Apple is getting my money because they have a compelling product NOW. That's the name of the game in business. This is old-fashioned Microsoft FUD, from a fanboy to boot. FaceBook is for friends and family - almost all of whom aren't developers. I use Twitter for geek-related stuff (the term 'geek' encompassing more than just development). Haven't looked at Google+. Based off comments, maybe I should. Don't let other people do your thinking for you, and don't get something just because everyone else is getting it. An iPad is a tool. Either you have a need for it or you don't. In either case, if you decide to get one you're going to discover you're the same old you as you were prior to getting it. And hopefully that's a good thing! :) Are you telling me you can be bought for life for $100? Please. Aside from that this is a good move on Nokia's part. They know they're the underdogs in the market and this is what you have to do as an underdog to have a shot at being a top dog someday. Maybe we should be concerned that men are underrepresented in the biological sciences. If anything this whole infographic can be used to show there's not necessarily a correlation between grades in school and performance on the job. Only Amazon has any assurance of making money. Incredible. What do you people plan on reading when the content providers go out of business? Each other's blogs? Have fun with that. More doing. Less talking. Good job! The trouble with JavaScript is the name is misleading - you're lead to believe it's a scripting form of Java. Instead it's more akin to Lisp in C clothing. Doug Crockford explains it best. http://www.crockford.com/javascript/javascript.html This is the kind of tripe we were hearing just before the bubble burst the last time. Turns out, you really did need to be concerned with how you were going to make money. There are no money fairies that are going to put the dough under your pillow. Assembly isn't difficult to program in, especially with a good macro assembler such as MASM. C'mon. We can give names to functions and call them by name. We can provide names for variables. We can use a linkage editor to produce an executable and resolve external references, meaning we can employ modular programming. How is this insane? Yes it is. That's the simple answer to your question. The SO community has had a different "feel" lately, and I don't like it and I think the mods are something to do with it. That's a subjective statement of course. You might love it. YMMV. Scratch your own itch. Create software YOU want that would be useful to you and you could learn something by creating. Don't worry whether it's a new idea or whether anyone on HN thinks it's cool. Other than that I would recommend learning different types of programming. Systems, applications and web programming come to mind. Use different types of languages too. This is the only way to get real-world experience on the different platforms, tools and programming styles. It's that experience that will move you along in becoming a great programmer. Programmes have always argued^H^H^H^H^H^Hdiscussed text editors. Used to be just emacs and vi. Now we've added more to the stable. But seriously, if you don't want to read the articles on text editors then don't. No one's making you. Maybe this will have the unintended consequence of driving more sales to the boutique computer stores that create their own systems. Zengrammer is awesome! I agree the term brogrammer has negative connotations and its usage needs to stop, except when referring to actual brogrammers of course! ;) Nice try. I have to sign up for Google+ to read on article about Google+? If this is the dodgy tactics used to drive up usage numbers then Google+ must not be offering any intrinsic value. As for now, LinkedIn is providing me greater value. Actual value, without gimmicks. tl;dr - it's no iPad but it's pretty good. I would say that's a fair assessment. And for a lot of couple balking at the $499 entry fee for the iPad, it may just well be what they've been looking for. My iPad integrates with the enterprise. Doing it right now as a matter of fact, and I work for a conservative Fortune 200 company with stringent, U.S. Federal Government mandated, security requirements. My iPad has become my main mobile machine at work, and with the exception of reading HN, I do real work with it - not just web surfing. And Androids need not apply. We stopped supporting them. Too many security issues as a result of their divergent platform. That's a good point: you can buy Windows 7 tablets today and yet Apple owns the tablet market. We can only reasonably assume Microsoft considers their current tablet strategy a failure and are seeking to rectify the situation with Surface and Windows 8. Humanities have always been the pursuit of the idle rich. Those without a hefty trust fund have found that they need to work to support themselves, and to find work they need skills. For those people we can only hope that their required electives provide them opportunity to expand their minds. By the way, what did you have in mind for the means for society to compensate these non-productive people? I say non-productive because they have no jobs, thus requiring some form of compensation from society. How do you seriously propose this be done? Apparently HN traffic killed the site. That right there makes it unfit for purpose. People forget Ayn Rand would have been 12 during the Bolshevik revolution. It obviously deeply affected her. While I don't consider Objectivism to be a formal philosophy, I don't see anything wrong with the characters in Atlas Shrugged either. They were simply sick of being the doormats of humanity. Expected to do whatever necessary to make life better for everyone else even as they persist in misery. What I want to know is what kind of person thinks anyone should live like that? If the Kindle is just a portal for buying/consuming Amazon services then I don't see it setting the world on fire. Once more people realize tablets are the ultimate mobile general-purpose computing platform then interest in consumer portal tablets will wane. OSX is good for developers with families. The wife and kids are happy and you're pretty happy too. Win-win all the way around. So is this how Microsoft is going to fight Linux on the desktop? Microsoft knows what they're doing? That's the funniest thing I've heard in a while. For the record, Microsoft has never had a success in the mobile space (PDAs, tablets, phones, MP3 players). They've come close a time or two but never in the past 15 years have they been the leader in any of these categories. Microsoft dominates the desktop. The XBox is an extension of the desktop. They're hoping to leverage their desktop dominance into a laptop-lite tablet. I'm betting they could care less about the user experience of Win 8 on the desktop. After all where else are their customers going to go? Apple? Linux? A few might. Most won't. This way they can focus all their energies into the tablet and then use their desktop dominance to move people to their tablets instead of Apple's. After all how many iPad owners have a Windows desktop? It's probably the best strategy they have. We'll have to wait and see how well it pans out for them. And no, I have no intention of buying one of these things. The tablet is an extension of the desktop. Microsoft has never been successful with them though. Now that the iPad has shown what a tablet can do perhaps Microsoft will be more successful this time around. Better question: are all social networking sites doomed to be fads and thus doomed to die? The answer leads to paradoxical results. If we answer 'yes' then no one will create another Facebook and thus Facebook will survive. If we answer 'no' then a competitor will emerge and thus increasing the chance that Facebook dies. Congratulations! You've just made the case as to why one should pursue a study in computer science. Can we expect the wonders of finite state automata next? I updated last weekend. I use Safari a lot and haven't had any issues. The weird thing I experienced during the upgrade is my iPad (3rd gen) got 1 Gb of memory freed - in that section iTunes calls Application Data. Still, 1 Gb is 1 Gb and I'm glad to get it back. And no, I haven't noticed anything amiss. The memory footprint on my iPhone remained the same. As far as maps goes, I don't use maps much (either Google or Apple). When I really need a map for long distance trips I use my Garmin. My experience with the mobile map apps so far is they're junk compared to the Garmin. I do need to do some traveling this Monday so I'll have the opportunity to do a side-by-side comparison test. Had the opportunity to seriously use Apple maps yesterday for the first time. I liked it better than my Garmin (which is a 2008 model). I like that it gives you street names for turning and that it tells you of upcoming turns and exits well in advance. The fact that it cuts in over the music being played by my iPhone is a practical plus - the Garmin simply can't do that. Finally, a plus for pointing out hotels and gas stations. My Garmin definitely didn't do that either. Apparently. Mind you, none of this has been tried in court AFAIK. Why spend money to educate your own citizens when you can import workers from other countries on the cheap? Of course long term this leads to the ruination of the United States. But businesses don't think long term. They only think of making money now . And to think one of these money men hucksters has a real chance of getting elected next week. I weep for our future. Next time buy your computer at Best Buy and see how that goes for you. Not to be too terribly snarky hopefully you've learned some valuable lessons here in dealing with Apple. You should have expected tech support to have regurgitated the contents of the email. The only reason you would have had for calling them is finding the name of the 3rd party company that would be fixing your computer and how to go about arranging that service. The second thing you've learned is the Apple geniuses aren't, well, geniuses. They're simply more knowledgeable than average, which takes care of 80% of the problems a typical customer will experience. The important thing to know is they're not doing the work. And, hello, since this was a general recall there were probably a boatload of machines "upstairs" waiting to be repaired. They told you 2 weeks because they prefer to under promise and over deliver and have your machine back to you in a few days. I know Apple can do seemingly amazing things, but good grief you need to have realistic expectations. Maybe we need to think of 'JavaScript' as a term representing a set of uncompiled languages targeting the browser runtime environment. With that definition I would say, sure - 'JavaScript' has a very bright future. Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! Exactly. There's loads of Unixen they could have tried. There's also tons of people running Rails. Though I'm not a big fan of Rails I can't deny there's a lot of it running successfully. There's got to be more to this story! GIMP sucks because it doesn't work like PhotoShop? Brilliant analysis. The big thing I remember from my Numerical Computing course in college was floating point arithmetic is not commutative. Totally. Rocked. My world. You have to work hard to retain your significant digits throughout the computation. You are correct. I should have been more clear. Our expectation for addition to be associative is deeply ingrained and it's shocking to discover that's not the case when performing floating point computations. Google. They do a lot of basic CS research and have several product lines. They'll also still exist long after Facebook is a footnote of history. I've been using computers since the days of the VIC 20 and Apple II. A lot has changed since then, generally for the better. I'm significantly older than you and I'm here to tell you one thing: you'd better get with it. I don't see any point in crying about a desktop metaphor that's dying. Let's face it - there's a lot of people now whose primary computer is a smartphone or tablet. The name of the game today is to create a user interface manager that works well with those devices AND the desktop. We're not there yet, but that's the direction we're headed, and more importantly, it's the direction we should be headed. One final thing, I'm using an iPad to read and respond to this post. On this iPad I have an outstanding code editor and development environments for Lisp, Scheme, Python, J, F# and JavaScript. This is the way of the future. In 29 days they've managed to get two people to pledge $1 apiece. I work in the enterprise business market, for a 100 year old blue chip firm - and the iPads have come in like a tsunami thanks to our BYOD policy. They have Exchange integration. Legacy internal applications? These have all been web-enabled over the past 10 years. And the adoption has been top-down: it's the C-level execs that are driving this change. This has been going on for two years now. Microsoft seriously missed the boat and more and more is considered to be an old-school technology company like IBM. Did that this year. Bought an iPad instead of a new PC. I might not even do that again - thinking of buying a device like the Nexus 10 next. I have a family with lots of eyeballs. Yes, there is still work requiring a PC and so every family should have one. But not every person in the family needs one. Permanent solution? That's hard to say. No one should expect Apple to rest on their laurels for Maps though - they can't afford to admit defeat. They must continue to strive to make their Maps app as-good-as or even better than Google Maps. It'll be interesting to see what Apple does next. So how are things going in Syria? I'm going to be admittedly contrarian and claim Apple, along with their users, won. After all, they got turn-by-turn navigation from Google for free which supposedly Google was wanting to license to Apple for a considerable sum of money. They've already blown that SLA - for the year. Now how much of my money do I get back? That's what I was thinking. 'Extraordinary' swings both ways. Exactly. A web application platform you should have stopped using 10 years ago is still causing problems. Imagine that! If you're C code is portable then you've chosen the wrong language. C is best when assembly would have been appropriate but you want to write something in a more maintainable, higher-level language. C shines when you need to optimize for a specific operating platform. Microsoft used Ecma as a standards repository, not a standards body. Ecma neither created nor endorsed C# - they received and recorded a standards submission from Microsoft thus making C# "Microsoft tech." Finally, neither C# 3.0, 4.0 or 5.0 have been submitted to Ecma. So we can hardly refer to C# as an Ecma language for crying out loud! :) In a word, "no." LinkedIn is professional, Facebook is personal. Two totally different aspects of my life that I treat separately. So LinkedIn isn't going anywhere. The power of Yelp is derived through crowdsourcing. I don't have nearly enough Facebook friends to capitalize on the long tail crowdsourcing requires. So Yelp isn't going anywhere. And google? As if - I don't have enough time and space to explain why that isn't going to happen! The paragraph beginning with "To put it another way, C is no longer close to the real machine" really drove the point home. The further C gets away from the real machine then the less useful C will become. Higher-level languages have the advantage that a compiler can more easily determine what the program is attempting to accomplish and optimize the result for a specified architecture. This will be very difficult to do for C. As a result I would expect the performance of higher-level languages to start exceeding the performance of C. I guess we're just going to have to change our conventional wisdom when that time comes. I work for a Fortune 200 company and I just recently led the effort for them to adopt Chrome Frame. We were using a charting package that we could either render in Flash or SVG and because of our BYOD strategy we chose SVG but the performance in IE8 was abysmal. Chrome Frame fit the bill nicely. You include a tag in your HTTP header to request Chrome Frame. If it hasn't been installed then IE8 renders the page. The nice thing is the site self-selects that it wants Chrome Frame so your legacy sites continue to get IE8. Even better, your users are still launching IE so you don't have the support hassle of this site requires this browser while this other site requires this other browser. Meanwhile this gives us an opportunity to modernize our legacy web applications. Chrome Frame has been a great solution for us. I blog about development and IT-related items at http://taylodl.wordpress.com/ Recently I've been focusing on functional programming paradigms using JavaScript. If nothing else I've found that writing helps me internalize the material. And we care why? LGPL lets you do as you please with the code. If you need to modify the code, which in my experience isn't all that often, you simply provide the patch back to the committers. They're not required to take it, but that doesn't affect you. You simply had to provide it. And since you took from the community, doesn't it make sense to contribute back when you have something to contribute? For commercial use you want to use components that have been LGPL'd. Using LGPL'd components to build your application does not require your application to be either GPL'd or LGPL'd. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Lesser_General_Public_Licen... for information on LGPL. IANAL, but I believe you're incorrect about shipping the libraries in particular ways. My understanding of the LGPL is you don't have to ship the libraries with your application, you just need to provide the relevant copyright notices - usually in your Help/About. I worked with the legal department at my company to get a list of approved open source licenses for components included in our applications. The GPL was immediately ruled out. Because of the GPL they spent several weeks scrutinizing the LGPL. They approved it. Obviously your mileage has varied with your lawyers. And if we want to keep our jobs we can't cross the lawyers, even if we believe them to be wrong. It'd be nice if our community had a common understanding of the LGPL. There seems to be a lot of confusion. And in so doing they would have lost the hearts and minds of the town's inhabitants, even if they can be temporarily controlled by force. When people from other towns hear of what is happening they'll be better prepared and fight harder. And don't forget every soldier came from Somewhere, USA. They're not going to be happy to see the military turned on their town. They may either stand down or sabotage the effort. Moreover the military is comprised of human beings, who have a conscience. Many or most would resist attacking their fellow countrymen with anything more than small arms fire, if that. Besides, the military would be overwhelmed by every town revolting all at once. There's something to be said for strength in numbers. You'd be amazed how much you'd learn going to college now, if you so desired. You know what you don't know and will be focused on learning it. BUT - college is a learning experience. As you've discovered you can get jobs without it. Have him do all his own code maintenance. You're paying $1500 to beta test a product. What's not clear is whether you get the final product when ready. What's the best programming text editor? The one that makes you the most productive. What should really worry Google is if Samsung left Android for either Firefox Mobile OS or Ubuntu Phone or started offering devices running any of these mobile OSes. The days of OS dominance ala Windows are over. That includes the mobile platform. In the land of start-ups the VCs are the chickens, the employees are the pigs. As in the fable it generally doesn't work out so well for the pig. I grew up in a blue collar family. This guy's father is the norm, not the exception. My grandfather was a lineman for the electric company. He worked around the clock in all kinds of bad weather and had friends who'd been electrocuted. My father-in-law worked on an end loader while suffering through hemorrhoids and hernias. My brother-in-law has a crushed disc and works as an auto mechanic, oftentimes requiring him to lift things over his head when working in the pit. When he gets home at night he has one chair that he can sit in to relieve his pain. This isn't macho cult bullshit, trust me they can't wait until they can retire. They're simply working men who'd go to the ends of the earth to provide for their families. I can't speak for the rest of the world but this is the culture of a blue collar family in the American Midwest. I am so glad I create software for a living. 40-50 hours work per week on average, more during a crunch, all in a climate-controlled environment. You can eat and drink any time you feel like it. You have flexible work schedules. And if your neck gets sore you're paid well enough you can go get a message and have it worked out. We've got it made. The killer app segment for Google Glass is augmented reality - which is quite awkward on cell phones but natural on devices like Glass. It's also an application segment that hasn't received much mainstream attention. Check out some of the stuff companies like Metaio have been doing: http://www.metaio.com/ (I'm not affiliated with Metaio, nor am I currently developing any augmented reality applications) Don't fix it if it isn't broke. NASA has lots of operational experience with VxWorks. They know all its warts and how to avoid potential issues. They also know the power consumption of the kernel. Compared to the cost of the overall mission the cost of VxWorks is negligible, yet the risk of replacing it with another kernel is quite high. It just doesn't make any sense. I grew up in the analog age. Trust me, there was much rejoicing when CDs came out. Your lament about the digital resolution of CDs is baseless: the resolution is far beyond what the human ear can discern. We've already been through all this in the 80's. It's comical to watch you hipsters stir up this old dust that had settled long ago. Oh, and it's well-known that some people prefer the sound of vinyl. It's a particular distortion accentuating the midrange. This distortion provides a "warmer" sound. But let's not kid ourselves - it's a distortion. But if you prefer the warmer sound of vinyl then I suggest you try 7,5 IPS reel-to-reel. It'll knock your socks off! They don't have a doodle celebrating Pi Day either. You'd think they would've done one or the other! A better title would be 'How pathetic tech reporting has become' RSS is a technology, not an industry and Google's killing Reader may not necessarily kill RSS. I've switched to Feedly and love it. I wished I'd been using Feedly years ago. Reader is quite pathetic in comparison to Feedly actually. But I didn't know that. I used Reader because it was from Google and all my colleagues were using it. As a result I'm checking out alternatives to other Google services. I've been in a Google rut for many years now and it's time to get out of it. It's all good. I suppose if you can keep the device from falling on a corner then you're good. That seems to be the worst-case scenario. It'll probably be a couple years before we see this in any of their devices. There's a lot of wealth from technology near the top, but overall this list is pretty well diversified from an industry perspective. Technology, banking/finance, retail, entertainment, real estate and energy. Pharmaceuticals, cosmetics and clothing don't do quite as well. And most strikingly, I don't recall seeing transportation anywhere on the list. Linus is now seeing firsthand that opportunity is not equal in the United States. You typically need to have attended a good university to get a good job and to get into a good university you need to have graduated from a good secondary school - which you need to have paid for either through tuition or taxes. The goal is to keep the wealth concentrated in the already wealthy. That's how it works here in the United States. I'll assume for the moment that Oregon's intentions are noble, and they're attempting to right this wrong. How ironic that it will achieve the exact opposite result. The old law of unintended consequences and all. Those of us who were in school in the 70s during mandatory desegregation will recall that too had the opposite effect of what was intended: instead of providing better learning opportunities for black students the white families left for the suburbs leaving the black students behind in worse schools than what they had started out with. Those who don't study history are doomed to repeat it I suppose. So what is the answer? I think we really need to understand the problem: public schools are locally funded and operated and small locales can use real estate to become exclusive. The solution then is to realize that exclusivity can't be had on a large scale. You need to expand the scope of 'local' in the local school system. A good start would be to expand 'local' to the county level. While certainly there are some counties richer and more exclusive than others, they are much more homogenous than individual communities. At least it would be a step in the right direction that would better serve everyone. I should have mentioned I'm using Feedly on an iPad. On the desktop Feedly isn't as compact as Reader - but there's a setting where you can make it nearly so. On the iPad I like the magazine layout and swiping to mark an article as read. Having fewer articles presented at a time actually has been helping me better focus on each article. And now that I can see more of the article I can better determine whether it's really something I should read. Whereas before I tended to skim the titles and try to weed out articles and figure I'd get to the articles I might be interested in later. To then find out that I really wasn't interested in that article. But that's me. You might hate Feedly for the exact same reasons I like it. Good thing you have until July 1st to find an alternative that works for you! Good luck! So what does it mean when the United States government has advocated for a real name system on the Internet? Are they attempting to use that as a means for wielding information totalitarianism here in the United States? Is information another form of freedom for which we must fight? How much you want to bet the water company didn't know the chemical name of water is dihydrogen monoxide? Otherwise they could have explained to the callers that dihydrogen monoxide is, in fact, water and they were simply victims of an April Fool's joke. But that doesn't seem to be the path that was taken. They're not out of the woods yet in the EU: http://www.techspot.com/news/52067-microsoft-under-fire-in-e... Our understanding of gut bacteria is poised to revolutionize our practice of medicine. This is fascinating research with quite unexpected results. I'll sure miss Fox when they pull off the airwaves said no one ever. I would. I hold no one else up to a bar higher than I hold myself. And I set the bar high. I've got no time for whiners and losers and this student's behavior is beyond the pale. So I'm a gourmet chef working at McDonalds?! FML Big moat? Apple has more money than any other company. Facebook is losing users in droves and every day there's a new article on HN on how to get Google out of your life. Of the companies you mentioned Amazon is the only one with bright prospects. I'm afraid if you're wearing Google Glass you may not be getting any "sexy time"! That poor Sinclair ZX81 can't handle HN load! It's probably done more work today than it has its entire lifetime. Running Google Now on my iPhone runs counter to my strategy of getting Google further out of my life. I have no interest in getting further enmeshed into their services. I am left to wonder how everyone could have been so wrong in predicting that the world would be glutted with good programmers and sysadmins by now I stopped reading the article at this point. Seriously. I've been programming for nearly 30 years and in that time no one ever thought there was a risk of our having a glut of good programmers. Ever. Hell, finding good talent back then was much more difficult than it is now. So stop your whining. Maybe they could change the way they do advertising: the amount of raw storage and the amount of available storage, similarly to the way they do hard drives (raw vs. formatted). This article is also 4 years old. Move along, nothing new to see here. I've travelled cross-country with Apple maps without issue. I didn't even have Google maps or printed maps as a backup. I must be nuts. Got any more cute little anecdotes for us? Automation is destroying the middle class, not the Internet. But I guess it sounds cooler to say 'Internet' though, doesn't it? Automation is destroying the middle class, not the Internet. But I guess it sounds cooler to say 'Internet' though, doesn't it? Google Glass is only the most anticipated product in the echo chamber of tech. The bans are an indicator from the rest of the world that Google Glass may not be the greatest product idea after all. These are big words considering Google is the biggest thief in the history of the world. But who cares about intellectual property anyway? Just because technology makes something possible doesn't mean its usage will be inevitable or even desirable. Most people for example eschew a police state where all your movements are tracked by video at all times and may be used to prosecute (or blackmail) you. Google Glass plays an important part in the creation of just such a state. You need to look at the recent U.S. Justice Department statement which essentially states that anything stored online is subject to search without warrant. Google + U.S. Department of Justice, bringing totalitarianism to a state near you! What rankles about Google is their hypocrisy. Google is an order of magnitude more evil than Microsoft had ever hoped to be and yet Microsoft was unabashed for who they were. Google continues to deceive. Deception is a fundamental component of their corporate strategy. Yet if Microsoft were in the same position doing the same things the chanting horde would be calling for their heads. Meanwhile Google can do no wrong. Google is in a position where they can greatly affect the usage and adoption of open standards. And increasingly they're subverting open standards. Is that evil? Draw your own conclusions but it was considered evil when Microsoft did it. Guys we need to ban together and remove these mysoginistic "brogrammers" from our profession. If you see guys behaving in this manner - in this case we're talking attempted rape - intervene. Don't just ignore it and hope the problem goes away. It's not, and it appears to only be getting worse. The diplomatic solution would be to have a doctrine of cyber warfare drafted by the U.N. that explicitly states when a cyber warfare attack is an act of war. There would also have to be guidelines of evidence that a state was sponsoring or had knowledge of but failed to control these acts. Unless and until such a resolution is adopted there's very little we can do other than incorporate cyber warfare defense as a component of our overall national defense. You're not familiar with tax law. What you just said is emphatically NOT true, even for private citizens. As an American citizen you are not liable to pay federal income taxes on income earned overseas until it exceeds a specified amount (>$100,000) - even if you aren't paying any local taxes on it. Well played sir! You've managed to take a run-of-the-mill little David vs. the Big Media Goliath story and use it as a sales pitch for your scroll kit and made the front page of HN to boot! JavaScript is most emphatically not the assembly language of the web. It is instead the lingua franca of the web. I actually think this is what people intend to convey when they say this sort of nonsense. It's progress without a real purpose. There is so much tech suffering from this affliction. If more men learned to put away their privilege Stopped me cold. Maybe that mindset worked in the 1960s but this is the twenty-teens and that "privilege" left long ago. In other words poor people, people living in rural areas and people in niche markets are using old technology. Hardly a surprise. I just got a 15" MacBook Pro w/Retina display a couple of weeks ago. i7, 16Gb RAM, 512Gb SSD. It's replacing a 7 year-old MacBook. I'm expecting to get 7 years out of this as well. I'm still at the "new machine" stage where everything just "pops" - not even a hint of delay. The 15" screen is really nice, highly recommend it over the 13", yet it's still portable and not as crazy as some of my friends who have 17" MBPs. Seems like the perfect app for Ruby on Rails! :) I was taught all the useful properties of a determinant, but not what a determinant actually was . Now everything makes much better sense! Java is the new COBOL. Everyone is going to be wondering when Java will die for the next thirty years. Java will still be running the enterprise decades after RoR is gone. The more interesting question is which will die first: Java or COBOL? The most clear and concise write up of monads I've seen. Explaining how monads remove the need for boilerplate code is the equivalent of how loop constructs remove the need for goto is when I had my aha! moment. So is it the accounts being compromised or has Yahoo! itself been compromised? Last week I received mail delivery failure notices for an email apparently sent to my entire address book. If it hadn't been for a couple of old addresses in my book I wouldn't have even known it'd happened. swapping things out with no questions Is also known as excellent customer service. Hardware will always have issues - no defect rate is 0%. How the manufacturer responds to those issues is what determines excellency. You can trampoline in JavaScript too. I showed how the performance may not be as you expect: http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascrip... It's McCarthyism all over again, except this time substitute "terrorist" for "communist". How many lives will be up-ended this time around? Don't need secret police when the kids are whisked off to jail in broad daylight, out in the open. Secret police are only required when one wants to hide such grievous acts. Quite the opposite is the case now - our leaders our proud they're Fighting Terrorists. I wonder how much more Snowden will reveal since no one will provide him asylum? Before there was Hacker News there was Slashdot. Before Slashdot there were NNTP servers (Usenet). Before Usenet there were BBSes. We've been chatting online for the past 30 years and yet have still been able to create operating systems, window managers, office productivity suites, databases, compilers and all sorts of other things. Not saying our system is perfect, but it's working and besides developers need to let off some steam and just talk about geeky stuff. Even when corrected for number of servers this tells us essentially nothing. How much compute and storage capacity does Microsoft have compared to Google and Amazon? I'm not talking raw hardware performance either, but Windows Server vs. Google's customized server OS. This kind of information would provide us better insight into their computational capabilities. We really need to ratify and institute Isaac Asimov's 3 Laws of Robotics ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Laws_of_Robotics ) otherwise I'm afraid our future selves will regret it. It's all about faster, cheaper, better. When software/robots are faster, cheaper, better than their human counterparts then the humans will be replaced by software/robots. This has been going on for nearly four decades now. What people haven't been anticipating are the effects of exponential growth in the capabilities of software/robots, Moore's Law. We are now reaching a tipping point where vast swaths of labor can be replaced by these systems, much faster than the displaced workers can be reassimilated into other areas of the economy. This is leading to protracted high levels of unemployment, which we're already seeing our social and political institution's inability to cope. This will only get worse. This is quickly becoming one of the biggest issues of our age. Once upon a time twenty years ago I enjoyed this minutiae of C++. Now? Not so much. I just want to get work done and this is a case where I feel I'm fighting the language rather than using it. Outsourcing, of course, always saves money, Um, no it doesn't. Sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't. Your mileage may vary. It was this thinking that led to all sorts of idiotic outsourcing deals in the early 2000s where businesses discovered there are many scenarios where outsourcing increases costs. We've gotten a lot smarter since then but statements like this make me bristle. Was I the only one who thought Paul Atreides was going to come and kick Anakin Skywalker's butt?! The very first sentence gets us started on the wrong foot: focusing on OSS for its "free as in beer" promise. No. It's all about freedom. Something Gartner isn't concerned with-it's simply not one of their metrics. Gartner analysts are also influenced by vendors. The marketing folks send their material to Gartner. They can have in-depth discussions of product roadmaps and so forth. This all influences who makes it into Gartner's "magic quadrant" and it's typically not flattering to OSS projects. On a related note, many organizations won't use tools and technologies not endorsed by Gartner. This is why OSS offerings have a difficult time getting traction in the enterprise. I don't think this article is claiming the PC is dead or that there's no need for anyone to do work at their desks using keyboards and large monitors. No, the irrelevance of Microsoft is they no longer influence the market. They are no longer perceived to be the leaders of change. This is quite different from the height of their influence in the 90's. "But buyers first discover their books online only about 17 percent of the time." A greater percentage will discover books online if brick and mortar book stores disappear. Plus there's still the local library, so Amazon may not be quite the death knell for book publishers as this article is making them out to be. You're missing a Ken Iverson language from your list. Might I suggest J? It's unlike anything you've ever seen before, unless you've worked with APL, and it'll give you a whole new perspective on programming. The attack was launched via an infected Word file. You can separate your internal network from the public Internet - which power companies do - but that only reduces your attack surface, it doesn't eliminate it. Attack vectors are still available. John Galt never made it past adolescence. He ultimately used his talents to make the world suffer, all along possessing the wherewithal to make the world a better place. But HE didn't think THEY deserved it. I shudder to think people wanted a John Galt admirer for U.S. Vice President (and were supporting him for that very reason). It seems most people resort to storing time in UTC, but this isn't your only option: any fixed time zone will do. If you're in a corporate setting and the majority of your users are in the same time zone as your servers, then it makes sense to use that time zone. There's fewer date conversions that way. For half the year there will be basically no conversions and for the other half it's a 1 hour DST conversion - which many time handling libraries have optimized (I'm in the United States in an area that observes DST for half the year). A fixed time zone doesn't shift for DST, otherwise it wouldn't be fixed - by definition. All you need is a fixed reference point. There's nothing sacrosanct about UTC. I meant fixed as in unvarying. So we store our time data in EST (UTC-05:00), instead of UTC. For half the year the stored time matches the local time it's to be displayed in and so no conversion is required. The other half of the year when local time is UTC-04:00 we only need to shift the stored time by one hour to display it properly. Many time handling libraries are extremely efficient at adding/subtracting an hour from time. This is important because we have many legacy systems using this data (think mainframe COBOL to today's latest technologies with a smattering of everything in between). So it's not just a single time handling library in use. Interesting that the bank had the most stable interface. They may be boring but they know their customers well and apparently are doing a good job taking care of their needs. In the end that's what it's all about. The most fundamental difference between Google & Apple? With Google you're the product. With Apple you're the customer. It's a subtle, but important, difference. Other than that both are for-profit companies seeking to lock you into their ecosystems as much as they can. And in order to do that they need to compete for customers - who are varied and have different needs and expectations. Some will choose Android, others will choose iOS. Meanwhile the earth will keep turning. Karma is finally biting Microsoft in the ass. Who else remembers the refrain "it ain't done 'til Lotus won't run!" from Microsoft's earlier years? Having said that, I would expect the "do no evil" company - directly referring to not being like Microsoft - to do the right thing, if, in fact Microsoft is being fully forthcoming in stating they have complied with all of Google's objections. In the end, both companies have blemishes and so far I can't determine who's really at fault here. The soap opera will continue, I'm sure. .NET is never a good option to Java. The CLR suffers the same performance issues as the JVM and as noted in the thread above people are starting to migrate back to C++ as a result and yet .NET has the further restriction that it only runs on Microsoft systems. So with .NET I get the disadvantages of Java combined with the restriction of not being to migrate to other platforms. That's not a good deal for the enterprise. What an alarmist headline. A networking study is done, but because they ignored the physics of the actual grid, yielded little or no new information. One of the changes since the 2003 blackout is automation, monitoring, and control for both distribution and transmission. This provides us a near-real time look at the goings on of the grid. As the article notes, we're still learning how to utilize this data to increase grid stability and reliability. In short, the electrical grid is in better shape today than it was in 2003 and we're continuing to make it better. Hardly a grid on the edge of failure. Especially when the LucasFilm Games Group were using this workflow to target the 8 bit machines of the 80's. http://www.langston.com/Papers/vidgam.pdf Illustrating why Google Glass is such a bad idea. In recording their lives people are forgetting to live it. Viva life! Trampolines are okay, but JavaScript still needs an actual TCO. In this blog post http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascrip... I look into the performance of trampolines compared to the normal recursive form. Trampolines perform worse. Moreover, TCO was invented to overcome the performance issues associated with recursive implementations, meaning trampolines perform much worse than TCO. I think they're targeting young customers. Think of all the parents of teens that wouldn't shell out $199 for an iPhone but would happily shell out $99. Neither the kids, nor their parents, are particularly interested in quality and whether this phone has the same value as the 5s. Plus the kids would presumably be attracted to the colors. There's also a strange obsession with bacon, which as a vegetarian, I just don't get. But that's alright, I figure I make up in drinks for what I don't eat of the bacon! But seriously, every conference I've been to has always had 'birds of a feather' or 'gray beard' meetups at night where there's moderate drinking and very good discussions. The Clojure koans are a good place to start - https://github.com/functional-koans/clojure-koans Currently the insurance company does, and since they were most likely selected by your employer whose objective was to hold down costs, what do you think that insurer's priorities are going to be? Plus, who's the customer in this situation? For whose business is the insurance company really working for? Did you check out the author of what you read and what agenda they may have had? Plus the term "some surgeries" is pretty vague, indicative of hand-waving. But consider the alternative - without insurance or money your waiting time for surgery is...forever. All health service is rationed. Our system simply doesn't ration it to those needing it most, instead rationing it to those with the most money. You can see the effects of our system with all the new "designer hospitals" they're building these days. By focusing on the affluent we're pricing health care out of reach of those of modest means. There are reasons health care costs in the United States have been rising several times more than the rate of inflation for the past 30 years. And none of those reasons paint a good portrait of our health care system. You failed to mention the context of that government incentive - World War II. And the incentive you're referring to was put in place by the War Labor Board in 1942, during FDR's presidency. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_Labor_Board It was. But perqs proved popular with employers because their value were hidden from the employees. Thus large employers could use their negotiating power to procure health insurance for their employees at a relatively low cost. They were effectively getting cheaper labor, a huge competitive advantage. The ruse was up once health insurance costs started skyrocketing. "Mr. Needham is not apologetic at all for the shutdown that he sees as regrettable but necessary collateral damage if it focuses the public on the horrors of the health-care law." In other words the ends justifies the means. This is not how laws are to be repealed. If they're successful then a very dangerous precedent will be set. I'm admittedly not the biggest fan of Obamacare in its current form, but these tactics to effectively repeal it without due process unnerves me. It's upon seeing things like this I wonder what I'm doing with my life. Am I really making the world a better place? Am I really making life better? With software? I feel I have so much but have really and truly contributed back so little. Yes - I'm having the same issue. My thoughts exactly. Dart is representative of 90's language design and as such is a step backward. That's not to say JS doesn't have its issues, but Dart isn't the solution. One of the most insightful comments I've read on HN. Love your idea of taking the Unix approach to hardware - don't know enough about hardware hacking to know if that's doable but I like the idea! I've termed this type of development "Maintenance Driven Development" ( http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2012/07/21/maintenance-driven-d... ) Yes, it's a good idea to write unit tests for the existing code base, though be careful with setting unrealistic expectations with regards to test coverage. The goal is to better understand the existing code base and have tests around the most critical parts of functionality to provide evidence they haven't been negatively impacted by the code changes. Mobile desks. Let people move where they want to. If nothing else I get tired of looking at the same walls from the same angle day in and day out. I like variety. Overall though I prefer an open space environment with the ability to periodically go of to a quiet area for deep thinking. Sometimes you just need that solitude to do your best work. When I was growing up it was advised to skip the bread, pasta and potatoes if your goal was to lose weight. Skip being interpreted to limit, not eliminate. This all changed in the 80's when fat became the culprit behind heart disease. Thus began the high-fat, low-carb diet trend we're on now. Now we have the Swedes telling us fat is good for us, actually reducing the risk of heart disease. Seems like my grandma was right all along: watch out for that bread and pasta. I'm an iPhone user and I use the Do Not Disturb feature so only calls from my immediate family will ring through. In the Notification Center I never configure applications to buzz the phone - instead I opt for the application icon to be badged when it has something for me. I think of it as making the phone work for me over my becoming a slave of the phone. PowerShell would have been awesome if it were a proper superset of bash and they released the code under a GPL, Apache or BSD kind of license. The fact this can happen is the problem. Technology enabling such widespread censorship must not be so eagerly adopted. My dad used APL to do CNC programming. I remember reading his APL book as a kid. I could only get so far without having a computer that could run APL (or not having a computer at all since this was the late 70's). Later, I was able to get into a math and science oriented high school where we learned Pascal and 6502 assembly on various Apple II systems. I've been programming ever since. Lately I've been thinking about that APL book. There's a version of APL called J which uses normal ASCII characters that I've been meaning to check out. Maybe 2014 will be the year to do so! IBM has demonstrated the smallest possible working gate. We're still a little ways off from that but - the problem with exponential traversal is you rapidly reach the end of the road. That and the last few iterations of Moore's law are going to be very expensive . It's the economic aspect people are referring to when speaking of Moore's law coming to an end. That's what I was thinking. On the one hand is the C family of languages (C, C++, Java, C#, Go) and then you can get mileage from the Lisp family of languages (Lisp, Scheme, Racket, Clojure) - you can get a lot of languages there but you're still only working within two language families. Throw in some Haskell, Forth, Prolog and now you're getting interesting! This is a load of BS. I know great developers who don't waste their time on sites like GitHub and StackOverflow (that's probably why they're great developers to begin with). I look at it like this - if a prospective company is so clueless they can't discern what a good developer is for their organization then do you want to work for them? How are they going to handle performance reviews? Look at your GitHub contributions? That's your fault for choosing Microsoft as your development platform. You've put them in the driver's seat of your business, which is never a good thing. A developer can get a lot of mileage without knowing much math beyond algebra just as a musician can get a lot of mileage without knowing music theory. In both cases however there's a limit as to how far you can go. If you're content with writing CRUD apps for the rest of your life then yeah, math isn't terribly important. Just because Microsoft dominates the desktop market doesn't mean you have to use their tool chain when developing for it - this is especially true when creating commercial applications, not so much for creating business applications for internal use. Microsoft often places restrictions on their tool chain for marketing rather than technical purposes and if you're a commercial software outfit you should be very wary of using their tool chain for that reason. Yeah, they noted Apple actually improved from last year but everyone else improved even more. Meanwhile we the consumers benefit. I haven't read a John C. Dvorak column for ages! We're talking over 10+ years ago - I'd no idea he was still writing. It'd be hilarious to have Dvorak running GNU/Linux at the end of 2014!!! "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed both nothing and everything. Before my cancer was diagnosed, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn’t know when. After the diagnosis, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn’t know when." Within this passage lies the meaning of life. Bind can also be used to obtain a reference to a function expression in javascript. I exploited that ability in creating an implementation of trampoline in javascript: http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascrip... The one programming language to rule them all that isn't for everyone. I had to laugh at the irony of the juxtaposition of the title and the final sentiment! I like languages so I'll definitely be checking out Julia. Why? What good would a strong Microsoft provide us? What void would that fill? We've been there, done that and frankly, I don't care to go back. They abused their power when they had it and I have no intent of giving it back to them to give them another crack at it. No, I much prefer today's world of Google, Apple, Samsung and FOSS in all its myriad forms battling it out. There's more developer frameworks than ever available to us. More languages. More everything. No. I don't want to go back. There's lots of languages you can use to create iOS applications: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3949995/what-programming-... Android allows you to freely deploy your applications to their devices, while iOS requires a little more work. In neither case do you have to go through their respective stores (I'm thinking enterprise/personal apps here). For commercial sales it's increasingly a moot point: consumers are purchasing apps through app stores regardless of platform. As a developer, I've never felt more free, less beholden to a corporate entity and their hidden agenda, and have an awesome stable of tools and technologies from which I can use to build solutions. It's almost gotten to the point where I have too much choice! And that's awesome! Software architecture is more than having holistic knowledge of development technologies and methodologies, though that is important. Software architecture is concerned with reasoning about systems at the appropriate level of abstraction. The organization's culture, operations environment and individual project requirements guide you in determining what aspects of the system must be reasoned and what can be safely ignored. Knuth called computer programming an "art". By that measure I sometimes think of software architecture as a "dark art"! Dijkstra always contended GOTOs were harmful! In all seriousness it's unfortunate the C family of languages even allow this kind of bug - we've all been bitten by it at one time or another. emacs auto-revert-tail-mode You can tail as many files as you want. The most galling thing is they directed people to use an alternate browser, such as Internet Explorer. I'm sorry - whatever sins Brendan Eich may have committed pale in comparison to the evil Microsoft - THE CORPORATION - has wrought on the world over the course of the past 25 years. Java isn't back, it simply never went away - it's the modern Cobol. It's a good environment for backend development. Free if you need it, support if you want, no vendor lock-in, no platform lock-in, a vibrant open-source community - there's a lot to like about this old dinosaur! You can trampoline without generating a temporary function. See http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascrip... for details. My first thought was this could be a candidate for literate programming ( http://www.literateprogramming.com/ ), but it's hard to parse and doesn't seem practical. Another motivation for currying in JS is to memoize the curried function which I describe in my post http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/11/05/functional-javascrip... I never provided a currying function, thinking there were so many implementations easily available - but I've never seen one as good as what's presented here! I wonder what the implications might be to .NET? There's a large part of it's library that's pretty much lifted straight from Java - both the good and the bad. Flush with success might Oracle go after Microsoft next? The Little Schemer. Fun to read, solidify knowledge of Scheme. If we're going to collect anecdotes then I'll note my 2013 MBP has been running continually for over a year without a panic. I have a 2006 MB and 2008 MB (both still running) each having panicked 2-3 times over their lifetime. I'm a developer, my son is a musician and my wife is a graphics design artist so there's been lots of software thrown at these machines. I blogged about the advantages/disadvantages of trampolines in JavaScript a while back. See http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascrip... . I'm preparing to analyze TCO in ES6. I'll do a write up of my analysis. That's why I always thought it'd be a good idea for Microsoft to expose such a semantic layer via a .NET API. When you can program an Excel sheet using the .NET languages and have access to the broader .NET libraries then all kinds of interesting possibilities start to open up. The fact is business users love Excel and a great number of CRUD applications could be easily built on top of Excel if only we had a reasonable programming environment (keep the VBA, you could create a VBA implementation on top of .NET). That would be win/win for everyone! I agree. Beyond being gay these people are human beings and have accomplished great things, and as such should be defined by their accomplishments rather than their sexual orientation. Until I read this article I didn't know Tim Cook was gay. and until I read your comment I didn't know Peter Thiel was gay. I know these men by their accomplishments, not their sexual orientation. Now that I know their sexual orientation, who cares? As someone pointed out it's as trivial as knowing the name of Tim Cook's dog, if he has one. It's too expensive to migrate all the Chinese government-owned workstations from Windows XP to Windows 8 - to face the prospect of having to do it again in a few years. Many European governments have attempted to abandon Windows with mixed success. It takes a lot of planning, effort and cost and no one knows whether any financial benefits will be realized. They don't even know whether they'll be able to get off the upgrade treadmill. On the other hand if you're going to make the switch now is a really good time. There's a lot of flexibility to be had by replacing aging client/server applications tied to Windows XP with apps having a web front-end. It's a smart move to not tie yourself to a specific client and focus on "any device, any time." We'll see how this plays out. Technology is necessary but not sufficient for building great products and services. What the article didn't mention is people are looking for ways to simplify their lives and manage complexity. They desire simple tools allowing them to easily achieve those aims. I'm wondering how Swift plays into this? Was this time chosen to release Swift to assure IBM's success in meeting these standards? Really makes you wonder about the timing of everything. It's a shame our options have been reduced to a false dichotomy of pay-for software where you have no access to the source, and pay-nothing-for software where all you have is the source. There was supposed to be another option for pay-for software where you have access to the source and may make changes to that source to suite your needs: "free" was supposed to refer to "freedom" and not "cost." But no one seems to have gone that route. Is it just not viable? IBM adopted Java early on as a client side development technology to be used in client/server computing that was so prevalent in the 90s. IBM also had a lot of their customers rebuilding 20-30 year old applications in Java to address Y2K issues. IBM supports Java running on their zSeries and pSeries systems. IBM supports Java applications using JMS over MQSeries to interoperate with legacy applications and supports Java accessing DB2 databases. IBM even has tools to allow COBOL copybooks to be exposed as web services, which Java can then easily consume. There's still a ton of legacy COBOL applications and thanks to IBM, Java can interoperate with that legacy code and extend its functionality. And it's not all about IBM either. Obviously Oracle, another enterprise favorite, is playing in the Java space these days and provide an application server, WebLogic, along with great support for accessing Oracle's RDBMs from Java. Oracle also has several industry vertical solutions all based on Java. Finally there's Red Hat. Lots of enterprises run RHEL when running a Linux server and their JBoss application server is highly regarded. Java then offers enterprises a lot of flexibility. There's multiple vendors from which they can choose to procure application servers, there's little risk of platform lock-in, they can fully interoperate with legacy applications and there's a ton of reasonable cost developers available - who are mostly happy with a language that's fairly modern. There's actually quite a bit for an enterprise to like about Java. I work for a large enterprise company and we're using Docker in our Continuous Integration environment to unit test components needing to run on an application server. We have an eye to using Docker to manage production migration - ultimately we want to be migrating containers into production rather than software. We're not there yet, but we're working on it. I'm not a fan of TDD either, but I am a practitioner of what I've dubbed "Maintenance Driven Development" which I've blogged about here: http://taylodl.wordpress.com/2012/07/21/maintenance-driven-d... Bottom line: I prefer writing as few tests as possible to ensure the quality of the code and Maintenance Driven Development is a practical method for achieving that. Timezones are fairly simple to handle, it's Daylight Saving Time that brings an inordinate amount of difficulty. Some timezones observe DST, some do not. The switchover to/from DST is at different dates for different timezones - often even different dates for different years in the same timezone! DST makes date/time calculations extremely difficult and error prone. Eliminating DST would be a huge step to bringing some level of normalcy back to time. A country the size of China with the technical expertise available to them can create an open stack that they can manage and control. They already have several hardware manufacturers in their territory to make any hardware they may need. I honestly don't see why they would ever have been buying Apple and Microsoft products in the first place, and I'm an American. A good company balances the overzealous enthusiasm of youth with the practicality of the wisdom that can only be attained through years, possibly decades, of work. The problem is a lot of people get jaded over time and forget what it was like to be young and excited to work on new (usually to them) projects. The older people tend to become downers if allowed to. Companies that can foster mutual respect between workers spanning multiple generations are the best. If everyone, old and young alike, can focus on continual growth and realizing we can all learn from one another then much can be achieved. That's what Lotus Improv did, twenty years ago. It was too radical for users at the time and so sales were pretty much nonexistent. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lotus_Improv If Go becomes the next Java, the inventors of C would set the programming world decades back in the past for the second time That quote succinctly captures the essence of the problem with Go: it's warmed-over hash. I didn't know John C. Dvorak was still writing. It's been roughly 15 years or so since I last read any of his rants. Finally a post not all gushing about hardware, which the author points out has been commoditized and the supposed iPhone 6 released tomorrow won't have the best of anything in the hardware department. But it may be the best mobile payment platform there is and upturn the entire commerce industry. Time will tell, of course, meanwhile I enjoy reading viewpoints that aren't all gadget focused. Great idea, but I don't want another fob. If it could be made to work with a phone then this would be perfect. The abominable live feed took the lustre off everything Apple announced. It plagued them throughout the entire presentation. Apple's entire business revolves around user experience and frankly during the live feed I kept thinking to myself if you can't pull off a live feed then what makes you think you can pull off a game-changing watch? Especially in an era where nobody wears watches anymore? The entire presentation left me with the feeling that Apple has jumped the shark. Thanks to follow-up research after reading this article I now know what an ejector pin mark is, and now that I know I see them everywhere! Gah! At least with IEEE 754 you can cast as an INT and collate. Putting the exponent in the lowest bits prevents that for DEC64. What were they thinking? The article claims few eyes are looking at open source code, which is not necessarily false, however that claim must be contrasted with even fewer eyes are looking at proprietary source code. Security through obscurity is not a well-regarded practice and in fact the United States National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) recommends against it. How is this any different from SQL injection? Input from the world must be sanitized. All we're doing is increasing the scope of the word input - ALL input from the world must be sanitized. The irony being you can learn Lisp in 60 minutes. You'll just be programming the same way you've always been just now you'll be using Lisp. You won't be doing any metaprogramming, creating macros and the like but you'll be able to Get Stuff Done. You just won't necessarily be any more productive. What takes so long to learn is the Bottom-Up style of programming Lisp promotes, made even more powerful by it's homoiconicity. Paul Graham explains it here: http://www.paulgraham.com/progbot.html That ending really galled me as well and I immediately thought of this old yarn: There was an important job to be done and Everybody was sure that Somebody would do it. Anybody could have done it, but Nobody did it. Somebody got angry about that because it was Everybody's job. Everybody thought that Anybody could do it, but Nobody realized that Everybody wouldn't do it. It ended up that Everybody blamed Somebody when Nobody did what Anybody could have done At some point in time the University stopped being the place to gain knowledge and instead became a trade school to gain a job. It's a reflection of society's values: money and the things it buys is more important than knowledge. Maybe it always was and we were just kidding ourselves thinking we ever really valued knowledge. Anyway this will be interesting to see how it plays out. These are all good questions and it got me thinking - are there any job services that work similarly to a dating service? In addition to filling out the requisite skills and experience you'd also fill out a questionnaire asking questions such as these. Then it would start suggesting potential matches. I know that when I put it in my mouth, the Matrix is telling my brain that it is spicy and delicious. Glass appears to be evolving similarly as the Segway. The Segway never really caught on as unanticipated but is widely deployed in certain industry verticals. I see the same thing happening with technology like Glass. There are lots of applications spanning multiple industries where Glass is extremely useful. Whether Glass ever becomes socially acceptable is another matter. As I was reading this I wondered if the author had ever used emacs. I discovered emacs has WordStar key bindings - https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/emacs/Em... Early in my career I would say I was more of a creative perfectionist. Now I'm a pragmatist. Some people might think I've become jaded, but I don't think so and in fact I see the change as very positive and freeing. Let's just do it - you're never going to achieve perfection because your ideal of perfection is continually changing. The pragmatic approach lets you get stuff done and know that it works. You get to work and get good results. It's really a nice way to work. I worked on two Smalltalk projects in the early 90's at two different companies. Both efforts were abandoned for C++. Some of the issues we encountered at the time: * Numerical computation was too slow. Numbers used to be objects and all numerical computations followed object messaging. Ouch! This was eventually remediated but not before we'd dropped Smalltalk. * Garbage collection was S-L-O-W. Your workstation would randomly freeze 30-60 seconds. It was that bad. * The built-in windowing environment was an albatross in the early days of Windows and OS/2. Customers wanted a native look-and-feel not the weird (to them) Smalltalk window manager. * Not everyone had yet bought into object-oriented programming, much less making everything an object. This was really bizarre at the time - even code was an object. Makes sense now, but few people were thinking that way then. * It was strange. C++ seemed safer since everybody at the time knew and was comfortable with C programming. Little did we know the pitfalls awaiting us when using C++! :) In the end I think the Smalltalk experience left such a bad taste in everyone's mouth that when these issues were resolved no one was interested in going back and giving Smalltalk a second look. Nowadays Smalltalk lives on in Objective-C. In fact one the shops I was in abandoned Smalltalk for Objective-C, which is one of the few instances I know of people using Objective-C outside of the Apple ecosystem. Aren't these students effectively claiming it's too much to expect them to know basic calculus as they're about to graduate with a degree in economics? That doesn't seem like a wholly unreasonable expectation to me and if they're unable to do so then what kinds of problems are they expecting to encounter when they get jobs? Maybe student expectations could have been managed better but I wouldn't think you'd have to explain to economics students preparing to graduate that they should expect to utilize basic calculus during an exam. Yet another validation of Greenspun's tenth rule. Now if only ES6 would get proper tail recursion then we'd be all set! It doesn't seem unreasonable that the NSA working in conjunction with the CIA could place moles in various high tech firms of interest and thus obtain all the source. Following this to its logical conclusion then it's not unreasonable to assume the NSA has the source to most firmware and operating systems in use today. What the article doesn't reveal is the attack vector, how did the firmware in these drives come to be infected? You may be suffering from depression caused by a neurochemical imbalance. My daughter similarly suffered. It took a frustratingly long time to get everything sorted out but they eventually determined she had a neurochemical imbalance and then it took a frustratingly long time to develop a chemotherapy that worked. That was a little over a two years ago. Now you wouldn't recognize her because she's so happy and vibrant - very far from when she was found unconscious alongside the road as a result of an attempted suicide and taken to the hospital by a Good Samaritan. But it hasn't been easy and she couldn't have done it herself. You need friends and family to help you through this and you need to be brutally honest with them. Mental health is the least understood health issue. You're correct that thinking happy thoughts won't make the depression go away. You're correct that thinking positive thoughts won't make the depression go away. You're sick and you need medical help. It's no different from having cancer or an abscessed tooth - you're sick and you need medical assistance, and you need a patient advocate because mental healthcare in the United States is appalling. Good luck and remember you're not alone. Many people have beat this illness and you can too! The article doesn't address security. The point of Apple Pay was the merchant, who've proven themselves untrustworthy, doesn't have any of your credit card info. If Samsung Pay provides similar functionality then they may have something. I don't see how they could though without the merchant having to change their backend processing, thus destroying the ubiquity. If the Apple Watch is expected to make you use your iPhone less then why did Apple spend so much time making the iPhone larger?That doesn't make a lot of sense. My thoughts exactly, probably because we have very similar backgrounds. It's taken me years of continual effort to get my garden established. Living in an area affected by snowstorms and tornadoes I'm prepared to make it a couple of weeks in the event of a natural disaster. Preparing for the end of the world is irrational. I use a self-hosted docker registry. The good thing is the work has already been done for you! You just need to run the registry image from DockerHub. Here's the steps I used to run my registry: - Mount your storage to a local location - Pull registry image from DockerHub - docker run -p 5000:5000 -v : -e STORAGE_PATH= registry - docker push registry :5000/registry The last step pushes the registry image you retrieved from DockerHub into your own private registry. I'm running this registry on a VM using a Celerra share. Works like a champ! The documentation for the registry image I'm running can be found on GitHub: https://github.com/docker/docker-registry There are many storage options, you don't have to use local storage - there are several options for using cloud storage. Hope that helps! I'm surprised you didn't mention Java compiles to byte code which is then JITed for the processor on which you're currently executing - I don't need to recompile for every platform and I still get native performance. This has been Java's primary strength since the introduction of JIT. Even better, I don't have to use Java to create the byte code. My favorite happens to be Clojure but you have several language options to suit your needs. We've been talking about this for over forty years now and it just hit me - engineers are categorized by what they build whereas software engineers are categorized by what they build with . If you asked an engineer who's an expert at building bridges to then build a skyscraper, they're likely to have estimates that are off-base. Meanwhile in the software world we say we're Java developers or Ruby developers or Haskell developers are whatever. The field is only now starting to really mature to the point where we can start categorizing different kinds of software projects and specializing in different practices. I dunno, the shell combined with sed and awk is pretty powerful and so far has taken care of everything I need to do "The possibility to change the minimum log level required to trigger the rule seems sensible because we might want to adjust it on the fly for debugging reasons. Nevertheless, odds are we never appeal to it in practice. So, we are better off removing this setting as well." Everything was going fine until I got to this point. You can't tell when you'll need to adjust the log level on the fly and he's right in stating most likely you'll never do it, but when you need to do it you need to do it - and predicting that need is impossible. This is one of those rare things where it's better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it. Otherwise this is a good article on addressing the issue of configuration hell. Apparently Heavy Metal fans are also less likely to cheat on their significant others: http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/jazz-rap-heavy-metal... "These huge green multinationals, with budgets in the hundreds of millions of dollars, have now systematically infiltrated science," The energy companies denying anthropomorphic climate change have much larger budgets and a vested interest in convincing everyone everything is fine, there's no need to change anything, so they can continue on with their current business model. Not that that's necessarily a bad thing - after all the global climate change advocates have done a pretty good job of convincing everyone the climate is changing but what they haven't done is looked at whether the change will be net positive or net negative. The confirmation bias here is they appear to be only looking for the negative since it's assumed change is bad. Finally, the author of this article forgot to mention one anecdote not supporting his claim - the link between smoking and cancer. The omission leads me to believe he has his own agenda he's pushing, or to be polite, has his own confirmation bias. I can't up vote this enough. I've worked for three startups - two of which failed fast and the other which lingered on and was always about to "make it big." I had dropped out of college and by the time you're on your third fail and looking for a job you realize nobody cares at that point how many failed startups you've worked for and all the cool, leading-edge, things you were doing. All they care about is you don't have a degree. Don't worry though - you'll find someone to take a chance on you. After all good developers are hard to find, and they're going to underpay you anyway because you don't have a degree. That's when you're going to go back to school. Now it's going to be a lot harder than it was the first time, at least it was for me. You'll probably be married (I was). Probably have a mortgage (I did). In other words, up and quitting your job so you can become a full-time student probably isn't going to be an option. So you're going to take morning and evening classes. You're not going to have your pick of the classes either - you're going to settle for classes you need to graduate that's offered at a time you can take them. Oh and group projects are going to be a real bear. Trust me on that one. Hang in there, you'll get your degree. But it won't be all it could have been due to all the concessions you've been forced to make along the way. My own son is starting his Sophomore year in college as a Math & Computer Science double major and he's about to turn 19 in a few weeks. By the way he was 3 when I graduated - he attended my graduation. I'll give you the same advice I've given him. One, computer science isn't enough. You really need the math. Software development is much more a commodity skill than it used to be and now the key differentiator is your mathematical and analysis skills. Two, be thinking about an advanced degree, not just stopping after your undergraduate education. Three, you need to be doing internships and working on interesting problems during your education. Finally, when you graduate you'll have the skills and know-how to make a startup succeed and you'll have plenty experience to allow you to derive creative solutions to problems. Good luck! While it's nice that TCO is in the ES6 specification the fact is not one JavaScript engine implements it. Not one. The Babel transpiler implements a rather limited form of TCO, but hey, that's better than nothing. Meanwhile an alternative to TCO is to use a trampoline which I've blogged about here https://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascri... If weather is known to be a nonlinear system then doesn't it make sense that climate would be as well? Why should we expect small changes in climate inputs to have correspondingly small changes in climate results? Memoization is a good use case for currying which I blogged about - https://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/11/05/functional-javascri... So the author discovered Apple isn't the land of unicorn farts and then abruptly leaves in a huff? Sure, it sounds like he had a bad boss but neither he, nor by extension we, have learned anything from this experience. For example, did the boss favor employees and treat the contractors poorly? That'd be valuable insight. Is Apple bogged down in process? Have they not adopted agile development practices? That'd all be interesting to know. But we got nothing. More sadly, the author got nothing. All he knows is he had a bad boss at Apple and since he never gave anyone a chance to rectify the situation we have no idea if this is typical or atypical of Apple nor how Apple handles these situations. 1. James Gosling 2. Bill Joy 3. Guy Steele are why people took Java seriously and used it to solve hard problems. I'm an enterprise architect heading up our mobility practice for an American-based Fortune 200 company and we don't allowed Android devices on our network precisely for security issues. They're allowed on our guest wireless network that terminates outside our perimeter firewall, but that's it. That's not a particularly popular choice as a have a BYOMD program that's effectively restricted to Windows Mobile and iOS devices and a lot of our users have Android devices and are miffed they can't use them. We've bent over backwards in our attempts to secure Android, all to no avail. We've had Samsung onsite and worked with their Knox technology, and though that came really close it ended up not panning out for all the security cases. Google could be ceding a lot by ignoring the corporate market. Now that we're building native iOS apps guess what? We're buying lots of iMacs. Two years ago that would have been unheard of. Heck a year ago that would have been unheard of. Now here I am with a shiny new iMac on my desk and VMware Fusion to simultaneously run Windows. The story just dropped a couple of days ago that IBM is purchasing 50,000+ Macs from Apple, which also would have been unheard of a couple of years ago. I don't have an axe to grind against Android and would love for my users to be able to use their Android devices but it just isn't there. I'm really quite surprised how Google has dropped the ball in this space. My daughter is using my old 2008 aluminum MacBook daily. I've replaced the battery, swapped out the HDD for an SDD and bumped up the RAM from 2 Gb to 4 Gb. It's running Yosemite and everything is working great. Keeping my fingers crossed we can get another 2-3 years out of this machine. I had a 2006 MacBook that finally gave up the ghost a few months ago after nine years of daily use. Finally, I have an iPad 3 that's still going strong and running the latest version of iOS. I replace my iPhones every couple of years so I can't speak to their longevity. What language is used to program for this processor? I wouldn't think you'd take the same approach programming a quantum computer as you would a conventional computer. Is there a quantum computer simulator? What does the development workflow look like? How do you debug? Boy I have a lot of questions! This is why my company won't allow Chrome on their workstations - it's a security risk. As far as I'm concerned installing Chrome on your system is installing a backdoor for Google. You don't know what that next version is going to bring, what bugs and vulnerabilities it will contain. All installed for you automatically! No thanks. And 40% were running Windows XP! :) I'm glad you pointed out it was earned , it's not as though the anti-Microsoft culture came from thin air Java + NetBeans, IntelliJ, or Eclipse. This isn't the land of Microsoft, you have a choice of IDEs. I happen to prefer NetBeans, though recently I've been turned on to IntelliJ and that's been growing on me. I've never really liked Eclipse. But you know what? That's me. You might have different tastes. What's really nice is if you use Maven to manage your builds, your team members can use whatever IDE they want and everything works together. It's a great world out here! Nope. Our executives and risk management group are very much against open source. We have to jump through hoops to use any open source software. Never mind that 90% of all vendor solutions use open source. Sigh. If you need to do tail call optimization then your only choices are trampolines are Babel as I wrote about here: https://taylodl.wordpress.com/2015/08/09/functional-javascri... "This was a couple of software engineers who put this in for whatever reason," - I'm not buying it. What would be their motive compared say to VW's motive? VW has a heck of a lot more motive for falsifying emissions than do "a couple of software engineers." Even if you were to argue the engineers were somehow fearful for their jobs that's still VW's problem because they're the ones who created that work environment instilling that fear. I really expected VW to do better in handling this. Some business analysts are saying VW may be out of business within five years time. Based off this testimony I say good riddance. Whining? What a way to invalidate those disagreeing with the philosophy of systemd. The non-religious gave away 33% more; that is significant along with that level of increased altruism was consistent across all socioeconomic backgrounds. Since ES6 doesn't generally support TCO Id recommend using Babel. I wrote about Babel's ability to support TCO, and its downsides, here: Functional JavaScript – https://taylodl.wordpress.com/2015/08/09/functional-javascri... I had a 2006 Macbook just give up the ghost - but it was used (and abused) daily. I have a 2008 Macbook that I just upgraded to an SDD, a new battery, and maxed out it's memory for my daughter in a similar effort to what you're wanting to do for your son. I've already gotten 1 year out of it since doing the upgrades and I'm expecting to get at least 2 more. All told you can expect to get roughly 10 years out of a Macbook. "Microsoft will...return to what they do best: making money by creating software." Isn't that the crux of the problem, though? As software has become commoditized it's very difficult to make money by creating software. Now it's all about service - and even then it's difficult to get people to pay to use a software-only service; especially when there are (usually) free alternatives. I don't envy the position Microsoft is in. They need to pivot and it's not at all clear where they can pivot to and still maintain their substantial income stream. I've completely ditched Microsoft, mostly ditched Google, and haven't even tried to ditch Apple, yet. Of the three I think Google is the hardest to ditch entirely - and that's because of the ubiquity of YouTube. There's a lot of DIY, how-to, product information and conference videos on YouTube. I've willingly allowed myself to be lulled into the Apple ecosystem because their hardware/software combination is so good. The wife and kids also like it and yet I still retain a Unix work environment. So ditching Apple probably isn't going to happen for me anytime soon though for me personally I'm thinking when my MacBook Pro dies I'll probably replace it with a ThinkPad and run FreeBSD on it. The family will more than likely still be running Apple. If they could make the iPhone 7 water resistant AND lighter so it's less likely the screen will crack when the device is dropped - then they might be onto something. Add in wireless charging so you can charge while you listen to your iPhone then they may have a winner, or at least a compelling reason for people to upgrade! Apache and FSF have two completely different and divergent goals and it's not constructive to call them immature for that being so. The author is also vague about what Open Source has won - what has been won, exactly? As far as I'm concerned the adoption and proliferation of Apache licensing is a loss to the community because I'm philosophically aligned with the GPL, but the Apache folks feel differently and they have the right to do so. Finally, you can mix components of the two licenses together, so long as the end result is GPL licensed! ;) Yet another app I wish I could delete from my phone. I already have a feed reader app curated to get exactly what I want, thank you. Now if Apple were to come along with some AI engine scouring the internet for news and articles that I would find interesting at the moment, I'm all ears. I'd probably even pay for a service like that, though it'd better be good! As it is the News App could go bye-bye in iOS 9.3 and I wouldn't miss it. Ever work with an engineering team? Building new weapons systems? Fighter planes and the like? Just as creative an endeavor if not more so than software development yet they have schedules and budgets to meet too. And yet people's lives depend on the result. Software development can learn a lot from other engineering disciplines. Not all engineering projects are successful either. What I'm saying is there's a lot of similarities between these disciplines and so there exists a large body of knowledge and experience from which we can cull and learn. That's an adult view of things, not a kid's view. Most kids would rather stay and be a little poorer. What kids don't know is how bad things could get. They have no idea yet what it's like to live without safety nets. I've seen this with my own two eyes. When asked why they removed the unit test they said after they made some rather extensive code changes the tests were failing so they deleted them. Nor was there any trace of irony in their response. When asked didn't they realize that was the whole point of having unit tests they replied that they knew, but they had deadlines to meet and there wasn't enough time. Since controls had been put in place to not ship with failing unit tests but not to check for test coverage they took the easy way out and deleted the tests. I informed management what they had done and thankfully they were relieved of their contract and their consulting company was informed what they had done. I don't know what happened to them after that. Thing is, once the PM was informed what they had done we did a couple of sprints where we restored the unit tests (which we still had in our history) and got them passing. They had no idea the consultants were doing such shoddy work in order to meet deadlines. The upside of all this is to this day that PM now actively checks the Jenkins dashboard to see the current state of tests and that no tests have been deleted - and that's for all his projects not just that one particular projects. Now that the story is part of our IT lore the new consultants get the message loud and clear we're not afraid to send them packing. In the end this turned out to be a good story for us - but wow. I've attended several conferences and not once have I ever checked into the political advocacy of any of my session's presenters. Nor have any of my presenters ever brought up politics. I go to conferences to discuss programming, frameworks, architectures and technologies. In so doing I don't care what your political views may be, what your religious views may be, what your sexual preferences may be - I don't care about any of it. I simply enjoy connecting with other people as passionate about programming as me. Maybe that's true for list price, but it's definitely not true for my organization for negotiated price. We have ELAs in place for both Oracle and Microsoft and the upshot of it all is Oracle RDBMS is significantly cheaper for us than SQL Server. Enterprise licensing and contract negotiation is definitely a case of where YMMV. My 13 year old daughter came up to speed with emacs in a couple of hours. Now she's starting to realize she can make it into whatever she wants and make it work however she wants. She hadn't even thought about being able to program new functionality into an application. It's opened whole new worlds for her. Yes, emacs. The best possible programming environment is comprised of emacs coupled with a "lispy" language such as Common Lisp, Scheme, Racket or Clojure and the REPL to go along with it. Nerdvana. This article is dated March 6, 2014 - that's over two years ago. At this point it would be more instructive to learn how the decision to Go panned out for them? Were there any unforeseen downsides they could warn us about? Were there any unforeseen upsides one could use when assessing Go for their organization? They're in a position now where they can tell us about Go from the trenches. With the elimination of the Fairness Doctrine how can Facebook be held accountable for anything? I'm not defending Facebook's alleged actions, I'm asking how could those alleged actions be in violation of federal law? There are a host of problems that could go wrong with projects (and, in my experience, the largest problem being a lack of communication.) THIS - the lack of communication - is the biggest problem Agile solves. No, you don't have to use Agile to solve the communication problem, but I wager the solution you come up with will look a lot like Agile. And yes, Agile is no panacea and has its own downsides, but solving the communication problem is such a tremendous benefit that the downsides are often marginal. If you don't have a communication problem or a communication problem isn't the biggest obstacle to your successful delivery then perhaps Agile may offer little benefit or take you on a tangent introducing other problems while not solving your main problem. The worst thing you can do is adopt processes because everyone else is doing it. Where I work we no longer use the term 'non-functional requirements', having replaced it with the term 'operational requirements.' We discovered the business was disinterested in discussing 'non-functional' requirements but are actively engaged in discussing 'operational' requirements. It's psychology, they equated 'non-functional' with 'not important to me.' That psychology cascaded down the entire development team: project managers, lead developers, QA analysts. Everyone but architects. Now everyone is on the same page recognizing the importance of these requirements and as a result we're doing a much better job implementing them. 200 years is only a blip in human history. First the machines automated physical labor, then they started automating mental labor, and now they're even starting to automate creative labor. As a friend of mine is fond of saying, society has yet to deal with all the ramifications brought by the steam engine. And we're moving way beyond that. Education and civic knowledge are key ingredients for self governance. The current 'cool to be ignorant' era is a threat to self governance. I'm afraid we're doomed to suffer the consequences of our ignorance. History continues to repeat itself and I suppose we can take solace knowing that someday we'll realize what we lost and fight to get it back. I just hope that someday we learn it's a lot easier to keep it than it is to lose it and get it back. Then the human race will have truly evolved. It sounds pretty great to have thermostats, light bulbs, ovens, and security systems that anticipate our every move. Not to anyone using modern phones and computers. What do all these devices have in common? Bugs, glitches, hangs. Those aren't features I'm looking for in my home. We've been talking about the software crises since at least the 80's. Even if we've been able to reduce the number of defects by over an order of magnitude that progress is overshadowed by the fact software deployments have increased by several orders of magnitude and now software defects can touch every aspect of our lives. We still have a lot of work to do. Technically the Retina iMac w/27" display now support 32GB of memory, but it's not cheap. Depends on how much of the operational environment you need to run on your machine and how you're partitioning that environment. It's not unreasonable to have 3 VMs running - data tier, web tier and client tier. That's just normal app development and you can easily chew through 16 GB. If you get into the realm of developing big data analytics solutions, machine learning algorithms or VR applications, well, 32 GB is the practical starting point and 64 GB is sounding less insane. At this point though you'll start to be inhibited by Apple's relatively anemic GPU horsepower as well as the lack of RAM. Like anything it all depends on what you're doing. Lately it's been Scheme because I've been using it to teach my 14 y/o daughter how to program. I had considered teaching her JS but she already knows that a little bit and I thought the concepts she'd learn while learning Scheme would really help her in the long run regardless of what language she used. My 14 y/o daughter is having no trouble with it - in fact she asked why doesn't everyone use S-expressions? Regarding the parentheses, that's simply a non-issue. Both vim and Emacs handle the parentheses so you don't have to worry about it. Finally, the reason Lisps haven't had much traction over the past 50 years is the Von Neumann computing model proved very useful on anemic hardware and languages such as C were designed to this model. Today's hardware is forcing us to rethink our approach. That's why the Lisps, especially Clojure, have recently gained a lot of traction. You ma want to revisit these languages again. Apparently there's nothing to see here - check out this as a counterpoint: http://www.drroyspencer.com/2016/06/climate-system-scientist... I didn't realize the guy is a creationist but it is kind of ironic we have a creationist debunking a pseudoscientific climate scare story! OTOH, I know quite a few creationists who are excellent scientists and engineers. We simply have a disagreement for how this all got set into motion. Leaving schools and reputations aside what you're really asking is whether you should pursue an engineering curriculum or a liberal arts curriculum? As you might expect the answer depends on your goals, desires and interests. Regardless of which you choose you should be thinking of double-majoring, so you may let your decision for your second major help guide you. Having said that, engineering would be a good route to pursue if you were interested in embedded systems, manufacturing and industrial control systems, avionics, etc. Those fields demand a high level of engineering rigor and an engineering background would definitely be helpful. Mechanical or electrical engineering would be good double major candidates. If you're more interested in AI, graphics, algorithm analysis and the more traditional CS fare then perhaps the liberal arts school would be the better way to go. An obvious second major would be mathematics. A non-obvious second major would be philosophy, perhaps even psychology. To me the key deciding factor is your second major and which school would be best for that second major. Serious question - what's the ambient air temperature of your working environment? I have a mid 2012 MPB Retina - 1st generation. I've experienced similar problems with it, but only in the Summer. In my case this is a personal machine and is being used at home. I'm the kind of person who doesn't turn on the AC until the ambient air temperature in the house gets into the upper 80s. My MBP will have the fans a whirring and even get hot to the touch in those conditions. When I finally turn on the AC it's behavior goes back to normal. My conclusion is they don't take heat very well. Meanwhile the Macs I use at work never experience these issues since it's a climate-controlled office. As the article notes, Mr. Thiel is positioning himself to make a lot of money should Mr. Trump become president. I see this as business as usual in Washington: billionaires making deals with other billionaires to rule America. So Anonymous and WikiLeaks are now supporting a pro-Putin president? I used to think they were the good guys. Now I'm not so sure. Thanks for the link. That was very informative. Here's a thought: let's not watch the games or discuss the games. Then no one can get into any immediate legal trouble. This will force the games to go the way of the dodo bird in which case we can guarantee we won't get into any legal trouble over the long term. Shouldn't be hard to do, right?! I give Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance to High School graduates. It's a good book for that time in a person's life. "Women want a way to keep the toilet and bathroom floor free of splashing urine, and so does Mrs. Wiener." Mrs. Weiner. That got me chuckling like a 12 year-old boy! Yes. By learning to touch type you can keep your eyes focused on what you're writing rather than split between the screen and keyboard. I learned to touch type in my mid twenties. A friend convinced me of the benefits. He swore that I would lose productivity for only a couple of weeks. He was right. For the first 2-3 weeks I could not type as fast and had to force myself to not revert to my old ways. Which was really hard. But it paid off. Now I type and never look at the keyboard, staying fully focused on the code/text I'm producing. Highly recommend it. Put your energy into ending the discrimination now before you too are affected by it. Exactly. Older folks whose kids are self-sufficient are able to focus their time and energy into their work - even more so than twenty-somethings who are still wrapped-up in life's dramas associated with being young. And they have a lot of experience to boot. There are certainly plenty of rumors around an imminent Macbook announcement and some of the expected features: http://www.businessinsider.com/apple-macbook-pro-2016-rumors... Ports I've used: * Thunderbolt * USB * HDMI That's it! All my music is on my iPhone so I never listen to music on my MPB so I've never used the audio jack. Having said that, unlike the iPhone, I don't really see what's to be gained by removing the audio jack. Especially as some folks have pointed out they use the digital optical out to go into a DAC and then into their headphones. That's not how I work but having the audio jack there to support them for that doesn't hurt me any. In fact I would argue that's the case for all the ports I don't use: it's a PRO machine. It needs to be able to handle all kinds of diverse scenarios not applying to me. Let the MBA be the razor-thin, portless machine and leave the MBP alone. "The future of tech belongs to the young upstarts." Somehow the author missed the fact Apple was a 26 year-old company when it began its so-called "revolutionary era." The device I'd keep my eyes on is the Apple Watch: all the pieces have yet to fall in place though with the introduction of the AirPods we're getting a glimpse of where they're headed. Pay attention so you don't miss the revolution happening right under your nose. You, sir, know what you're talking about. The jury is definitely out on brownfield and so far Amazon doesn't seem interested in that space. Which means there's a helluva lot of market left up for grabs. Standard protocol applies: wait 90 days after GA and assess if it's time to upgrade. There should be one or two minor updates by then. Mars is a planet of robots and I suspect that will be the case for a very long time. Robots will have colonized Mars long before we join the party. If you want to use a Lisp for scripting, embedding it into an application and having great interoperability with C then you also have Guile Scheme ( https://www.gnu.org/software/guile/ ) as an option. I don't have comparative benchmarks but I've never had any issues with its performance. Being as it's early in the morning and I'm still blurry-eyed, I thought the headline read 'Robot Can Do More Push-Ups Because It Swears.' Now that would have been an interesting article to have read! Is it too much to ask to wait until we get the actual machines in our hands and use them for 30 days before deciding our verdict? Maybe they suck. Maybe they don't. Exactly. Just like SystemD. It's caused me to walk away from Linux and on to BSD. Lock-in can happen even in non-proprietary, non-vendor scenarios. The moral of the story is you always need to be prepared to move on. A lack of good project documentation should be treated as technical debt and handled accordingly How about we start with ending daylight saving time and see how that goes, hmmm? Yet another reason to avoid Microsoft rather than embrace them. Since Apple is partnered with IBM why wouldn't they explore using Watson as a backend for Siri? I want my photos local, under my control. I don't have an issue with using the cloud to ease distribution of my photos to all the devices on which I want to view them, but I want a local repository having all my photos - which I will also keep backed up. FWIW, I feel the same way about music, too. Amen! Google "apple sierra battery life issues" and you'll find people reporting similar battery issues after upgrading to Sierra. This affirms the article's assertion this points to problems with power management. Overall though Apple has no excuse. The entirety of their value proposition lies in the fact they control the entire computing experience: software and hardware. People have already been questioning the hardware, MB Pro 16, and now the software, Mac OS Sierra, is starting to look suspect as well. I'm starting to think the critics may be right, Apple is starting to lose their mojo. Cook and crew had better be careful because once it's lost it's very hard to get back. VR - virtual reality, isn't really all that interesting outside of gaming/simulation and training. AR - augmented reality, is where the real money-making opportunities lie. Lots of companies have field services/technicians who would benefit greatly from AR. It's not hard to see the transportation and distribution sectors also benefitting. Even healthcare. The upshot of it all being AR is where the action is, not VR. In fact my company is exploring doing that for underground wiring. We're also looking into technicians going into a transmission substation and when looking at the equipment it's overlayed with voltage and temperature gauges with a link to access service manuals. I haven't upgrade to Sierra but have started having Safari issues after the last El Capitan update. Same you're having - peg out the CPU and bring the computer to a standstill. Once I even had to power off the machine to get things back under control. I've never had to do this before in my 11 years of running MacBooks. I'm getting really concerned with Apple's overall quality. Their competitive advantage has always been they control the entire computing experience from the software to the hardware and they're starting to blow it. I hope they make adjustments before this gets out of hand. Why do we need this? We've already had Frege ( https://github.com/Frege/frege ) filling this role for roughly three years now. Seems to me the DRY principal doesn't just apply to personal projects but to public works as well. Should be retitled 'Peter Thiel believes 'age of smartphone innovation' is over. It's a mature product category and you'll be seeing diminishing returns on future investments. Right now this seems like a reasonable statement as we've witnessed the pace of innovation dramatically decrease. Refresh cycles are lengthening and overall sales are slowing. Meanwhile Apple is making a ton of money in that product category and are likely to remain doing so for the foreseeable future. If you want an analog music medium then reel-to-reel tape is king. There's nothing like it and its sound is unparalleled. You can even use reel-to-reel for creating echo and delay musical effects. I believe the same fate awaits VR headsets. AR (augmented reality) has the potential to be be the game changer, especially AR contacts, whenever they become available! Protests take time to organize and legal challenges take time to go through the courts. Meanwhile Trump is machine gun firing executive orders. As far as checks and balances are concerned, both the executive branch and both chambers of the legislative branch are Republican. So it falls to the judicial branch to provide those checks and balances and as I said earlier, legal challenges take time. The biggest mistake we can make at this time is to give up hope and become apathetic in fighting for our ideals. We need to remember it's darkest before the dawn. Felix looks like an awesome programmer! :) It's small and quiet. Quite nice for a living room machine. It's also rackable so you can put them in your data center and use them as an iOS build server. It's odd the Mac Mini can fill both of these divergent niches but such is the Mac Mini - it's a niche machine. Seems to me Apple and Google should be working on "roaming profiles." You can reset your phone to factory settings, or even get a rental phone at your destination, and then quickly restore it from your profile. After all it's the data you're interested in, not the device per se. That's the purpose fulfilled by advocacy groups such as the ACLU. I don't know those passwords because I use a password management solution allowing me to use very strong gobbledygook passwords. Access to my password management solution is bio-locked on a device I don't have presently. I began my career at startups (my office was the dining room!) and am now working for a Fortune 200 company. Startups are great at the beginning of your career because you play so many roles: developer, architect, product line manager, marketing manager, etc. The problem is this period in a startup's life is short-lived: traditional roles are quickly established and the defending of turf begins. So you're not going to avoid politics for long. On the upside by being small you can move very fast, that is until you're successful. Success tends to be an albatross - management becomes reticent to change things. Big companies have some advantages people don't often think about. They have the financial wherewithal to invest in new technologies and methodologies. They can also afford to send you to conferences and interact with your colleagues. Yes they move slower, but success doesn't become an albatross - they keep moving. It's the classic tortoise and the hare story. Another thing you may want to consider is advancement. You tend to advance faster at startups and can attain more responsibility. That allows you to transfer in to a higher position in a big company later down the line. The fastest way to advance at a big company is to go to a smaller company, advance, and come back. Depending on your career goals you may or may not be interested in this aspect. As a subscriber I can attest that YouTube is an awful platform. Your subscriptions stop appearing on your home page, apparently unless you're checking in on a daily basis. So if it's not creating the content creator's needs and it's not supporting the subscriber's needs then who's needs are being served? Is Google the only entity benefiting from this? iPhones have "blown up" before. The problem Samsung had was several units of the device started going "up in smoke." If that starts to happen with the iPhone 7 then that'll be a different story but so far this is an isolated incident. Though as I wrote this I got to thinking if Apple does start experiencing more widespread issues then that might help pinpoint the issues Samsung was having. To my knowledge their engineers have never determined the root cause - which doesn't exactly instill confidence in consumers. I addressed a lot of these concerns in my blog post on Maintenance Driven Development. https://taylodl.wordpress.com/2012/07/21/maintenance-driven-... Yes, fine-grained tests are problematic and as such one tends to desire to minimize the creation of such tests as much as possible. But when bugs are discovered then it may be necessary to create fine-grained tests in that affected area. Essentially what you're doing is the most extensive testing in the area of your code giving you the most problems. If you notice a particular area of your code requiring a lot of extensive unit tests then perhaps it's time to consider refactoring that code. Yes, average life expectancy was dramatically lower than now but that's because of childhood diseases. Generally, if you made it to your 20s you'd make it to your 60's. But boy did all those children dying wreck the average life expectancy calculation! I work in downtown Columbus, Ohio, USA and live 9 miles away from work. My commute is 20 minutes in peak traffic. Thing is I park in a garage that's a block away from my office and by the time I take the stairs to the ground floor of the garage (I usually park on the sixth floor), walk the block to the building and then take the elevator to the 25th floor I've added another 10-15 minutes. So it's 30-35 minutes total for me. There are some regulations for software. I work for a U.S.-based electric power utility that owns and operates a nuclear power generating station. There are most definitely regulations addressing the software used in the operation of that facility. But that's an extreme case. More generally, I see programming as a skilled trade and not an engineering practice. In my worldview programming is akin to carpentry, plumbing, electrical work, etc. Yes, one needs an aptitude for the job and some technical training - maybe even an apprenticeship - but by and large we should see programming as a skilled trade. Viewed in that context Peter Thiel's comments about education make sense - we don't insist plumbers and carpenters get 4 year degrees to practice their trade, so why do we insist that for programmers? For software projects whose failure would cause tremendous harm to the public, either physically or financially, then I could see having a certified software engineer oversee the construction of that system. I don't see this as any different than how we build buildings. Certified engineers/architects design the building, review the design and inspect each stage of the build process and final result while tradesmen build the building. This model prevents us from overcorrecting and insisting all programmers become certified engineers - that's not necessary. Like Steffan said, this is old news. If it's easy for people to get physical access to your machine - which is the case for a laptop - then you should encrypt the disk. I don't know the reasons why Apple doesn't do this by default (legacy? performance?) but they don't. The absolute poor have always had coverage in America, simply because they cannot afford any doctors bills that are issued to them That is patently false. I have seen people die due to a lack of insurance. Die. Dead. In America, because they couldn't get the treatment they needed. I've also seen the difference in care provided to those with insurance and those without. My own mother is a primary example. She fell down a set of stairs at work and busted up her ankle really bad. This happened just after my father had passed away and she wasn't yet eligible for Medicare. She couldn't walk, there was an obvious infection setting in and she was in extreme pain. The hospital's plan was to provide her a set of crutches, some pain killers and send her on her way. Then they caught word it was going to be covered by Workman's Comp. Once they verified the Workman's Comp claim number everything changed. Suddenly they were treating the infection. Suddenly they realized they needed to do surgery on the ankle or she'd likely never walk again (when I said it was busted, it was really, really busted). So after the whole ordeal was over my mom was asking a nurse about the difference in care when she didn't have insurance and when she had a Workman's Comp claim to bill to. The nurse told her point blank that by law they have to do the minimal treatment for what's likely to kill you within 48 hours. The infection? Would have likely turned to gangrene. They would have done an emergency amputation to save her life (cheap and easy). The surgery? She likely would have never walked again. Now she's fine like nothing ever happened. While Obamacare certainly has its warts and we can debate what's needed to replace it, please stop saying the poor have healthcare in America. The sad reality is they don't. These are the problems deed restrictions take care of, not HOAs. And I'll add: strive to never create such code yourself. You are 100% correct that everyone says old code is badly written and has zero documentation. So is the code we're writing today. Once you realize that you'll have become enlightened and will be a better programmer for the rest of your years. Memories. I remember playing around with Slackware in 1995/96 and being amazed at how much computing you got - for free. I remember the consensus at the time being "this is too good to be true, there's no way this is going to last." Now here we are 20+ years later and odds are if it has a processor then it's running Linux. Amazing. "I wrote this post because I often find myself justifying my use of Sublime Text to Vim and Emacs users. They often look down on Sublime users as people who haven’t put in the effort to learn a real power user’s text editor." This is the real problem. You don't owe anyone any explanation for the text editor you use. Personally, I'm an emacs man. I know lots of people who prefer vim. Some prefer Sublime Text. Some even prefer TextPad Pro. That's fine. That's their business and at the end of the day what I care about is their code, not the editor they're using to hack on it. If people get frustrated with their editor and ask what I'm using, then I'll tell them about emacs. But I'll also tell them emacs isn't for everyone. To wit, in the case the author mentioned of finding other files in his project I'll either use dired or open an emacs shell window and use find . This is a great workflow for me. Others would find it abhorrent. To each their own - and that is the point! I can't find any details of the accident. Every headline is the same - Uber self-driving vehicle involved in Arizona crash. You read the article - and no details whatsoever. So why bother reporting it? The news isn't that the accident happen, but why it happened. Why the downvote? Because Apple-bashing is all the rage right now on HN. Even if Apple were to achieve "five nines" glitch-free manufacturing, which is very hard to do, there'd still be problems with 1 in 10,000 units sold. And that's considered excellent quality. I used to work in the hardware space. Software people don't often appreciate you can't simply crank out perfect replicas of a design. Is this newsworthy? Teens still want to grow up and be rock stars. That dream goes back to the 1950's at least. What would be more interesting to know is if this apparent misalignment is worse than any other time or is this the same-old, same-old misalignment of teenage dreams and reality? It goes beyond bracing for pain. We'd better be bracing for extinction. And our iPhones and supermarkets won't save us, only our ingenuity will and we now have an administration not much interested in that. This does not bode well for us. I really wish we could debate things. On the one hand, I certainly see why the technology companies don't want to create "back doors" into their messaging services. That makes those services insecure and leaves their uses vulnerable to hackers and nefarious government agencies. On the other hand, if a government comes forth with a court-issued search warrant then it seems reasonable that technology companies should be able to assist - even if it's just metadata indicating who they were corresponding with and when (for a well-defined data range as specified in the warrant). Everyone has legitimate concerns in this discussion but if we don't have this debate then I'm afraid governments are going to take the heavy-handed approach and create mandates serving their interests but none of ours. There's one way to deal with these "jerks" - cite them as the reason you're leaving. Too many people don't want to "burn bridges" when leaving and so they talk about new opportunities and blah, blah, blah rather than being truthful and saying they can't get along with this person. If you don't want to burn a bridge then you can be insightful and say you just can't seem to get along with that person, cite the effort you've made in trying to do so, whether you went to your manager, or what have you and that you just couldn't make it work and that as a result the working conditions weren't the best you thought they could be and that as a result you're looking for opportunities elsewhere. You don't have to be mean. You don't have to be nasty. You don't have to throw anyone under the bus. After all, sometimes it's just personality clashes. But if HR receives enough honest feedback like this then they may conclude no, it's not the people who left, it's that person - they're a jerk and we need to deal with them. Now everyone is better prepared to identify the jerk more quickly the next time around. Bottom line - all jerks are a drag on a company and none of them are necessary. They're a net negative asset whom you're better off without. This "pilot wife" provided a better response than United's CEO. That's the real story here: it's how United has handled this unfortunate event. The networks take away FANG's bite with live sports, which are about the only thing I care to watch anymore. We're learning a lot by sending robots to Mars. What we need to be doing is getting NASA hooked up with Boston Dynamics to get even better robots to Mars. While we're doing that we need to be working on dramatic improvements to the ISS to make it a waypoint to a lunar base. Then we need a shuttle(s) going between the ISS and the lunar base. Once we have that in place I think we can talk about going to Mars. North Korea has no nuclear program. Period end. Next issue please. Seriously. Iran's nuclear program poses a much greater threat to the United States and its interests. Trump wants North Korea because he foolishly believes he can amp up his dismal approval ratings and he believes the United States hasn't much to lose. That makes him wrong on two counts. That's actually my point. Iran's nuclear program doesn't pose a serious threat to the United States proper, though it threatens our interests in the Middle East. North Korea poses even less of a threat. COBOL has been "dying" since the late 70s. Since that time I have seen several languages and platforms come and go. Where I work our core application driving the business is written in COBOL. Estimates are between $500 million to $1 billion dollars to replace it due to the number of systems interacting with it and all the business processes affected by it. For that kind of money the business wants a technology they can hang their hat on for twenty to thirty years. So what are you going to choose? What languages and platforms in widespread use today are going to be around in twenty to thirty years? Here's what I think it will be: C, C++, Java and COBOL Hmmm. COBOL is in that list. So if I think COBOL will still be around in twenty to thirty years and the system is working fine now then what reasons do I provide to the business for spending $500 million to $1 billion for the upgrade? Yeah - I can't think of any either that warrants that kind of expenditure. So COBOL remains. Hassle-free computing. That's the appeal - all of the power and functionality with none of the hassles. * Not forced to upgrade * Yet can upgrade when I want to * Don't have the antivirus crap to contend with * Don't have a bunch of trial ware installed * You can reasonably expect an 7-10 year lifespan with performance being just like the day you first brought it home * Time capsule * Time capsule + migration assistant means I now have a computing environment spanning over a decade. And it works as well as it did on day one. * Keychain. Add it to iCloud and password management is a thing of the past. * Effortless photo/music syncing amongst myriad of devices. * Logic Pro/GarageBand. Great for amateur musicians and much cheaper than what's available on Windows for the same features. * Unix. Home-brew is a great package manager. Obviously these don't apply to everyone. But these are the reasons I like MacBooks and iPhones. Other people love their Android phones and Windows machines. C'est la vie. What not just use jq? https://stedolan.github.io/jq/ Interesting - especially the using the mouse/trackpad part. They're going to want pro tablets. Some of those two year olds of yore are now seven - and elementary schools in the U.S. are still very tablet focused. It'll be interesting to see what happens in four or so years when they start middle school and are expected to use traditional laptops. Funny - my first thought on seeing the name 'pigz' was the parallel decompression algorithm put 'gzip' in the wrong order! Rust has two huge things going for it: 1. C-based lineage 2. Designed for industry use Haskell has become the "nights and weekends" language. People are using it on pet projects outside of work and they're arguably becoming better programmers for having done so. Rust though is in the C family of languages, for which nearly every developer has familiarity, and was designed for larger project teams to collaborate and maintain large projects. Add in Rust's memory management strategy and it's not requiring a VM (unlike Java/C#) so it runs fast in a Docker container and you have a winner. To me a more interesting question to ask, because the answer isn't nearly as clear-cut, is whether Rust or Go will be used more in industry? Oh good grief. At 30 you're just getting started . By that time you're able to separate the wheat from the chaff and spot bullshit a mile away. As far as contributing to open source I contribute fixes and minor enhancements to the projects I actually use. I don't go looking for an opportunity to contribute I just use something and notice "that ain't quite right" and look into what the problem is and then contact the author. Sometimes the author requests my proposed fix, other times they don't as they have something else planned. Anyway I recently turned fifty and I'm still going strong. It's his prerogative as to whether he wants to speak at LambdaConf just as it is my prerogative as to whether I want to attend LambdaConf. To each their own. What I find disturbing is the reason. When I attend conferences I don't care about the speakers' political beliefs. No, I'm not going to seek them out in the bar but I wouldn't avoid their session either. I'm more concerned what I can learn from them in a technical sense then I am about their political views. Maybe I'm old-school but I don't think it's healthy to allow politics to color everything in your life. That's my $0.02 anyway. "Despite the apparent failures of the abstinence approach to sex ed, half of all states now embrace it, and the trend shows no sign of abating." That's because today lawmaking is devoid of facts. It's all about ideology, i.e. what I want to believe will happen whether it happens or not, than about reason to measure and analyze what happens and modify our approach accordingly. This is the essence of Dark Age thinking. She accuses a commenter, a feminist merely pointing out there's bigger problems to tackle, of microaggression. Move along, there's nothing to see here. Ssssh! Don't let the facts confuse this person's perception of reality! Sometimes tools even create problems as many tools require frequent care and feeding or make assumptions about workflows that either don't apply to your organization or crosses difficult organizational political boundaries. I'm fond of saying solutions boil down to people, processes, tools/technologies and the tools/technologies are the easy part. Perhaps there's still an opportunity to provide this service - for it presents a really unique business opportunity: * Apple gets to see how its youngest customers, and future purchasers, interact with their products. How are they actually being used? What are the real frustrations? * Apple can provide educational services. Music, art, mathematics, engineering - it can go a long way to making these kids life-long learners. * Bonus points for having a pediatrician on staff. No need to take time off for a sick kid. * After school care with pickup from local schools would be a huge benefit. Imagine your children being picked up from school and brought to an engaging environment where they can learn and play? * Ditto for a summer program. Taking care of daily life issues go a long way to proving peace of mind and allowing one to focus and engage fully while at work. That's why so many companies provide food service, laundry service, workout/health facilities, etc. I'm thinking there's a huge opportunity here. That ship has done sailed. American firms have learned what makes sense to offshore and what doesn't. Hence the carnage. Currying is also a means for adapting a function for memoization. I blogged about this a while back: https://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/11/05/functional-javascri... All you can get with a question like this are anecdotes. Anecdotally speaking, my team is adopting more MacOS devices. Not that I really care. What's more interesting to me is what you're building rather than the computers with which you're building it unless your computer is something really off-the-wall such as a tablet or a cloud-based desktop. That would be interesting. But the question of Windows/Linux/MacOS? Who cares? That's a boring discussion. When I think of constraint-based problems I think of Prolog. A web search revealed several Prolog solutions to the bus scheduling problem. These solutions were all easier to read and understand than the imperative solution presented in this article. I then got to wondering if anyone had solved this problem using miniKanren. If they have, I couldn't find it or no one has ever posted such a solution. At the risk of sounding obvious, simple programs are simple to create whereas complex programs are exponentially more complex to create. Add in more people with more complex communication paths amongst the team and your complexity may easily transcend what's feasible. The biggest problem is inexperienced developers and project managers can't recognize the complexity spiraling out of control beforehand but rest assured when it happens the coding is not "fun"! My home actually needs a new roof and I thought I'd check into a solar roof. This doesn't make any sense for me. I need $100K in up-front costs and am relying upon $24K of tax savings (which are volatile and can change at any time) to realize $800 of net savings over 30 years. Looks like I'm going to stick with asphalt. :( I'd be really interested in learning how others fare. I imagine this is going to be highly dependent on your locale and the kind of home you have. I have a ranch home in Columbus, Ohio with a roof surface area of 3,400 sq ft. It's not the end of the app economy, it's just the app economy is in the long tail mode now. Every obvious app that's going to have wide appeal has already been created. Now it's about filling in the niches. Though there's fewer users in the market for a niche app I'd wager they'd be much more willing to pay for it - so paradoxically there may be more money to be had in these niche apps. For example, I'm a musician and I'll drop $10 on a niche app without batting an eye. "Cultural centrality of Silicon Valley" ?! Excuse me, who's culture? Most of us in the field don't care about Silicon Valley and nearly no one outside the field cares. Sounds like someone needs to get out of their bubble. I simply don't see Donald Trump, Michael Pence, Mitch McConnell or Paul Ryan getting on board with the idea of Universal Basic Income. It looks too much like welfare and goes against their sensibilities that people must work for an income. UBI will never gain traction in the United States so long as these men or men of their ilk are wielding power. I liked Gorf and the classic Zork. I don't disagree with you, I just don't think the Republican leaders are going to see it that way. In their worldview capitalism is the answer to all economic problems and so it's going to be very difficult for them to see capitalism as being the source of problems. They're going to be very suspicious of anyone suggesting there's problems with capitalism and view it as some sort of socialist plot. It's not obvious to me how we're going to get them to see things differently. That's a shame. I really enjoy getting out of the office, walking someplace good to eat and getting some fresh air. I find I'm reinvigorated for the afternoon. Even when I don't go out I go to the company cafeteria - at least I'm getting a change of scenery and oftentimes have engaging conversations with folks outside of my immediate team. Having lunch at my desk is the worst - I feel as I've been cheated: no change of scenery, no social engagement, no unplugging from the machine, no re-invigoration. No thanks. First question: do they want to learn to code, because if they do then they already have something in mind that they'd like to be able to do. That'll go a long way in determining where to start. Not to mention that an approach useful for a 5 year old may not be so great for a 12 year old. If Scratch is going well and your 9-year-old is enjoying it, then I'd stick with it. You've already won half the battle. I just searched for 'using scratch for games' that returned a lot of interesting results. This is one of the results that looks like kids would find interesting: http://www.programmingbasics.org/en/downloads/scratchgames/ The question to ask is whose interests are being served? Why has the United States funded NATO for so long? Like you say, it's not like this is a new issue. So what's changed? This isn't a very convincing argument, being devoid of any data. To wit there are: * 167,740 taxi drivers and chauffeurs * 834,780 light or delivery service truck drivers * 1,550,930 heaver and tractor trailer trucker drivers * 606,990 automotive mechanics That's 3.16 million people who would be affected. I couldn't even get a count of the number of auto dealerships, much less the number of auto sales people. My assumption is once self-driving cars come to pass a large number of people are going to stop owning cars and simply hail a self-driving car when needed. I'm also assuming self-driving cars are going to be all-electric cars and therefore have a 1,000,000 mile life expectancy with far fewer visits to the mechanic due to its simpler design and far fewer parts. Since I believe people will largely stop owning their own cars then cars will be purchased in fleets so there won't be as much need for auto dealerships. Finally, this isn't even taking into consideration that with less car ownership comes decreased demand for auto insurance and its agents. Not to mention claims adjustors, auto body workers, car washes, auto parts retailers, etc., etc., etc. Mark Andreessen addresses none of this. Just a bunch of hot air and hand-waving. Edit: data obtained from Wolfram Alpha No, Trump is most emphatically not a democratically-elected leader, and I'm not just splitting a hair. The "technicality" alistproducer2 mentions is the electoral college, a process whereby the person getting the most votes, i.e. Hillary Clinton, does not necessarily become president. What people have proposed is dispensing with the electoral college so that we may have democratically-elected leaders. But, as with most things in politics, it's not quite as simple as that since the United States is a Federal Republic. It really depends on what you're doing. If you're programming a sequence of actions against a collection like this example depicts then the threading macros visualize the processing pipeline. If instead you're reusing functionality via function composition then the "traditional" notation makes that obvious. Which form should be utilized then depends on which form makes it more obvious what you're doing. You are correct - any voting process will sometimes produce results you don't like. I simply took umbrage with nostrademon's assertion that Trump was democratically-elected. Your comment that the founding fathers thought that "true" democracy was more likely to produce bad results is duly noted, that's why they setup the electoral college in the first place, even though today's electoral college has been perverted from its original intent. Sigh. That's part of why this problem is so complex! I'd be interested in seeing the power load of these visualizations - are they a battery drainer? ES5 was supposed to have tail call elimination too, until it didn't. Now it's been pushed off to ES6 and it's looking like it's not going to happen there, either. So we're still stuck using trampolines (I explain trampolines here: https://taylodl.wordpress.com/2013/06/07/functional-javascri... ). If you want your JavaScript to look closer to scheme then use ClojureScript. I must be in the minority, but I refuse to use freemium applications (those relying on in-app purchases to complete their functionality). My attitude is if you don't think your app is worth anything - I agree. Look, I'll walk into a Starbucks and spend $3 on something I'm going to consume in 30 minutes without even batting an eye. If you think your software is worth less than that then it probably doesn't warrant my time to check it out. I'm willing to concede I'm in the minority - but I'll also point out this goes a long way toward explaining why the quality of indy mobile apps is so abysmal. Indeed it does and your friend has provided a valuable service - they've searched and reviewed the app for you. This applies to free and paid-for applications. I've had apps I've recommended to friends where it turns out they were looking at the app but wondered whether it was worth $4.99. After seeing it they happily paid the $4.99. I ribbed them about their reluctance to pay the $4.99, given the cost of their daily Starbucks habit, and essentially what they responded was they're accustomed to apps being bad, but free. They're suspicious that paid-for apps are just as bad, but not free. This is anecdotal, but if it represents the attitude of the user community at-large then it goes a long way to explaining the state of apps today: no one is expecting them to be any better than they are. You've never tried a new restaurant or a new dish? Sometimes the fun in life is not knowing exactly what you're going to get. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. This is only true for things costing small sums of money. Shelling out $5-$10 for a new drink at Starbucks or a new dish at a restaurant and not being completely happy with the result is no big deal. Shelling out $25K for a new car and not being completely happy with the result is a big deal. My question then is why are we treating mobile apps like new cars when they're priced (or as I'm arguing - should be priced) like new coffee drinks? I'm no economist, but I think a nominal fee for apps would have a huge impact on the app store. Reviews will be more honest and as such the crap will sink much faster and the cream will rise much faster. It would then be much easier to find good apps, apps that no one would think twice about paying a nominal purchase price. That's my $0.02's worth anyway! >you realize that most people don't do this right? Whoa...are you serious? I hope you're not right but now I'm afraid you might be. If you're right then people are much more boring than I'd thought. We're living in different worlds. Everyone I know avoids franchises and seeks out the mom and pop shops. Why settle for known mediocrity when you have the chance to get something great? And for those times when greatness is decidedly not achieved, well, you have to expect some lumps on the road to greatness. You're telling me most people don't think this way? Especially in virtually risk-free situations? Wow. Thing is if you're solving a problem you know actually exists and isn't some imagined problem gleaned from a brainstorming activity people will pay for it. Far too often what I've seen is people pitching solutions to problems they imagine I have. The border patrol agents continually harass the volunteers and thwart their attempt to provide humanitarian aid. The camps have been very cooperative in getting the individuals they aid to the proper authorities once they've been restored to health. They have no ability or desire to house these migrants in their camps for any length of time. Thing is, border patrol knows this yet they continue to harass these aid workers who are simply saving lives and getting people to the help they need. And the ancient Greeks executed Socrates for "corrupting the youth." How was he corrupting the youth? By making them think. Scandalous! At least we won't have to be concerned by Jerry Falwell Jr and Betsy DeVos "corrupting the youth"! I don't use IE, but I don't use Chrome either and refuse to use Chrome. Why I refuse to use Chrome isn't the point of this response, the point is there are reasons why I refuse to run Chrome and if you make it so your site is only accessible via Chrome then I won't be visiting your site. What I just said about Chrome could be said for any browser, a lot of people have different reasons for not running certain browsers on their system. To generalize it's a bad idea to make your site accessible only via a specific browser. Said another way, Turkey's Minister of Educatiom claims science is too controversial to teach to children in the schools. They'll stick to fairy tales instead. I have a couple of resources for you: http://www.commandlinefu.com http://www.shell-fu.org What happened to the concerns of Jigsaw breaking Maven builds? ARKit looks impressive but the proof of the pudding is in the taste. We'll see what we can do with it when we get our hands on it. Meanwhile I suppose it's fortuitous my wife needs a new iPad! I would argue that 21% of Windows users are saying they'll consider getting a Mac, not necessarily plan on switching. Apple might be able to get 10% of those considering to switch (a SWAG) which means they might capture 2% of the Windows market. That seems much more reasonable. If you want ritual then may I suggest reel-to-reel tape? You get ritual and awesome sound. If we're going to bring back analog then let's at least bring back good analog! Where do these critical thinking skills to detect bullshit come from? Look at all the bullshit we inherited from Aristotle. No one even thought to think it was bullshit until people came along and said "let's see" and actually started performing experiments and thus introducing the Scientific Age. Ask any small child which will object will fall faster: a 10 Kg weight or a 5 Kg weight and they'll unanimously say the 10 Kg weight. So not only are we dealing with anthropological biases we're also dealing with logic: not all bullshit can be shown to be bullshit. One of the most famous examples is my assertion there's a teapot orbiting the Sun between the orbits of Earth and Mars. You say that's bullshit. Now I say prove it's bullshit, prove there isn't a teapot orbiting the Sun between the orbit of Earth and Mars! You can't. You can't prove that's bullshit. It's at this point you may realize the tables have been subtly turned against you. You see, I made the assertion there's a teapot orbiting the Sun between Earth and Mars. It's not on you to prove that's bullshit, it's on me to provide evidence of my assertion. So, if you are 100% confident that it is bullshit, what is there to lose? Everything. Edit: changed 'You say' to 'You see' One of the advantages of being an older developer is not only have we seen every technology coming and going - and have a deep understanding of what new tech is likely to stick around a while - but we've also seen every office politics scenario as well. We know the technology and we know the system. Please cut it out with pretending the poor prefer to buy a cellphone instead of health care. The most expensive phone on the market, the iPhone, costs less than one month of health insurance premiums. And most poor people aren't using iPhones - most are using Androids they bought for a few bucks on a plan. That is to say, a modern smartphone costs the same as a landline phone of yore. That's not even getting into the whole discussion of their smartphone is typically the only computer they have. Try navigating our healthcare system without a phone or a computer. Good luck with that. This reminds me of the old saying "if you don't have time to do it now what makes you think you'll ever have the time to do it later?" Excellent example of the fallacy of appeal to authority. Yes, these people are rich. Yes, these people are smart. Yes, these people are famous. But no, these people haven't provided any evidence that we're actually living in a simulation. It's a popular theory currently in the world of physics and several physicists are trying to find evidence - that's true - but so far they have been unable to do so. The fact Mr. Musk believes we're living in a simulation does nothing to make that so. I agree. The problem isn't 'women in tech', it's more like 'assholes in tech' caused by some perverse glorification of Asperger syndrome (not to disparage those truly suffering from Asperger's.) It wasn't this way when I started my career in the mid 80's but somewhere along the way things have gone haywire. Exactly - YAGNI essentially says you don't need TODOs littering your code. You can cross that bridge if and when you get there. Your disclaimer is interesting. What's more useful than a code base littered with potentially useless TODOs is a codebase containing an explicit set of assumptions agreed upon by the product stakeholders, product owner and implementation team. Then when some aspect of that implementation was influenced by one of those assumptions, say your n=200 and the assumption was n kind. It's not about reducing the complexity, it's about changing the kind of complexity to that which humans are better-equipped to handle. As you say this is the holy grail for non-programmers, which is to say it'll completely redefine what we call "programming." Checkout the College of Wooster. My son is double majoring in mathematics and computer science and I've been really impressed with the quality of their program. It's called a labor market. Currently the demand is outstripping the supply (more demand for developers than there are developers) and so the cost of the product (labor) is rising. The rising costs (wages) should encourage more folks to become developers and thus stabilize, or even lower, the wages. But as it turns out, it's not that easy to become a good developer so it's been difficult to increase that supply to meet the demand and this has been the case for forty years now - so I wouldn't worry about this being a "bubble" that's about to burst. You might enjoy Slaughterhouse-Five by Kurt Vonnegut. What a bunch of garbage. The article pivots from stating that the 10x developer doesn't exist to then implicitly accepting that they do exist and why you should avoid hiring them! That'd be like a rock band saying "nah, we don't need Eddie Van Halen for our guitarist. Joe here who just finished guitar boot camp is good enough." Yeah, right. That's not to say that rock star developers aren't often prima donnas and toxic to your culture - thus negating all their supposed advantages. That's true. It's also true that a lot of rock star developers don't come with this toxicity. But to use that to claim that the 10x developer doesn't exist is being dishonest. I've provided this feedback to others at IBM with no apparent change, so let's see how this goes with you. First off, I work for a Fortune 200 firm who's executives are intrigued by the capabilities Watson can provide for our business. We've had three different Watson engagements for three different business units and three different usage scenarios - none of them came to fruition. The problem is IBM is unable to deliver a Watson project template. Project managers live by the 80/50 rule - when 50% of the project's funds are spent you'd better be 80% complete with your project's features. How do you know where you are with regards to the completion of a Watson project? How do you know you're on the right track? How do you know when to scrap what you have and start over? IBM sends out a team for each of the engagements to work with the business unit leaders to educate them on the capabilities of Watson and how to train Watson. It was all pie-in-the-sky stuff. Since we're an engineering-oriented company our business executives tend to have a strong engineering background (we tend to promote from within) and the whole thing smelled fishy to them, sounded too good to be true. When they asked us IT guys about it we presented the problems mentioned in the first paragraph. They concurred. So we've never taken the bait. That's the problem you're having with Watson. Actions like this will always cary the risk of generating the response of "political correctness gone mad" - which may even be true - if we're not careful to exalt one's accomplishments over one's race and ethnic background. If it's the case that people achieving high accomplishments but were of the "wrong" race weren't also receiving praise then that would be bad. If people are having the recognition of their accomplishments removed solely based off their race - in this case their being white but can be generalized to any race - then that would be bad. That's what it means to be colorblind. So, is this an action to correct for colorblindness or is this an action to remove the recognition of the accomplishments of middle-aged white men? The article doesn't say. We can lampoon these people for writing "stupid" laws or educate them as to why we secure things the way we do - how have we gotten here? What tradeoffs were made and why? How might this be implemented and what problems might that create? They need to be made aware of the trade-offs without insulting their intelligence as that isn't going to get us anywhere. This makes sense though, doesn't it? Doesn't Trump's campaign promise to "Make America Great Again!" hearken back to an era when automobiles, coal, oil and steel dominated the economy? I'm not so sure Silicon Valley has been sidelined as much as this administration simply doesn't deem them as all that important. If that's the case then the problem Silicon Valley faces is convincing this administration that they really are all that important. You know what? I'm not so sure that case can be so easily made. This will certainly be interesting to watch. It was going well until the author implicitly conflated "learning to code" with "learning HTML." This is the narrative that needs to be fixed. There's three kinds of coding: 1. Systems 2. Applications 3. Analytics/Problem-Solving There's no need to teach everyone how to do systems or applications programming. Zero. Zilch. Nada. What they do need to learn is how to solve problems, create graphs and charts, etc. That potentially involves learning Python, R, Fortran, Matlab, spreadsheets, etc. Essentially we need to introduce them to the idea that your computer is the best programmable calculator ever created and that you can chuck your Texas Instruments calculator and solve much more kinds of problems of much higher complexity. Thing is schools have already started going down this path for document creation. Kids today know all about word processors, presentation software, image & video capture and manipulation, and so forth. Now we just need to introduce them to another set of tools for STEM-related problem-solving and then we're all set. That's a good point. Even if the distribution of excellent to horrid developers is the same for India as for any other nationality - and I have no reason to think it isn't - the fact India has a high population and a higher percentage of their population going into development than Western nations means you're more likely to run into the not-so-excellent Indian developer. What you can't do is use the fact they're Indian to deduce a priori how good of a developer they are. You gotta figure that out on a case-by-case basis just as you do for everyone else. https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-choose-a-laptop-for-p... works I uninstalled the FB app from my phone for other reasons and though it's become trite to say so - my life has improved. I also stopped keeping an FB tab open in my browser. I login a couple of times a week to catch up with friends. How has this improved my life? I'm more fully engaged in the here and now. I realized I was constantly checking my phone for FB updates. It's only been a couple of months but it's been really nice. The security issues make it all the better to remove from your phone. Or just run the image straight from Docker Hub: docker run -p 2368:2368 -d --name ghost alexellis2/ghost:1.0 Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. When robots are capable of doing everything humans can do, even the creative endeavors, then what, exactly, are we being freed up to do? Or phrasing it another way, how exactly are we supposed to generate an income while doing it? As one analyst snarkily stated it, you can't build an economy off of music and poetry. Maybe you need to do some soul-searching and ask yourself why do you care what everyone else thinks? Do you want to live life your way and for yourself or do you want to live it their way and for them? It's all in what you want and how you set your priorities. You should check out Ferret: http://ferret-lang.org . It compiles to C++11. I haven't tried it myself yet, so I don't know its limitations. There's one phrase you'd better understand: lake effect snow. On that front Columbus is a much better alternative. That aside, there's a lot to like in this neck of the woods. "Some people may not see Damore's views as wrong, but Google did, and the company should have the right to fire him. This incident is not about the free speech rights of employees. The Constitution protects speech from government punishment, not private sector employees' speech from consequences handed down by their employer." In the United States one needs a job in order to survive. If employers can eliminate citizens from the job market for the expression of unpopular ideas then effectively you don't have free speech at all. The First Amendment is hardly relevant to you when you're starving to death. I happen to disagree with what James Damore has said, not that that should matter in this discussion. My concern is our reaction to Trump extremism is causing us to set precedents we're going to regret in the future. Is this really the environment we wish to setup for ourselves? We'd better be careful. "It's possible that we see a migration from youtube." Funny you say that because I don't use any of Google's services save for YouTube. I'm a musician and that's simply where the musicians are. Other than that I don't use any other Google products or services - no search, no maps, no docs - nothing. Only YouTube. "The data almost makes it seem like there’s not much point in trying to build new apps for anyone but millennials, as they’re the only group showing serious interest in downloading more, a willingness to pay, and the ability to adopt a new app at scale." Or perhaps since it's ofentimes millennials who are building the apps they don't understand the needs and desires of older users and as such are missing a huge opportunity. The term artisan always makes me think of pizza. How about referring to ourselves as smiths instead? Imagine upon being asked what do you do for a living and responding that you're a codesmith! This pull quote caught my eye: "In the real world, if I punch you in the face I will change your state in place. I won’t be creating a new version of you with a black eye. Concurrency is handled by the laws of physics." and got me thinking - isn't this exactly the world the many universes quantum physicists describe? There's now a universe where I have a black eye and another universe where I don't? I'm not sure what relevance this has to programming but it's something interesting to think about. Nah, we'll create qunit. It'll run your quantum unit tests in parallel for each of the universes! :) Alright. How about PlanckUnit? Same thing you are - racking Mac Minis and crossing my fingers Apple will provide a hardware update in the not-too-distant future. And to get the Mac Mini to work in that environment isn't cheap by the time you get the enclosures, redundant networking, power connections, etc. Add in the need to run copies of MacOS in VMs to support multiple Xcode/iOS build combinations and I need a machine with a LOT more oomph. Heck, we've even started eyeing Mac Pros but are concerned they're being discontinued and aren't well-suited for rack mounting at all. This is precisely the path I took as well. When I went back to college I'd lost the hubris and was well aware of what I didn't know. It was a much better experience and I learned a lot. I've discovered 10 hours/day is the most you can handle without being counterproductive - that is creating more problems than you're solving. You can do half a day on Saturday - but really, you need the downtime to avoid counter-productivity. That means you get about 55 hours per week max and even that's not sustainable week after week after week after week. You need downtime to avoid counter-productivity. Shouldn't the market take care of this? Apparently there are colleges willing to "dumb-down" their curriculum to maintain graduation rates, but those colleges will become a black mark on one's CV and so the good students would choose not to attend those colleges, right? Fear. Fear of the other. Fear of a widening disparity between the haves and have-nots - and they're increasingly in the have-not category. Fear that their children won't be able to do as well or better than they did. Fear. And Donald Trump expertly capitalized on that fear while Hillary chose to ignore it. Trump won. I'm not convinced we progressives/liberals fully understand this because we're still ignoring this fear. In my neck of the woods the phrase "the cloud is just someone else's computer" is used by server admins, network engineers, et al. to downplay the significance of the paradigm shift associated with cloud computing in an attempt to slow down its adoption and therefore save their jobs. If 'all cultures are not equal' is a false statement then we're stating 'all cultures are equal' which I interpret as saying there is no metric by which we can measure the 'goodness' or 'effectiveness' of a culture. So let's accept the statement 'all cultures are equal' at face value: all cultures are equal and therefore there exists no metric for measuring 'goodness' or 'effectiveness.' If C(now) captures my current cultural state and C(future) captures my future cultural state and we're saying both of these states are equal - because all cultures are equal - then where's the impetus for any new legislation? Where's the drive for change? In the United States our past culture included slavery, which we'll call C(slavery). Are we really saying C(slavery) == C(now)? I bet most people would claim C(now) > C(slavery) and if so should be suspect of any claim that all cultures are equal. This isn't a rigorous proof, but I do think it calls into question the notion that all cultures are equal. But maybe that's not what the phrase actually means: maybe what they really intend to say is we've yet to identify unbiased metrics by which we can use to measure cultures and thus correlate them. Presumably most people would bias the metric in such a manner that their culture turned out to be the best. If that's what's actually meant by the phrase 'all cultures are equal' (and I've never heard of anyone presenting it that way) then it should be stated as such because then we can work toward identifying those metrics so we can objectively improve our own culture. In my argumentation and debate class I took at the University many years ago the professor made the somewhat provocative statement that there is a set of universal values which everyone holds dear. The problem is they rank them differently in terms of importance and that's where all the arguments stem from. The key to effective debate is to identify those values you share and show you have the same mutual concerns. I loved Chaos Manor as a teen. Having yet to even own a computer I was amazed at everything Jerry was doing with his. I'd then dream of all the amazing things I'd do with mine when I got my own computer. I really miss those early days of personal computing. Meanwhile Trump has signed a $15B disaster aid package for Hurricane Harvey. And while most Americans, myself included, don't mind the financial aid to those in need it is money that could have been spent on other things rather than the replacement of existing capital. This spend represents a lost investment, a lost opportunity. As such, this article makes light of a serious matter and really isn't helping in driving the policy discussion forward. The best thing I ever did was delete the Facebook app from my phone. I had already disabled all the notifications, but that didn't change things like deleting the app. Not being able to get to Facebook wherever you are. As silly as it sounds it was liberating. I still access Facebook from my laptop - but now that it's off of my phone, I'm accessing Facebook less and less frequently and I'm find I'm happier as a result. Less Facebook == more happy. It's the best advice I can give. Let me put it this way: would Houston's mayor prefer to receive a check for $15B to invest where needed for the future and growth of Houston or to replace stuff damaged by a storm? That's what I mean by this spend being a lost investment, a lost opportunity. Maybe you're trying to point out it's not totally lost: the spend will make Houston incrementally better at withstanding storms of this magnitude in the future. If so, there's still a huge portion of that spend that's simply replacing lost capital. Developer for Fortune 200 company here. We already have a set of open source licenses reviewed by our legal department which we're allowed to use. A new license requires a new review - which we didn't even bother with. A legal review takes a lot of time (weeks), not to mention some political capital, and for what? To use React? Sorry, it's not worth it. It's not like none of this was known before Trump was elected president - and yet this is what America elected anyway. Many Americans are looking to end the 'American Era' - an era where America has maintained the world order. They point to our $20 trillion debt and exclaim that leadership comes at too great a cost. It'll be interesting to see how much our standard of living is affected. To me that's the really dangerous scenario: an America suddenly realizing it's losing it's political and economic power. Lacklustre? No. Revolutionary? No. They're just phones. They don't really do much more than today's phones do, but then again the new 2018 Mercedes models coming out don't really do much more than the 2017 models did either. This is a mature market and it's really incremental changes from here on out. Having said that, the AirPower was a nice touch - and hey! Apple supported an existing standard: Qi wireless charging! I think the biggest news was the Apple Watch Series 3. Finally we have a watch that would make Dick Tracy proud! It's looking more and more like Apple is eyeing a future where the watch replaces your phone. How healthy is the desktop market outside of the corporate environment? Consumers seem largely content with phones and tablets. One of the best developers and architects I've ever known has a Ph.D. in Music Composition. Never took a formal CS course in his life - yet he was one of the best. I suggest not being too quick to judge people by their degrees. What is the sound of one hand clapping? So this is the much ballyhooed new Microsoft? Doesn't look like the Tiger's stripes have changed so much after all. Subject the Moto Z2 Force to the exact same test to which you subjected the iPhone 8 and Samsung Galaxy Note 8 and then report the findings. As it is this is completely disingenuous. The MacBook Pro should be Apple's tank. It should be able to handle the most arduous, demanding tasks and still go 8-10 hours on its battery. Sorry if that's adds a little more weight, it's a pro machine - if you want something ultraportable, svelte and light then you should get a MacBook Air. As far as ports are concerned USB-C is great, however a USB 3.0 port and an SD card reader would be super handy for a pro machine. Seriously, people are making a living using these machines and it needs to be a little more convenient to transfer data using different media which happen to be extremely common. I've found the new keyboard usable once you get the hang of it, though I prefer the older keyboards with a little more travel. The trackpad though - it needs to be shrunk back down in size. It registers too many false inputs and its really annoying especially since the trackpad is hands-down one of the best features of the entire MacBook product line. Commodore 64, though we used TRS-80 Color Computers and Apple II+ at school. I even had it decked out with the 1702 monitor and the 1541 floppy drive! I'm finding more and more of my friends and acquaintances are longing for a world without iPhones, Facebook, Google, etc., and are taking the steps necessary to eliminate them from their lives. More and more people are reacting negatively to the digital leash to which they've attached themselves. This pretty much follows the standard adoption pattern of technology. We always overuse and then over time figure out the acceptable use. Just as an example, I see the next ten years of iPhone as being dramatically different than the first ten years - and not in a way that would excite Tim Cook. "Requirements are a trap. They don't work. Requirements are no less complex and undiscoverable than code." I used to believe this too, but no more. What hit me is requirements manifest complexity of a different kind - a kind that humans are much better at managing, especially when using Scenario-Based Requirements. This means a lot of business application programming will become automated. Meanwhile, humans are going to be engaged in UX development, systems programming and systems integration for the foreseeable future. So there's still going to be quite a bit of work for developers to do. Heck, with the automation of the creation of business applications there may be somewhat paradoxically more work for developers to do. Why would Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon, and Microsoft, all of whom can command the best programming talent in the world, want to invest in a coding bootcamp? Their interests would be better served by sponsoring Masters and Doctoral candidates who've already demonstrated exceptional coding abilities during their internships and show the ability to do oh so much more if only they could afford to go to graduate school. You would then commit to your sponsor for 3-5 years afterward. THAT would be a big boon to the "Big Five" development shops. And because you're providing the best of the best with the opportunity to excel and create amazing tools and technologies, it'll help the industry as well. "thoughtful people should pause and reflect rather than hastily dismiss it as mad or wicked" Here's the problem: I want thoughtful people to have kids. Otherwise only the less intelligent, thoughtless folks would be having kids and the human race will be marching on to madness. The more interesting question is what role did the recoil against postmodernism play in the election of Donald Trump? You can't reason with postmodernists since they eschew science and evidence-based reason as tools of oppression. They are quite literally unreasonable. This is not a trivial concern - since they can't be reasoned with I know of several people who took a "Fuck it. Burn it." approach to the election of Donald Trump (I don't agree with that strategy, but that's another matter). That's purely anecdotal, but it does make one wonder what role it played on sending Donald Trump to the White House and what role it might play on his staying there in 2021. Speaking anecdotally, the majority of the people I know for which this applies are college students and majoring in mathematics or the hard sciences. It appears the Two Cultures ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Two_Cultures ) are becoming further estranged from one another. Surveys like this aren't very informative without a historical perspective. What I really want to know is what's the trend? Does this survey have a history with which we can compare the latest results? THAT'S where the useful information lies. I've been using Otterbox Defender ever since I've had an iPhone. My phone has rolled across the garage floor, several times, with no problems. That's the information I want to know - how does an iPhone X in a case behave? It can't come soon enough as far as I'm concerned, though my 15 year old daughter who's anxiously waiting to learn to drive may see things differently. She could very well be amongst the last people who learn how to drive. The article doesn't discuss how far-ranging these impacts will be. Automakers and dealerships are just the tip of the iceberg. Part suppliers are impacted, as well as auto insurers and gasoline filling stations. Perhaps less obvious are auto repair shops of all stripes, auto repair stores, parking garages...this is a HUGE impact to the U.S. economy. It's amazing how little discussion this is getting beyond unemployed taxicab drivers. I buy phones for utility, not beauty. Until they get to the point where I can have my cake and eat it too I'll be using a case. Just make it a beautiful one! I don't follow your line of thought. How is the government picking up the tab? The government isn't making any payment back to the institution. But these students aren't getting loans - they're having their tuition waived. Now the government wants to tax the amount waived as income. If anything, graduate students will now be forced to get loans in order to pay their taxes - which is absurd. And has been largely irrelevant for the past 10 years. I still remember the day /. posted about some new web search service named Google. I was a big AltaVista user at the time and I remember trying out Google and thinking it was magic. Anyway, nowadays I come to HN to get my geek fix and pretty much leave /. alone. Which costs the institutions money in the form of paid wages to grad student instructors - which is an actual outlay of money. Lowering the tuition across the board for grad students lowers it for all grad students, not just the grad student instructors. Either way the institution, the grad student, or both, are out more money out of pocket as a result of this plan. In my state the state legislature has repeatedly and dramatically curtailed state funding for the public colleges, which of course has led to tuition increases. Then the state legislature capped the percentage in-state tuition may increase on an annual basis. Now the public schools take far fewer in-state students and instead focus on out-of-state and foreign students who are able to pay the pretty darn near private school tuition. Education is a global commodity and the pricing is set by demand. The fact is other governments are assisting their best and brightest to attend American universities, which are considered amongst the best in the world, while our government is making it harder for our best and brightest to attend our own universities. This doesn't seem like a good strategy for America. This doesn't make any sense. You shouldn't need to send Facebook explicit photos of yourself. All they should need is personally identifiable information - your face, tattoos, moles, etc. Women should be able to use bikini shots and men should be able to use swim trunk shots. From that they can scan photos and find your likeness in nude shots. Nothing good can come from this approach Facebook is taking. It's 2017 and you're still using any of Google's services for anything important? Shame on you. Guitar Player ( http://www.guitarplayer.com ) is the only print magazine I regularly read anymore. Though I did buy the first issue of the Omni magazine reboot last night! I'd look into GnuCOBOL ( https://open-cobol.sourceforge.io ) or try a free download of MicroFocus ( https://www.microfocus.com/products/visual-cobol/ ). I work at a shop with legacy Cobol applications and more and more of those folks are preparing for retirement. Thing is, those applications are the bedrock for running the business. As such they are so starving for new blood so I don't think they'd immediately dismiss the idea of paying for Sr talent and getting someone who's still coming up to speed in Cobol. But there's one question you'd better be prepared to answer and answer it spot-on, and frankly it's a question I have out of simple curiosity: why? Why do you want to do Cobol development? Why do you want to change tracks to one that appears to have a dead end in the not-too-distant future? How do I know that after incurring the effort and cost to bring you up to speed that you're not going to leave? How are you going to deal with experienced people who are very comfortable with the tools and processes they have in place and have little interest in changing how they do things? I'm curious, but your interviewer is going to be serious. Had no idea CompuServe still existed. The last I remember logging on was in 1995. My first foray onto the Internet was with CompuServe. I remember they used SLIP and you could bridge from their network onto the Internet. What a great blast from the past! High school chemistry partner. We never dated in high school and ended up running into each other later in college. That's when we started dating. We've been married now for 27 years. I too am done with Twitter. Not only have I decided to stop normalizing their dystopian world, but the S/N ratio has continually dropped over the years and bots abound. None of it is very useful or productive anymore, if it ever was. Are black folks using the iPhone X having more issues with the facial recognition unlocking their phones than folks of other races? I do so this as a potential downside of ML-driven applications: training and testing are critical and there's a science behind these endeavors. We should expect problems if we take the slipshod approach so often employed when testing software. The thinking behind the tax plan being touted in the U.S. is indicative that we aren't ready for any major disruption to the status quo. "It’s designed for teams that need to ideate, iterate, and work together both in person and remotely, and across multiple devices." So long as all those devices are running Windows 10. I'm sorry - in this day and age any software billing itself as a collaboration tool had better be able to run on Windows, Mac OS, Linux, Android and iOS. Those are the platforms people use, those are the people with whom I need to collaborate. This is an excellent introduction to quantum computing. I didn't see where I could sign up for updates. I'd like to follow this! Is there any more to this story? All these patrons did was wear MAGA hats? As a progressive I must say these actions only stoke the flames. We're never going to be able to work together if we can't talk to each other and we're never going to be able to talk to each other if we can't associate together. This isn't the path forward. The irony is FB isn't a very good way for staying in touch with your friends, not when they suppress posts about the most important events going on in their lives. If that's the case then what's the point of social media? What function is actually being served? Apple only charges $199 for a new battery for the MBP's not having user-replaceable batteries. Which sounds horrible until you realize a new battery for the old MacBooks was $129 (I've replaced a couple). So really, you're just paying an extra $70 and you're only going to need to do it once over the lifetime of your system, which should be 8-10 years. Not bad. That's been my strategy for the past few update cycles. I just upgraded to Sierra this past July. I'll upgrade to High Sierra next July. Since another major release of iOS seems imminent after the "battery issue" I think I'll hold off on that upgrade for a little while longer, too. Latest and greatest doesn't hold the same appeal to me as reliability. I can say one thing - if they can make it where I can manage K8S using the Docker Swarm interface that would be great. Thanks! csvkit looks awesome! A Dell XPS 15 is a good bet. You can run Windows and/or Linux on it. At a minimum, get the SSD. Technically you can get by with 8 Gb of RAM, but 16 Gb would also handle whatever else you want to do with the laptop. Likewise, whatever else you want to do with the laptop would determine whether you want to go with an i5 or i7 processor. If you want to do any Mac OS or iOS development then the same concerns apply but now you'll be looking at a MacBook Air/Standard/Pro. Since this is behind a paywall, here's a description of the problems being encountered: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baden-Württemberg-class_frigat... It wasn't just a promise: they took 15% of my salary for it against my will. If I don't get it back, then it's a tax, and not only that, but it makes the tax on the middle class significantly higher than on the uber rich. The Boston Tea Party ain't nothing compared to what's going to happen in this country if they mess with Social Security. These are all the tinfoil hat types, and guess what? They're not going to be using these cars anytime soon. Which means they're not the market. Who then comprises the market for these cars? For starters, consider senior citizens who have either stopped driving or are having difficulties driving. They'd really appreciate being able to maintain their mobility. Likewise, anyone with physical disabilities preventing them from driving would appreciate these kinds of vehicles and the autonomy they allow them to maintain. This set of folks would include those who are temporarily disabled: they might be interested in leasing such a vehicle for a month or two. Some people see taxis being automated, which may happen, but prior to that I can see automated shuttles becoming a thing, especially at airports and conferences. They follow set routes and people are already familiar with automated trains in these scenarios so the concept won't seem quite so foreign. Once people who actually need these vehicles start using them, the public at large will begin seeing their utility and may even come up with more use cases than we're considering. Next thing you know, in twenty years' time no one will give these vehicles a second thought. That's entirely believable. Apple has just brought out the iMac Pro and they said they're bringing out a new Pro machine this year. I would only expect the MBP to get component upgrades. Though it'd be nice if one of those upgrades included the option for 32Gb RAM. Emphatically disagree. We're not creating art, we're creating solutions. Nor are we creating those solutions in a vacuum, we're actually satisfying several constraints: delivery dates, features, cost of maintenance, cost of enhancements, the number of people we have available for each of those activities, and so forth. It's plain to see there's no such thing as "perfect code" except in the most trivial of circumstances. Understanding these constraints and how they impact your architecture, design and actual code is all part of becoming a master programmer. Not being sarcastic but who needs Facebook when we can just scroll through the HN firehose? The HN firehose has a much better S/N ratio and every so often you find really good gems: which is something that rarely, if ever, happens on Facebook. Since nobody saw it all the other evidence can be summarily dismissed? Then again, this isn't what Darwin's theory is concerned with in the first place. Darwin was concerned with how animal morphology changes to fill in ecological niches. His answer was Natural Selection - which is something we've actually seen. "Senior engineers sometimes need to be reminded that highly performant, abstract, or clever code is often difficult to read and understand later, which usually means asking them for more inline comments and documentation." Ha! That's not a senior engineer. Senior engineers write the most simple-looking code that just works. In every rainy day scenario imaginable. The clever code writers aren't there yet. None of Apple's software is best in class - regardless of the segment. Which isn't necessarily bad, so long as it's at least good enough. Increasingly it's not even good enough. Siri? I agree. It's not a joke - it's a toy. I've pretty much stopped using it because it's more an exercise of frustration than utility. We could continue on with the iWork/iLife software suites which you quickly learn are typically best for casual use. What's sad is Apple has truly excellent hardware, it's too bad they don't have the software to match. That tells me their viewing themselves as a hardware company is deeply ingrained in their corporate culture and in their corporate DNA. Software is apparently a secondary concern. So a company develops their own processes and tools for handling software development and lo and behold! THEY are successful! What a surprise! Rather than looking at why open source software succeeds (amazing - people working on what they want to work on tends to yield good results) they should look at why actual software projects typically fail. It's all about people, process and tools - and the process and tools are not usually an issue. For Java: NetBeans For everything else: emacs GE is dying and Tesla is rising. How ironic! "any iOS device that was released more than 2/3 years ago cannot get latest iOS." is no longer correct, though it used to be. Apple is now providing iOS support for five years. Consider that when buying your iDevice, especially the expensive devices like an iPad Pro or an iPhone X. I don't think it's as much a generational issue vs. a haves vs. have-nots issue. It's just more likely that younger folks fall into the have-nots category and thus gives the appearance of a generational issue. To wit, I can provide lots of anecdotes of Baby Boomers and Gen Xers suffering in this economy in the same manner as the Millenials described in this article. What they have in common is their (lack) of economic power. You should acquaint yourself with the term "monopsony" and how it relates to a labor market. This has been going on for years. Back in the mid 80's when I was going to college I knew a lot of people had come back to get their masters are even change fields because they couldn't find jobs. Employers wanted 2-3 years minimum experience and the new grads lamented how were they supposed to get said experience? My first job I worked FREE for the first 3 months at a startup (they didn't have the money to make a payroll anyway). Ultimately that launched my career and got me past the 2-3 years experience issue. This was back in the 80's! "It seems like they’re asleep at the wheel, or, more likely, there’s no one team in charge of accessories and the ecosystem anymore at Apple." That's my concern. It seems like they've become a highly siloed organization and as such are fragmenting. That's not good for their customers. They really need to get their act together and behave like they're a single company with a complete vision and a continuous product line that just works. As it is they just look like they're running off the rails. What Apple, and Microsoft before them, are discovering is the tools and processes we use to create software simply doesn't scale. We're simply reaching the limits of what these giant software teams are able to produce and keep running. We can discuss solutions, but currently not everybody even agrees we have a problem. That's the first step we need to take. It's not about technology, it's about people. It's the realization that your job is to deliver value to someone, and then figure out how to (politely) get through your organization's red tape (and every organization has it) to get it done. Coming back to technology - it's about simplicity. It's the realization your system is going to spend most of its life in operations and maintenance and you need to design systems that just work, work reliably, and when they inevitably have problems they're easy to diagnose and fix. It's these skills that will take you to another level.