Just read their announcement. They picked hg for two reasons: 1. Google Code is built around HTTP, Git sucks at talking HTTP (it's an order of magnitude slower than hg). On the other hand, HTTP is hg's first-class protocol. So hg's integration was simpler here. 2. Windows still is a first-class platform for mercurial, still isn't for git, and windows users are an important part of Google Code's clientele. > I think the #1 reason is that like they mention git is a second class citizen on Windows. And the second reason is that git is downright slow over HTTP, and google code's built around using HTTP. > It's rare I see a class action suit with merit, and this is one of them. If it was just Apple advertising it, it wouldn't be as big a problem So only partial: the suit against AT&T makes sense (especially if they're advertising it…), again Apple not so much. > Networks would be falling over themselves to cater for iPhone users if there was a choice in the matter. Verizon and Sprint are in CDMA, not GSM… in the US, that leaves T-Mobile I think, which could run iPhones (unless a separate CDMA hardware is created). > My calculations say it'll take 2.7 years to read all that data if you go at 40MBps. 40MBps is very low, especially given the kind of files transferred over a sneakernets (it's basically the best-case for purely sequential transfers): even fairly slow drives (e.g. WD Caviar Green) are going to yield ~70MBps average transfer speeds (and velociraptors are going to be around 100MBps). And it's pretty trivial to parallelize disks over fast (e.g. 10gig or infiniband) connections. Furthermore, 3000 TB is quite "out there" with the current datasets: Google's transfers are still at a few hundred TB (and they do use sneakernets for that). Finally, modern sneakernets tend not to use raw drives: AWS Import/Export suggests full devices (maximum size is a 8U rack), Terascale Sneakernet boxes are a full PC with a bunch of drives and a Gig or 10Gig network card. > Density per dollar is going to be very important for the Van-based Data Packet. The dollar part actually isn't that important, given you can reuse your drives for later transfers (TeraScale's boxes zip around, AWS sends back your storage devices when the import is done) so unless you're hitting a density/dollar cliff, you're probably going to go all density with TB drives and such. FWIW, in 2002 Terascale was already packing its sneakernet boxes with 300GB drives (7/box) > The concept of "free memory" on a modern system also makes no sense. RAM that is not used is wasted. The problem is that the iPhone OS tends to have issues with releasing memory especially in high-pressure situations e.g. games. It's quite frequent that out of the ~60MB non-OS RAM of a 3G a game only gets to use 10~20MB, and lags (or even crashes for the most intense ones) because of that. The initial "solution" was to reboot the damn phone in order to kill the MobileMail and MobileSafari background processes. "Free memory" functions give users the ability to kill those without having to restart the phone, which far shorten the time it takes to "reclaim" all your ram and be in an ideal position to launch a demanding game. And apple's ripping on WiMo's task manager comes to bite the users's asses. > In the mean time all background apps are zapped which includes Mail, iPod, ... Yeah but if Mail (and Safari, of all apps) didn't stay running in the background the low mem issue wouldn't happen in the first place… > They removed ALL of them not just this one. They missed a bunch of them then. Memory Status is still up for instance. Given most mobile devices have built-in AAC codecs but not Vorbis (Android is the odd one out here, I think, probably Maemo as well) if Spotify starts expanding to mobile devices an AAC stream (maybe lower quality than the Vorbis ones) would make sense. I sent a mail to Spotify's support to ask, though they probably won't reply. > on the iPhone, you must avoid extreme memory pressure and ramp up your usage gradually enough to allow the OS to exit background applications. Definitely, but when you're playing a game which is all in all pretty nice apart from the memory issues (on a 2G or a 3G, he 3GS tends not to have problems there of course), if a simple RAM wipe allows you to spend a nice commute, you're not going to go whine to the dev and then spend an awful commute. I won't anyway. > I wouldn't be surprised if "Free Memory" functionality was a placebo in the vast number of cases It's not. The effect is noticeable in many cases. > Never you mind all those cached pages the OS just dropped. Since you're usually freeing memory to open a game, you don't really care for those dropped cached pages. You care for the game you're trying to play. They are. And it's pretty unlikely that anyone would code in Objective Managed C++. Worst thing that could happen would be a slight conflict in the brain of people coding simultaneously in Objective-C and in Managed C++. Yes, but in most languages there's a point at which you cannot "make it a function". So you have to write it again and again and again. Take for instance context management (Common Lisp's `unwind-protect`/python's `with`/C#'s `using`, it's also possible to express it using first-class functions which is the approach used by Smalltalk or Scheme or using your objects's lifecycles which is what C++'s RAII does). It's essential to ensure that resources you're using for a limited time (a lock, a file, a transaction, …) is cleanly released when you don't need it anymore, even if an error occurs during usage. In java, most of the time this is done with stacks of try/except/finally blocks which you're going to write again and again and again. How do you abstract it? You can't. Well you could use anonymous classes to emulate first-class functions in theory, but it has limitations of its own and it's not really supported by the wider Java community. And note that before Python introduced `with` or C# introduced `using`, they were pretty much in the same situation (theoretically, C# 3.0 could deprecate `using` since it has anonymous functions, Python on the other hand can't given its still crippled lambdas) > I have to admit Apple wasn't kidding about this being a snappier release So you recommend the switch? (I was going to grab a copy tomorrow anyway, but it's always nice to get actual experience by actual users) Wow really? That's pretty weird. It also needs the instantiation support at the VM/runtime level, which is separate from the services the OS itself provides. So blocks need to be supported at the compiler level, in the Objective-C runtime and in OS-wide processes (which would be Grand Central itself). It's nice they retrofit blocks into the lib though, I didn't think they were going to add them beyond GCD. > You'll need to re-install MacPorts (just download the DMG from their site) and XCode (from the CD) afterwards I was intending a complete reinstall anyway, so I'm cool with that. > One caveat -- as I've heard, CS3/CS4 has some problems. I've heard CS3 has issues as well, but given I don't use it… The reports that Cyberduck doesn't work correctly annoys me more. Yeah but transmit isn't free, and I don't use FTPs enough to pay for it (though I paid for flashfxp on windows a few years ago) > What does the comma right before place in its second usage signify? It "punches a hole" in the quote: the ` in `(setf ,place (* v v)) says "don't evaluate this, this is a litteral value/list", but then the comma indicates "actually evaluate just this expression right here within the definition context" so ,place will be replaced by the value of the place argument. It's kinda equivalent to #{} in Ruby strings. As others have pointed out, v should probably be unquoted as well. I don't know if you'll read this, but I'm pleased to report the Spotify team did indeed reply to my inquiry: > We aim to tell more about the streaming of Spotify mobile as soon as we can, please keep an eye on the blog for more information! No info, but a "stay tuned" reco. > And yet, still no example of a useful macro. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CLOS > I've been hitting refresh compulsively for the last few days, reloading the URL where it would be. Wow, I'm glad to learn I wasn't the only guy doing that. Check out his previous OSX reviews as well, they're glorious: http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2000/10/macos-x-beta.ar... http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2001/04/macos-x.ars http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2001/10/macosx-10-1.ars http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2002/09/macosx-10-2.ars http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2003/11/macosx-10-3.ars http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2005/04/macosx-10-4.ars http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2007/10/mac-os-x-10-5.a... > The best solution I've seen is a Maybe Monad. More generally an option type. Maybe being a monad has other advantages (lifting for instance, though being a monad isn't actually required: C# 3.0 lifts operations into Nullable when you're e.g. adding two Nullable [aka int?] values) but is not a requirement for a "nullable" living in the types. > The problem is that unless your language has support baked in (a la Haskell) the syntax has way too much overhead. Not really. The problem is more around the way your generics work: Putting Nothing in a Maybe Int is nice, putting a new Nothing () in a Maybe isn't as much. And if anything, I think having overhead in pushing null values in the system is a good thing: it avoids people running to it right off the bat, and may make them pause and think about better solutions (a command-type pattern, a Null/SpecialCase object, …) > Is he really suggesting to replace all attempts to dereference null with no-ops? Weird. It is. Some languages work that way though, Objective-C for instance: `nil` is a "message sink", any message can be sent to `nil` without generating any error, it simply returns nil. > They do know lisp which has much better ways of dealing with nil. Lisp being mostly a class of dynamically-typed languages, their solution to the issue doesn't really apply to Java. For statically typed languages, the solution adopted by the ML family (as well as haskell) is far superior: encode the notion of "optional" values in an abstract type. It should. [obj1 doWithSideEffects] will be evaluated before [obj2 do] because Obj-C is eager, so the runtime doesn't know (or care) about obj2 when it considers the evaluation of the inner expression. To get the behavior you want, you need to use blocks (which incidentally were introduced in 10.6) and write something along the lines of: [obj2 do: ^{ [obj1 doWithSideEffects] }] In this case, if obj2 do: doesn't explicitly evaluate the block, obj1 doWithSideEffects won't be evaluated. > Is it because he used bit.ly? (I'm not being snarky, just curious) Might be. I hadn't seen his comment yet when I posted mine (was just scrolling down) and just wanted to point the previous reviews to huygen (I'd kinda missed they were on the last page and he'd already got the links through the article itself). then again, it's always been utterly trivial to do that in Erlang, just replace Results = lists:map(DoWork, data) by Results = pmap(DoWork, data) with `pmap` being implemented with 15 lines of Erlang. > The whole point of GCD is that it is a central entity that knows how much work the entire system is doing on each individual processor core, and can adjust the number of threads accordingly. No. That's a side effect and benefit. The whole point of GCD is that it's trivial to use, therefore making it easy to benefit from multicore machines. > Does your Erlang example take into account the overall work the entire OS is doing on each individual processor core, adjusting the number of threads as the amount of overall work changes — or does it just take the Erlang-program's own work into account? In the erlang view of the world, the erlang runtime is the OS. And within that context, Erlang takes in account the overall work of itself (in fact, it more precisely doesn't give a damn: it spawns a scheduler thread per logical core -- or more or less if you ask it to -- and then dynamically maps Erlang processes on these OS threads the way GCD dispatches queued tasks to its threadpool). > Your Erlang example, while I'm sure it's really great for you and other Erlangers, simply doesn't do what GCD does. That's very debatable, but thank goodness it wasn't my point in the first place. My point was simply to do what cubicle67's example demonstrates, namely (in his words) > And there you have it: a for loop replaced with a concurrency-enabled equivalent with one line of code. No preparation, no additional variables, no impossible decisions about the optimal number of threads, no extra work required to wait for all the independent tests to complete. (The dispatch_apply() call will not return until all the tasks it has dispatched have completed.) Stunning. That's very precisely what the Erlang example does. > but it's nice to see these ideas make it into the C foundation of a mass-market operating system in a manner that is both central and grand, even if the syntax isn't quite as tight. Absolutely. And I find the syntax pretty tight anyway. > So if I write a ruby program that needs rubygems I think Ryan's point is that most of the time your program doesn't require rubygems itself. You just happen to manage your libraries using gems, somebody else could do it an other way (and never need rubygems), but you're forcing that person to install gems regardless. Yeah but his analogy is wrong in that /bin/sh is usually a link (or a copy) of the user's shell. So the user can easily configure which shell is loaded and how using /bin/sh (though /usr/bin/env sh would probably be even better). What Ryan's gripping against here is that the people requiring rubygems usually don't care for rubygems itself. They just want to require a library which (on their machine) happens to be managed via rubygems. And this management is not the sole strategy. Somebody else could be using another utility, or even no utility at all if they handle their $LOAD_PATH manually (which Ryan apparently does). And in these cases, requiring rubygems breaks their platform: they might not want or care for rubygems. In any case, it's usually not needed so why require it? And that's Ryan's point: by requiring rubygems when it's not needed (which is most of the time) in your library, you're forcing people to use rubygems whether they like (or need) it or not. Furthremore, his analogy is also wrong because even with a /bin/sh shebang *it's trivial for me to overload it by calling `./mysupershell yourscript`. With `require rubygems` there's no such recourse (apart from `require` hackery or other such crap). So instead of separating the library and the environment you suggest that ugly hacks are more appropriate? Really? Analogy failures: * Configuring /bin/sh to point to my shell of choice is trivial (and common) * Overriding the shebang is even more trivial, if I don't like sh, I can call `./mysupershell foobar` Meanwhile, if I don't want gems on my machine and manage my $LOAD_PATH manually or through other means (which seems to be Ryan's case) but you decided that your library was going to require rubygems dammit, I have the choices between * Installing rubygems (and duplicating my $LOAD_PATH handling efforts) anyway because you decided I was to have rubygems on my machine whether or not I liked it * Adding an empty rubygems.rb to my $LOAD_PATH (yeah, kludge) * Hacking Kernel#require to ignore gems request (yeah, horrible hack) > If someone's writing a library or app.. it's up to THEM whether they want to require rubygems or not. But… why? Most of the time it's not like they actually need gems. They just happen to use gems as a $LOAD_PATH manager, so they're leaking their environment configuration into the library. How can anyone defend that? It's like hardcoding the paths of dynamic libraries, or respawning your shell scripts because damn it if any god damn user is going to run it with anything other than /bin/bash. It's completely insane. The latter, because it simplifies using alternate sh if you need to e.g. create separate execution environments, à la virtualenv in python. In fact that's a good example, though it's in python: if you use `#!/usr/bin/python` as your shebang your script will break under virtualenv, whereas if you use `#!/usr/bin/env python` it will work perfectly. Now /bin/sh is probably a POSIX requirement so it'll always be there and you can always override the shebang with an explicit shell call (or by temporarily rebinding /bin/sh though that one requires root access), but going through env doesn't cost you (as a programmer) more and it simplifies the job of the users (if they need to sandbox your script in some way) That's a good point, and in this case requiring rubygems does make sense, but I really doubt that's the most common use case. Stuff like this: http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll/blob/2f2e45bedf67dedb8d1dc0... or that: http://github.com/mwunsch/weary/blob/cd7b35ccee66757c5efb0a0... is probably the kind of stuff Ryan rages against in his rant (though you'd have to ask him if that's that, and how he'd see you use case) > Oh come on. That's like saying "you should not make your MacOSX app require Finder just because some people just happen to use it as their file manager". Yeah it is. And indeed you shouldn't. > Just happen? It's the default, and overwhelmingly dominant, choice! It's freaking bundled in 1.9 core! So fucking what? (and as others have said, in 1.9 rubygems is required by default so that's a very good reason not to require it yourself ever ). > Rubygems is the official package manager and is used without any issue by 99.9% of Rubyists. And so the rest should just take it up the ass and live with completely insane and nonsensical decisions such as randomly requiring rubygems just because? > There is no reason for people to stop using it as the default choice. That is not what Ryan says. Ryan doesn't care how you handle your own $LOAD_PATH. If you want to use gems, knock yourself out, that's your own business not his. Ryan just asks that you don't force others to use rubygems without any justification. > You're nuts, did you know? Thanks for teaching me that I shouldn't use an alternate explorer to the finder. > Just because .. it's loading required libraries? No it's not. It's managing your $LOAD_PATH. You don't need gems to load libraries, unless those were installed by gems in the first place if we stretch the meaning of "load libraries" a lot. > The weird personal tastes of two people basically don't matter compared to the great benefits enjoyed by the rest of the community. What's the relation there? What's the "great benefits" to you adding "require 'rubygems'" like so many droppings to all your libraries? It's not like anyone is arguing against using Rubygems. If you like gems, go ahead and use it. All that's asked is that you don't force others to do so. > I guess you're just never going to update to 1.9 then? I fail to see the relevance. Ruby 1.9 isn't going to shoot me if I don't use gems to manage $LOAD_PATH. And as far as Ruby 1.9 is concerned, since it requires rubygems on its own there's no reason whatsoever for library writers to do it themselves. > You could have manually downloaded the files for all the libraries you need Yes, why not? > placed them in the directory Placed them in any directory on my $LOAD_PATH, yes indeed. > and required them directly Uh no, there's nothing to touch there. Library is on $LOAD_PATH, any require $the_library will find it perfectly normally. > See, who needs rubygems? Nobody. Rubygems is a very nice convenience, not a requirement for anything. > Where the hell is Ryan getting all these gem-using libraries anyway, if not from gems? Tarballs? Github? Rubyforge? His colleagues? The Internet? And as a side note: if the library was obtained from gems, then it was loaded from gems, which means by the time the library is reached rubygems has already been required and loaded. Where's the sense in requiring the tool which loaded you in the first place, exactly? Doesn't that seem a bit dumb to you? > And what is supposed to be wrong with it, anyway? And what's wrong with not wanting to use it, anyway? (and what's wrong with it is that they clutter the $LOAD_PATH. You don't care, Ryan apparently does) > Oh well, anyway .. who cares. You're a crank and so is he. Rubygems is here to stay and if you don't like it .. well again, who cares. You… completely missed the point. It's impressive. > He needs eventmachine. He requires rubygems and loads it. Tell me what he is doing wrong. He requires rubygems even though what he wants is eventmachine. What's the sense? > Tell me how he should do it differently. Don't require rubygems. Rubygems isn't used anywhere in the code, why require it? > And if that usage is wrong, then what is the point of even having Rubygems. Managing your own $LOAD_PATH on your own machine(s). That's the point of rubygems in the first place. > Not that it makes any sense arguing further, but for the record, I was not talking about libraries, I was talking about apps. An app is a library is an app. > Top level apps that need to require those libraries somehow. And Ruby has a built-in method for that. It's called `require`. So if an app, a library, a script or whatever needs another library, it requires it and is done. > I would have thought it was completely reasonable for top-level app authors to require rubygems No. Unless the toplevel app is never distributed out of controlled environments (where you do impose rubygems) or expands gems in some way and therefore needs to hook into it (e.g. a GUI gems manager à la synaptic for apt-get) there is no need for rubygems at the app level. The usage of rubygems (or the lack thereof) is part of the execution environment (the state of the machine the app is run on), not part of the application. Maybe for security reasons all libraries are deployed manually and $LOAD_PATH is handled likewise, maybe the guy uses bundler ( http://github.com/wycats/bundler/tree/master ) or rip ( http://hellorip.com/ ) and doesn't want or need rubygems, maybe the user goes through his OS's package manager of choice (be it yum, apt-get, ports, …) because he likes having all package handling across his machine in a single place and piece, or maybe the app's user does indeed use rubygems. But as the application/script/library author, that's none of your business. Requiring rubygems in your distributed code (unless you're in specific wrapper contexts or, once again, you're building on top of rubygems and expanding it in some way) means you're putting your nose where it doesn't belong: you're forcing environmental decisions on your users. If you want to package your lib/app as a gems, that's fine and way cool of you, but that doesn't imply requiring rubygems at runtime. Uh? Apart from the Panther and the Tiger, none of the OSX releases matches a WWII panzer name. The Leopard I was introduced in '65 (and the Leopard II in '79), the Jaguars are either tank destroyers (introduced in '78) or fast attack boats (introduced in '58), the Puma is a not-yet-released infantry-fighting vehicle, and I haven't found any german war machine named "cheetah". That's 2 out of 6… Puma's already been used (10.1), Lion is unlikely (there's a bit too much mystique behind it). They could probably expand their "big cat" selection to e.g. leopardus (Ocelot, Margay), the Serval, the Caracal, the Jaguarundi (a cousin of the cougar), … Of course, not everything is actually first-class in Python. There's a whole bunch of statements — simple (assert, pass, del, break, continue, import, raise, …) and compound (if, while, for, with, try) — which definitely don't qualify unrestricted first-class anonymous functions. Python already has first-class anonymous functions (`lambda`), but highly restricted ones. > How we'd override "pass" boggles my mind. An expression that does nothing. Putting `''` in a function is equivalent to `pass` in that it lets the parser do its stuff. `pass` could be a builtin defined as `None` and the behavior would be the same as today, without a keyword. > Same for break and continue I'm not saying I know how to replace everything (though I'd probably just remove break and continue, they're nice from time to time but not exactly essential), just that there's a lot of stuff which isn't first-class in Python. > if, while, and try are effectively atomic, but "for" loops can be redefined by defining an iterator, and with is specified entirely in terms of an interface that allows you to affect what it does too. I don't get what you're trying to say here. The restriction in Python is not on the first-classeness but on the anonymity. You're very cute, but I know what Python is and how it works thank you very much, I've been coding with and in it for years. Doesn't change anything: Python's statements are not first-class objects. And lisp's got nothing to do with that either. > You might still not like it after you understand it, but let us damn it for what it is, not for what it isn't. You… completely missed the point? first-class almost everything. I don't think "^" is a first-class element in Smalltalk (though I might be wrong) > "MP3" can mean a lot of things (to some people it just means "digital music"). Quality depends on the bitrate, on CBR vs VBR, on the encoder used, on the playback device, etc. Yeah but every time you need to transcode your music to the next format of the day, you're going to lose a bit of quality. And the losses multiply too, they don't just add from one lossy format to one another. If you store your music in a lossless format, you just have to come back to your lossless copy to create each lossily-generated copy, and you'll only ever have the losses of this transcoding. I'd hardly call a presentation putting up Mozart/Oz slides "mainstream articles" with "normal pseudo-code" > I know lots of great programmers real life. Not a single one of them knows Lisp. That's a good way to know they're not actually great programmer. Good maybe, but not great. Any great programmer will have at least a basic ability to read (if not use) lisps, because he'll have looked at a few dialects to know what it was about. > Hmm, one is an equal partnership, the other isn't. Is it really? Is SM play "an equal partnership" between master and slave? An internship's precisely the same. It's an agreed upon situation with an established "safe word" the "intern" can utter at any time to stop whatever is happening. > But even though people are using a Browser I think they will still complain that it is reporting something back to a server Not necessarily. The Office User Experience program has been very successful, and that's exactly what it does. Just open a little windows at the 3rd or 4th startup of the software ( not the first) telling the user you'd like to make his experience better blah blah blah and to that end you'd like to collect a bit o' anonymous and non-personally identifying data (you can add a "view more" where you say which bits o' data you collect precisely) and would they be ok with that. And give the user a way to enable/disable it post-facto if they change their mind. Let's compare his 17 reasons why a consumer wouldn't buy a desktop app to what happens with the iPhone: X. Start your web session on Google, like everyone does these days. X. Google your pain point. X. Click on the search result to the shareware site. 4. Read a little, realize they have software that solves your problem. X. Mentally evaluate whether the software works on your system. 6. Click on the download button. 7. Wait while it downloads. X. Close your browser. X. Try to find the file on your hard disk. X. Execute the installer. X. Click through six screens that no one in the history of man has ever read. X. Execute the program. X. Get dumped at the main screen. X. Play around, fall in love. X. Potentially weeks pass. X. Find your way back to the shareware site. Check out price. 17. Type in your credit card details. Hit Checkout. There. With an iPhone app, 1. Go to iTunes and search the app for that 2. Read a little, discover it's what you want 3. Click purchase 4. Enter AppStore password to confirm At this point, the app is bought. > My question: what are the exceptions to the "two consenting adults can do as they wish in privacy" rule? (active) voluntary euthanasia is one, though I think it's legal in a pair of US states (Oregon since '94 and Washington since 2008). So basically PHP keeps the slower and worst random generator as the default. Great minds in action. > Apparently the editors are TC have the weekend off. Since when does TC have editors? As long as the data remains yours and you're its handler, why would there be any intrinsic legal implication to wearing that kind of stuff? It'd be no different than carrying an always on camcorder. Though I think that box is ugly and impractical, I'll wait for artificial eyes or systems tapping the optic nerve. There's an open-source Reddit client out there, if yc provided some kind of API (you don't want to do page scraping on the iphone) it would probably be pretty easy to adapt it. Skip that useless "article" and go straight to the source: Python 3.0 whatsnew http://docs.python.org/3.1/whatsnew/3.0.html Python 3.1 whatsnew http://docs.python.org/3.1/whatsnew/3.1.html They're clearer, more readable, more complete and linkable. No reason to use TFA. > It was also possible in recent Python versions Not that recent, the switch has been there since 2.2 alpha 2, released 8 years ago (August 22, 2001): __all__ = ['all_feature_names', 'nested_scopes', 'generators', 'divisi... absolute_import = _Feature((2, 5, 0, 'alpha', 1), (2, 7, 0, 'alpha', 0... all_feature_names = ['nested_scopes', 'generators', 'division', 'absol... division = _Feature((2, 2, 0, 'alpha', 2), (3, 0, 0, 'alpha', 0), 8192... generators = _Feature((2, 2, 0, 'alpha', 1), (2, 3, 0, 'final', 0), 0) nested_scopes = _Feature((2, 1, 0, 'beta', 1), (2, 2, 0, 'alpha', 0), ... print_function = _Feature((2, 6, 0, 'alpha', 2), (3, 0, 0, 'alpha', 0)... unicode_literals = _Feature((2, 6, 0, 'alpha', 2), (3, 0, 0, 'alpha', ... with_statement = _Feature((2, 5, 0, 'alpha', 1), (2, 6, 0, 'alpha', 0)... > I never knew this but it will definitely come in handy. It's also pretty dangerous if you don't have a very good test coverage (and good tests), because it hides potential bugs. And it can break code which relies on the default behavior of `nil` (or other built-in objects). That's one of the biggest issues I have with monkey patching of builtin classes in Ruby or Smalltalk: it's not scoped/namespaced. edit: by comparison, Haskell's operators redefinition is scoped, so though you can redefine `+` as `-`: Prelude> let (+) = (-) in print (3+5) -2 this redefinition will only span your module and won't affect third-party library (unless you export the change and they import it for course). Why not stick to EAFP and go with something along the lines of: begin entry.at('description').index_text rescue NoMethodError; end ? That's a potential solution in any language (you don't even have to extend a none/nil/whatever object), but it doesn't help interact with standard or third-party libraries which return `nil` already. > Open up your MacPorts config file located at /opt/local/etc/macports/macports.conf. Around line 59, find the section that has the build_arch and set it to x86_64. You don't need to. Here's the default value: # CPU architecture to compile for. Defaults to i386 or ppc on Mac OS X 10.5 # and earlier, depending on the CPU type detected at runtime. On Mac OS X 10.6 # the default is x86_64 if the CPU supports it, i386 otherwise. #build_arch i386 Note the comment: if your CPU supports it, the default build_arch will be x86_64 anyway. > it seems likely that pretty much any strongly typed language could do something like this No. Or more precisely, in a dynamically typed language (which may or may not be strongly typed) there's no point in doing so, it won't buy you anything expressivity or correctness over nullable references. Pretty much any statically typed language would benefit from making names/references non-nullable by default and moving nullability into the type system yes. > it's allowing the nulls to exist in the first place that is actually the hack How is it a hack? It's trivial to implement, but there's nothing hacky about it. > Type system hack, not code hack. It's not either. Types are simply implicitly defined as nullable, as they are in SQL. Including the customized carrier ipcc? Dons, could you please stop linking to scribd.com? It's slow, it's bloated and it's overall an unusable pain whatever the platform you're trying to run it on. He's also done it at least twice on Reddit in the past 3 days. Though you're right that my wording was pretty awful. I'd edit and rephrase, but apparently I can't edit. > Won't this create more urban sprawl? No, because train stations are usually in or very close to inner city centers (airports are noisy, generate loads of waste and need enormous amounts of space so you have to get them out and far). In fact if done correctly it would probably bring americans back to city centers, closer to the stations and better able to hop onto a train and ride to the next town, 200 miles and an hour away. > I'm also not convinced they won't have security screening for the high speed rail. I don't know of any european nation with anything even remotely close to airport security in train stations. In France, you can literally arrive a minute before departure and hop on your high-speed train (it's not recommended because the risk of missing your train is high, but it's possible). > Sitting in a train is not stress-free, for one thing. It's the closest I've ever known to stress-free transportation unless you include limousines. > here are all these people around you, who you can't just ignore completely Why can't you? You can't fart in public cause that's bad education, but take a book or a laptop, a PMP and a pair of earbuds and you're off. You can also sleep, many do here in the early trains. > It's like being at a party where you know no one, and parties are hard enough to deal with even if you know everyone at them. Uh no it's not, at a party you're supposed to talk to people and socialize. In a train you're supposed to do your own stuff and not bother other travelers. > if there were enough room for a decent-sized laptop between you and the seat in front There is. In France there are even the center/4 places tables with even more room. And that's 2nd class. > you'd still have to put everything away Put what away? Lift your laptop using one hand and get out. > whenever the people away from the aisle wanted out In France's TGV, there's one window seat and one aisle seat. Period. And if you use reservations and are early enough you can pick your seat. I pretty much always get window seat on the upper deck. > Also, when you're driving, there's always the possibility of stopping at something that interests you, or taking a different route. You're in a train to go from point A to point B, not to visit Manitoulin Island. And the different route complaint is nonsensical. > and while you might choose to put yourself in a traveling jail for 12 hours There is no planned US route even remotely reaching 12h. In a current-generation HST, 12h would be more than 2000 miles in a single trip. That's simply not part of the operational range. > I took a train when I moved from Alabama to the DC metro area last year Care = none. We're talking high-speed rail here, not 60 years old trainsets on shit lines. > and Amtrak, the train I took, is subsidized So are airports and highways. > The fully connected graph is a red herring. Until we properly invest in monorail technology Don't you mean maglev rather than monorail? Monorails aren't especially fast. And even with expensive maglev techs, NYC to LA by train will still be long and painful. I don't expect that kind of travels to be worth doing by train (rather than plane) until we manage transcontinental vacuum-pressurized maglev tunnels. > they had to except his "no." They didn't. They could have asked for explanations, justifications, clarifications. He might have given them or not, might have continued the conversation or not (as he notes he did with a student), but that doesn't mean they had to accept his "no" for an answer. > So use two and you get over twice as much light Over 15% more, 2x58 = 116 not >200. Or get a 22W CFL. The issue here is the false claims of equivalence between 60W incandescent and 11W CFL. Note that more of them have been merged to recent Pythons than just the top: the `dict` constructor can now take kwargs (and a first dict argument, which means you can create an extended copy of dict d with `dict(d, foo='bar', baz='buzz')`), there's a `collections.defaultdict` in 2.5, `namedtuple` in 2.6 is pretty similar to his Struct (though not exactly, `namedtuple` is a type builder, Norvig's `struct` is basically a dict with args instead of items). `every` and `some` can be emulated by composing `map` (or a listcomp) with the builtin `any` and `all` (which, for some reason, don't take an optional predicate) http://antoniocangiano.com/2009/09/13/benchmarking-tornado-v... 2000 concurrent requests > No they can't - this version wouldn't short circuit evaluation, which is completely the wrong behavior. Map would have to apply the predicate to every element of the list before any/all kicked in. Just use the lazy map itertools.imap (or Python 3, where `map` is lazy) or replace listcomps by gencomps, any & all take any iterable if you're worried about that. Stop creating problems where there is none. Rails is a Ruby framework, Django is a Python framework. Each one uses the strengths and idioms of its implementation language to be and become better. These ports don't make sense. Clojure is not Ruby, there will always be a disconnect between Clojure as a language and a framework ported from Ruby. OS agnostic would mean he'd accept to touch non-OSX unices as well. Damn… > Tornado is a web framework Not really. It's the combination of an asynchronous HTTP server and an optional web framework. And work is being done [to add WSGI support]( http://github.com/facebook/tornado/commit/8ca616088cfb26ff19... ) so other frameworks can be plugged into the server. At its core, Tornado is a server not a framework. > This article indicates that it may be preferable to the alternative... No. Python 3.0 was never expected to see widespread adoption, nor was it expected that libraries be ported to it. Ever . Python 3.1 is expected to have a better adoption rate, and library porting to start in earnest during its time and even more with Python 3.2 next year, especially with tools such as 3to2 appearing. Everything is going according to the plan, and this plan is the reason why 3.1 was released less than 7 months after 3.0 (3.2 will probably be released early next year, putting barely a year between 3.0 and 3.2). That's also why 2.7 is in the works (and was already planned before the 2.6/3.0 releases), and there might even be a 2.8 (though that's unlikely). edit: when you get down to it, those claiming Python 3 has failed are either morons or FUD-spreader, Fox-style. I'm not saying Python 3 has succeeded, but we won't know whether or not it has failed before the end of 2010 at the earliest. Right now, everything's going according to the plan. Please remember the planning for Python 3000 started for real during the 2003 State of the Python Union. Meanwhile the release of Python 3.0 was in december 2008. The first important step is the rewrite/refactoring/improvement of distutils, which is going on right now. > The best investment in terms of mindshare the twisted project could make at this point would be to simply sit down and write documentation. Making documentations (and contributions to it) a first-class contribution with its bugs & discussions & refactorings, and fun to write (the way the Django project handles it) would probably also go quite a way towards that. > Currently the barrier of entry is too high and I guess too few people are deep enough Thing is, through checking out Django I realized you don't really need to be "deep enough" to contribute to that stuff. The thousand-cut effects applies, and when you're trying to make heads or tails of the doc, you're bleeding from these thousand cuts so you know and understand the doc's pain points. If doc contribs are first-class, then right as you understand the issues and what the doc tries to say, you'll be steered towards opening a documentation bug (and maybe even contributing a patch) for that part. Maybe it's just doing to be a bit of wording, maybe it'll be a link or two to other relevant parts of the doc; maybe it'll be things you'll have figured through your sweat and tears, maybe something you'll have learned by asking a question on IRC. But even as a beginner, you'll have added a little stone and made the doc slightly better through your current understanding. And it's enough. I barely contributed to Django myself, but my first ever contrib was simply pointing out that the `now` tag's format character `n` produced an RFC 2822 date, not an RFC 822 one as written in the doc at the time. It was almost nothing, but it still very slightly improved the documentation for the next guy reading it, and it actually made me feel involved in the project. Even though I didn't have anywhere near the knowledge of the codebase to contribute to the code itself. edit: and re the thousand cuts effect, that's the great thing about making beginners contribute: "old timers" don't notice or remember these small issues (which pile up), because they fill in he blanks or missing parts through their knowledge. I love you Well I don't know if I love you but you sound like somebody I could love. I'm pretty sure the improvement he was talking about is "full" anonymous functions (w/ multiple statements & everything). > programs that took advantage of some of the added support in 2.6 couldn't run on 2.4 kernels. yeah but programs which ran on 2.4 kernels still run on 2.6 right? So the situation is totally different. > If you don't use operator[], then you don't pay for it The feature you pay for without using it is copy on write, not []. In fact it's very clear in the paragraph before the last chunk of code: > If you do use these functions, you risk paying for a write that you don't make > you are either doing site-effects (evil) Uh not necessarily, and even if you are there are many situations where it's interesting and useful. > or using variables inside your closure, so you might as well name it, too Does not follow. > One of the cardinal sins of fashion (at least for heterosexual men) is looking like you're trying too hard. Yes but that's a case of sprezzatura: to stay in fashion (or create trends), you'll need to work hard. But you must make it appear completely natural and done without trying. You just scroll half a screen down and you get a nice > README > > ack is a grep-like tool tailored to working with large trees of source code. Github is about code first and foremost. So it makes sense to have the code up front and center. Projects who want doc on github will fill in the wiki and link to that instead of the tree. Yes. > Esoteric languages are a lot of fun. No esoteric language was mentioned in TFA. > But they're not very productive Esoteric languages aren't "not very productive", they're the most counter-productive langages on the planet. Productivity runs counter to the point of an esoteric language. > Messing around with unstable languages is a lot of fun. It's educational too. But don't build your business around it. Python/Django and Ruby/Rails are only barely stable enough to work with. Thinking that using Haskell, Clean, IO or Lisp will be a net benefit to productivity is foolish. Wow. Cocaine is one hell of a drug. > Arguing with people by intentionally misinterpreting their statements just makes you look stupid and it lowers the tone of the whole discussion. Yes, because purposefully using terms which don't apply to the subject just to insult other people or degrade languages you don't like clearly doesn't. > some esoteric languages, like Haskell, the ML family, Erlang and so on have deep roots None of Haskell, ML or Erlang is an esoteric language. No. Esoteric languages are a fairly clear category of languages created to test the boundaries of language design. Esoteric languages are not created for real-world usage (or even for usage at all), examples of such languages are INTERCAL, Thue, Unlambda, Moo, Befunge or Java2K. They can be turing tarpits (languages with extremely low number of commands), funges (multi-dimensional programs), nondeterministic (from a given global state A and a current instruction f, the next state `f A` of the system can't be predicted)… There's nothing esoteric about a language such as Erlang created very specifically to solve industrial problems, or even about languages originally created for research (ML or Haskell), especially when they've now leaked into practical, real-world programming outside of academia. > I have no idea how it can be interpreted as an insult. http://esolangs.org/wiki/Esoteric_programming_language > It's meant as the opposite of mainstream; languages you won't find at IBM. Then what you're looking for is "non-mainstream". Or maybe "suit-incompatible". And FWIW IBM has a lot of Python stuff in their developerworks site and newsletter. And given Erlang comes from Ericsson, not exactly a small company, it's hardly "suit-incompatible". > Take Python: print used to be a keyword, now it becomes a function. I think it's too late for that kind of change, and it's only a minor blemish in the language anyway. You can't upgrade to Python 3 until every single library on your server has been updated. Stop using Python 3 as an example of "python instability" damn it, it's a change known to be incompatible, it's been in preparation for 5 years, it's not an evolution one's supposed to take lightly and it does not mean the end of the 2.x branch for at least a pair of years. Before that, here's the track record of Python backwards compatibility: you can run Python 1.6 (2000-09-05) code on Python 2.6. In fact that's exactly what ElementTree does. The only way for me to read backlogs is to just keep them open in tabs, at some point I get frustrated by having 50+ tabs open and just triage, read & discard. > At some point my browser will crash, and then will crash again before I’ve restored the previous session. I use Camino so it's happened to me once or twice. I used the history listing to find them again (camino lists both the first and last visits to a given URL, a bunch of URL grouped together with identical last access and first access widely different both from one another and the corresponding last access points to the URLs loaded the last time I launched the browser e.g. after a restart) It wasn't an article but a rant. That was even specified in the introduction: > What follows is a rant laced with profanity. No apologies. Drag and drop deserves no better. > The Palm Pre does this nicely already. Yeah but the Pre is based on the idea that your data lives everywhere but on your phone, so it's setup to handle multiple sources of everything and merging them correctly. The iPhone's software was built with the idea that you have one central identity server (either your mac or an exchange server), so it handle multiple "main" sources… not at all. > Perhaps I'm missing something, but the iPhone instructions ( http://www.google.com/mobile/products/sync.html#p=apple ) tell you to add an Exchange (ActiveSync) account in your iPhone settings, rather than modify your existing Gmail account. You aren't. The goal is to have push gmail, and Apple's gmail client doesn't handle push. So the choices are mobileme (which Google can't access), Yahoo Mail (same) or ActiveSync. Actually, TFA isn't about svn repositories but about using working copies for your production site, and leaving .svn world-readable. svn repositories tend to at least use some kind of HTTP auth (if not https or ssh), but a world-readable .svn means your whole project is available. . It's especially bad because svn puts a .svn in each directory. With e.g. mercurial or git, you can tuck the (visible) site in a subdirectory of the repo itself (project/pages), and the .hg/.git (project/.hg|project/.git) won't be accessible. Of course the best option is still to use exports and symlinks. It's not, but if you ever forget to set this config anywhere, you're hosed. The ideal way is to not take the risk in the first place. You can't forget something you don't have to do. > Using a working copy allows you to deploy your website faster and safer It's clearly faster, it clearly is not safer, as the article demonstrate: if you forget to configure Apache to ignore the repo folders, your source code becomes available to the world. > you can have hooks to do some cleanup and rollbacks are almost free Export to versioned directories, then use symlinks to link your core to the right version of the site, and you get rollbacks for free as well. The only thing a WC gets you is deployment speed. And as usual, PHP is at the top of the game: http://fr2.php.net/.svn/entries (note: interestingly, not all subdomains are open, the us* ones aren't, the uk* ones aren't either, and fr.php.net is also closed) Case in point to complement my previous post: http://fr.php.net/.svn/entries secure http://fr2.php.net/.svn/entries open > Any idea why the Mac crowd seems to shun binary packages? 4 different architectures (PPC/32b, PPC/64, Intel/32 and Intel/64) are probably hell on a binary-only package manager. Source-only is simpler and lighter on the architecture side, though it's much heavier on the client one. Fink does binary packages though, I think. > It's only since the last two or three releases of OS X that they included halfway decent versions of them. And even then, sadly the pretty decent versions don't get updated (OSX 10.6 comes with Python 2.6.1… 2.6.2 was released in April…), so you're essentially SOL between two versions of OSX. > It seems to me that for an approximately equivalent work effort, one can cover a handful of mobile platforms instead of just one. As pretty much everybody who tried it discovered (and PPK is currently documenting, see http://www.quirksmode.org/m/table.html and http://www.quirksmode.org/m/css.html ), while this is simple in theory it's extremely difficult in practice, because there's much more variance within the mobile space than within the desktop one (if you think 10 browsers -- including variants -- over 3 platforms is difficult, consider an order of magnitude more on as many low-power low-perf platforms). Even if you restraint yourself to fairly advanced phones (and don't have to deal with WML, cHTML or XHTML MP) anything beyond basic (unstyled) markup is risky. Thank science the space is currently coalescing into either Webkit or Opera browsers, but it's still a pain. > Like price, comment score is the best indicator of context, class, and quality. It can be when the site is new and only an overall smart population lives on it, but yc is (I guess) growing, and as it grows the quality of the voting (and therefore the score) decreases: insightful comments running against the general opinion get mercilessly downvoted, useless comments matching the general opinion rise. > In fairness to Adobe (and as somebody who has worked briefly for them) even moving things in, say, Photoshop, will result in a monumental outcry from many people who have used it for years and years. Kinda like what happened to Microsoft with Office 2007? MS still did it. And Office 2007 is better for it. It does, since version 7. MySQL also does under InnoDB or Falcon. Other DB with MVCC are BDB, Firebird, InterBase, SQL Server, Sybase, ZODB, CouchDB or ObjectStore. Except "relation managers" are irrelevant when actions blow goats. Sending a PR director to a guy whose family you just shot isn't going to help much. No it's not. JIL might be, but Java isn't anything for "the next X new programming language" except a curse those languages were created to flee from. FWIW, if you want simple (as far as concept & interface go anyway) check out darcs. It probably has the simplest, sanest and sexiest (CL) interface of all modern DVCS (Git, Mercurial, Bazaar, Darcs, …). Plus because of the concepts behind it, cherrypicking is Simply Trivial. Of course, the downside is that those concepts generate other issues. > Is the SPEED of any revision control system ever an issue? Yes, darcs used to have (and probably still has, though to a lesser level) an issue with merge times blowing up exponentially. Anyway stevejohnson took issue with the statement that Mercurial performed roughly on part with Git, you might want to take the issue up to him not davidw. > I actually use git (the branches are really nice for some things) FWIW Mercurial now has git-style branches (called bookmarks, hg's branches are different beasts) Greed is pretty much inherent to capitalistic systems, which reward greed and treat it as a virtue (along with profiteering and selfishness). Or better, buy a CD set. Are you sure they aren't E-IPS? (also, the 24" Cinema Display uses H-IPS — which is better than S-IPS and E-IPS — and is LED backlit) It's as wide as the old 30" Cinema Display, FWIW. > This is really uncalled for - we do like a certain standard of living, but it doesn't mean we're brainwashed consumption machines […] > > Yes, most of my friends have playstations, flat screen TVs, and leased cars. See? That's how brainwashing works: you don't realize it. That's the point. > Just off the top of my head, 25 days off a year (not including public holidays) is the norm in Britain I think the EU mandates 4 or 5 weeks (not sure which), in the US as far as I know there is no federal mandates. Also, paid sick days. > And it's just as easy to say that Europeans have been brainwashed to say things like all Americans are brainwashed to consume, consume, consume. Absolutely, and it's probably just as true. And IntelliJ has integrated the dependency matrix for… quite a long time. > Stupid question: are the Germans allowed to commemorate their dead as well? Who would have the authority to forbid it? Naturally, they don't do it on the 11th of November, they have [Volkstrauertag]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkstrauertag ) (the "national day of mourning") which takes place "two sundays before the first of Advent", which yields the Sunday nearest to the 16th of November (can be any time from the 13th to the 19th, this year it'll be on the 15th). The 11th is actually the starting date of the German Carnival. FWIW Germany has its own day for honoring its fallen. See my comment above, this year it's the 15th of November. > From what I read, Erlang is better at what Go tries to do. Limbo is probably better, Erlang is not a systems/low level language, its aim isn't to come (anywhere) close to C performances, while Go seems to have performances in mind. > Perhaps the author feels that only should be used to place "emphasis" on the text in question, and that it should also be used instead of as strong doesn't give as clear an impression of importance as . That's a pretty weird take on it, given is supposed to put a strong er em phasis than . What would be used instead of , nested s? > Also, if what you need to create is a table of data, then what else would you use beside table. To be fair, TFAA does specify that his rule is about for layout . And yeah, definitely doesn't belong to the list, TFAA's defense of that in the comment is . > I appreciate you clearly stating the relationship between and . No problem. It's pretty much lifted straight from the HTML4 spec: > EM: > Indicates emphasis. > STRONG: > Indicates stronger emphasis. There's a lot of fun stuff in that spec, I don't regret having read it (almost) completely once a long time ago. > but do you think there is an HTML processor out there that notes a subtle semantic difference between bold and strong? Screen reader might. And anyway, the subtle semantic difference between and is that has no semantic significance whatsoever . That's not very subtle. > HTML 4.01 Transitional DOCTYPE: Perfectly fine, use STRICT for l33t designz bonus points. For even more l33t bonus points, use the HTML5 doctype declaration. > Do you have a specific issue with XHTML? Most of it is a lie, and when it's not a lie everything breaks (many JS behaviors change quite a bit in XHTML-as-XML). Also, XML blows goats. > Personally I would say that it's so good that they should probably do away with any non-xml serializations of the DOM... Wow… > # Using jQuery to log out the elements sometimes shows an array like object (perfect) sometimes shows an object with a length (crap) The jQuery object is exactly that. An object. With a length. What do you want Firebug to do, build jQuery support in the extension? Yeah, right. And as to not having random extra plugins, I see at least 3 non-native firebug tabs in the first video... Not saying firebug is ideal or anything, but some of TFA's criticisms barely make any sense (and that comes from somebody mostly using Safari's dev tools these days) > The only thing missing is the ability to plug in extensions (like YSlow) but otherwise I never pull up Firefox anymore. On the fly edition of stuff is also nowhere as good as Firebug's (when it works at all). It would also require far bigger a developer base for Firebug, they're barely keeping up as is (in fact they really aren't if you'd believe TFA and most commenters) The cost of one refresh no, the cost of a dozen refresh and the associated context switches as you swap between your browser and your editor yes. Usually when you're editing stuff in Firebug it's because you're trying, nudging a pixel here, a shade of gray there, trying to get the "right" values to yield the effect you want. Having to go back to the editor is a pain, just as it was before in-browser debuggers, when you had to go back to the editor and add alert() traces all over it. Yeah, doesn't make you think it's a tablet for pedophiles. Did for me, though. The result is probably cached, but for a HEAD you more than likely won't have more than one or two requests for a tarball. Github was also first, I believe. I think many git-persons find there are other services better than Github (in some areas they're interested in if not all of them), but the brain/market share of Github makes it basically a requirement. This post reads like full-blown second-system effect. > Can you explain what this has to do with the iPhone hardware? Nothing, cabalamat is just hating. > This isn't a net neutrality issue. Of course it is. Packets should be packets, if you don't have the network to handle the packets, lower caps or raise prices, don't start making people pay based on the kind of packets they send or receive. It is precisely a NN issue. > " We need to start clamping down a little" issue (I imagine) "Clamping down a little" is not a problem, "clamping down on (VOIP|Gaming|long-lived downloads|P2P streams)" is > One way the major carriers can do this is by disallowing certain kinds of activities. > Is that still 'net neutrality'? If you disallow specific network activities, yes it's a network neutrality issue. > users are not allowed to download files more than 10MB in size I do not believe that is correct. The AppStore application is configured to not download applications over 20MB (up from 10MB since February) over 3G, and the iTunes application does the same thing for music or podcasts, but that's a setting at the application level. I don't think e.g. Safari refuses to download files more than 10 (or 20) MB, or that the connection cuts off with a corrupted file. > That isn't a case of "what" a person can download, but instead an issue of "how much" a person can download in a small period of time. No, because again you're disallowing specific activities (e.g. VOIP, P2P) not certain network behaviors (data streams of over 1MB for over 10mn for instance). Therefore your network management is about activities (traffic shaping) not resources (resources management) which makes it an NN issue. Because you're arbitrarily preventing the users of the network from performing specific activities even though the network itself can handle them. > This is under the presupposition that the price increase was ATT's doing, and they're not doing it because it's taking away from their profits; but instead they're fearing that VOIP will cause an even greater tax on their already strained network. I don't believe that for a second, but again if the issue is resources, then write policies in terms of resources, not activities. Yeah, but they are only because it's a pain to type them on the french AZERTY keyboard: it doesn't have an easy to find dead key for the acute accent. So either you type an accent-less character, or you waste 10mn looking for a way to have the accent in. As far as the Académie Française is concerned, diacritics are not optional. For technical reason though, the Académie clearly states diacritics are not optional. So it should be Étude indeed. Apparently, Transmission used to have issues (may still have them, don't know) and misbehave, leading to its banning from several trackers. In my experience, uTorrent/mac tends to have better performances than Transmission/mac. Still looks and feels pretty not nice (though it has much improved since the early days), so I'm staying with Transmission for now. Also, uTorrent is much lighter on disk (uTorrent.app 4MB, Transmission.app 22.3MB) and a bit lighter on memory (private/real/virtual 7.9/24.5/50.9 vs 14.4/25.9/61.1 unloaded in both cases) They probably didn't think of it initially, and then discovered the lack of referrer. > I was under the impression that the mechanics of each were nearly identical. They're actually very different: with Android you create what's basically a daemon server, no UI but does everything it want, while with OS4 you register against service (there are 7 service types to choose from) and the OS itself runs and manages it, calling your registered service hooks. Android gives far more control, at the cost of more (programmatic) complexity and more battery life risks (a badly implemented daemon/service will kill your battery life quick, whereas on the OS4 since the OS keeps full control of the execution it has a much better shot at managing battery/power issues, and it can more efficiently handle multiple applications registering for the same service). The part that is similar is the handling of non-multitasking-aware applications (regular applications in OS4, applications with no daemon in Android): they're simply frozen in RAM, and killed if memory pressure becomes an issue. Your quote is incomplete, the phrase before it is important: > If an app needs to continue functioning indefinitely while in the background Operative word here being indefinitely, in the paragraph above he describes task completion as well (an application can request up to 10mn [or something, might have changed] to finish handling a task) The Android way has less (if any) limitations (you register a service/daemon which behaves as an application server, it's headless but other than that does whatever it wants). Apple's solution is much more limited (you register tasks against the OS and the OS runs it, which limits what you can do to what the OS itself provides) but the tradeoff is that "debatable" programming has lower chances of eating your battery alive (and the OS can more efficiently handle some services e.g. if 5 different applications asked for GPS/movement notification, the OS can poll the chip once and it will then dispatch that one message to everybody, whereas with the Android solution you'd have 5 different services polling the location API) > One thing that annoys me most about Windows is that I have to use a mouse to manage windows. There are tiling window managers, but none of them can hold a candle to Xmonad. Even though Linux has fewer users, it has better software. It's not XMonad by a long shot, but Windows 7 has much improved shortcuts for moving windows around and doing some basic tiling (left half/right half of a screen, as well as fullscreen and "normal" with the Win-arrows combinations) Yes but that puts the onus of battery-care on the user of the phone. It's fine for geeks (nb: not a put down, I'm in that category myself) which are going to spend half their time between that and the task killer anyway, but that's not the demographic Apple targets, and that's not the kind of tradeoffs they'd find acceptable. Hence their selection of a different solution, which (they believe) gets you 90% of the way with 10% of the costs. Not bazaar as far as I know. Not builtin anyway, and doesn't seem to be in macport's bzr extensions set. In darcs, it's called `trackdown` and mandates usage of a test command, it cannot be used "interactively" (via $vcs bisect --good/$vcs bisect --bad the way git and mercurial can do it) Though, really, stash and rebase -i don't save lives (or even days, especially stash since git has the index). Reflog on the other hand, yes. > Safari would have these same warnings if it was distributed through the App Store. It's just that people expect their phone to come with a web browser. In fact, Safari can be blocked through the Parental Controls on the iPhone. It is entirely intentional. Likewise, parents can lock access to Safari via the parental controls. I utterly fail to see what's abnormal about it, let alone dumb. > There is none, and that's the way it should be, parental control should be done by... parents, not Steve Jobs. Parental control is done by parents, they're merely given tools. If parents don't want those tools, they can just opt not to use them. Did I miss something? Isn't your link the same as the original one? Because tours are not online? Yep, as far as I see they could have bought tickets. It's not like that kind of "feedback" is unexpected after what they pulled. > The established ethic of "cover people artificially warmly so they give you access" isn't necessarily something to be proud of. Uh no the ethical issue is that they broke the law themselves by buying stolen property. And they acted like dicks. Not sucking up is irrelevant and fine, buying stolen shit and flouting that fact isn't. > This is actually a pretty good comparison, and I can get behind his critique of the iPhone's mail app. Likewise. On the other hand, I find interesting that (I think) he compared the iPhone's mail application with Android's GMail application. I was under the impression that Android's own mail application (for everything other than GMail) was less than stellar, but that it would be a better comparison basis (general-purpose MUA) > The mail app will also get improvements like conversations I was under the impression that it would only provide threaded view (much like Mail.app's own), which is a far cry from GMail-type conversation views. A nice improvement for e.g. mailing lists, but not the same thing as GMail's convos. > This is compared with a iPhone 3G But it's comparing with a HTC Hero. While a year younger than the 3G, it's still not a "modern" android phone (not that your argument is completely wrong as it does seem, from the reviews I read on e.g. the N1 or the Incredible, that this impression of UI slowness/unresponsiveness is still there) > It is IMHO one of the main failings of Android - the UI is pokey in places where it will significantly and negatively affect adoption rates and user behavior. I think a bigger issue is the interface's customizability, leading to HTC shipping its own Sense UI rather than working on improving the "main" Android UI (by folding their improvements upstream) > Is it particularly difficult to determine which messages belong to the same conversation? Probably, the outbox might have a different structure than the inbox, and lack some kinds of IDs. > On the other hand, the iPhone Mail interface doesn't get any better if you use MobileMe. Absolutely (well I think you get push support, but that's about it), and I think this here is a core difference between Apple and Google: with Google, the Service (Gmail) is given a seat front and center (its own MUA) because it's what Google "sells", whereas with Apple the service (MobileMe) is really nothing more than a perk, it doesn't have any kind of primary status on the device, and it's not expected that it be the main service for users of the device. > What an unfair review. Compare like units. Uh that's what he did. If anything his comparison was still heavily android-tilted: he compared a 2 years old iPhone 3G with a year-old HTC Hero. > My Droid Uh yeah, so your idea of fairness is to compare a 2 years old iPhone 3G with a 7 month old Droid? > Reviewing Android on the ram/cpu starved Hero doesn't really give Android a chance to shine. Yes, because the 3G is well known not to be CPU and RAM starved (wait, it is, it has half the RAM and ~80% of the Hero's CPU) They're the same. Nice try, no sugar. > But on the Touch, when you scroll past a certain point nothing is rendered except a 'transparent area' style chequerboard. It's likely an issue of RAM starving, is your Touch a first or second generation? (they have a quarter of the Desire's RAM, even the third-gen has only half the RAM) Which says a lot considering it has twice the RAM and 66% more CPU power... (though it has nearly 4 times the surface) > In fact, the much touted speed improvements in froyo are hardly noticeable IMO. As a full-time Android dev, I wish they were. So Froyo improves speed in applications, but doesn't improve UI responsiveness much? Would make sense if most of these improvements come from the JIT: UI stuff (especially responsiveness issues) generally isn't about tight loops, so the JIT compiler wouldn't help much. > I recall reading an article linked from HK a few months back written by an Android OS developer who seemed to think it was a fairly solid crack at the problem. And if they missed a use case (always possible) but still decide against general-purpose background threads (à la android/webos) they can always add a service or two for what they missed. > What would you do differently? I'm guessing he'd just go with desktop-type multitasking, not considering the resources exhaustion issues inherent to a mobile platform. Yeah I get the same feeling, not about copying or anything but they don't really convince, they don't really have that kind of persuasion Jobs has. Apart from Ive, and even with Ive he's persuasive in "one to one", but his talk feels too intimate, it doesn't really work when you're not alone in front of your screen. But in any case, Ive does come off as believing every single word he says with all of his being, the same way Jobs does. And that is convincing. They don't mention the frequency at any point, only that it's an A4. Notice that they don't say anything about RAM either. Though it probably helped as well. There was a slide pointing out that it was based on existing technologies already. > front facing camera with open standards for video calling Which, FWIW, is something that's been available everywhere outside the US for at least 5 years. Not always used much (in Europe anyway), but it's been available for a very long time. > high def video camera and 5 megapixel still camera. The part I found most interesting there is the mention that the megapixel race is misguided again, and that they'd boosted not only the resolution but also the size of the sensor in order to keep them balanced, rather than go with 10MPx and a microscopic sensor. > One thing still to be answered: Is the open standard around video calling really open? open standard doesn't mean open source standard, fwiw. I agree, but still video chat has been pretty ubiquitous in europe and asia, I do believe it's used quite a bit in e.g. Japan, and I've seen deaf people use it in Europe in order to communicate remotely. > I can tether via USB or WiFi USB and Bluetooth tethering available on the iPhone > install apps from websites without using the Market True. > and use free turn-by-turn navigation all while while taking a phone call Always been available on the iPhone, you can do whatever you want while taking a call. With iOS 4, users will be able to do even more. > With Android I feel like I have freedom to do what I want Yeah especially when you don't know what you can do on an iPhone, I find that interesting. > Those were just some examples. My biggest point was the freedom of phone hardware and carrier. I'm happy to report my iphone is entirely free from carriers control. > Also, from everything I've read, AT&T has never supported tethering I'm not in the US and not on AT&T, so in my world I have tethering, Android handsets are 6+ months later and most countries can't even buy apps on the Android market, let alone make them. > Google Maps doesn't have Navigation on the iPhone. Erm... yeah? It's a google soft... > Wireless tethering via SmartPhone is a new feature for people so the demand is pretty low right now it's also something the iPhone has had since iPhoneOS 3.0 a year ago, via bluetooth... Because non-print versions kinda blow. Spanning a single article over 10 pages with a few dozen words per page just so you can get 10 times the ad impression is not acceptable. > Who deletes something without a warning/permission in this age? Without warning or permission? You asked it to upgrade your Safari installation, it upgraded from 4 to 5, what were you expecting exactly? > "Taking a call" is an example, an placeholder for X. Then it's a stupid example, because it's not a placeholder. It's a very specific action and one important for a phone. Important enough that it's always been possible to take a call while doing something else on an iphone. > If you were paying attention, exclusive features for own products is Apple tactics, not Googles. Yet Navigation is s a piece of software by google for google's platform. > Actually, there were people asking why Google bothers with Maps and Voice for iPhone (i.e. why it is helping iPhone at expense of Android). You seem unaware that Maps for iPhone is written entirely by Apple using Google's public APIs. As for voice, it's obviously because getting more people to use Voice plays to Google's advantage. > If you know the answer why, you already know why Google doesn't play platform favorites. because their platform (services) stand on top of other platforms. > I dont think the newspapers are the bad guy here. It's not about good or bad guys here, it's about a business model being deprecated by technology. And part of the web's technology is that the user agent decides of everything . Including not displaying ads if it doesn't want to. Or reformatting layout. Or even displaying nothing at all and only voicing the text. Welcome to the future, your business model is dead or dying, you might or might not survive but your model can not and will not. Unless you manage to stop the march of progress. > +1 for lighttpd. nginx is nice too but its configuration system is much more primitive by comparison. http://agentzh.org/misc/slides/nginx-conf-scripting/nginx-co... disagrees with your assessment of the nginx configuration system. > video chat that ONLY works with other iPhone 4 users... Built on open formats and which they clearly said they were going to submit as an open protocol. > Why would you not call it iChat and allow it to work with desktop-iChat? because it's apparently not an IM application, and Skype will have to take care of that part. > With Qik, any Android phone, or more important any phone period has the ability to communicate with other Qik users regardless of their phone. Uh not really, unless they've fixed the 20s lag (each way). And it's not like Qik can't update their iPhone client. You know, the one which already exists. I believe those phones are on Snapdragon, which is an arch based on the Cortex A8 but not a vanilla A8 is it? > Do you think that Microsoft could ship IE9 with an ad blocker installed and enabled by default? Reader is not an adblocker anymore than Readability or Instapaper are. You guys are completely insane and blowing this out of proportion. Reader is a manually triggered page reformatter, essentially Readability built in, you have to already be on the page and you have to have seen the ads before Reader is even available. The ars article is one of the few that got me to headdesk in years, it's unbelievably stupid. > Readability got popular. It's a good idea so they baked it into the browser. Also, Instapaper. Marco Arment (IP developer) once wrote that some people use IP not for articles they want to read later but for articles they want to read right now , just because it's so good at making articles readable. Thing is, it's not even going to do that. You have to be on the (first) page to trigger Reader, so you'll see ads anyway, and it will fetch all the pages one by one when reformatting them. They just built Readability in the browser (literally, there are acknowledgements to Readability in Saf 5) > Now apple did it, and everybody is crying and said this would hurt publishers. Not even that, Reader is not an ad blocker it's a reformatter, it's a built-in Readability and nothing more. And you have to see the page before you can even trigger readability, so really it's not like it's disappearing your ads. > I don't see this too different from the "Popup Blocker" feature. Remember the days when popup window was the standard way to display ads. Now pretty much every browser comes with popup blocker. In fact, Reader is much less anti-ads than popup blocking ever was. > Chrome and Firefox have a plugin architecture and don't have ad block built-in as shipped. Huge difference there. What difference? Safari 5 has a plugin architecture and doesn't have ad block built-in as shipped. > From what I remember (and I may be mixing up phones here) You don't, but it's not entirely correct: from the early review, the Evo had a bad battery life (as in, noticeably under average for the category), and if 4G was turned on it went from bad to utterly terrible. > Add JIT and you use more battery. That's not entirely correct: the JIT will generate some CPU overhead (and usually quite a bit of memory overhead, probably one of the reasons why Google redefined the baseline at 512MB), but when it does kick in it should generate more efficient code leading to either lower levels of CPU or shorter CPU burst, allowing the CPU to go back to idling faster. Therefore I'd say on average the JIT should either be neutral or should improve battery life a bit, when loading the CPU. > I doubt Sense makes a difference in battery life. It's also my understanding that it's just a home screen; change the preference for which app manages the home screen, and you are back to plain Android. Absolutely not. Sense includes replacement applications for loads of stuff (contact list, phone, etc...) as well as a specific keyboard, it's a complete revamp of the Android UI. Yes, you can configure different crap than the Sense one, but the point is Sense is in no form of shape a vanilla Android environment . In fact, that's one of the parts which feels a lot like fragmentation (of the bad kind) in the Android ecosystem. You have Android on one side, and HTC's Sense on the other side, and they sure as hell don't cooperate, and though the applications are common as far as user knowledge and UI go they might as well be different OSes. Far's I understand, you can't remove it but you can replace (most of) it. By other stuff. > The Apple bid might be real? Feels weird. What sense would it make precisely? ARM only does basic code design, they already have a fabless constructor or two, what would Apple gain by buying ARM, shutting it down and making designs only for Apple themselves? Arm does not produce silicon, they produce designs. And again, what would Apple gain from that control, the right to withhold new ARM generations from e.g. HTC? Unless the Apple execs have gotten very stupid recently, they probably understand that not only would the EU and the US regulatory agency would pay them a visit if they even initiated the move of buying ARM, doing that kind of withholding would land them in scorching hot water. It's one thing to have strange practices when you're the second or third player on the smartphone market (and basically non-existent in the wider mobile phone market in terms of number of units), it's another one to have anti-competitive practices when you have a monopoly on mobile chips. And ARM most definitely has that, there are few if any other architecture for mobile/embedded systems at all, and ARM has pretty much all of the market for mid to top-end embedded stuff. I'm sure they have nice IP, but the point is that IP is embedded in the designs they produce which anybody can license, and which Apple already licenses, at least in part (the A4 is based on the Cortex A8, which is an ARM-designed core) Panasonic does it nicely with it's "Business Rugged" toughbooks (though they're in the same range as Apple's stuff in the price/perfs ratio): * F-series for the high-rugged 14' high mobility (Qualcomm Gobi option) * T-series for the lightweight, 12", touchscreen * W-series for the more consumer oriented with DVD drive * The new C-series for the tablet convertible Series letter comes with a digit (the generation) increased by one each time (F7, F8, F9). There, done. That one didn't work for me, but I got an answer on sjobs@apple.com, for what it's worth. > Thus, writing an entire iOS app in an interpreted language (such as Lua) does not seem likely to be allowed. Indeed, this is pretty much specifically tailored towards games (which are scripted using e.g. Lua but not entirely written in it) or things like emulators. Apparently, Apple has decided to go over Jobs's dislike for games and let them grow further on the platform. > but what happens when someone creates a foo to objective-c compiler - for eg flash to objective-c or mono to objective-c. They already exist and are specifically forbidden by the license (or were last time I checked): the previous update added the requirements that applications be originally written in a supported language, forbidding the usage of a cross-compiler. Now I'm guessing if it's your own for your own stuff (think GOAL) it's going to fly unnoticed, but the minute a cross compiler gets enough traction, you can bet its binaries are going to be fingerprinted and banned on sight. Yes, but that doesn't mean Jobs likes games on his beautiful slab of glass. His initial reaction to them, back in the early days of the SDK (pre-release and right after release) was basically one of disgust. Well it was about the announcement of WebM, his reply was basically the one he'd given about Theora ( http://hugoroy.eu/jobs-os.php ) but shorter and less involved: that WebM is likely subject to existing patents, just like h.264, and that the talk about free-as-in-beer (on top of free-as-in-freedom) is likely a wish. I asked a followup question (on whether Apple would consider the idea, and if Apple's existing patent protection re h.264 wouldn't cover most of the threat landscape in WebOS) but didn't get any further reply. YMMV No, they based their work on readability but it's not like they're just lifting it straight. > As an aside, Apple didn't originally write WebKit, they took it from KHTML. I'm sure Apple has released some other original code as open source. The Darwin kernel's source used to be released (not sure it still is), I believe Clang is originally an Apple project (and so is the recently opened LLDB, a debugger for LLVM), Apple produced quite a few LLVM-related tools in general and they fund much of LLVM's work (including employing a bunch of LLVM contributors). I believe big chunks of the Bonjour zeroconf protocol & impl are also open sourced. When viewed on Camino: Nothing, I get a great big gray page with the Doom Button (the one to read flash) on it. Oh yeah, and if I click on it, I can't copy the titles to my clipboard, my middle button breaks, I don't know where any link leads me and I don't get access to text services anymore. The bottom-right bunch of texts might as well be an image, nothing works on it and the links are completely fucked (instead of linking the text, you have to click the tiny little arrows on the right, how's that for discoverability?). Wheee. At this point, for europe it might just be a better idea to let the TGV network grow outwards from France. It's already started to spread its tendrils in other countries anyway. Not that the network is that good in France though, Paris-Lyon-Marseilles has been nice for years, the connection to Lilles (and now to Bruxelles in Belgium as well) and to London via the channel tunnel is nice, a line recently opened to the east of the country (Strasbourg) but the TGV network has a few glaring issues: * Everything goes through Paris. Lyon-Paris takes 3 hours, Paris-Strasbourg take about the same time, but a direct from Lyon to Strasbourg (not via Paris) takes 6 hours even though there is pretty much the same distance (~450km) betweem all of them (yep, Paris-Lyon-Strasbourg almost forms an equilateral triangle). Likewise Paris-Marseille (800km) takes 4h but Marseille-Nice (south-east to south-east but further east, 200km) will be 3h30 * There are no LGV (high-speed train lines) to western France, they stop at Le Mans and Tours (200~250km from Paris) so travelling from Paris to Marseille (800km) takes 4h, and Paris to Bordeaux (550km) will take you 4h as well (as the TGV has to use regular lines for half the travel). Paris to Toulouse (670km direct, 780km via Bordeaux) will waste at least 7h (TGV to Bordeaux then regional train). Thankfully this is changing, there are new lines in the work and projected to start solving this issue (see dotted lines: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:France_TGV.png ) and overall TGV is awesome, but it's nowhere near perfect right now. PS: I note that my timings differ from Spiegel's, I got mine from the SNCF database so... PPS: For those unfamiliar with french geography and cities, Paris is of course the french capital (inner city population 2.2M, 11.7M including suburbs), Marseilles is France's second biggest city (852k inner, 1.6M metro), Lyon comes third (472k inner but 1.75M metro), Toulouse is the fourth biggest (437k inner, 1.1M metro), Nice stands at 5th (348k inner, 990k metro), Strasbourg 7th (273k inner, 638k metro) and Bordeaux is 9th (250k inner, 1M metro) > The U.S. lacks both the population density and the dearth of a legacy bulk airline/airport network to make large-scale roll-out of high-speed rail service viable. As a whole yes, but that's not really relevant. The US have several big metropolitan areas or groups for which HSR would be perfect: the western corridor between San Diego and SF, the north-east around NY, Ohio (Chicago area), ... Is HSR competitive for NYC-SF? Hell no, not with current techs anyway, but for Chicago-Saint Louis or NYC-Washington? You bet (the question of whether a market exists in this place is another issue). The idea is not that HSR can replace air travel as a whole. It can't. But more locally, it is able to much improve the situation in places where it applies, and there are quite a few of those in the US. The bigger issue in the US is the dislike for trains and the car culture. In the 50s, when Japan and France were thinking about trains (as efficient ways of moving large numbers), the US were investing in roads and cars and in the 60s air travel took of insanely, meanwhile the train was left in the dust when it wasn't knowingly strangled. And through these, Suburbia was born. One of the biggest advantages of train is that it connects city centers (where airport usually require further connection work to reach the cities), and suburbia means deserted and useless city centers. > And don't forget that our current "solution" ... AmTrak ... is probably the worst public train system in the developed world. In absolute, that's true. When you take in account their limitations, mandates and everything however, they're really doing pretty good. Amtrak has pretty been much treated as an enemy (of everybody) from the start, doesn't help. > High speed rail is breathtakingly expensive Expensive yes, breathtakingly no. The recent LGV Est ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGV_Est ) has a budget of 4b€ for 406km (252 miles) or about $20m/mile. London's M25 projects £6.5b for 117 miles, so urban motorways are not cheap either. Completely urban stuff is very expensive, but usually HST is mostly out of urban systems, only getting in to land at a given stop and getting out just as soon. > You can make the same argument about the ICE network. Nope. First because there are big issues with ICE in germany alone, the program isn't in its best shape where TGV is proven and pretty healthy, and second because TGV has already started expanding its network into neighboring countries. > French HS train lines are for passenger traffic only Not 100% correct, the postal service have a pair of trainsets they use for mail. But yes, mostly the french HST is for people, not freight. > Btw. you are missing HS railways in Spain, where it is built in a similar manner to France, there are already complete operational routes, and the service seems to be very successful as well. Correct, the AVE (which is built in a similar manner to France because Alstom got the contract for the first generation "Class 100" AVE in fact the class 100 is basically a Eurostar) and the two network should be linked (so you could take HST from Madrid to Paris) by 2013. > "Downloading an app" is simply going to the web page when you are online initially, and then adding a (possibly automatically) shortcut to the "desktop." FWIW, that's also what you do to pull a web app locally with an iPhone (+ then "Add to Home Screen"). Issue is that there is no visible indication that a webapp can be used locally (as far as I've seen anyway). A nice demo has been glyphboard ( http://mrgan.com/gb/ ) which, when locally installed, provides an app with various "rare" unicode characters (☃, ♪ or ☮ for instance) which you can copy/paste into some other application, but when getting on the original page, nothing in the phone's UI itself tells you there is a local component, the site itself has to point it out. Another thing I'm not too sure about is the updating: according to the dive page, when the browser encounters a manifest of an (locally) existing application, it checks if that manifest is younger than the one it already has. But if what we're opening is the local applications, does it try to check the remote manifest or not? It does seem that the local Glyphboard accesses the original website when I open it (or tries to anyway) according to the iPhone Simulator, but is it how it's supposed to do? > Of course, not every game was like this. Fallout was one of two games offering this much freedom. The other was Fallout 2. There was at least a third one: Arcanum. If anything, Arcanum gave the player even more choices as one of the choices of infinite graduations was the player's navigation between technology and magic, which had consequences throughout the whole game. Arcanum was also the second game series I've known (after Fallout) where playing "evil" throughout the game was actually possible and not a dead end. Not for any value of "play" worth playing. Last time I checked, playing evil in DA meant only being able to do the main quest (unless you start gifting people all around, artificially giving quests back) and giving up pretty much everything that would give any depth to the game. Not having any sidequest does not a fun game make. I don't think the UI issue of knowing whether a web application can be locally installed is a small oner no. It is in fact a huge one, especially in the light of most users not being aware this concept is even possible. It's also not very technical at all. And the issue of update is also an important one, users have been taught that new versions just happen without having to do anything, it's vital that local web applications behave correctly for that as well. > It doesn't really matter if you know its "online" or "offline" I don't think I said anything about on/off line, did I? > It would be my intuition to say its more important to get a prototype working What prototypes? Local web applications work right now on all three modern, webkit-based mobile platforms. The problem is very much the first one I pointed out, namely how does the user know that he can install a web application. Especially since the new model is even smaller and now has an HDMI out built in. Apple is basically telling people the Apple TV is dead. > No intel I3/I5 ? That's disapointing. Intel's fault, no license for NVidia and no OpenCL support in the i3/i5's GPU (and it's still a very, very crappy GPU indeed) means it'd need a dedicated GPU. Reason why the entry-level 15" got one, by the way, and the 13" macbook pro is still using a Core 2. > Apple intro'd built-in SD card slots with the last round of unibody Macbook Pros. Previous, not last (last is mid 2010, SD slot appeared on mid 2009 machines) Because it'd look like crap on the front, probably. The back is already crappy black plastic. Also, the logic board is probably around there so that avoids having to route some kind of cable from front to back in a cramped enclosure. > No its not. it is. It might be reborn later using iOS, but the current system is dead, it's not even featured in the store's front page anymore. > I should imagine these cost more than most people's TVs. But it's far more flexible and useful than the Apple TV (it's a full HTPC, therefore able to stream e.g. Hulu or Youtube), and the addition of HDMI out removes the last big issue it had as an HTPC, compared to an Apple TV. The TV never found its place in the Apple ecosystem and with a smaller, more efficient and more powerful Mini that place just shrunk a bit more. Exportable is not the same thing as naturally distributed though. And git-backed is nice, but with fossil it's fossil-baked as everything is tucked into the exact same repository. > Wikis are first up and we're very close. Well yeah but as far as I understand, with Fossil it's done already, not just close (and I'd say distributed bug trackers are closer than wikis if not done already) > Last I checked Fossil didn't magically generate custom CSS and project logos so I am still going to have to do all that stuff with fossil I believe you really don't want to do that though, last time I checked Fossil generated HTML from C, either directly or getting it out of the sqlite db. > 1. That the hardware was the competition. Apple is a hardware company, that's what they see and compete on. > 2. Google bought a software company to compete in hardware 3. HTC was not making touch screen phones before. hardware and software go hand in hand. Google implemented a touchscreen core since the first public Android release and their base design (the N1) is fully touch-oriented. They clearly set up the Android platform aiming at the segment the iPhone also occupies, putting the platforms head to head. I don't see how you an claim otherwise. > It's more like Windows vs Mac But much, much worse due to Motoblur and Sense: you buy an Android phone, get used to the UI, buy another Android phone and get a completely different UI from the base package . > I can't recall if they still sold the 2G after the 3G came out but it wouldn't surprise me. They didn't, they didn't consider the entry-level market at all (which is what the 3G serves currently and the 3GS will serve after the 4th generation's release) so the 2G got instantly deprecated the day the 3G was released. You missed the issue he was trying to point out. If you want to choose an iPhone, you have a 3GS (low end), a 4/16 and a 4/32. The progression from one to the other is clear and well delineated, the choice is not hard. Now if you want an android phone, you have the N1, the Evo 4G, the Droid Incredible (which is not the same thing as the Droid or the Droid Eris), the Desire and probably half a dozen others for the latest generation on Snapdragon and 2.1 alone . > Every iPhone user can run the latest OS (minus the features the hardware can't support) Not entirely true: the 2G does not get iOS 4 at all, and the 3G likely won't get iOS5. That's for the N1. Most Android-bearing phones are not N1s, and their ability to be updated at all depends on both the builder and the carrier. Many earlier (as in "from last year") android phones still cannot get 2.1 (let alone Froyo) via official channel. Some likely won't ever. Interestingly, european and US International keyboards have symbols on almost all those keys (the only one missing is ^ on CTRL). You never wonder. And for the USIans out there, it means you can buy key caps with the symbols on them, from european caps sellers. They'll have both the abbreviation (alt or cmd) and the symbol. A lot of people have apparently come to deeply hate Apple and vote everything against it up. I'm guessing Steve Jobs ran over quite a lot of puppies last year. That's the only explanation I have for such hatred anyway. That's good. Problem: what about Sense and Motoblur? Think HTC and Moto are going to drop them just because the Android UI bas improved? yeah right... Even if they are startlingly worse (motoblur seems pretty universally hated, and Sense seems to strongly polarize, some people find it very nice, others find it awful and full of useless gradients and badly polished looks), I doubt they're going to drop them. And this is terrible for Android as a platform, in my opinion worse than the issue of hardware fragmentation and maybe even worse than the handsets left in the dust re. OS updates, because it means UI knowledge becomes non-portable from one Android handset to the next, which is horrible. > You're disappointed because HTC, Motorola and Samsung provide choice, or because the choices they provide suck? I'm guessing #2, and they don't merge their (hypothetical) improvements upstream to improve the whole platform. > Apps continue to run in the background No they don't, that's the point. The first multitasking you talk about is basically app hibernation, it gets a CPU priority of 0 (no CPU at all but stays in memory), the rest are OS services the application subscribes to, and then the OS manages the rest. Apart from Task Completion (maybe) the application never runs . With some services (location, background streaming/music, local notifications) a callback may run (on a timer or all the time), but not the whole application, far from it. > As far as I'm aware, this is very similar to the way that Android implements it. Nope, the UI part is handled the same way (by freezing it on switch) but in android there are no OS services, instead a backgrounding application works as a server daemon (faceless) and the UI is a client communicating with the daemon. Faceless daemons don't get frozen, because you can't "switch off" from them. Absolutely. And that, in essence, is probably the biggest issue I see with Android in its fight against the iPhone. It's even worse than Mac vs PC as at least Windows (at a given revision) looked and behaved pretty much the same on every machine. The theming was light (especially early on, when there was no support for it) and manufacturers added crap, but didn't replace whole subsystems just because. I also find that to be an incredibly stupid strategy (but in prisoner's dilemma terms considering all the player are bastards...): the first worry of the players in the mobile phone space should be to drive Apple out of it as fast and as soon as possible, avoid their repeat of the iPod and their conquest of a majority marketshare. Therefore the long term strategy should be to collaborate and make the common platform as good as possible as soon as possible (on all aspects) in order to push Apple out of the market, using hardware to differentiate themselves, and when Apple is stuck into a small minority box (or entirely driven out) they can go back to bickering among themselves and releasing custom shells and stuff. According to the comments the pictures are stored on the SD card. * A factory reset has no reason to clean up the SD card * You'll more than likely keep or wipe the SD card before sale * Pictures on the SD card should be easy for users to find Conclusion: non-story. > (Motorola licensed it.) Actually, Verizon did. Which is why their top mobile lines (Eris, Incredible, initial Droid) are all called Droid, the Droid is called Milestone in Europe. > Imagine HTC comes out with the Droid 2, heh. Which is exactly what happened: the Droid 2 is the Droid Incredible, by HTC. Droid is a Lucasfilm brand licensed by Verizon. Verizon uses that brand on its top of the line Android mobiles: Droid Eris (HTC Hero), Droid/Motorola Droid (Motorola Milestone) and Droid Incredible (HTC Incredible). This means the "Droid" name is solely for the US under verizon, and those phones are called something else out of the US or when released unlocked or by Sprint. And yes, it's incredibly misleading (and annoying as the Droid and the Droid Incredible have completely different UIs for instance as the Incredible uses HTC's Sense UI whereas the Droid ran a crippled stock Android system) > There's plenty of marketshare for both iPhone and Android to take away from RIM and Symbian, not to mention that smartphone market is growing very rapidly as a whole. Symbian is being eaten alive right now and fading fast, so that one's happening, and the iPhone (and Android behind it) have decided to shoot for the wider consumer landscape, not for RIM's entrenched "Enterprise" position. They're slowly adding enterprise-targetted features (VPNs and the likes) but that's secondary for now, they're not trying to battle RIM. Yet anyway. But this is cast as a battle between iOS and Android because they are going head to head in terms of demographics, purpose, abilities, mindshare. The means are different but Google clearly aims Android at the target iOS opened, and it's not like they're shy about it. > Blaming Android for Verizon/Motorola's failings (and your own in not realizing what everyone was saying was _the_ advantage of the Nexus One) as well as rapid technological progress is pathetic. His point is that, unless he buys a N1 maybe, he will never ever have any guarantees that his phone will be kept up to date for even 2 years. Most users are not going to bother with rooting their phones and installing cyanogen. > Cyanogen even supports the ancient G1 to very nearly the latest 2.1 version of android. Disingenuous, Cyanogen specifically supports 4 phones: Dream, Magic, N1 and Droid. Notice the distinct lack of Motorola Devour in the list? Yeah but though I expect the iPad project was a closely guarded secret within Apple, iOS 4 likely wasn't, and the iPhone 4 was probably less of a secret than the pad. Why the iPad team didn't get any hints as to the amount of RAM to put in the thing is beyond me, especially as there are already reports of RAM-limitation issues on the pad (e.g. where iPhone 3gs Safari can keep half a dozen tabs around without reloading them all the time, iPad is apparently unable to) All of the above, pretty much. > And since most of those phons had physical keypads, the UI mechanism for doing it was fairly intuitive Are you joking? I never even realized my old E70 could copy/paste (then again, I never quite looked for it either, but it definitely wasn't obvious), and on more recent efforts for the Pre the copy/paste implementation is an utter disgrace. And yes, it does use the physical keyboard. > For no obvious reason people Lack of front camera sounds like a pretty obvious reason for lack of video chat. > So a big hurrah for Apple's sudden embrace of "open standards" Sudden? Are you joking? > Apple has a pretty good headstart but they have to compete against a whole industry, they don't have a shot. iPod. > Why would the lack of a camera prevent you from wanting to see your newborn grandchild? Nothing, but then again it's already perfectly possible to collect and send videos using the current 3GS. What is not possible is video chat, because there is no frontal camera making chat not video. You might want to notice that Fring has support for video calls on the iPhone yet it's one-way only due to lack of front camera... > Why, when switching between the two cameras is highlighted as a useful feature for videoing your grandchild playing, would only having one of them kill the deal completely. Am I missing something here? That the main point of video chat is to see each other? The ability to switch to the back camera is a feature to temporarily show something to your correspondant. It's a nice feature to complement voice chat, but on its own it's pretty damn pointless and building a video chat application for a back camera makes no sense. > On open standards, are you really telling me that section of the keynote didn't seem odd? No. > Did you consider that it perhaps was a shot across the bow of Google introducing an actual open standard using an open standard video codec rather than H.264? h.264 is an open standard. And it's in fact part of the open standards used for facetime. > And that its implicit message didn't clash horribly with the fact that it won't work even with other some iphones or any macs bought in future? No and no. First one, because older iPhones do not have frontal camera making video chat not an option. Second one, because it piggybacks on the 3G network for the establishment of the connection, macs don't have builtin 3G access so how could they have facetime? Second one, would it be nice if iOS4 also had a regular iChat A/V client? Definitely, shame it doesn't. But it will likely get one, and there will more than likely be a Skype or Fring update using the front camera soon, but it's quite a far cry from the seamlessness apple demonstrated (and probably wanted to build) with facetime. > Obviously we're going to miscommunicate about open standards if you think standards like H.264 are open standards when they're not. They are, by most (if not all) industrial definitions of open standards. > Do we agree that Apple has intentionally limited the software available to older iPhones? That it is actually physically possible to receive(!) video calls on a phone without a front facing camera Of course, why wouldn't it be? > and that there is a market demand for it, both demonstrated by Fring having this feature on iPhone? Not so sure about an actual market (other than fringe) on the subject, no. > Did Apple say at anytime that it will be available over 3G Strongly hinted at it during the keynote. If you're a jailbreaker, 3G Unrestrictor might also work already (though not recommended on AT&T) > or that the standard will be open? Clearly said it during the keynote, and then proceeded to list all the existing open standards it's built on. To complete my other answer, as to the first part, I just checked on the keynote video (~1:33:30 on the official stream), I'll quote: slide appears with "Wi-Fi only in 2010" > FaceTime is going to be WiFi only in 2010, we need to work a little bit with the... cellular providers, get ready for the future [...] Convenience is often on the opposite end of the Security slider. Many people go whole hog on it. Same with privacy, see Facebook. > It strikes me as being very useful in combination with the 'apply' functions. It's very useful with higher-order functions in general. Even more so because most of the languages with operators simply being (binary) infix function calls also default to curried functions[1], which you can easily partially apply. Haskell also has the reverse operation (MLs probably have it as well) of being able to use a binary function as an operator: "a `foo` b" is equivalent to "foo a b", but sometimes reads much better. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Currying Though it's not really, they introduced new controls and chromes which don't make sense on a phone's screen (but do on a tablet's) and the device to screen ratio is completely different. It looks like a big ipod touch (which means people are rapidly familiar with it), but it feels very differently. And of course, even if it were just a big ipod touch none of Apple's (potential) competitors in the field have such a platform. Vista took 7 months to reach 4% market share, 7 took 3 weeks. 7 sold 90 million licenses in its first 4 months. The 3GS and the iPad occupy completely different segments and markets (one of which didn't quite exist before the device was created), Vista and 7 don't. > If I remember correctly, music on the iTunes store works similarly. Interesting, because it definitely doesn't work that way for apps. And I checked with one of the free singles iTunes gives weekly, it does indeed warn me that I'm re-buying the stuff (but detects that I've bought it in the past), it doesn't seem to just launch a re-download. Cements my decision to never buy any music on iTunes. > Yep, apps are different. Apps also have update downloads. Well it's not like anybody's going to update your music files after downloads (though I could see that with books if there is a second edition fixing typos and whatnot) > "If an application is removed in this way, users will receive a notification on their phone." The notification is optional (the Market TOS clearly states that they can remove applications without warning) > And honestly, you're trying to spin the removal of malicious apps as something bad? Really now? The applications removed were not even malicious (and that's straight from the Android Dev blog), they misrepresented themselves in the description but that's pretty much it. So clearly, the Android team allows itself to remove not just malicious applications but any and all application from users's handsets. No, and neither were the applications removed here. > Today something bad is malicious software. Or it might be, it happens that it isn't: > These applications intentionally misrepresented their purpose in order to encourage user downloads, but they were not designed to be used maliciously, and did not have permission to access private data — or system resources beyond permission.INTERNET. > I can only imagine the reaction if a major Apple competitor had the same problem. Apple gets a pass on everything. It's interesting because the same problem has been reported on both the Nexus One and the Evo 4G, yet nobody gives a damn. Oh look, your statement is completely the wrong way around. Same stuff with Google's remote application killing, had Apple done it it'd be all over the web and would be the first link on HN. Google did it, the HN link has already fallen off the front page. Smalltalk "died" before GNU Smalltalk was even usable, if it existed at all. > If you want to check out Smalltalk, check out Squeak or Pharo. You can also download VisualWorks noncommercial. If you're running a windows machine, I found Dolphin pretty enjoyable (if the noncommercial edition is still available, i believe they're working on their next generation but x6 was pretty nice) > This display is going to be huge news once it hits the iPad and MacBook Pros. Which is probably never. Those don't even reach the pixel density of the 2G/3G/3GS. 326ppi? That's already going to be pretty tall order on a 10" screen (the iPad currently stands at 132 ppi, assuming the form factor doesn't change we're talking about increasing the resolution by a factor of 2.5, pumping the resolution to an insane 2560x1920. We're talking about a resolution usually found on 30" computer screens here, and those things are still pretty much all between $1000 and $2000...). The 13.3" macbook pro would have a 3712x2320 screen, the 15.4" would move up to 4200x2625 and the 17" would be sporting a 4000x3000 screen. I heard that the gmail client was much better than the android general mail client. How do you feel about it? (btw mail for iOS is not a very good mail client either, though it looks pretty nice and has been improved a bit in iOS4) > Both handhelds and desktops have been increasing in resolution, and decreasing in cost, for years. That's not entirely correct. 24" at 1920x1200 and 30" at 2560x1600 is something that's been there for years, and these days laptops are regressing rather than progressing: in 2005 I had colleagues with 15" laptops in 1920x1200, these days the majority seems to be 16/9 screens in stupid resolutions (1366x768 seems really common these days in entry-level laptops) > Never is a mighty long time! My never stands for the Macbooks, and probably the iPad as well. By the time we reach the ability to create such densities with acceptable yields on panes bigger than 10 inches, the current names will long have been retired. > Never is a very long time. Is it really impossible that large high-DPI screens will exist in 5-10 years? I'm not quite saying that. I'm saying the birth of those screens is so far away the current brands will very likely have been replaced a long time ago. Those densities on > 10"displays are pie in the sky dreams right now. > For web applications, however, it is acceptable to use JavaScript for every jot & tittle. Fuck everything about that idea. And fuck web "application" which consider it cool to screw with my middle clics. > Trying to implement something like GMail without javascript would just be a waste of time. You're so wrong even google disagrees with you... > but the new breed of web applications require javascript. That simply isn't the case. Unless you're johnny and you can't code, maybe. I believe the point is that, with that syntax, you can't declare multiple same-type pointers on the same line > They've got the #1 machine (by games sold, the metric that counts) That's not quite true, unless you're talking about games sold per console (which isn't that interesting when you're getting outsold by 30% overall) That's sufficiently not true as to be completely false. > Seen Sparkle[1]? It's all the rage in the OSX world. Sparkle doesn't exist to upgrade your app from e.g. paid to free. > Minor nitpick Uh no it's pretty major. > compared to it not being open source, so it's not an ideal one to begin with Sparkle is not open source? Are you high? http://github.com/andymatuschak/Sparkle > So no, it's not bloat. It's just presentation. The overly complex and messy generation of crappy HTML is bloat. > I've seen a bunch of companies/ people using this strategy lately. Making it appear like they're going to make a revolutionary statement that is going to change the world. Valve at E3. Bastards. > Yeah, Posterous are playing a little bit rough A bit rough? They're complete assholes about it. > but Twitpic shouldn't respond to that by making it look like they want to make it difficult for users to export their data. They're not, they haven't blocked anything (not even Posterous's IP block) and clearly said they don't plan on retiring the data export features. > A related case is with Objective-C's memory management scheme which isn't a full GC, but lets you scope your memory allocations. Obj-C 1 right? I believe Obj-C 2 (on OSX, not iOS) has an optional GC, at least for the objective part. Or would I be wrong? Just as with personal plans, organizations with no need for private repos have a free plan available. > the antenna issue seems like it indeed is software and really a non-issue Incorrect. Read the text on the page you linked to and the original Anandtech article: the iPhone 4 loses almost 20dB of signal when holding it naturally in your hand, without using a case. By comparison, a Nexus One loses about 10dB, and the 3GS loses about 3dB. > Because Google cannot sell an Android device on its own. They tried, remember? I'm not sure about that, if you're talking about the N1. They barely even tried to sell it, I see the N1 as defining a (tentative) baseline for Android, which is supported by rumors of its configuration (1GHz CPU, 512MB RAM, 800xwhatever 3.5" screen) being the minimum configuration required for gingerbread. Versus how many iPhones + iPod Touch + iPad? Could you explain how/why you do? I just can't get how you could prefer Android's three-taps-deep switch to text selection mode (for non-editable text), and the text range selection seems so damn imprecise. > The parent comment wasn't making a comparison. That was an absolute comment that Android has no consumers. It's always a comparison. > But to answer your question I don't know how many iOS devices are shipping each day. Do you? No, which is why I'm asking. If I knew I wouldn't have to ask. > This is a great example of why governments should never, ever be involved in proscribing use of specific technologies. I don't know about that. It's now a liability, but a decade ago it probably helped the meteoritic rise of broadband (and broadband-based services including secure ones) and internet usage in Korea. And was part of it anyway (the Korean government very heavily pushed broadband and internet usage in the 90s and early 00s) You and me both, still fighting the good fight \n/ > Apple doesn't advertise the fact that they do keep a list of your purchases. If you call them you should be able to get them to let you re-download all the content you have bought through ITMS. yeah but sadly: 1. the list of stuff bought is pretty well hidden, and it's a pain to get back to the media from there. Steam gives you your library front and center, and from there it's a right and a left click to reinstall 2. for everything other than apps, you can't just re-download the stuff you lost. You have to re-buy it. That sucks. A lot. Here's hoping that improves with a hypothetical iTunes 10 / iTunes Cloud. Offline mode works if you want to go faster and/or need it though. Didn't work a few years ago, but works like a charm nowadays, it's a pleasure. > For publishers to understand why restricting rights of their customers is bad for them, they need to understand this. Steam, and other systems like it are the future. Steam does restrict customer rights (can't resell games for instance). The truly important thing is that the rights your DRM scheme restricts should not be rights the user cares for or wants to use. At the end of the day, experience is king, and Steam's great because the experience is better than piracy's. Ah yeah, forgot to point that out, but in any case it's a pretty sucky experience. There isn't a big button saying "re-download EVERYTHING" and boom everything you ever bought on iTunes gets requeued. > However, it also provides you rights you wouldn't otherwise have. For example, I can reinstall games without having to worry about finding that CD/CD Key. That's not really a right, that's mostly convenience. > If I lose the game DVD, I can't play it anymore. Depends on the game. > With Steam, I now have that right. unless you lose your Steam password that is. > Call it what you will, it's very valuable. I'll just call it what it is. > That's not correct. Of course it is. > You have to lose your steam password and choose not to recover it, which is much easier then if you lose your CD Keys. Or be unable to, which is pretty easy > What was the point of your response? That not only those are not rights, they're definitely not steam-exclusive either. > No, it's not. I've lost my password before. I've been able to recover/change it, and reinstall my games. And just because you have been able to recover your password you cannot fathom that it might be unrecoverable? It's very simple: lose access to contact email address, be fucked. Yes, but in that case it's just a technical limitation, you could have a unified micropayment platform (wasn't DVD Jon trying to build one? Or something?) which would make it as easy for web services as it is for the appstore. > If you're charging $1.00 and have even REASONABLE merchant fees you're going to wind up shelling out $0.40 - 0.50 of every dollar to the merchant processor. And that's without taking account hosting and distribution, as well as the handling (and forwarding) of feedback and crash reports > http://i.reddit.com is a touch better than RedditIsFun It definitely isn't as good as (let alone better than) AlienBlue or even iReddit as far as I'm concerned Would be lower since they only handle payments, and don't have to manage distribution, infrastructure and a bunch of services around the product itself, not just its sale and billing. > The correct way to accomplish 'Off' is 'Pause' followed by 'now wait a while' --which I consider an extremely clumsy move on Apple's part (not the behaviour, which is fine once you discover it, but how un-, and even counter-, intuitive it is). But that wouldn't be "off", that would be "hibernate". Which is what you want most of the time. Off would be a complete power off, and it makes sense that the device's state is not saved to NAND (because most people won't ever need that). The configuration wasn't changed was it? It's the same with e.g. an iPhone, a quick tap of the power button shuts down the screen, a long tap completely shuts off the device. Most people never ever need to completely shut it off. > I agree, and, indeed, I think the behaviour, once discovered, is perfectly sensible; I'm just talking about the initial discovery experience. The initial discovery experience, for most people, is that you don't do anything and you iPod "magically" does the right thing in return. Turns out it isn't the case. Or an OTA update adding it to the init process (though apparently skyagent has not been removed) > Back in the day, cheese usually had those big holes in it Uh that depends on the cheese, a camembert or a maroilles with "big holes" in it is not normal. Erm yes, I apparently mistyped, I meant to write that it had been removed (saying that it hasn't been removed makes low if any sense) > Needs physical buttons. Needs the trackball. No. Really, no. > Still the best precision text selection device I've used on a mobile. I've had no problem with the iOS method so far, and haven't been longing for the return of the trackball at all. > HTC have UI designers. Apple clearly don't Wait, what? > When it comes to text selection, how often do people use it? I ask that in sincere curiosity. I do that pretty regularly to quote in mails and forums on my iOS device. But I think the issue isn't about how often it's used, but how seamless it is. If you can do it without thinking about it, it's good. If you have to stop when you need to select text, it's not. > I find it to be not significantly better than reading on a monitor. Nielsen's tests very emphatically disagree http://www.useit.com/alertbox/ipad-kindle-reading.html > Neilsen tested only speed. Neilsen tested only speed if you read only the first half of the results. You might want to read the next one as well. It's called "User Satisfaction". > You either need type-checking or you don't. That's not really correct. In general, nobody needs type checking (it's not like there's any actually done where it would be needed the most), but it's "free" error checking. Always nice to have. But it is a feature to balance against others. Anyway, considering how weak the type systems of "industry standard" languages are as opposed to Ada, or MLs, or Haskell, the common type-checking trope is mostly a huge joke. > Can you explaint to me what all these little DSLs are useful for? Writeability and readability. The ability to bring in domain experts which have no knowledge whatsoever in programming as well. > but can't really think of many use cases for DSLs (apart from business rules). Any domain-specific knowledge/data may be encoded as a DSL, and benefit from it. The rules of your business, the URL mapping of your framework, the GUI layout of your application, the steps of your tests, ... In fact, they often are (in WPF, XAML is used as a GUI definition DSL; Ant is a domain-specific language for building applications, so is Make). The great advantages of the likes of Ruby, however, is that you can build DSLs in the language itself (you don't have to build your own compiler and translator from DSL to language), which rids you of most of the complexity and limitations of usual DSLs, and lets power users realize that there is a full-blown general-purpose language under the DSL (and use that power when they need it). > No, it's in all likelihood the the parent-son bond has been broken and the parent would like to fix that I'd have thought of a divorce gone bad, and a father barred from seeing his son. It would be even awesomer if it were, given how good the generation would be: http://i.imgur.com/i1xGS.jpg http://i.imgur.com/mv4HA.png http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzxnjIem6V0 > I was making a glib joke, but to answer your question this is the tradeoff of using a not-so-strongly-typed language. Not in this case. In this case it results from: 1. Python historically not having booleans and using 0 and 1 instead 2. As a result, `bool` inherits from `int` for compatibility reasons >>> issubclass(bool, int) True with False mapping to 0 and True to 1 for compatibility purposes >>> int(False), int(True) (0, 1) 3. Add isn't overridden on bool >>> bool.__add__ therefore, when adding two booleans you're really adding two integers. Most non-strongly-typed languages will not have the following behavior >>> "foo" + 3 Traceback (most recent call last): File " ", line 1, in TypeError: cannot concatenate 'str' and 'int' objects In fact, to expand on the latter part of my comment, "weak typing" is generally understood as implying implicit type coercions or conversions at runtime. PHP and Javascript famously convert between numbers and strings depending on a bunch of factors (and usually the wrong way leading to unreliable results). In that sense, Python is a very strongly typed language: from the top of my head, the only example of implicit type conversion in Python is the promotion of `int` to `long`, which has been removed from 3.x (all integer types were unified). All other conversions have to be explicit as far as I remember. That makes Python more strongly (but less statically) typed than Java (see the very strange overloading of the `+` operator when any operand is a string, as well as autoboxing since 1.5) and C# (C# allows for implicit type conversions, including in userland, and the cast operator doubles up as an explicit type conversion operator which I find terrible) Port is optional and defaults to 8000 too. This sounds a bit like fossil, what with storing stuff in a DB and syncing between databases. I think "bolted on" would precisely be the issue. That tends to translate into "bypassable" and "brittle". 3GS will have no more problems than previously (== no problems), 3G will be no better: iOS4 is apparently significantly more memory hungry than iPhoneOS 3, which leaves the RAM-constrained 3G in a bad position. Many applications (including built-in) have come to be quite slow and laggy, and RAM-intensive applications (e.g. big games) have generally taken a turn for the worse. 4.0.1 doesn't look like it has much improved on the situation (apart from the psychological trick of "new release = faster", and the fact that freshly booted phones are less memory-constrained since Mail and Saf's background processes aren't running yet) so far. Unless you need iOS4 features (or iOS4-only apps), i would recommend staying on 3.1 Wait, he comes across as an ideologue for asking for an internal bug tracker and a source control system? Or that code be reviewed? Wow... > Putting the constant left in a conditional means you will never miss an accidental = instead of ==. That's only useful for dumb languages >>> a = 5 >>> if a = 3: print 'ok'; else: print 'nok' File " ", line 1 if a = 3: print 'ok'; else: print 'nok' ^ SyntaxError: invalid syntax Python simply does not allow assignments in conditional contexts. > Not in this case, but Yoda conditions can be useful. Not in Python. Assignments as anything but stand-alone (potentially chained) statements are syntax errors. The parser will not let you write if something = 2: in the first place. This is something that cannot happen in Python. Yoda conditions are entirely pointless in that language. > If anything, Gnome has some similarities with OSX. beyond both having rounded corners? Apart from both having completely crummy file explorers? > Dumb is a strong word, young padawan. I carefully weighted my words, and I rest my case. Beyond the verbosity, my issue with C# (and even worse, Java) is that they're no good at what the web needs. The staticity gets in the way, it means the language has a hard time bridging before the "everything is a String" world of the wider web and the internal "everything is such and such type". These languages are hard (especially with generics) where the web is soft. In Python or Ruby, you can just deserialize JSON to native types, drill down your dicts and lists as needed and call it a day. In C# or Java, you'll have to define exactly how your dicts nest and everything (or give up type safety), and that means you have a much lower flexibility. Finally, C-inherited Java are dreadful at string munging. Which is understandable, they don't really like strings after all, but again the wider web deals with strings a lot (if not almost exclusively), that means one more clash. See article, you can make it behave by using the right image encoding. > It's just a disconnect in cultures - when an old school businessperson uses the term "human resources", they don't actually mean it in a negative, malicious, or callous way. Oh absolutely not, they don't mean anything bad by handling people as they handle objects. They just don't give a damn. Is that supposed to make those considered objects happy? I will note that, in my experience, the only people to ever defend calling people "resources" are managers. > Now welfare is out How? Where? Apart from fox news, I haven't seen welfare as being "out". > In the Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, England and a whole pile of other countries the royal families are pretty well entrenched. But in most of those places royalty is at best the nominal chief executive, with few if any factual power. or the other way around, the iPhone (FaceTime) ads are built around the same structure and the idea of playing hearts like a fiddle. Except where the carousel brings backs the past, FaceTime gives you the present. The first time this clip went round, it was to build a parallel with the FaceTime ads. Because they have the same mechanics, and the same core idea that technology itself is not relevant, at least not to the public at large. What is important is what technology allows/gives/creates. > The title suggests this is usefully related to pitching Yes. In that it might make you understand that you need to find your product's emotional appeal (if it has one) and play on that. Acorn 2 has a free version which already packs quite a punch, FWIW. > This argument comes up against haskell over and over again and I think it is because it has some merit. Yes and no. As with many other things, there's a tradeoff between Haskell's purity and referential transparency and side-effecting constructs such as storing stuff in a local cache, which is what memoization does. You can't litter printfs or cache calls throughout your pure functions either, "for some reason". It makes sense that's it's a pain to do in a (non-IO/state) haskell function, because those are very much about mixing side-effects into the code. A better solution would probably be to integrate memoization at the runtime level, with some compiler hints maybe. That way it becomes an implementation detail not an imperative side-effect, and the world is pure again. Anyway yeah, if you can't bear with Haskell's constraints you can just use something else, such as MLs (in order not to give up static type safety). Whoop the fucking do. > You can litter printfs in your code, you'll just get a lot of hate if you do it in library code that you share. It's fine when debugging to write a "debug printf" function using "unsafePerformIO". Well obviously but I considered we were ignoring such "hacks" as unsafePerformIO. If you introduce it, then all of that is trivial to do so the discussion has no reason to be. > Myth #18: Flash is evil Flash steals my focus and my keyboard shortcuts. Flash is evil. Because GIMP is ugly as sin, a pain to use, overly complicated and terribly huge (the dmg is 78MB versus a 15MB zip file for Acorn). And I'm not even into actual design/drawing. If you want open source software, at least go with Seashore which doesn't look like complete crap. Also, because Acorn is a good image editor and the FlyingMeat crew is damn nice. That's a feature (there is no 64 bit flash version period, whatever the OS is. On Windows and OSX this means that you either use a 32b browser or you use a browser opening the Flash plugin in a separate browser e.g. Safari 4, on Linux I believe you can also go through nspluginwrapper) > The function "unsafePerformIO" is not a hack, it is the tool that allows you to write safe functions with the correct, pure type signature even though the compiler cannot prove that the function is safe. It is a hack, since it subverts the type system. It allows you to write safe functions with a pure (and potentially lying) type signature, but it also has no problem letting you create completely unsafe and broken functions. > The resulting output has type "a -> IO b", but it doesn't actually do IO and it has no side effects ! Of course it does in its implementation, you do have to fill the memoization cache on a miss don't you? > The "unsafePerformIO" function is a non-hack used by careful programmers to expose pure interfaces to code that uses impure constructs. I don't agree with the first part of your declaration. At all. > Of course, unsafe does mean unsafe... you can easily cause segfaults with that thing, you have to use it correctly. And that's why it's a hack, just as using bit shifting instead of multiplication or division is a hack as it relies on the implementation details of the language and the hardware infrastructure. Yeah careful programmers can use it to wring out the latest drop of performance out of their software (assuming there is no optimizing compiler on the platform), but it's still a hack. > It seems to me that there is an element of hypocrisy in some of the complaints above; it is as if they were saying Apart from the "nightmare" part, this statement you made up happens to be factually true. What is your issue with it? It's exactly what happens: in most other langages, every line is indeed unsafePerformIO. Isn't that fact one of the reasons Haskellers give for using haskell in the first place? Maybe you should provide both graphs on a full scale (from 0 to 4.8) to show just how little, in your benchmark, -fomit-frame-pointer brings to the table in 32b (under half a percent using your mean cycles count) versus how much is lost due to it in 64b (nearly +30% cycles) If the scales were flawed, it's in defense of -fomit-frame-pointer: according to his bench, it reduces the cycle count by ~0.3% in 32b, but blows it up by nearly 30% (29.7) in 64b. I have put both graphs on the same image and scaled them correctly, then extended the canvas to the whole scale and finally shrunk the graph back to the original 600px high, this is the result: http://imgur.com/yG3R9 64b on the left, 32 on the right, blue is without -fomit and red is with it. On the 32b graph, you can barely discriminate between with and without, whereas on the 64b graph you can very clearly see it. If he lied, his fault is to have dismissed his own findings as less important than they are. > And yet you haven't answered . Of course I did. You might not have liked my answer, but it won't change: GIMP is garbage. > Why would somebody invest in crippleware ... instead of investing in Photoshop (the industry's standard) Acorn is $0 and does the job very well for the basic stuff. Photoshop CS5 is $699. Why pay $699, or spend 6 month trying to understand the alien ways of GIMP, when you can just get Acorn for free and get done with what you need to? > or in an open-source alternative that is just as capable, only more complicated to use and less standard. Because it's complete and utter garbage. Open-Source garbage doesn't stink less just because it's so free you can make your own. And again, if you're so stuck on OSS, OSX (which you shouldn't be using in the first place since it's not open) has Seashore, which is serviceable, Cocoa and which I note you conveniently ignored. > Personally I love GIMP ... More power to you, eh. You're a minority. Still a small issue: the graphs aren't the same scale (64b goes 0-5; 32b goes 0-4) > Sprint already has a phone on the market Sprint and the Evo 4G are using WiMax though, not LTE, I believe. And though there is no 4G standard yet (LTE is 3.9G, the candidate for 4G is LTE-Advanced) WiMax definitely isn't it. > Are people still showing off their iPhones in 2010? To me, all an iPhone says nowadays is "I may be out on the town right now, but if my boss emails me I'll be able to reply within seconds." I disagree for a number of reasons, but the main four are: * I am directionally challenged and informationally hungry. A smartphone is both a lightweight GPS (which saves my life) and a direct pathway into wikipedia in my pocket (which feeds my brain). Can't get that with a low-end phone. * I use my phone to keep up with various mailing lists (not my boss, professional mail account isn't even on the phone) * I use my phone for offline articles reading via InstaPaper, it's often far more confortable (and simpler) than doing it on a laptop, and I can get 10mn of reading any time I have no current activity * Because I have an iPhone (though it's a lowly 3G) I have quite a number of pretty nice video games, so the phone doubles up as a lightweight portable console and avoids having to carry around a DS or a PSP (though it does severely dent the battery life of the machine) And other, more social people, will no doubt be using their phones for their twittering, facebooking and all other multicast communication channels which are entirely unavailable on a Nokia 3310. Not saying this couldn't breed a backlash due to information overload, but seriously userland "smart" phones have been going strong for nearly a decade in basically every first-world country but the US. Only in the US was it confined to the business side until 2007 and the iPhone broke free from the idea that smartphone = business. You didn't take gzipping in account. Taking it in account, it's 105 bytes. > Usually when writing a program in F# I usually write out the types of the functions I need first, before worrying about how the functions work. And that kind of things can give rise to such wonderful tools as hoogle (a type-based Haskell search engine, specify the type you need and it'll find the matching functions, whose types are often quite good insight as to their purpose) There was nothing about application logic in the post. Quite the opposite in fact (transactional DDL and deferred constraints are things which have no reason to be handled in the applicative layer). It was only about the internal consistency of the data. > You don’t need a culture shift, you need a different political system :) A culture shift is also needed. In most of Europe, being tough on crime is not a requirement for being elected. Furthermore, judiciary usually isn't elected, which avoids judges themselves having to become tough on crime for their next mandate (though they're not immune to hierarchical pressures of course). > No, the stupid 2/3rds rule to pass a budget did that. As well as: * The initiative ballot propositions system (especially combined with the 2/3rds rule) * Proposition 13 (1978) in particular which completely broke taxation in California. Let's imagine Postel's law applies. Postel's law would say that if MobileSafari had a plugin system (or one extensible by third parties anyway), Flash should not be refused. Well, MobileSafari doesn't have a plugin system available to third parties. Thus solving the issue: Postel's Law applies exactly nowhere in this case. What could 'it' refer to but Proposition 13 (1978)? > Transactions can't roll back schema changes That's a feature of postgres rather than a limitation of mysql however. As far as I know the SQL Standard doesn't ask for transactional DDL, Oracle has pretty much no support for transactional DDL (in 10g anyway, each DDL statement is executed in its own transaction and any pending transaction is COMMITted before a DDL), I have no idea about SQL Server. Or maybe the world is getting smarter and seeing actual problems (or non-solutions) for what they are? The problem is that, though operations flow better, it's a good way to hide bugs until you've completely lost its context, and then finding out its source is a pain unless you have a backtracking debugger. An option type, especially one which allows you to lift operations into it (as Haskell's does) is a much better solution as it gives the programmer the choice of behavior: does he not care and just want to keep his option, or does he want to know and unwrap the value within the container? Objective-C allows half of this, but it's generally the wrong half. Most other statically typed languages allow neither solution and are therefore broken. (and don't get me wrong, it's a totally awesome feature and it should be praised to high heaven, but it's an additional feature nonetheless, rather than a limitation of the concurrence) > There is a story that one of the designers of Java was pushing very hard in favour of Java references being non-nullable by default. But Gosling rejected the idea Is there a source for that? And has Gosling apologized to the world since then? (I mean Hoare apologized, Gosling should grovel and beg for forgiveness) > Although you eliminate null pointer exceptions, lazy evaluation does introduce another subtle and very similar class of errors. But those are completely different features, option types don't imply lazy evaluation (and the other way around). OP didn't talk about lazy evaluation once. There might be issues with lazy eval, but that's completely not the subject. No question, really? Postgres was also a bitch to install and work with in the early years, even on really supported platforms. The usability push started with the performance one, from 7.x onwards (2000) and especially with 8.x (2005). This is an utterly terrible idea. Acceptable — barely — in dynamically typed languages, but utterly moronic for a strongly typed language where you can make references null-safe statically and at the type level . Hiding nulls under the carpet is only a recipe for painfully hard to discover bugs in the long run. It's still a bit weird, I think: a lot of the migration to Java was from enterprise C++, and while C++ has null pointers it doesn't have null references. So that wouldn't have been much of a change. > But with every abstraction you're loosing flexibility, because to get an abstraction you're putting the lower parts in a concrete combination. I don't think this is true. You might lose some, you might get some, in a different place, with greatly lowered brainload. Or are you going to argue that lisps are less flexible than C? No, though I don't even see how you could disagree. It doesn't, but it probably is an entry point, especially for older (PC-based) generations: involvement in tech & computing, desire to understand the underside of that world, modding (especially with full-blown programming language e.g. Python for Civ IV, Lua for WoW), involvement in communities more likely than average to be in tech and prog, etc... Playing games other than twitch-shooters also feels a lot like programming in many ways: you have to discover the rules, features and limitations of the system and work within them to reach your goal, and all of these tend to be rather well defined. I can only speak for myself, but video games were indeed what birthed my interest in computers, and later on in programming. At 33k/mo in servers costs it doesn't even remotely cover the servers. > The fact remains that computing power, bandwidth, and storage takes money, which is easy for your average hostile-to-ads user to forget. Uh... therefore reddit gold. That's the point. Conde Nast isn't involved in Reddit's operations. Also, > Actually they're even lower Yeah I like that you declare knowing the costs of Reddit's servers. > but does Reddit even allow photos anywhere besides thumbnails? How is that even relevant? Images cost in bandwidth, not in computing power. > Does Reddit find things only specific to your account Uh yes, on every single submission and comments. The admins clearly stated that what used the most resources was the voting system. As well as every single user (whether you marked them as friends) and the list of links itself, which is extracted from the user's own list of reddits. There is barely anything on a logged in user's page which isn't at least in part specific to that user's account. > I could really go on for a long time No, I don't think so, you've been 0/everything so far, it's time to stop. You shouldn't. It probably isn't the case. > I ran a web app with identical pageview numbers That's cute, but was your web app as hard to cache as Reddit? Scaling a fully static website is trivial, and the more dynamism you include, the harder it becomes. There is barely anything static on a logged in Reddit user's page. > All the people posting dollar figures here and on reddit are drawing from these know costs. The others are quite clearly marked as estimates, this one not really, and the second estimate from the top in the reddit thread (yielding an estimate of $22,390.37/mo) got the following comment by one jedberg: > Yes, once again, you are totally accurate. That is almost exactly what it costs to run reddit, as of today. However, with our projected growth, we're looking to be closer to 350K by the end of the year. note that the comment got that estimate based off 1-year reserved servers, which jedberg's comment suggest is broadly correct rather than 3-year reservations. > Isn't every single subreddit cachable? For logged in users, you're still going to need the voting status for the current user on every single submission as well as that submission's hidden status for the current user to decide whether or not a submission should be displayed in the listing. I believe they almost never hit the DB directly, so these are probably recached immediately (or submitted to both the cache and the DB at the same time), but that still means quite a lot of traffic. If you do that with an always visible toolbar, you lose precious screen real estate: the top bar can just disappear away as you scroll down (with the always available status bar serving as a direct link to it), a bottom toolbar can not do that (note: I don't know if the toolbar hides on the iPad, it does on the iPhones). > hey, 'antirez, what's your take on that? You wrote an ad hoc pager for Redis Antirez referenced this article and explained why he disregarded these advices in the initial Redis VMEM post. Mmmm crap technically he didn't reference this article (explicitly), I should have checked. Admittedly, at this point you could probably consider that 32b machines are legacy and unsupported (FWIW there was a Steam stats thing posted a few months back indicating that more than half of their Windows 7 users were on 64b... I can only expect that those ratios are much higher for unices) Considering reddit's current bare-bones design, a designer would have a hard time coming up with something eating less bandwidth, lest he removed all colors. Wouldn't the other obvious approach (to storing data in an easily queryable form) be to store it in an actual database? As Fossil does (and apparently Veracity as well, but I'm still not too sure whether it's only storing metadata in a DB or if it's storing everything there) for instance? > Since it isn't all that slow to just ask Mercurial for batches of data, there isn't really a need to put it into a database, especially since there is an extra cost of updating the database for every change to the repository. Oh absolutely, my point was that it's simpler if the repo's data is in a DB in the first place. > those languages are not suited for working with graph-oriented data Mmmm that's true. > maybe on-demand permission requests would be better for many of those things, like apple ios does when an app requests your location. Wouldn't change much, 95% of users would still go WANNA USE APPLICATION, DISMISS MEAN BOX NOW Cancel doesn't give them APPLICATION NOW, so it's just training them to reflex-click allow. It's a pavlovian reaction: Cancel -> no application; Allow -> application. If they launched the application, they probably want to see what's in it. > Yes, they do. I am pretty sure they have already removed one application. Two, I believe (though at the same time and by the same author) > Does Android have the ability to remotely kill applications like iOS? Yes, and they already used it a few weeks back: http://android-developers.blogspot.com/2010/06/exercising-ou... > So, Google has a responsibility to check each and every app for malicious intent by the uploader? Yes, that's very much the point of an official, curated application store. Especially when you can sideload applications or use third-party store, the official first-party store being loose and un-trustable makes it not very useful. > The ultimate responsibility of what you run on your computers lies with you Most users have absolutely no sense of IT responsibility, and barely even understand how the thing is supposed to work. > Pushing the responsibility to Google is utterly unfair Not really. It's their store, branded by themselves. To regular users, they're the trusted authority/overseer. > On a desktop, getting to 100% memory usage is a big deal, because it means you're already using a lot of swap. But that's not even true for any OS more modern than Windows XP. Linux, Vista, 7 and OSX all keep huge amounts of data cached when you don't need the memory, just because they can and it's more efficient to restart stuff pulling half of it from RAM than re-reading everything from disk. My macbook currently shows 2.27GB Free out of 8GB RAM, but 2.27GB of those are marked as Inactive (they're cache holding old data which might yet be needed again), yielding a total of 5.73GB in active use. The rest can be reclaimed and reused at a moment's notice if need be. > Would be cooler if you had a job board where consultants could outsource bits of their work to other GitHubbers. Turning GitHub into rentacoder.com? I don't see what would be cool in that. > It would also create a special Github community, where people could trade out work. Moving the reward from being social in nature (the appreciation of your peers, either those who use/contribute to your project or those whose projects you contribute to) to being an exchange of good, cheapening the whole community. And your point is? > for a segment of the market that covers only about 5-10% of desktops. Wait what? > for a segment of the market that covers only about 5-10% of desktops. Wait what? > and I was very surprised by their lack of work ethic/prospect from my first time in Japan Why would you be surprised by their "lack of work ethics"? They got fucked hard, so it's understandable that they aren't going to care much for "the man" anymore: they were told their contract was to work like mad in their studies, get to a good university and end up landing a good job in a multinational where they'd work their whole life slowly climbing up the hierarchy and pretty much guaranteed they'd be there for life. Instead, at the end of their studies they found an utterly slaughtered job market and a crappy economy in which Japan has been stuck for 20 years (especially those who got out during the Lost Decade of the 90s). They don't have "good work ethics" because they've managed not to be stockholm syndrome victims, and because reality showed them strong work ethics didn't matter, and promises were there to be broken. Japan does not have a culture of innovation (that kind of innovation anyway) and nothing in their life or education ever gave them the tools for this. Not to mention being an entrepreneur is a sure way to socially kill oneself in japan, this idea is still widely shunned and looked down upon. You're looking at people who grew without arms and are asking how comes they can't tie their shoelace. And it seems other people understood it. > Another group of people stay on government assistance because they realize that paying for daycare, rent, etc. would add up to more than they make. FWIW I've seen that happen in France: the social safety net tends to be pretty strong, but the transition from that safety net to its absence is anything but smooth. I'd go as far as to say it's pretty abrupt. A decade or so ago, my parents started employing a domestic worker to take care of laundry, sweeping, that kind of stuff. First one was a professional, second one was somebody who'd been "on the dole" for a long time and trying to get out of it (single mother, in her 40s, two children). Went swimmingly early on, but a pair of quarters in she realized she had gone above some kind of cut-off, and as a result she didn't qualify for some govt assistance as well as e.g. government-sponsored holidays for her children. That added up to at least twice what she actually earned. She decided to tough it up and keep trying to climb out, but I'd have understand dropping out: when you start making efforts and all of a sudden your standard of living drops sharply, it's not exactly worth it. > I get the feeling I'd rather be poor in France than poor in the US. Oh so would I, definitely, just saying that the transition back into "productive member of society" often isn't setup/incentivized correctly, and can lead to people not being able to make the transition. And that it would often be a better idea to fix that rather than decide people who stay on aid are lazy fuckers. Most markup languages (indeed most languages) don't have error discovery and recovery built in and specified. HTML5 does, and most of the spec (and probably the parser) is about dealing with error cases. Plus it's not like XML parsers are small. And HTML parsing is far more complex an affair (due to not just blowing up on error) 1. How do you discriminate? 2. What would the point be, apart from annoying every single end user? > In other words, I should come into work completely drenched in sweat? With enough training (build up the habit) and if you don't exert yourself too much (it's not like you have to go 20mph all the way), you shouldn't sweat too much. Add in a pair of showers on work site and you're golden. > In addition, many people commute long distances to work, which may take up to an hour just by car. That's an issue of brain-dead urban planning and stupid personal housing considerations, not of bikes. > Bikes are great, but not very practical. The article, and all of Amsterdam or Münster, already prove you wrong. Why do you make declamations which are already disproven before they even get out your mouth? Most of Europe is far drier than the US. I don't know of any place in Europe which would be similar to Japan or Florida (consistent high heat and very high humidity during months on end in Summer), though they might very well exist. > What's your point exactly? That davidu is not exactly fair in his declaration. > As someone else said, if you just cruise at a conservative pace, you don't even sweat very much. I'm the one who said that... > The trend even seems to be to make Autobahnen out of concrete. It's not exactly a trend, I've seen concrete autobahnen more than 15 years ago, and the early ones were concrete as well. Thank you for managing to express what I couldn't put into words. You have my gratitude. There are also some concrete highways when entering Paris (after the highway gets under Paris's own supervision). They suck. They're bumpy and extremely noisy, a far cry from the smooth and silent flying over the good asphalt of most french highways. > You will never reach the same quality in HTML5 because the iPad has issues relating to CPU, RAM, and bugs or missing features in Safari that Apple doesn't seem too bothered to fix. But those are known (or knowable). It's not like you're dealing with 5 different browsers in 10 different versions here, you're dealing with a single browser in a single version (well two by the end of the year with iOS4.x on iPad) on a single, uniform hardware platform. So the CPU and RAM constraints are well known (and I don't think the BBC app is taxing there), and the bugs or missing features in Safari Mobile can be worked around. Furthermore you can easily rely on proprietary stuff such as custom JS or CSS rules for transforms & stuff, which is a much bigger issue on the open web. Q: why not do an offline application? As far as I can tell, you don't talk about manifests and "offlining" it as if it were the normal BBC application. Any reason? This discussion was, in fact, making the rounds of the standardistas a week or two ago (following the release of html5test). Not only did everybody agree with your assessment, but most of them thought it was good (only a few people such as Tantek are trying to make HTML5 refer only to the W3C HTML5 spec... they'll fail). As Chris Wilson insightfully put it: > HTML5 is now a brand, more than it is a specification. There are a variety of reasons for that, and a variety of persons “responsible” for that confusion, but the ship has sailed. See also: http://www.zeldman.com/2010/08/01/html5-test/ http://jeffcroft.com/blog/2010/aug/02/term-html5/ http://blog.codinginparadise.org/2010/06/why-im-going-to-kee... http://www.zeldman.com/2010/08/03/html5-fuzzies/ Beyond a w3c spec, HTML5 is now a brand. An umbrella term for a number of related technologies which go far beyond the W3C spec called "HTML5" and includes CSS3, microdata, geolocation, local storage, JS remote communication, SVG, Canvas, ... We had that discussion with AJAX in the past. The one on the side of strict interpretation of the acronym failed. They'll fail again if they try to fight this one. > which is almost always entirely freeform, or at least is up to complex and opaque rules that vary by city. And then, you get different countries. And shit hits the fan hard. > So far, Apple has failed miserably at cloud computing experiences. So far, Apple has barely showed any interest in it. How can they fail at something they never even tried? Sure, I see them trying in the future (and maybe failing at that point). > What about MobileMe? Doing something with iDisk/me.com. > I'd say they've tried I don't. > C'mon, Ruby's just Python with slightly different syntax. That's overall true, but the pervasive use of blocks (as crippled as they may be) and a culture of metaprogramming, as well as some Perlish inheritance (I would guess) can lead to significant differences in ways of working, code being produced and community building. Ruby and Python are very similar syntactically and semantically, but have greatly diverge socially. > It's glorified PHP. That I completely disagree with, though. And the paragraph which precedes. > Thanks for making the Web a more horrible place (step by tiny step)... Oh, insanity, how beautiful you are. You don't. His apps were developed and in the store before he was hired, Apple's policy doesn't seem to allow their own employees to develop appstore apps in their spare time, and only allows them to have stuff in the appstore (in their name) if that stuff was there before they got hired. Which is what happened in this case. RPG simply grow out from pen-and-paper RPGs, which are basically collaborative storytelling. > Moreover, there seems to be way too much stuff to collect. And if keeping the right stuff is important, it's not at all clear what the tradeoffs are. I'd like to know what kind of RPGs you're talking about here. In most good RPGs (e.g. the great days of Black Isle & al), packratting is very much optional. Packratting tends to be a characteristic of A-RPG more than "Western" (aka "true") RPGs. > The quests tend to be rather similar and are not much fun. > There's also too much grinding. Same question as above, a good RPG is a crafted experience, and a well crafted experience is terrific. Would you per chance be talking about MMORPGs? > but they are not as fundamental as chess. There's too much to learn and it's not obvious why people would find them fun. Chess and go and other such games are simplifications of war from a general's point of view. They're played by people who want to battle strategically without shedding blood. RTS are "realifications" of those, standing closer to actual wars. That's why they're fun: you build yourself, you set up strategy and tactics, you try to understand your opponent's and react to that, ... Yep, I believe 20 working days is the european legal minimum, official holidays excluded. Countries can go above (Finland and France mandate a minimum of 5 weeks). That's a function with no dependencies. Still a function. 6310i? 3 buttons too many for "simple" phone. go with a 3310. It's about as barebones as you can without going back to rotary phones. I don't really get why, since you can't use a namespace before it's defined and namespaces are scoped. The only reason why you'd have to stream through twice is if you wanted a list of all namespaces in the document at the start of your parsing, and why would you want that (let alone care about it)? > There really isn't that much to them, in my opinion, but every time I encounter them in the wild, they're never implemented correctly, with the variance ranging from really, really wrong to just sort of off. My biggest issue with namespaces is the dichotomy between namespace URLs and namespace prefixes, and most people not understanding that prefixes are actually aliases for the URLs. For that reason, I quite like Clark's notation for namespaces (which is used by ElementTree and LXML), it makes the relation between element and namespace much clearer. Shame you can't use it in XML documents or XPath queries. Also, that the default namespace only applies to elements, not attributes. I kind-of understand why they did that, but it's still very annoying. > Some people use the namespaces in what appears to be a decorative manner. Some people mandate that the prefix be a certain thing works while doesn't Oh yeah. Isn't it maven or something, which does that? Or did? I know I encountered it once or twice and I was using ElementTree 1.2 at the time (the one that went into the Python stdlib... and still is) and it doesn't keep track of XML namespace aliases (or defaults for that matter, and doesn't let you set them short of hacking through the private and undocumented namespace map) so everything comes out as `ns0:foo`, `ns1:bar`, ... Perfectly valid, and then you have a retarded tool which doesn't actually understand namespaces (even though the example documents say you need a namespace spec) and want an element called `foo:bar` and not "the element `bar` in the namespace http://foo.com . > Some things get it right with xmlns:* , but don't understand what the bare xmlns itself means, so they only trigger namespace logic if there's a colon in the tag. When that happens, somebody ought to get shot. Default namespaces are one of the most basic parts of namespaces (and it's not that hard to parse , though production might be a different issue). > I'm still waiting to encounter the standard or software that actually uses them correctly. libxml2 tended to work quite well in my experience (mostly though lxml), though I don't doubt I just missed its bugs. edit: damn it, is there no way to escape those damn asterisks in yc? Yes, Oscillococcinum, the wonderful 200C "preparation" of duck liver, which statically can not contain anything but sugar. > The Placebo effect is also used in the farmaceutical industry to sell old drugs under new names. That makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. > There are dozens and dozens of products based on a combination of Paracetamol and Vitamin C. And? And they're all functions (or function groups), apart from the one or two that are command-line utilities. At the end of the day, they're libraries. Small libraries? Sure, but still libraries. > I'm of the opinion that you can only truly despise XML if you've tried to write a parser for it yourself. Or had to work with any of the utterly terrible xml dialects out there, which represents about 90% of them first and foremost xslt and xsd. Or had to deal with the various bugs in parsers, or with most people's (and software's) complete and utter inability to correctly deal with xml namespaces. I have found quite the opposite. Most of his gripes would be easily fixed by matching his usage of the software to his issues/requirements for them, and about half of it either barely sensical whining or a desire to fundamentally change 90% of the human population (which is not going to happen). > But I should clarify, I am a huge proponent of namespaces -- I think they're great They're nice, but generally misimplemented, misunderstood and misused. > I'd just prefer them to be declared at the start of the document. I'm not sure why. It's nicer when you have to read the document yourself for sure (but then again, XML is rarely actually nice to read), but when mechanically processing it it shouldn't be relevant: just use each node as a (ns, name) pair where ns is the namespace's URI (not its alias) and name is the localname. In that case, what does early declaration bring to the equation? > This is basically a spam filtering problem, and you're blaming the guy getting spammed. Only the gripe displayed in the video (and #2 on his list) is a spam issue, and it's trivially fixed by disabling auditory alerts, which are not only generally useless but systematically annoying. Let's check the other ones: > It’s not a conversation until both sides are engaged. Maybe it's not a conversation at all, and just an RFI or whatever. Furthermore, if you're not available set your status to one that matches instead of marking yourself as available at all time . You can even default your status to "Not Available" or "Do Not Disturb". That way, people won't assume you're available... which is what you're saying by using the "Available" status. Waiting for a SYN/ACK on IMs is entirely useless and highly counter-productive, you can ACK when you reply. In fact it's very annoying because I'm out taking a shit and instead of asking whatever you need and going on with your life as I come back and reply, you're either waiting in front of your screen for my ACK, or you're gone doing something else and by the time you come back I've ACKed and then I'm gone again, resetting the whole process. If you want to converse, use VOIP. > Don’t just jump right into a phone call. It’s polite to send a chat message first saying “online? time for a quick Skype call?” It’s annoying when the Skype phone starts ringing randomly. it doesn't ring randomly, it rings when somebody calls, because they have something to tell you in person. Don't want to answer the call? Then don't > And all I wanted was a little bit of quiet. See again, use your status already, if you're not available say you aren't . > Video calls are not a God given right. Just because you want to do video right now doesn’t mean I want to. Settings > Video > Show that I have video to > no one. > Don’t assume confidentiality. That has nothing to etiquette, it only has to do with not being retarded. > Why not "if you want to converse, go visit them"? Because you can't hit a button and be at their doorstep. With skype, calling and texting have the same technical cost. > The skype approach seems far more preferable. My guess is that as SMS/IM/VOIP becomes more ubiquitous the standard etiquette will be to ask before calling. That makes sense for services where voice is a peripheral system (MSN, iChat, ...) but I fail to see what sense it makes for Skype, which is first and foremost a VOIP system, with instant messaging tacked on. If you don't want VOIP as a primary communication device, here's an idea: don't use a VOIP service as you primary communication network. Use some other IM, and when somebody requests a voice communication and you allow for it, you start the call (from a skype account set as invisible) > Copyright laws are designed to ensure that authors and performers receive compensation for their labors without fear of theft and to encourage them to continue their work. The laws are not intended to provide income for generations of an author’s heirs, particularly at the cost of keeping works of art out of the public’s reach. How are they not, when they're set at decades past the author's death? The Berne Convention mandates that all works other than photography and cinematography are to be copyrighted until at least 50 years past the author's death. And as usual countries are free to go even further: the European "Copyright Directive" (2001/29/EC) extends it to 70 years (as does the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act of 1998 in the US). How is this anything but providing income for generations of an author's heir exactly? > Providing income for heirs is not unreasonable. I am not saying anything about it being reasonable or not, I'm just pointing out that the article is obviously incorrect on that point. > This application, bogus or not, is targeted to the possibility that you steal your own phone. Uh... how? And what sense does that even make? How can you steal what you already own exactly? 1. That doesn't even come close to technically incorrect. 2. Nothing in the application or idea of the software hints at such a use. A much more likely use case (the only sane one unless you're looking out for the black helicopters) is an extension of the existing "find my phone" set of features, which allow the phone's owner to locate and attempt to recover a lost or stolen piece of property "The Government" doesn't need this. Your standard phone already has everything it needs to locate you and tap your communications. > Most people don't realize that they are trading their privacy for a shiny GUI when they buy an iPhone You do realize that you trade privacy for convenience every time you carry a cell phone with you — unless it's a one-time phone with prepaid SIMs — don't you? There is no need for "a shiny GUI" for that, be it Apple's, Google's or HP's. i pay 30€ for (up to) 20MB Interwebs. Hulu doesn't exist here though. > Is that hard? No, but he never said it was hard. > What hoops are there? it's not built into the HTTP request process, even though async HTTP is what you want... basically always. With the example, for every single type of request you have to create a new class. If you generalize the thing a bit, you only have to write an anonymous class every time. He's comparing that to NSURLConnection where 3 out of the 4 constructors (well technically 1 constructor and 2 initializers) are asynchronous and simply take a request and a delegate (total: one line). Though on BBs, the blinking is a feature: it's your blackberry craving for your attention, like a cat pawing into your sides or your dealer calling your phone. I hear most BB users like it a lot. Except most of the oil-riches are stashed away, not spent as it is in Saudi Arabia. > Perian (basically ffmpeg for Quicktime) being one of the must-have installs on Mac OS X in order to play any video/audio codecs and containers outside the blessed subset that Apple chooses to support. Or just not using QuickTime Player, which was basically mandatory in previous versions as QuickTime Player rather sucked balls (QuickTime Player X is pretty big improvement over the Player 7 so it's a viable option) > Which is just stupid and ignorant. Different codecs are good for different use cases. That's irrelevant, any codec(s) has to be implemented across the board or everything's broken. That's the point. There are basically 3 image formats at this point, but everybody supports them. If half the browsers only supported GIF and the other half only supported PNGs (and nobody supported JPEG at all), displaying image would be a chore. And it's not like recompressing images is a big deal, that can be automated and takes a fraction of a second for most images. Compressing video on the other hand... takes hours and quite a bit of fiddling with a dozen of mind-numbingly boring compressor options to get the best bang for your buck. > That's all that the end user really cares about, and that is easily accomplished by using the codec frameworks already present in most modern operating systems. Yes, and now your cross-platform browser has widely different behaviors from one platform to the next, fantastic. > Do you think so little of the vendors that you believe they won't want to fix an error in a widely-used security-critical OS component? Considering he never said that... no? > Do you think so little of the ability of the Mozilla team to communicate on the details on a matter of platform security? Pointless, that'll still get them blamed. > And if you're rolling your own code for common tasks, there will still be issues. You'll all of them, too. And you'll have a much larger project. You have a larger project but you control all the variables, or as many as you can anyway. And you can handle everything on your schedule, you don't have to depend on a third party which may or may not play ball with you (and may have absolutely no interest in playing ball). > Only Firefox (and Opera) has decided not to support AVC. And Chromium. Because Google's h.264 license only covers the Chrome they distribute themselves, which leads us to... > To me Firefox sounds like they want things their way and they can't compromise in any form. They don't have the money to pay for it, and even if they did the money would only cover Firefox distributed by the Mozilla Foundation themselves in binary form. Which means for instance that no unice out there would be covered (neither linux nor BSD) as they pretty much all repackage upstream and each of them would have to pay for its own license. So that option is dumb, to start with. As to the OS stuff, as I said above that implies the capabilities of firefox would be widely different depending on the OS and its precise configuration. Not to mention most of the Firefox userbase is still on Windows XP, which doesn't get Microsoft's built-in h.264 support. > How are they doing now with Flash? Any record of users complaining with Firefox for a Flash bug? Uh yes? Users complain about the browser when Flash crashes it, why do you think Firefox finally moved Flash to an external process, following the lead of Chrome and Safari (and MSIE?). Sure Flash having no 64b support plays a role, but it's not like most users realize it when Flash is involved in making their browser burst in flames or crawl to a halt. I understand that Harmony's VM is a JVM, Dalvik is a circumvention of Sun's J2ME, which is a different issue (I believe Sun tried to protect J2ME far more strongly than the regular JVM, it's licensed differently and stuff) > What Oracle is doing is absolutely no different than what SCO was engaged in. SCO asserted ownership of code they didn't own and licenses they didn't have. How is that even remotely similar? > We started to believe that perhaps there was some hard-wiring about gender . Uh... gender, perhaps? And OCaml has had a time-traveling debugger since forever. > Debuggers are common for compiled languages, less common for scripting languages . First, if your bourne shell scripts have grown so much you need a debugger, you might want to consider there are other issues than the lack of a debugger for the bourne shell. Second, there are debuggers for bash, zsh and ksh. And probably others many other shells. > I'm sure Guinness also advertise heavily in the US and other markets. Indeed they do, but I'd say it's advertisement to make themselves known at all, not to differentiate themselves. Outside the british isles, there are few Guiness-like beers outside of Guiness itself (or more precisely the others are pretty much unknown to the vast majority of the populations). > I think scripting language here is more in reference to python/ruby/perl Given all of them have multiple debuggers, I thought that the original comment couldn't imply that as that would make it entirely and irredeemably wrong. Also, screw the qualifier "scripting language" for full-fledged general-purpose programming languages. Erlang is sometimes used for scripting, does that make it "a scripting language"? Let me quote my own comment: > or more precisely the others are pretty much unknown to the vast majority of the populations And they really aren't fighting it very hard. The last thing they fixed was a remotely exploitable hole which, when combined with another bug, let remote root a phone without the user's knowledge from a mere web page. No, I mean that the last time they "fought jailbreaking" was by fixing a horrendous remotely exploitable security bug. Not exactly a stunning example of fighting jailbreaking. I want to believe the issue most people have is not that she killed puppies (who doesn't?) but the glee with which she threw them across the river, and her obvious enjoyment of the task as she asked to be filmed and then uploaded it on the tubes. > poor performance, bone-headed development priorities (#1 being the iTunes "integration" snafu), no meaningful updates, long-standing unresolved bugs, and an impoverished marketplace. And all of that is heartbreaking considering the potential in webOS and the things it thinks (if not does) right. > Uh, shouldn't that be "Cryptonomicon"? Doubtful. There are no (t much anyway) virtual worlds in Cryptonomicon, though there is a "startup". Snow Crash, on the other hand, has the metaverse. So the qualification seems perfectly correct as far as I'm concerned. I don't find that interpretation much more encouraging, though, as I'm not sure wtf they're talking about (second life?) and where they're trying to go with that. > It means that Jobs would like to avoid the fiasco he faced last time when every journalist in the room was attempting to live stream the broadcast via WIFI. Or it's just that they believe to have found a way to stream to half the interwebs in real time. A few years ago Apple used to have life QuickTime feeds of their conference after all. > If we are to judge by those system requirements, this is not just h264 streaming on html5 Is HTML5's even able to handle live streaming? > Are they doing all of this today? No. Because they don't really care. They're not trying to understand your behavior to display ads you're more likely to click on. Google? it's their core business. > The labor theory of value has an old and distinguished pedigree: It's funny how you imply that the socialist concepts are neither old not distinguished. Well Ragel supports Ruby code output as well (it can generate any of C, C++, Objective-C, D, Java and Ruby). But I'd be surprised if Mongrel used that. And has more traffic than Digg already... > Can you imagine what it would mean to a small business with 3 employees if one of those employees goes on a 18-month paid break? You do realize that the paid leave is 1. not 100% of salary and 2. not fully paid by the employer, but funded in no small part by taxes on the general population? Furthermore, if it's a "small business with 3 employees" (or 6, or even a dozen) chances are those people are at least somewhat close and talk to one another. And they know that it's not in their interest to bankrupt the business. There are generally ways to reach an arrangement: try to push the paternity itself further, correctly plan the pat' leave, use part-time instead, etc... i don't doubt that , why would ragel generate Ruby code if nobody used it? I just doubt mongrel used ruby ragel-generated code. > I don't believe the assumption that every download is a lost sale is remotely true. They don't either. > Today the screen is 132 ppi - taking that up to 326 ppi would make it somewhere in the vicinity of 2528x1896. They wouldn't actually do that. They'd "just" double the resolution so the applications can easily be scaled up losslessly, as with the iPhone 4. So you'd get a 2048x1536 screen at 264dpi (one thing to consider is that you'd probably hold your iPad further from your eyes than your iPhone, so the you can have slightly bigger pixels). Modern hardware absolutely isn't able to provide such pixel densities on such a small surface at an affordable price, and even less able to drive those things using mobile CPUs and GPUs (we're talking about the resolution of your average 30" screen, which still kicks modern GPUs in the teeth) > Actually, if you're into cool, trendier, up-and-coming, non-mainstream music, Ping is pretty fantastic. No. Really, no it's not. Than Hoare's CSP? Yeah. Than this proposal? Absolutely not. This presentation is from 2007 (and so is Go), Plan9 was released in 1992, Erlang dates back to 1986. If it can block, there's probably a lock. It's also multiple-producer multiple-consumer, I'm not sure there are lockless implementations even for non-blocking versions of that. > That can be an advantage. Space isn't always what I want for backups Most if not all "compression" formats (and software) offer a "store" compressor which stores the data as-is, without applying any compression filter. > Yes, prostitution is illegal. It long has been Uh? Is it? Is prostitution actually illegal in the US or just streetwalking, or brothels, stuff like that? "Networks"? But that has nothing to do with the sizeof(). It's a completely independent issue. > A byte is always 8 bits, and therefore contains unsigned numbers 0 to 255 inclusive. That definitely isn't true. Historically, bytes went from 5 to 16 bits, it was just the number of bits required to handle a character. If you want to talk specifically about 8-bit bytes in an architecture-independent manner, use the word "octet" (which happens to be the word french people generally use). `char` is a technically independent (though often related) datatype defined as being >= 8 bits by the ANSI standard and the definition of `sizeof(char) == 1` is an axiom of the ANSI standard, not the consequence of anything but itself, though the standard definitely seems to confound (confuse?) chars and bytes: 2 The sizeof operator yields the size (in bytes) of its operand, which may be an expression or the parenthesized name of a type. The size is determined from the type of the operand. The result is an integer. If the type of the operand is a variable length array type, the operand is evaluated; otherwise, the operand is not evaluated and the result is an integer constant. 3 When applied to an operand that has type char, unsigned char, or signed char, (or a qualified version thereof) the result is 1. When applied to an operand that has array type, the result is the total number of bytes in the array.88) When applied to an operand that has structure or union type, the result is the total number of bytes in such an object, including internal and trailing padding. Wow, there really are areas where the US suck hard. > I am on the fence for HOUR_PER_DAY and MINUTE_PER_HOUR, because they never change, but they at least add a certain security if you chain them together. bar = lengthInSeconds * SECONDS_IN_MINUTE * MINUTES_IN_HOUR * DAYS_IN_YEAR. Ideally, especially if you're using a strongly typed language, you should just use time-unit types (or at least macros or inlinable functions) for that: `fromSeconds(lengthInSeconds).toYears()`, lengthInSeconds.seconds.to_year, `SECONDS_TO_YEARS(lengthInSeconds)`, new TimeSpan(seconds=lengthInSeconds).toYears(), etc...) folklore.org paints a pretty interesting picture of Jef Raskin, and one which indicates his words should be carefully weighted and not taken at any more face value than those of Jobs. For instance: > Whatever idea that you came up with, Jef Raskin had a tendency to claim that he invented it at some earlier point. folklore also shows Jobs's contribution very differently than Raskin's own take: > The plan of record for the Macintosh industrial design was still the one conceived by Jef Raskin, which chose a horizontally oriented, lunch-box type shape, with the keyboard folding up into the lid of the computer for easy transportability, kind of like the Osborne I, which we weren't aware of at the time. But Steve had a real passion for industrial design, and he never seriously considered following Jef's recommendations. As well as complete and utter disagreement with what was apparently written by Raskin, behold from ZeroGravitas's link: > The elimination of slots had been dictated by Jobs, however I thought this would hamstring the product. Thus I invented the all-important bus diagnostic port discussed below Whereas on folklore.org: > But Jef Raskin had a very different point of view. He thought that slots were inherently complex, and were one of the obstacles holding back personal computers from reaching a wider audience. He thought that hardware expandability made it more difficult for third party software writers since they couldn't rely on the consistency of the underlying hardware. His Macintosh vision had Apple cranking out millions of identical, easy to use, low cost appliance computers and since hardware expandability would add significant cost and complexity it was therefore avoided. > Apple's other co-founder, Steve Jobs, didn't agree with Jef about many things, but they both felt the same way about hardware expandability: it was a bug instead of a feature. Steve was reportedly against having slots in the Apple II back in the days of yore, and felt even stronger about slots for the Mac. He decreed that the Macintosh would remain perpetually bereft of slots, enclosed in a tightly sealed case, with only the limited expandability of the two serial ports. > Mac hardware designer Burrell Smith and his assistant Brian Howard understood Steve's rationale, but they felt differently about the proper course of action. Burrell had already watched the Macintosh's hopelessly optimistic schedule start to slip indefinitely, and he was unable to predict when the Mac's pioneering software would be finished, if ever. He was afraid that Moore's Law would make his delayed hardware obsolete before it ever came to market. He thought it was prudent to build in as much flexibility as possible, as long as it didn't cost too much. > Burrell decided to add a single, simple slot to his Macintosh design, which made the processor's bus accessible to peripherals, that wouldn't cost very much, especially if it wasn't used. He worked out the details and proposed it at the weekly staff meeting, but Steve immediately nixed his proposal, stating that there was no way that the Mac would even have a single slot. > Steve is the 'brave general' that sparked Apple, destroyed it When? How? I've always been under the impression that Apple's destruction had followed jobs's ousting. Unless you mean that Jobs destroyed Apple by hiring Sculley? > He may have been a sociopath artist in his 20's but he grew up to be the world's greatest CEO in his 40's and 50's. Just look at the Apple 10 years ago and look at them now. But it's not like the successes of his 40s were built on nothing. Pixar and NeXT didn't spring up from some kind of void in the mid-90s as Jobs reached 40. > His ego destroyed Apple and got him ousted. When reality humbled him, he returned and rebuilt it for the 21st century. I still don't see that. > NeXT was part of rebuilding Apple. That's how he got back to Apple... You do realize that he founded NeXT as he was being thrown out of Apple don't you? > Steve was only a benevolent patron to Pixar. He didn't micromanage them or take credit for any of the movies being 'his visions'. No, but he did understand what it could become and he did become it's patron. That's pretty significant. He's also the one who decided to refocus Pixar from its original business, hardware, to what it is today, a studio, CGI and animation company. And he managed most of the relations with Disney (including the Eisner fallout). Credit for Pixar's work goes to Lasseter and his team, but credit for Pixar existing at all, let alone going from a $5m Lucas Arts team to a $8b Disney subsidiary in 20 years can hardly go to anybody but Jobs. > However, the Steve running the show today is not the same as the Steve that got kicked out. I really don't think that's true. > He certainly would not have been able to execute grand plans like the iPod, iPhone, and iPad without having hundreds of brilliant people working with him and being proud of their work. Most of the Macintosh team did seem proud enough under him (so much so that some followed him to NeXT). He probably learned a lots of stuff inbetween, but the biggest difference is the people he found to work around him. He doesn't seem to have significantly changed himself, > I am more generous on a free app than a paid app. Then you're the minority. Free applications are tried by more, price is a gate, and on Apple's AppStore free applications are consistently lower-rated than paid ones. > You are baiting users to get your app for free initially and then making them pay for the upgrades. You have no idea what you're talking about do you? I've yet to see a single paid upgrade, if that's even possible, apart from a "v1" to a "v2" which is paid for by everybody (including those who bought v1) > 1) To be able to give away a free license of a paid app to someone somehow. As a gift. You... can't do that? Ever? Don't you get like 50 free licenses for each AppStore update? Can you at least gift applications on the Market?