Facebook definitely sounds like a decent place to work. Them and Google are places I hope to take influence from if I ever make it to having an actual physical office space :P I always think it's a bit of a shame when a smart innovator doesn't have a business head on his shoulders. Apparently Mr. Lee says he doesn't have one: but I dont buy that :D posting his ideas to Youtube was a very smart move... (I loved that video when it first appeared!) Sadly I dont see Ubuntu doing that any time soon (I could write an essay on how much I dislike Ubuntu's UI!). It's just not a "glamorous" part of the OS-making process (IMO it's the great stumbling bloack of all modern Linux distros...). Agreed over the luxury branding of Apple though. It will be interestign to see how they fare over the next 18 months. Although with that said the Ipod is (probably annoyingly) one of those luxuries that isn't a luxury any more - so that should keep them going. For what it's worth: I use OSX, L8inux (all sorts of distros), XP and Vista daily. And personally I find Vista WAY above XP in terms of compatibility and stability. But then this is a circular argument - because it is totally dependant on individual preference & experience. For me Linux and Vista are both not perfect and both have their (equally annoying) niggles. I use Vista for gaming and general use at home and Linux at work (& at home as servers and other uses). I always thought that the founders had done it themselves (in fact I am SURE I read a book about the beginnings of Google that said so explicitly). Actually it left me a bit disappointed to find that it had been "designed" :( Google always used to make me feel (as a crap graphic artist) that Home-brew logos COULD go a long way. I think Gnome have got it right - your correct, they are just lacking the pretties. But I think Ubuntu (and other distro) teams haven't made use of the Window managers well at all. Menu's, applications and other bits and pieces are just too confusing for the average Joe user. UI extends even beyond the windows themselves. As someone commented I think Linux devs are waking up to how important UI and user interaction is. But - It's a mess, and a hell of a job to fix - No one with the proper expertise is involved in the projects - It's not a glamorous thing to be doing (compare to "cutting edge" stuff - There seems to be this ingrained anti-M$ vibe that means no one can take influence from them. ?? UI is one thing M$ tend to do really well in Windows. They spend a LOT of money researching it..... This is definitely good advice. We went to several VC's and received fairly unpractical offers (well not unpractical: but it felt like they were trying it on for as much %age as they could get). Trouble is if you play hard ball with them they seem to lose interest fast (I guess it's easier to go with other people who'll just take the cash as it's offered). In the end we went with private investment - and I;d advise others to do the same. Yeh there is a lot less money in that area BUT if you get a few people invested then it cuts the individual percentage any one investor might have (always useful) and also means (with the right investors) you'll have a more personal relationship with your "money" :D I see where Bruce is coming from. But I quite like self: it's an explicit reminder every time you write OOP in Python about the idea of classes & instances. Incidentally I'm one of those annoying people that often will use this instead of self (because I find it more readable.. at work I am famed for my efforts of trying to write code in "english" :D). Self is also useful when your passing the class around. It's easy to see where it is heading all the time. It will be nice to see the "you forgot self, you fool" error made explicit. When you switch languages a couple of times a day it can be easy to forget :) (PHP to Python switch is the hardest!) Ah gotcha! That is wha tI was thinking of thanks. @IsaacSchlueter: I know what you mean (it's one of those logos that just "describes" the brand without any support). Yeh - killer features are a big bonus. Thing is they are cool to work on - and so quite a few seem to work appear, pulling people in. With OSX and Windows that's fine because IMO they have that extra level of ease and Usability that a consumer OS needs. Linux doesn't have that left - I bet a lot of people drawn in with a gimmick are left struggling with it after a few weeks... I still maintain that Linux is lacking a simple UI to pull it into the mainstream (ALL Linux not just Ubuntu). I dont buy it. Greed is the major problem: bigger risks for higher rewards. I think both sexes (in that situation) would suffer pretty equally... I kinda agree. Certainly go for a job you want - and not the brand you want ot work for. But I think the atmosphere you work in is important too. I couldn;t see myself working for a company wih strictt working times, for example. Or in an evironment that was too "stuffy". umm I really dont think this can count as new research. I kinda assumed everyone new this already! Although I guess it's nice to see it confirmed.... I dont know. I'm 21 and am just kicking off my first major startup. I dont really think I am ready for it. I think a couple more years in-work experience (only een employed for 6 months out of university) would do me good... :) I assume you are US based? In the UK there are govt agencies called "business link" which will gve you free advice on startups and getting your business off the ground. They can give you quite a bit of info related to laws and accounting. I assume that in the US there are similar initiatives (though you might have to pay). As to employing someone? I'd say it comes down to how much admin time you want to spend on the company - or rather how much you can spare. If you find yourself becoming too much of a manager and lose the ability to drive the project forward (IMO essential in the opening stages of a startup) then it might actually be more beneficial to employ someone. Plus of course if you can employ someone experienced for 18 months then that is 18 months where you get to see how it is done and pick up tips & tricks from them. (after which it might then be economical to do it yourself). I have been quite lucky. My father has run his own firm for a number of years - which is quite small (so he does all the admin). As a result he knows a lot about the books, accounting and legal aspects (if only on a small scale). In the end I decided to go with an accountant - but only because I have a friend qualified from university who is doing it on the cheap :) (if you don't know anyone like that then go befriend them! :D) Hey, Well my personal circumstances are by the by: they were an example :D My point was really more that you should try to talk to people with experience (face to face, not just here). A half hr to an hr conversation will probably get quite a lot of stuff straight. Considering your situation it's a bit hard to give advice. Do you actually have a product to bring to market? Are you at a stage where you a) need funding or b) can begin to sell. With my startup I worked with a team of friends for about 2 years before we formed the actual company. We all had day jobs or university and so we worked in our downtime bringing our idea into fruition. Now we have an almost marketable product and are at the stage where funding is essential: so recently we took the step of forming the company and searching for funding.Until now it was an unecessary need. If your not selling or bringing in cash for funds then I would advise avoiding forming any legal entity. The only thing I would say is that it might be worth signing some kind of partnership agreement between you and your friend. I'm sure things will be fine but if you fall out (it's so easy) it is best to know exactly where you stand in terms of what individually you can take away (ideas, code, etc.). As to the final part of that post - regarding getting out if the startup fails. That is incredibly country specific. You will need to get some advice: either from a lawyer or from a public body (if they exist) as to your exact options. In the UK you could, for example form a Limited Liability Partnership (where if things folded you only have a small personal liability) or an full on LTD company (where there is no personal liability). I assume similar entities can be formed in China (though I DONT KNOW). I think the best advice is to hunt for someone locally who can tell you your options in that case. If your entering into contracts with other companies at this stage (note not just selling - actual contracted agreements) then you DEFINITELY need to consult professionally. It shouldn't be too expensive and is worth it. If your obtaining funding and are presented a contract ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS take it to a lawyer before signing. :) Good luck! One other point is how you plan to account as well. If you want to do it yourself you'll either have to put together your own system (that is EASY to use - trust me that is essential) or invest in a commercial package. That can be expensive - so it might be cheaper to seek professional services. If iti s only a small company you might be ok just keeping a general book (income, outlay, expenditure etc etc.) and keep all receipts. Then at the end of the financial year take all that to an accountant and pay him to get it all written up and submitted. That is how it works in the UK (and probably costs around £400-500 depending on the amount of work involved) - I dont know if that is the case in China but it is worth investigating. Usually there is no formal requirement for a small startup to keep regulated books - just to have some form of accounts the tax man can request at any time (it;s more complex than that but, meh, essentially all that ya need to know :P) BAD SEO is bullshit. Well thought out SEO as part of a larger scale site impact consideration is AWESOME :D fair point :D :( I thought that was a succint evaluation.... There are plenty of bad SEO firms out there who have no clue about what they are doing (and often do more harm than good to a site). Also SEO is seen as a fix-all solution - which it really isn't. But SEO practices are an essential part of any website design, refresh or update. At the end of the day it's just a buzzword that creates a market for selling their knowledge (knowt wrong with that of course!) I'm npt going to try too hard but.. you gave plenty enough info there to track them down (assuming I dont just have to se google :)) :( sad day IMO. OpenID is a nice idea but fatally flawed in the grand scheme of things. Unified accounts are GREAT. But OpenID just isn't the right way to go about it... I knew Google was moving towards this but I always hoped they would see sense before actually going for it fully. Disappointed in them for the first time in a LONG time! (Bear in mind I think it's a great idea) Legally speaking if the game (or whatever) doesnlt make 100% clear what is going on ("we are going to be using your CPU") then I'd say it's very shaky territory. Also I am pretty sure that in a lot of countries you would be pretty much required to either have a splash saying "click yes to play this game and work some units" or have a workable opt out (I dont know if that exists??) I'm still not convinced the 2.6.27 kernel is stable enough. Our .27 test cluster (various distros including U8.10) has numerous issues that just ARENT fixed yet. I always hate Ubuntu .10 releases :( even when they call it "stable" is usually isn;t and we see a huge increase in (client) issues... The 8.10 releases tend to be more "experimental". I dont think it's advised to actually run a day to day system with it :) These moves by the big players are of major interest (some would suggest worry but I don't think so yet) at the moment - because my startup (:D) is actually along the same lines. To be honest I think OpenID is less a standard now and more a Buzz word. Everyone is doing it subtly differently. Also of course you have the problem where some ID's will be "worth" more than others - just because of the provider. The original concept of OpenID was awesome: everyone could have a page/url identified as theirs and theirs alone. And they could use that identity in all sorts of places. The trouble is the execution was bad and so these larger companies are now jumping on it to twist it into their idea of a single sign on. I think FB Connect is a much better system personally. But not the best. And then there is us :D we're creating a single sign on & social networking site that is designed on a trust basis. The one thing I dislike about OpenID is how decentralised it is. I dont see the issue (personally) with having 4 or 5, trusted, ID providers who manage all the ID's. This gives consumers the choice of who to trust their "ID" with. But it also means the 5 providers collaborate together in a way that can't be "trust poisoned".I'm hoping that's where we come in.... Well I'm not a huge Ubuntu fan but I run Linux on a pen drive as my (main) personal OS now and couldn't recommend it more. Anyone else (programmers?) use a portable USB OS? How long before this is the norm? I sympathise over the Wifi issue. Had many similar issues. I always consider 8.10 of "cutting edge" quality and never bother to upgrade our day-to-day systems for a couple of months after release (sometimes we even wait till the next .04). As you say it's not worth the issue fixing headaches :P Agreed though: the package updates are nice. Umm kinda depends. If you have 1001 apps open (especially ones that hammer the filesystem) then yes. Mine I use for programming & email so I have maybe 10 apps open maximum and it runs perfectly fine. Saving is a little slow but not hugely noticeable :) Agreed I'm new here and it has happened to me twice already. Ok so the first time was a bit blunt and when I qualified it with a reply it got upvoted again. But the second time I didn't bother (even though I basically made the same comment further up the page - on a slightly different slant/discussion) and it got upvoted. It always comes down to the users and their whims in the end :P This place is a lot better than most :D Not a bad idea (TechCrunch's last gasp?? dare I suggest??) But not a great start when the first bio states: "All my investments to date have been in friend’s businesses. I like investing in people I know, respect and trust. I don’t have time to review pitches from people I’ve never met before." So whilst it's interesting to hear about the guy it's no use for anyone on the look out for angel's to pitch at... :P Quite a handy benchmark. I used it a while ago to work out what to consider "strong" in terms of passwords for a web app we created. Working in security I'd consider some of the calculations bull and I know it doesn;t take into account advanced attacks (like rainbow tables) but it can be a good rule of thumb IMO. If they can cut jobs rather than raise (too much) more money then they probably should. Spewing money that fast is BAD all round (and no amount of shoring investment will help long term). Either they need 2 or 3 years capital or they need it fixed now... Cut hard and deep now, refocus, reassess and build on current revenue streams. But they wont.... Argh! This question is distracting me from my work.. see what you have done :D I agree with the others: find ways to enjoy what you do hr by hr. Part of my day job involves analysing up to 1,000,000 images at a time and categorising them (that many images takes around 3hrs with our software). That gets VERY boring: what I do is set myself targbets - so I say "at 40,000 I will read my mail". Only when I get there I say - oh just another 5,0000. I developed a very usfel OCD-like thing of not beign able to stop until the "done" number reaches a precisely round number (which nevert happens :D) like 10,000 etc. :) Try something similar: set short targets after which you will break - but then extend them. Set targets and what time you hope to reach them by; but make sure you will easily make it in the time you set. Then say "oh well in the time I have left I could do... xyz". Keep setting tiny targets till you can't face it anymore and then lose yourself in the net for a bit :) (until you realise you should be back at work). I have found that forcing work in this way for 2hrs then breakign for 20mins gets a lot more work done :D That's quite ironic/amusing :D I remember 8aweek - and I did the same thing (turned it off). At the end of the day it is too easy to click "sod off let me in anyway" (which is what I do to the anti-procrast feature here :D). Heh that is a neat looking app/site! Never come across it before so thx. (amusingly googling for "rescue time dashboard" pops up with this page as the top link :D) I think that Botanists tend to also be very good climatologists by necessity :) so he is probably fairly experienced in the right field. Certainly he makes sensible points. Yup your correct. The WPA crack has been about for a while. The older WPA algo's can be broken totally given time (mostly to collect a LOT of data - something like 4 to 20 million packets sometimes). We couple a small laptop used for collections & injection (to generate data) with our cracking cluster back at our office. Given about 3 or 4 days of activity on a WPA network it is usually possible to get in :) In terms of coWPAtty: we are work on high level corporate networks that are usually immune to that kind of attack. We use full on brute force rainbow tables with some custom ideas / programs (obv can't share much of that). In it's simplest form we have 8 file servers, 1000 nodes and 2 head servers. 150+TB's of rainbow tables. Basically we combine the shortcut of rainbow tables with intelligent analysis of the packets and the brute force of the cluster. For WPA we use some of our own techniques to intelligently make use of the data that gets sent back. Usually we can start to work on the data after 1 day of collection and it can be possibly 2 more days before it is cracked (depending on the other work running on the cluster) Currently we have 2 specialists employed who are working with me to find ways to break the time down further (with great success) and I am also currently testing and cycling up another 9,000 nodes to add into the cluster. By early next year we hope to be able to turn up at a location and crack WPA networks in a days work :) In terms of economy it is not great (working on that) as your looking at about £5-8,000 outlay just to break in - but for speed I believe it is unmatched. Bear in mind ofc this is not representative of what a hacker could do. The rainbow tables (for all our decryption not just WPA) have taken 8yrs to make so far (on around 5000 nodes) and we still have about 2yrs more work to do on them. What this article talks about is a shortcut technique but ultimately I dont beleive it will lead to an inherent weakness which can bypass the need for our type of attack. But what it will be useful for is forcing the network to generate traffic :) Hopefully sometime next year we should be read to deploy our full AES attack - but that (based on current testing) is going to require a LOT of nodes (possibly pushing 25,0000). Gotta love googles sense of humor! I also have sleep problems: though not so extreme (I sleep fitfully and often cannot sleep for a whole night - maybe once or twice a fortnight). The advice from swombat is the BEST you will ever get. DSPS is, as noted, incurable. However you can train your body to ignore it with serious discipline (or rather train your body to a decent sleep pattern). I'd hazard that your age (24 right?) is amplifying your symptoms/problems. You only need 7hrs of sleep a night (some people can manage 6) to be rested: the key is getting some REM sleep in there (my main problem is that I sleep in 60-80 minute cycles and deep sleep usually doesnt start until 90mins into a cycle). If you sleep deeply when you DO sleep then you will probably be ok. Have an extremely strict bed time schedule. So at 10 (perhaps) begin to wind down. Have a bath (I find this to be the best thing) for 20 mins. The sit and read a book (not in your bed) prefferably a boring one - I am hugely well read for my generation because of this :D. At 11 (dead on) lie down and dotn TRY to sleep. Relax and clear your mind - think of what your plan for the next day is. Build an itenary and imagine how the day will go. Whilst you do this breath very deeply. You should relax and fall asleep. If you find that your still awake after 45mins (30mins is not unusual for the amount of time needed to fall asleep!) then get up, walk around gently for 10 mins (or read).Then try again. In the morning have the alarm set for, say, 7am. When it goes up get up - no snuggling or whatever force yourself out of bed w/e. Then have a really good energy breakfast and do some exercise. This will clear the "sleepiness" out of you (which will make you feel sleep deprived when your not). Other tips. Make sure you snack (healthily :D) through the day to keep energy levels up and your metabolism going. DO NOT eat a big meal any closer than 3hrs to your bed time (so if it is 11 then make sure dinner is well done by 8pm). Drink plenty (of water) through the day but avoid drinking it before bed time. Also avoid cafeine like the plague (this will keep you awake fort hours if you have even a slight sleep problem). You could try herbal remdies to help sleep in the evenings (I take some now and again when I cant relax) or eat foods like cheese etc. in small quantaties about an hr before bed. It will take work and you might feel rotten for a week or so. But eventually your body will adapt to the correct sleep pattern. Also get a second opinion: DSPS is often a "get out" clause for sleep conditions :) I was diagnosed with DSPS a couple of times before they got ot the bottom of it. My specific case is that I have sudden releases of seratonin in the brain (the stuff that chocolate and sex generates :)) so I go hyper for short spells - which wakes me up or keeps me awake. It does wonders for my creativity but can destroy sleep patterns :) A lot of your issues are probably also down to being young (I am around the same age and a lot of my problems are gone now simply through discipline). Get rid of those and you will then have the core of your sleep problem laid out reayd to address :) It will be tough - so good luck. But with a LOT of discipline you'll make it! I've been looking at something similar (not on that scale admittedly) recently. Either I would go with a generic cloud service to host on (which should scale to handle your hits) such as EC2. Butthe cost could be astronomical. Or you could go with something like 3tera & the custom cloud solutions and make your own server system: I'd say 4 or 5 servers behind a load balancer. However w/o knowing more about how data will be stored I cant advise on how to keep the database under control. A million database writes per min is not going to be pretty - even a million reads per min is going to stress it... give us some info on your DB architecture and the process / requirements of those hits and someone will be able to advise more I am sure :) (Edit: as a hint your probably after somethign like slave db's and memcached - have a look at how Wikipedia handles their data) Always run your web app past the dumbest person you can find (or a few). As DA once said: "never understimate the ingenuity of complete fools" They will find errors, bugs and dead-ends that would never have occured to you (or your semi-savvy testers) in a month of Sundays :) Keep your old boss happy (i.e. dont just quit to start a startup). If mine goes down the pan I still have my old job (within reason) to go back to (in point of fact I am still working there almost full time, but the points stands :D). nearer dinner time here :) I've come across him quite frequently. We once had quite a long discussion on his "career" (all I can say really). As far as we know he has given up with his career (and the terms he gave it up were really encouraging!). As someone who spends quite a lot of time attempting to "rescue" kids from the cracking community to bring them into the light of the hacking lot I think it was a wonderful statement that he posted. Very positive. There are plenty of crackers & facebook crackers about. I was even targetted once. The BEST thing people can do is educate others as to the danger and try to nip these sites in the bud (I think most are run by members of his old gang) as they spring up. Leave the tracking and case building to the pros :) (edit: or rather the ones with the legal backing to do so). @trickjarret - crackers please, not hackers :) a lot of people here are hackers (me included) and prefer not to be branded :) Of course you do - maybe not as end users... but it a fool (sic) can use your app then anyone can. Rule 1 :) I'd suggest you need to think out your colours a little more. The orange and black is nice: but feels a bit bland. You probably also need to break up the content on pages a little more with some coloured backgrounds :) Personally for me the font is not that easy to read either: but I realise that is subjective :) neat but hardly killer. Yes they have the handiness of true realtime updates (and I am not denying that isn't a huge feature) but that's hardly a unique feature (or wont be for long). But then the rest of the UI / feature set is far too bland :( at least get some code highlighting and stuff in there. Also in our short test earlier it didnt handle mass deletions & editing very well (if I deleted a block of text as someone was adding to it merry hell broke loose :P). IMO a nice demo of a cool idea but badly executed enough to be no real use. Make me a real time white board and THEN I might take notice :D Which is a desktop app... ;) yeh I have to agree there. I know what you mean :D that would be rather cool Thinking about it (going back slightly) there are not many situations where I see anyone actually coding with others in REAL time. Perhaps on hackathons (actually it would be ace for them) or suchlike - but for real work I doubt it would work. So the big selling point is gone: and there is nothing else to support it as a useful app (when Google docs has 100x the features). That said I hope that will change in the future because it is rather nifty :D Tongue in cheek perhaps but very true! Never underestimate the power of publicity stunts :D (hmm). Although of course if he did run GM then they wouldn't be in this mess in the first place would they (though Im not sure I'd want to drive a care branded "Virgin".. only comes in white :P). Sharp commentary. Take it further: he is probably not running GM because you cant make it profitable. Very true! I've customised the Graffiti view + tag colours to produce something I quite like. But I definitely didnt like the new "default" (the older "classic" was a lot cleaner) fair point I suppose (making Virgin atlantic pay was certainly no mean feat :D) Very true! I've customised the Graffiti view + tag colours to produce something I quite like. But I definitely didnt like the new "default" (the older "classic" was a lot cleaner) ^^ seconded. Cheap and easy. Pay for a landline # and get a Skype enabled Wifi phone and your made :D Why? In all honesty I've never seen it done your way before. Lighter=weaker impact=less. Darker=stronger impact=more. :D Especially as your using red! light red / pink is a very wishy washy colour and the darker reds draw the eye much more easily. I found the site a little confusing (like the others on here). Good concept - needs tweaks in the execution :D Like: - Needs plain english (no jargon) - Explain what everything means(I still dont quite get what the clusters are and how they work). This page is probably your best! http://www.babynameclusters.com/map/ nice and clear and intuitive. The clusters page really needs a map. The graph can be a little confusing? no? docuwiki is also http://www.dokuwiki.org/dokuwiki Well, having experienced plenty of recent death in close family / friends. I found it quite an insight and got what he meant... All of the vitriolic outcry against something that was insightful but misguided (and badly worded) is just a little staggering to be frank. Excellent comment - I share pretty much the same thoughts :D you put it so much mor eloquently than I could manage! > So, is News.YC a gathering of friends, where we speak frankly even if it may offend? Or a PR event for promoting our projects, where due sensitivity to all potential listeners must be observed? I suppose it's somewhere in between. Excellent appraisal ^^ I'd like to think more of the former. If I asked for criticism of a project here I'd hope for (and expect) frank assessment. Someone's brand of humour might not appeal to everyone here: but at least try ot respect it! The question is. Do I upvote that and look like a dick for apparently celebrating this fact. Or downvote it, look good, but add to the negative karma! Abstain :( At which point his lawyer would phone up and tell him what a pillock he was, how open it left them and to please use the damn boilerplates that the qualified lawyers wrote :) I think before one can make comments like that you need ot have the FULL story. Unless people here are parto f the community and new the guy (it seems he cried wolf several times) you cant really pass judgement on what was said (except in some of the cases...). I also see (in the threads cache) people telling him it was a bad idea. I really doubt he was listening to any of them anyway.... rumbled! :) Considering the context it was probably not a wonderfully clever idea to link to that :( I mean, regardless of the black humor (which I find amusing) the amoung of vitriol [seems to be my word of the day that!] this whole subject is creating you've lined yourself up to be viewed either as: a) baiting or b) completely oblivious to the idea of "approriate" actions. And that's probably by both camps.... I generally avoid IDE's fulle stop - and I find eclipse to be a complete pain to work with :( I work in Python, PHP, C++, Perl and Html (if that last one counts ;)) so I find that a text editor (NP++ - win32 only sadly - is my current fav) and a LAMP/Py server setup work well. It costs more in setup time but I find it makes working faster in the long run :D (although I know for RoR/Rails it would be a bit more difficult to take this approach) Whichever way you go make sure you write out and sign an agreement your both happy with that sets out what each person is supposed to do, who the work belongs to, and what rewards/position/monies each person would be entitled to (and so on). Check it with a lawyer, sign it and then leave it with the lawyer. The guy might be a friend but it helps stops disputes occuring in the future :D (i.e. you both know where you stand). EDIT: have you already formed the company or not? I couldn't quite make that out. Well (as an example) using the PHP module importing or creating a project was a complete pain (it's not simple or logical to me). I also found it slow (expecially to close down). I just had a lot of pain with it (quite a while ago now - hence not really rememebering the specific issues :) sorry). I like the concept of IDE's - but I've never seen one that works really well. Eclipse always just felt bloated to me :( As for advanced features you mentioned: a lot of text editors (I dont know about for Java but certainly for the languages i use) have code completion (which IMO would be the most important of the 3 things you mention). "warning: eroticism unused in function main". beautiful :) We're building a big new office at the moment and this is the ideas we like so far. * go for the BEST chairs you can. Buy them first and buy plenty (I'd say the number you want plus 10% more :)). * lots and lots and lots of desk space. encourage people to move about (laptops and plenty of desktops). * white board walls are a must (we have one glass wall and the facing wall will be one huge WB) * if you have servers and suchlike pop up some big screens with "monitors" of their status on them (this is stolen from last.fm :)). We are having 3 52" monitors with open casework and urgent notices etc. on them. * coffeee bar are - is essential. A proper area not just a ktichen. Make it off to one side of the main space with comfy chairs and an actual bar to seperate it * make a meeting space out of bean bags and a low japanese style table * make a collaboration area. slightly closed in with a smart projector and surrounded in white boards. It does wonders for group work! I agree with the others - nerfball and such like is neat (and if you have an outdoor area then you should put something in) but often has a reverse impact. One better option could be to install a gym of some description. Just a few bits and pieces. Gym is good exercise (which is always good for us programmers to get a break :D) and will help make your staff more active. But it is not something they can spend all day every day doing - and also somethign they would tend to do at the end (or start of the day). Oh and you'd need a shower too probably. possibly - though the weight would be a lot less in the water than sat on the boat (aka in air) :) I'd say go for it. It's an instant cash injection and you aren't guaranteed to make the same amount if the content is posted on your own blog. You could give up blogging (or all sorts of things) for example and your blog might die off. On the other hand you get your name on a well respected, big, site. It will look excellent on your resume - and increase your communtiy exposure. In terms of making your blog the next great resource: consider if writing for dnc could help with that. DO they let you link back to your blog? In which case that could be an excellent way to drive traffic that is interested in your material back to your blog. You dont have to submit to dnc forever - perhaps a few articles to establish your credentials and drive some traffic back. Or perhaps you will enjoy mixing the 2 content streams: one fairly guaranteed to bring you cash and the other more of a "risk". The 2 could balance out quite nicely (a lot of the big bloggers write content for all sorts of places). However, if you aren't comfortable doing it - then dont. :) Even if only 100 people click through (a small number I would say...) and you only convert 50% into regular readers then that doesn't sound great. But. They are readers interested in what you have to say - and interested in your subject matter. 100 DNC click throughs probably has the same effect as 500 google click throughs :) I would click on from DNC :) trac is more a source code manager..not really a good customer service tool ;) I assumed the OP meant support ticketing software totally depends on the domain, where it is registered and so forth. Can your friend not just hand over the username/password with access to the domain? ok well YOU need someone to register the domain through, set up the domain (and tell them it is already registered and you own it) - then it depends on what the domain name is for what happens next. For .co.uk you need to get the original registrar to change the IPS tag on the domain to the new registrars value. For .com I think it has to send an email to the admin email address on the domains DNS settings. Just register the domain with your prefferred company and follow their advice / help. that sounds like rather than a generic piece of software you either need to look for a specific travel agency software or have something built to your requirements (which are very specific). (does the client need access to the tickets - or is it internal only??) yes - once you have secured the registration via that method you will have ownership of the domain and will be able to update the DNS information wit hthe relevant info. Again the exact rules are TLD dependant :) That's rather a clever solution.. i'm rather annoyed M$ came up with it first :D there is, sadly, such a thing as too simple. A nice form with: Event: Description: Host: To create your 2 URLS would probably prove a lot more popular... Ah so it was a google thing. Super - the world is sane again ;) :) Thoroughly agree with the above sentiment. @OP: I love the concept - it needs some work but it's got great potential :) I came up with a quite an ugly hack in Python for the EventScripts plugin ( http://python.eventscripts.com ). It was designed to allow you to thread a request for a web page in pure python and also timeout after a while (because threading is stupidly slow via ESP on game servers).. Code: http://errant.pastebin.com/f3d492f2d That is older code but all I can find atm. It has a tendency to crash things :P The final code had a lot of time.sleep(0) code in it too to force the threads to try and grab the GIL. Ugh :P (also for the record the hacked "kill" extension to threading.Thread I picked up from elsewhere :)) ikariam.com (I play that one day to day and it is a nice distraction :)) Gameforge (the makers of IK) do others too: such as Ogame (which is similar). I've not come across a hacker friendly one sadly: market? I dont know if anyone uses Twitter? But I find this little app useful for pushing my tweets to forums & blogs etc. where usually they dont make it. Please - comments and feedback much appreciated. And do test it to destruction :) (it's a tech demo for something more secret I am working on and it needs testing ;)) A nice idea. I like the concept. The execution is good too :D Your right pictures would be nice if you can get them in. Also I would push the content to the right and put a slim sidebar with some more info and links to stuff you can't syndicate (perhaps). One killer feature (not sure how far you want to go with the site :D) might be to allow accounts and then for us to save our favourites or memorable content for future reference (like a personal search.yc). +woot though :D definitely wouldn't call that trolling! Good feedback :) Which one? The site font or the actual bar font? any particular suggestions for a replacement? (for sites I always use Verdana or Georgia out of bad habit :P I cant remember what the bar font is - It's whatever I used on another web->image service I did a while back) Ikariam does allow some greasemonkey scripting. There is also Kronos that is now against the rules but used by a large # of people. It is against the TOS but TBH as long as you dont make it obvious they dont care about simple hacks/scripts. hmmm.. well if I can raise the cash I might go for something like that ;) Bit of overkill for a tech demo but I hear what your saying. Added to my todo list (after an ignore @replies) Just as a comment. I barely ever read the front page. I check the "new" page once every couple of hrs (and read/post al that). The wealth of information is great.. the front page has.. well.. loses it's interest after a couple of hrs of the day.. I like :) In terms of the web interfact make the "contract" appear at the top of the expanded box. Waiting to see what the mail is like :) should be good because I tend to get linked to a LOT during the day. Any way of setting up 2 or more mails? Getting a 6am shot of overnight stuff and then a 5pm "after work" digest would be v. handy :)) thumb up Hmm I see your point. Praps Expand at the top too then? The only reason I suggested it is because usability wise when you click "expand" the tweet appears and the "contract" jumps from under your mouse (and then of course if you straight away contract it al lthe tweets jump back up and.. well.. it confuses a simpleton like me :P ;)) http://screencast.com/t/gUmiZY1xC ah. bene! Looks good :) agreed :) I'll be working over the Xmas break. My personal approach is a mix of both. With my startup(s) we plan to release on a shared hosting at first (alpha) before moving to a single dedicated server (beta) and then later (assuming it takes off) to EC2 (probably). I've always maintained: if you plan to at SOME point be utilising AWS then you need to plan that into your app. All the code we write is scalable and modular - so things that wont work on the next step up can be pulled out and replaced with bits that will w/o breaking the overall system (memcached is a good example - we have a fake caching layer on top of our database layer at the moment so that memcached can be added in later :)). I do love our humor. Classic quote #2: "skipped out to the car park where a Finnish startup had had the remarkable foresight to install a functioning sauna" I think definitely these so called "conferences" are almost a waste of time.. no one is really that interested in the keynotes any more because most of the interesting people blog it all anyway.. right? It's all about networking now: and the guys right - why not do it in a Sauna whilst getting drunk! Your right we lost it... 30 years ago it would have been like that but now.. meh :( This is so true :) I love french people personally (sorta). But to admit to it in the UK is still a hangable offence you know! And us brits wonder why people dont get our humor "lets be really rude to them! good joke yes?? haw haw" ;) :D And extension of this theory is hosting your static content on Google App Engine. (aka cheap CDN for initial stage of a startup!) yes - a lot. Partly from lack of practice but also from RSI which gives me cramps :( EDIT: I'm in my twenties too As a multi language user I prefer the python style for the following reasons: - It is easier on the eye, especially when somone else has to read through & understand it - I find it quicker to code That said there are some aspects where C-style is superior - so a combination of the 2 might work well! Invent your own "mash up" style (as long as it is not too confusing). Interesting. I might look into that thx. Although the major sourceo f my problem comes from using a laptop on my knees.. so :( Oh yeh I didnt mean that at all. Indentation-as-a-divider is definitely easer on the eye than curly braces. But C-stlye has some handy bits and pieces to pick up (expecially on the OOP side of things - and also in the type-setting; though that has improved in python) That's quite a good idea. My point with braces is that you dont have to indent the code then - which is dangerous :) I have inherited a couple of PHP and C projects that have taken weeks just to indent to be readable - before i can even begin to work on them! (admittedly that is more of a PHP problem). Forced indentation makes definite that everything is obvious: addign curly braces is purely asthetic IMO :D It's my one major gripe with an almost perfect language: I spend so much of my time fighting round this problem it is silly :( Dude I totally have the same problem. I even started using the word Dude when not stoned :o I think it has a few uses. People like Robert Scoble have a lot of influence on there - and he spends a lot of time connecting people together. Which is really useful. Companies are finding it useful for guerilla marketting.. which is bad when it's spam but if done right can be a thousand times better than a blog. You also get to connect with people you never knew existed. Scoble retweeted a comment I made about Oauth and it led ot me having a fun discussion about it (and getting some new ideas etc.) with people who agreed and disagreed. We'll probably never chat again but I found some interesting people to follow and we hammered out ideas really well. And then it can be just a simple comunications tool. I love seeing what people are up to (in a non freaky way) and Twitter is more real time that a lot of other social networks out there. I think probably due to the # of desktop tools. Anyway - a month ago I would have said "nah it's a nice idea but full of idiots" now I say: it's still full of idiots but when you get past the spam and self importance ( cof john chow cof ) then there are some real gems there. :) ADA? I know it's a problem.. and I do have to get it fixed. But it's all a bad habit thing. and I am weak like that. It is getting to the point I have to do something though. too nicey nicey. It doesn't sound sincere to me. When I was applying for jobs I used to get back all sorts of crap like this.. it's silly. One company got back to me within 24 hrs with a simple: "sorry your not for us because xyz" I reapplied instantly and in the "why are you applying" space put "because your the first company not to reject me with complete bull and just gave me a straight honest answer. I trust you." I got the job too :) Rule 101 of rejections: don't be nice. Be kind certainly but tell them where they went wrong. They've already been rejected - sucking up helps neither party.... sort of lasted - the person that hired me was a good guy to the last. The CEO was a bit of a tit..... and in the end he got too involved in my department so I left. But the day-to-day people I worked for/with were trustworthy. please - twitter is actually a useful service (when you get past the big heads). Why cant this stuff stay on facebook :( yup most of the other responses I got were along the same lines as you mention. Some had some nice cut and paste "you did xyz wrong" stuff but nothing that was helpful. So people trsut Facebook but not Google. Opinion like this is all very well but I wonder how much of it is based on what the public pick up from the media. Google have been slated a few times this past year over privacy issues (personally I trust them quite a lot) whilst Facebook haven't caught the media attention much. So it's not a surprising result. Still I know who I trsut more.... Agreed. But he didnt have to patronise them with a response like that..... :) Heavily disagree. And unlike Jeremy I can rationalise that opinion! - They have no clue on user exerience. The desktop and user interface is the ONLY thing joe public users really care about. Ubuntu spends no time on it's menu structures / namings or on the design (which looks awful!). - Their package management is poor. You end up being upgraded by default to the newest releases - which is fine to a point but a) if I want to stay with an older release (I prefer the .04 releases - plus I dont trust this newer kernel) you have to fight it and b) it messes up the upgrade so much, a lot of my .04 rigs now report as .10 incorrectly... they need to fix their package trees and tagging - The user support isn't wonderful. The forums have improved but they are FAR from easy to use (as an experienced forum user I have trouble at times) and the website is far from accessible. Ubuntu has done a good job making a big noise about itself - but it's flashy, showy and gives Linux a bad name... it wont make us mainstream. I keep saying that to go mainstream Linux needs 3 things: - #1 a dedicated, funded, team to make a decnet stable base distro like Debian but without the huge waits (4month release cycle). - #2 a good UI engineer to take a look at the layouts and designs and change a lot of it - #3 some benefactor millionaire willing to promote and pay/support a distro into the mainstream. I know it is a free product but no one can trust it if there is not some sort of culpability.... Oh yeh I agree it has done a lot (some of which I disagree with :)) - but that wasn't the point of the post.. Everyone get so excited about Ubuntu and how it is "ready" for "mainstream". It isn't and probably never will be :) IMO Besides: only via criticism can it improve surely :D (Edit: for spelling) I recommend Kohana as a framework to work with (kohanaphp.com). It started as a branch of CI so is similar to that - but was totally rewritten with PHP5 support and lots of new stuff :) Worth a look. I always recommend Notepad++ plus a XAMPP installation over any form of IDE. It's simpler in the long run. As to learning: that is a hugely personal thing. I picked it up over 4 or 5 years (still learning even now though!). If you already have a good grouding in general programming you wont have a problem :) But with PHP learnign by doing is a good approach :) there are lots of snippet sites out there as well for you to peek through for ideas :D Hey, that's pretty clever! It fixes some of the issues with "traditional" mvc style routing (say in CI or K). Very impressed. Also liking the deployment and dev modes & the tools app (which is a killer feature IMO!). How far off complete is it? Sweet - well I signed up so I look forward to seeing bits and bobs in my inbox :D Smarty is simply obfusication. As the other reply suggests it adds no ease for non programmers to make changes. It doesn't add human readability. Ultimatley PHP short syntax is just simpler (especially if your using an MVC framework or similar). He seems to have built a set of tools to handle this problem. From the very brief sneak peek we got at that it looks like a killer toolset for something lie what you describe. Knowing where to head to BEFORE even opening a controller file is a big bonus :) Apart from the second to last mine are almost identical :) - Get Healthy (there is even a gym at work.. which is a measure of my laziness :() - Read the backlog of books & journals - Learn a new language (Japanese I think) - Learn a new programming language (Probably Ruby) - Start blogging again - Actually get my company off the ground to the point I can quit my day job :) This is why Javascript is such a worry. I've seen (and helped develop) some proof of concept hacks to get all sorts of data from a users computer. So far the best is compromising a users Myspace page. Another good one I have seen (not worked on this one tbh, just seen the demo) is a combination attack on Facebook and the users email address. It works for Hotmail, Gmail and Yahoo... so pretty much everyone. If your logged into Facebook and into your mail provider it can reset your password, change your mail and lock you out in under a minute.. all from YOUR computer. I imagine Twitter would be fairly similar to effect as well. There isn't a lot of information. I believe there are some white papers in progress. But the other poster is right: it is based on XSRF attacks and screen scraping. Is criticism a bad thing? If people are posting here just to get their ego stroked then there's no real point to it.. If I post something here it would be for it to get torn apart by people experienced in stuff like that. Design decisions are the main area that needs outside help and this is the best place to ask for it IMO. Nah I totaly disagree with that. Well no I dont: I just personally dont mind criticism in RL. If it comes from someone I respect I take note. Otherwise I alrgely ignore it (obviously!). If I ask for criticism (i.e. post my app here) I expect it.. and if I see anyone post an app here then I critique it. Criticism is not a negative thing (unless you phrase it as so). I look on it more as a process to feedback the experiences of others into your own personal "view". Both :) Also look into Woopra which is really good ;D Read & exercise. It's the best thign for it (esp if your really not going ot get any sleep). Steven Fry is an insomniac and he knows a lot of crap simply from reading books when he couldn't sleep. I try to go the same way :D They get there by combination: displacement, large surface area (the wings) and boyancy... I saw very little in the way of outright wrong answers (apart from the pressurized rubbish and the 1 or 2 "floats in air" answers :P)... being a bit unfair perhaps... :( It's entirely logical: you just have to think outside the box (big enough baloon vs. small enough vehicle: plus it overcomes some of the niggly "near ground" effects [why do you think so many next-gen space vehicle designs launch from Airplanes??]) The physics is there and probably workable. (EDIT: my initial thoughts would tend towards a high altitude launch of several smaller sized vehicles that re-assemble on the lunar surface... or interact there. S o for example someone above mentions the comms issue: a static relay planted on the surface interfacing with a seperate rover device would probably work well. In fact I would launch 2 or 3 of each type (assuming cost could be kept low) to ensure that you got at least one functioning pair :D) I have done the physics: or spoken to people that have. In fact I have seen a successful small rocket launched from a 100 ft high ballon platform (the physics is painful but it is possible). Other ideas like centrifuge acceleration I know have been discussed: and I personally see potential in them (Ammers & Myers, Oxford University Press, 2006 I think: I'll try and dig out a reference #). With equal respect I suggest you actually try to think outside the box before posting vacuous statements stating it is impossible.... ;) EDIT: BTW you do know NASA have recently been exploring the possiblity too.... admittedly for low earth orbit sattelites (and i know that a major problem is breaking that barrier - but it is proof of an initial concept....) The crucial data is that ballons can carry rockets to a MUCH higher altitude than planes. The reduced drag at that altitude means a lot less propellant is needed (and even a solid fuel propellant could suffice). NASA has plans for a ballon that can carry up to a ton of equipment to a height of 33Km which is pretty good! You've also missed the point of the airplane: 600MPH is frankyl nothing (4% of the speed required for LEO). The important thing is the lowered drag and kinetic requirements to get the payload to LEO. I present to you Cambridge University no less... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CU_Spaceflight And NASA are at work on a system to launch pico and micro satelites in near earth orbits. Well HN I am a bit disappointed in this "cant be done" give up attitude... I assure you it can and will be done. I assumed you'd have the initiative to follow the links and read up on CU Spaceflight.... but apparently not (hint: that was a hint). If that's not good enough then lets go with NASA... http://academy.grc.nasa.gov/2008/group-project/new-launch-te... They also have a design for a ballon to reach 110,000 feet which could carry up to a ton of equipment. I'm thinking centrifuge or "gun" launch at the altitude might go well :D I posted one, the NASA link: which is research into exaclty what we were talking about. CU Spaceflight is launching a new test flight later this year: I was told (by an ex-team member actually) that it was intended to pave the way for orbital launches. As to what I was referring to: I meant the off hand dismissal of every piece of work towards launching from Balloons... I agree sounding rockets (yes I know what they are thanks ;)) are not orbital devices - but it proves the groundwork and paves the way to more exciting stuff.. surely.. dismissing such data offhand seems a little unhackerish and uninspired :( To clarify my point... (as it seems to have got lost in the noise) - There have been no orbital launches from balloons to date - There HAVE been sub orbital launches to date - NASA (and possible CU) are looking into launching orbital devices from balloons - NASA have plans for a Balloon which will be able to carry a ton of equipment up to a "launchable" height. - My conclusion from this is that far from being impossible it is perfectly within possibility, probably with our current technology. @all Sorry to feed the trolling.. now that my point is clear I shall move on ;) :D I think the commentator is making a point about the difference in thinking he deserves a punch and actually punching (well spitting on) him. A lot of people dislike the guy (I dont care for his attitude myslef but I respect his influence) and probably waould say "he deserves a punch" without meaning it literally :) I know :) I was taking your comment as a cue too :D (alsio known as hitting the wrong reply button) but do they count as useless in this case? I have a Blackberry (in the UK) and yes this is how it works. We have, I think, EU servers so I dont know if the US has it's own dedicated servers. true: especially as the scheme would be targetted as the same set of people. Catch22 :( im surprised they didnt track down Brian May. He has a degree in the subject :P (and a deep interest) and is a great talker/interviewee! I think this is a classic case of comments being misconstrued. The decision (as made clear) was obviously driven primarily by family (as it should be). The other comments were rationalising how the Valley (to him) presents a better startup sub culture. Plus, of course, this link takes the words somewhat out of context. The original PG message clearly marks Boston as the #2 startup area - and then tries to explain why the #1 startup environment is leaps and bounds better. Each to his own... certainly calling it bridge burning seems pure sensationalism :) I have to confess that the idea is clever: but ultimately does not fix the problem. The issue, as I see it, is not so much the posts as the voting. Which varies wildly and is fairly indescriminate. A worthless but sensationalist message might get lots of upvotes whilst a shy but informative message will get missed. I suggest it is the voting practices that need to be addressed. I vote very rarely on messages (maybe once or twice a day): making my approval something "to be gained". I know others use that approach too - and I think it makes things worth much more. Ideally (IMO) a good situation should be one where a post with 5 votes should be stunningly good and 20 votes a "once in a lifetime" achievment. Some ideas... - Vote weighting (Karma or average Karma effects the weight of your vote) - Include "Downvotes" next to the total. This helps identify messages with a lot of disagreement (i.e. something with a 1 might have 20 downs and 21 ups - that is worth taking a look at). - Im not sure how you position the comments (never tracked them in depth) but I think you could try - - New comments stay at the "top" of the page for a set time (an hr perhaps?) before being ranked properly. - - Ranked posts: push all negative marked posts below -1 to the bottom. All positive stuff to the top marked on activity (a combination of the direct replies and the number of up&down votes) That doesn't totally fix the problem but I suggest it might have an impact :D As Dasil says you cant down mod replies to your comments (for obvious reasons :D). I find I can vote on comments I reply to... (it doesnt, to me, appear to be logical that if your replying you agree with the post). That is interesting... (you get my upvote :D) You could take that farther and create a "pool" of good users who vote and comment in keeping with the HN style (a pool that could, of course, grow over time) and if your voting habits correlated to them your vote began to be worth more. how do you mean by already ? I can still down mod the comments in this thread that I have replied to. EDIT: wait NOW I see :) I cant down the above comment. Ignore me :) This is a fair point. Some people are here for startup stuff. Some people for codign/programming stuff. Yet others (though probably a smaller demographic) are here for social stuff. And more. Plus others are here for a mix. Some way to tailor what you see would be awesome! not too much that each "genre" is different but enough that the posts or articles you want to see are at the top :D This kinda stuff makes me really cross/sick; as someone majorly opposed to cencorship.... It's a fairly pathetic episode and a sad description on modern religion. (as an addendum when I asked the Church at the end of the road to stop handing leaflets/preaching to my young cousin as she walked passed I got into all sorts of trouble for religious descrimination.... double standards!). /rant over (sorry) It's boycott to a point yes. But spamming media outlets with it is an attempt at censorship. It's a fine line but if the aim is to make GoDaddy tone down the Ad's to "religion approved" [sic] versions (as it seems it is) then it is an attempt at censorhip surely ;D No really it is ;) As I said it is a fine line: but read into it and their main aim is to stop them using the ads. That's an attempt at censorship (I'm not disagreeing that it is a boycott too). fair enough :) > so that everyone knows it's on the up and up and we're not secretly favoring people? Trust has to start somewhere. The people that think the above will in the most part either a) not be using your site or b) not convinced by your "open algorithms" anyway. On the other hand opening them up fully makes it easier to game the system: unless it is a bulletproof system I would avoid full disclosure. often (and I'm not sure if this is a good thing or not...) it is only the second one of those that you need :) Again fair point (sorry, the intention was not to turn HN into a religion.vs debate :( that's not for here). I think my main point was the huge emphasis on the story - definitely (and I dont think it is because of my bias) born out of the religious nature of the complaint. If yourself were hosting a few thousands sites with GoDaddy and had objected in the same way (from a non-religious stance) and sent the same letter would it have made such a big story.... As I always say (it might be my catch phrase :P) "each to his own, and leave me to mine". [for the record in case people misconstrue my bias I have great respect for faith (to a point, obviously); but I believe religious organisations to often be an evil force] thx :) In fairness (rereading back) I should have done so about 2 posts earlier :( oh well. good question. I volunteer to be downmodded and replied too :) Yes it was "dead" for me for a few minutes just now Hey! I'd dispute it was trolling. That's extremely offensive, I'd ask you to retract the comment. It was rash and strongly (and probably badly) worded. > Is organizing a lobby to campaign to shut down their web ads censorship? Yes: if the aim is to get someone to shut them down then it is an attempt at censorship (and if they succeed it is ). That is not, and I believe wheel would agree here, simply a boycott anymore. > Is voting for such a law censorship? That's a difficult question. I'd probably say yes.. but I'd want it to actually happen before acusing everyone (so you could check motives etc.) I've admitted I was wrong to call it censorship - but I do still think it's getting a lot more press than it deserves. Lots of people "boycott" GoDaddy for non-religious reasons (some in protest at the adverts - comments here are testament to that) and have been doing so for a long while. Why is it such a big deal now? Because this guy "represents" religion.. which is media friendly. Indeed these ads have been around for a while: why is it such a big problem now? It's certainly the perfect basis for the lobby group (and I am sure the Christian lobby groups will sieze on it at some point :)). I think in a democracy that people forget it is "majority rule". You are, of course, entitled to your own opinions and ideas of what is right (that, though, is probably not part of the democracy per se). But you view does not represent everyones unless a majority of people agree with it. Therefore IMO it is wrong to try and turn a legitimate boycott on personal grounds into an attempt to impose your morals onto the majority. I would say that most people either do not care or enjoy the ads (probably mostly in the former category). The person in question did not write the letter in a way to say "I am not using your service any more, this is why" he wrote from the perspective of "your offending out sensibilities so please change or we'll stop using you". Which is a threat in my eyes :D I employ a similar method. Rather than thievery I think it is just influence. I will use bits from several designs I think work well (layout ideas from one, colurs from another etc etc.). Disclaimer: this is intended as Helpful criticism :) First off I 100% love the idea behind the site. But am in agreement with the other posters here. You've ignored several basic design rules. Firstly (and for me killer) the content is not centred on larger screens. In my experience this instantly puts users off. Also, as people are saying, the typefaces are too mixed. You also dont highlight links particularly well (the [+] thing is a nice idea but a) doesn't work so well when done in text and b) doesn't seem standard enough). I like how you've gone for minimal design: in fact I think it is almost perfect. Except on the main page (and probably other pages) the top sectuion (the one under the very top set of links and above the mian content) needs to contrast more. Some kind of "glossy" image style would work much better (especially on the main page). This example ( http://codeigniter.com/ ) is the only one I can think of right now (and it is not the best one; but it suffices to illustrate what I mean). I have some other thoughts/comments too but unfortunately don't have time (sorry) - others will definitely come up with them though :D If you can get more the $50 of sales from it then pay. So long as your not paying for them to give you a positive review (it's a leap of faith I guess) then it's hardly a huge misdemeanor. I'm not sure your first example is Apps Hungarian: indeed in the last segment he says that such an example is a bad variant thatis of no real usage. I too initially thought "how great would it be to compile some of these prefixes into a language" but after readign through I think it would be difficult. The intent is that the prefix describes what the variable is not what type it is. And so the prefix will vary from project to project. However your example of specifying type is inherently possible and many languages DO do it (not with the prefix - they just check for type at compile time). The point, I think, Joel is making is that the Hungarian convention is a way for the programmer to vet the code as he browses it. Identifying errors and logic clashes etc. :) yes but your still stuck on type there... those are things that can easily fail (or be made to file) at the compiler or on runtime. What about logic errors - which is what this is supposed to help fix? yes. but the URL is actually the name in that case - so it is a "flash" feature. :) myapp.me.uk does not, quite, have the same draw. To the OP I'd say if you already run it from a .com domain adding .me.uk cant hurt! If the .me adds to the name (say, for example, find.me.uk) then 100% go for it :D Trust is a funny thing: if your userbase is hardened hackers like the HN lot then you might end up (at least initially) with a trust issue - but the general public aren't going to care that much. Though you do raise a good point about people being confused: but if you own .com and .co.uk variants then I doubt it will account for much loss of traffic :D meh no real difference. If he is uk based then .me.uk is more likely to be remembered :) To joe public .me.uk is more memorable. I own a semi-popular domain which is accessed from the .co.uk, .me.uk, .me and .org variants. .me is barely used (in fact this is what we use as the advertising URL on certain sites - however we find people tend to use me.uk when revisiting via that intro method). So by no difference I meant there is no real difference to the UK public between the 2 (but me.uk is probably a safer bet). (btw the site in question normalizes to .com so there is no infered bia by the "browse" url). Yes I use Woopra and it is excellent. The realtime stuff is incredibly useful. I use: - clicky - GA - Woopra - Mint Across my variety of sites. Usually a combination of 2 or 3 of them: the reason being that the variance between the stats the all collect means that it's helpful to have more than one stats collator to double check your info :D Hereby proving that one thing that the money should be spent on is economics education in schools ;) Well it depends. I see some differences between GA and the others (GA requires JS to be enabled so that may be why). Woopra I use less for general stats as for "right now" tracking. Whilst clicky I trust most for historical data.(so, those 2 are the most accurate I guess) Wow I actually learned something on this thread... :D Your approach depends on a lot of things really. I often thing, personallly, that whilst reading books/articles is good it doesn't help instill a lot into a young hacker. First I would buy him Kevin Mitnicks books. I recommend them to every new hacker because: a) some of the stories are unbelievably inspiring! b) it's all real life stuff c) he manages to tell the stories of these great hacks without glamourising the illegality. It does a lot to prove hacking can be great fun within legal bounds. The next thing I would do is encourage him to get involved with a programming community. Get him to learn a language and start ot play with it. :) in terms of cracking (as opposed to hacking) sometimes pushing the boundaries happens (either for personal reasons or professional). I would teach your cousin that breaking the law is wrong. Breaking into the schools system is (speaking technically) as bad as breaking into a microsoft server. But the impact of the 2 activities (assuming it was simply to look both times) is very different. Try to show him that experimenting with something like the school system is fairly harmless but still wrong and he should take it no further unless he has permission :) (offer the school a pen test :D) Finally a lot of people are saying "teach him not to get caught" (essentially). This is a most important lesson. I crack for a living (White Hat I hasten to add) and one of the things that makes me good at that is paying attention to covering my actions :) The most disappointing thing is that the TC writer is clinging to his story. After a complete denial he is still trying to suggest there is some truth in the rumor. Either produce the hard evidence or apologise. rubbish. it is easily possible to be professional and produce excellent work. it doesnt have to be stuffy and haughty that's all :) (and yeh I read his early stuff: not a fan. At every stage in a startup you have to get to a stage where you need to show some professional gloss to prove your not just another backroom programmer - IMO it is the core reason why a lot fail, they cling slavishly to that "fun guy" image and lose corporate custom because of it ;)) @the previous poster: I wouldnt call it unprofessional per se. Empassioned perhaps :D sorry for the OT :) Err the TC article... "Despite my attempts to corroborate it and the subsequent detail I’ve been able to gather, I still don’t have enough information to determine whether it is absolutely true. But I still don’t have enough information to determine that it is absolutely false either." Is his last word on the matter. Essentially he is saying they have denied it but his "rumor" may even still be true. That smacks of a lie somewhere along the line to me (and as it is my job to find lies I suspect it is the case). :) http://www.techcrunch.com/2009/02/20/did-lastfm-just-hand-ov... I find pur ability to achieve and improve the most amazing. I could single out a list of things ot be hugely proud of as a species: but that belittles (not deliberately) all of the other achievments (especially the ones in the past we have forgotten or ignore). The capacity of humanity always amazes me (and, conversely, it saddens me to see so many people waste it). Put the info in that side box into the top segment on the right (it looks a bit odd pushed where it is) and I think your made. I usually dislike "bare metal" designs but that looks neat, efficient and does the job. No option to add comments yet? Again? Really? Nope it's nowhere near the standard for a mainstream OS. Yes it is technically very superior to other offerings. But all these techy types never seem to realise that that is not an important consideration for an average joe user. M$ might be the sum of all evil but they spend millions on user testing and development - and man do they get it right! And yet Linux refuses to utilise the mistakes and lessons M$ have gone through and start from scratch... hmmmm. Some things that are wrong: - Difficulty, the learning curve is still too steep - UI, serious UI issues that people are not fixing (Ubuntu "the saviour" has a BROWN desktop.. where is THAT a good idea for mainstream use???) - Uniformity, menus, methodolgy, syntax, naming is still not uniform enough - Tech lingo, too much stuff is still in tech speak (take a reccent conversation I witnessed on a linux forum where the advice to a first time poster was "read the man page". Well if they knew how to find that I doubt it was helpful, most man pages are double-speak :)). So, no, it's not ready yet. We stil have some nig hurdles to address :) In terms of that specific link. I have one point to make: "But desktop Linux does support basic Active Directory authentication for user access management." Obviously the writer has never tried to use that functionality. Because it is not as simple as a one line sentence suggested. Certainly way outside your average windows user.... They are almost sure to get nailed for it now I think - and a good thing too. Neither side winning is a good outcome for the rest of us but I prefer to see the idiots dealt some of their own punishment for once ;D I dont buy that. Please explain why that would be good? If the music companies win then perhaps the idiot pirates start to acutally get scared. Then us sensible lot can sit down with the companies and get them to do things right. Stuff is moving in the right direction (Apple going non-DRM for instance) these guys are dinosaurs and holding things back. Send em down. I fail to see how anyone can condone TPB ever.... they damage the file sharing community like nothing else before. (ps am amused at the downmodding of my comment.... way to support piracy.. ;)) As far as I knew since the '03 (I think 03) raid their servers are located in a different country anyway. Why? They treat everyone else with the same degree of snootiness and vitriol... calling them idiots is barely disrespectful :) re read the blog post... spot the irony? ;) Fairly certain that the servers are not in the Sainai :) yes maybe it would get more attention - but what kind of attention? Basically it would amount to the Swedish coaurts saying that providing the infrastructure ot share Copyrighted material was ok.. which it is not. In the face of that could we expect media companies to be reasonable and sit at the table to work out new ways to provide access to digital media/software? This is not a 2 sided battle in my eyes. TPB are as much an enemy to the consumer as the IPFI. And why shouldnt the sharers get some fear? Perhaps it will dissuade them from sharing. Bearing in mind I am massivley pro copyright (as a software developer and writer - even though the majority of my work is open source). In terms of copyright - I too am not too worried by DRM. I would like to see DRM dropped but can understand why it is there. In the Apple case they had to impose stupidly strict DRM just to get the store off the ground. The fact they can now release that music more freely is a testamount to how much the music companies are starting to come round to the consumers viewpoint. I am never one to blame the music companies for wanting to protect their material: even though I do disagree with the prices they charge, how they screw over the artists and how they insist (till now) on locking stuff up in super restrictive DRM. I never fully understood the arguments against copyright. Care to explain? Well fairly certain that Tiamo does not live in Egypt. Also they claim to have Fibre connections to XYZ countries? hmmm. (bearing in mind that that kind of thing leaves a paper trail and there doesnt appear to be one) Smacks a little too much of irony to me :) I dont buy that. It is expressing an opinion. I do respect the excellent way they are using the media and the internet to show off their cause. I dont respect what they do. I disagree calling them idiots is disrespectful: because, well, they are.... (in my opinion):) There is a huge difference between respect and dislike. Perhaps I should be clear and say they act like idiots. Then its an opinion... I would edit the original but I cant any more.. oh well. Slowly losing a lot of respect for some of the posters here... :( Heh I'd forgotten about that. I almost wish they had managed to buy seaworld too because it would have been amusing to see the Music moguls trying to get at them there :D I wish I had never used the word: I really dont see it as particularly strong... perhaps it is cultural differences getting in the way. But a single word is getting in the way of a good debate elsewhere in the thread - which is a bit sad. (for the record I think I did back up my statement: they are idiots because they are helping and encouraging people the steal with no thought as to the consequences and believe they are above the law to the point of being. And, importantly, refuse to be reasoned with - and yes I have tried.) I agree with the good arguments - but respect should not be automatic. I would look for it to be earned in an argument (probably I did not do much to earn any yesterday). My other point, of course, is that TPB (at whom my remark was directed) are not here and so are not one of the debating parties... :) EDIT: I am not particularly worried by the downmods. People can express their opinions. However downmodding based on wording feels a bit short sighted... downmodding based on percieved bias (which a friend of mine pointed out) I would agree with (because it did introduce a bias.. which was a mistake). (Also it's a bit sad to see this bumped up to the first page... this surely is stuff for the "back room") I dont really follow that argument. Copyright doesnt cover ideas - purely creations (like music, software, artwork, films). Ideas do require patents etc. If you have an idea you have to take steps to protect it. If you create a working product based on the idea that specific design is protected by a modicum of copyright. I do see where you are coming from with the ideas thing (the free-software side of me wants me to agree fully that ideas/processes should never be protected). (this is in the UK of course: in the US things might be different) used to use an example wherein I pointed to the absurdity of a car manufacturer asserting a right to all photos of their cars, but some car manufacturer actually did that without widespread derision recently. Yeh I am fairly certain in the UK that wuold not stand up. Certainly it doesnt fall under copyright. What happens when you write a book and ask people for money to read it (unless we are arguing that everything should be free :)) and then someone else copies your book and sells it slightly cheaper than you. Should we not have protective laws to stop that occuring? I think copyright is being confused here. With the similarity aspect we are talking intellectual property not copyright. Copyrightr (In the UK) applies simply to direct copies or derivative works (in your example if someone copied my book but added a new ending and a few new chapters). If someone rewrites your entire plot without using any of your text they are fine (and the 2 works will stand and fall on their relative merits). But if you tried to write a book about Harry Potter the Wizard you would probably run into trobule - because the name has (I believe) been trade marked in that context (I could be wrong - but it is a dramatic example). I thought about this and I think I see where your failing to draw a line. Censorship is about stifiling someones rights - whereas copyright is a "casual enforcement" of someones right to keep control of their own works. It isnt really censorship because what right does anyone have to profit from a piece of work except the original creator? I have a very high IQ and wouldnt consider myself a genius! Genius, IMO is about seeing things differently and sheer devotion to a cause. Einstein and Darwin would be examples of that. IQ tests do check for that (well not the devotion, but the thinking outside the box) but I dont think they represent it well. way to stereotype... ;) I've noticed HN appear in a few "spammer lists" over the last month or so. Usually the price to spam into here is very very high because it is, by comparison, quite difficult. Im tempted to agree with you - it is a spammer going after the good money testing a new bot. I think your right. The last request for spamming HN I came across was worth about $1,500 and up for a front page spot.That's a lot for a single link. 6000 years ago our DNA was almost certainly incredibly different to what it is today (whether you believe God created it or not). A drastic change like that would basically be akin to evolving 6000 years in the space of just a few :) (Ive lost my link to the research done into our genetics that shows we did not all come from 2 common ancestors but I know some was done somewhere) Mastering the genome has long been my marker for true mastery of our race. But (and this is directed at the OP) I wouldnt like to seeanyone overly mess with it. We'd have to be damned certain we knew it inside out before tampering with it that heavily. On the other hand they are tampering with genes in mice etc. to try and cure diseases (and Folding@Home is investing a LOT of time modelling protein creation to help move things along :)). Not prepared to post it here (for obvious reasons) I will email it though (you will need to register on a forum and make a few posts I think :) been a while since I joined) if you wish. Which email goes direct to you? Well no response... if you are interested I have a draft email composed. I'll send it to @ ycombinator.com later today if I dont hear anything... Though I suspect you were attempting to call a bluff ;) oops... Whilst I am in agreement 35 writes is serious overkill I would dispute that a single write is suitable. Because of how standard data wiping software works one single pass would leave lots of traces. Perhaps not enough to pull entire documents etc. but with professional reconstruction software quite a lot of date can be recovered (I do this every week in my job). Given that you can guess at the contents of portions of the data (the OS :)) rebuilding is fairly easy. 3 passes is the correct method. One pass writing random data, one pass writing the 2's complement data (these passes ensure every bit has been "moved") then write it out with ) 0's. This ensures nearly untraceable data. I'd love to take them on. However they are right it is highly unlikely data can be recovered from that drive. They have only a few folders/files on there it seems leaving little to go on to rebuild the image. It's not worth it - who needs the PR.. it's worthless when we recover zeroed disks frequently anyway :) If their willing to meet the cost to recover it (I'd do it cheap for £600). We are UK based so I guess they wont. I dont think you can draw the conclusion that overwriting once is plenty fine based on their conclusions. At least not till: - Someone has tried their disk (people not wanting too is different from giving it a shot :)) - Someone trying a more real life example (install an OS, then copy some files in, then DD it). Considering the second one has been done... :) They are quite welcome to clone any old OS drive onto a disk and wipe it the same way with DD. Then fly it over to us here and pay the £1000 (ish) cost to recover it. (yes, I know that is a bit outrageous but so is their "challenge"). I had a bigt discussion about this not very long ago with a client we were destroying some disks for. He had read something along similar lines (one pass is fine). I agree: 1 pass will tend to hide a lot of stuff. But when I did a quick example and showed him us recovering SAM files (windows password files) from one of his HDD's containing the MSCACHE hashes of several employees on his Windows Domain he was convinced (edit: of course that was a lucky break - and you do have to crack the passwords too - but we got some contact info and other document segments too :)). Well umm no article, rather practical experience :). As I explained elsewhere we get wiped disks sent to us weekly. Some will have deen blanked with 0's (perhaps one a month). I know of only a few that specifically have had dd used on them - but usually we dont know the story of the disks :) so it could be higher. We have a SEM that produces an image for our analysts to rebuild with a variety of software packages (Encase Enterprise is one example, and we have several pieces of kit from accessdata. Plus scripts/programs written in house). With a zeroed disk your looking at minimum £1000 upwards and at least a months work (most of that time spent on the SEM and on one of our clusters processign the data). Linkspam. This is the original (and better) article: http://www.uie.com/articles/three_hund_million_button/ SEM = Scanning Electron Microscope. Actually when I say "ours" it is jointly owned by a local university who house it and use it when we dont need it. It is specialised (or rather adapted) for HDD scans though. Yes that kinda explains the proces. It's rather complex and not something I am fully versed in (it not being my field, I process the data) but I will have a shot at explaining. It is possible to analyse the individual bits and predict what the byte was before by seeing what has "moved" (i.e. when you zero a byte or a cluster it simply moves all the 1 bits to zero) The reason 3 passes defeats is (mostly) is that it deliberately makes sure every bit is moved at least once (for example by writing first FF and then 00 to it). Then a final zeroing pass. Because you write the inverse of the first pass on the second run it ensures every "pin" is moved. Then when you write 0's anything that can be reconstructed is just the random garbage from the second pass. Anyway; a 120GB disk will produce about 1TB of statistical data from the SEM process - which we can analyse. Once you get a handle on a few "known" files (like the OS ones) you can begin to rebuild unknown protions based on that data. Keyword recognition and file signatures help identify when we succesfully recover something. You are talking about a weeks processing on 25 node cluster (100 cores). No not needed: but they shortcut the process because the software can get a handle on the data it is given a little better. It just cuts the processing down a bit (never tested it without that kind of searching so I couldnt say how much). I suspect that a RAID would foil it. For a start we would need to program in the facility to rebuild the RAID (and analyse based on Chunks). I doubt it would work out. We do quote a price for SEM Raid recovery but it is in the 10's of thousands - a.k.a no thanks :D I was going to - but the parent article is pretty interesting (and i didnt have time for the resubmit :D) > If a prosecutor (or government torturer) can prove the suspect had a file and wiped it out (e.g. /documents/superillegalfile.txt), I wouldn't like to be in his place. In the UK that would be only sideline evidence, you'd have a hard time getting the CPS (crown prosecution service) to actually prosecute based on that evidence. Recovering the file is 9/10ths of the law :P (this is our main revenue stream btw - forensics for law enforcement). phew :D so glad you commented this. I think some people were taking it too literally..... there is a limit ;) Foxmarks is dead, long live Foxmarks :) aka they replaced it with Xmarks for some reason. ref: http://blog.xmarks.com/?p=738 I can think of a couple of reasons - Sheer geekery (though that doesnt work with your comment about cost, I admit). - Multiple PC's (example: at my desk I have a dual screen setup for working on, a 3rd screen connected to a different PC for email, IM [chatterous via Gtalk ftw] & personal stuff and a smaller screen off to one side which is a build machine / test client. Using a KVM to share Kb/M but still being able to see all screens is a great advantage :)) I do wonder how many people responded via HN with relevant info? (purely out of interest). That said I guess one can hardly blame his IRC friends for posting to the list just in cae :) EDIT: removed Off Topic comments. ;) Software? :P I did go through a phase of using some crappy software package to lay out sites. But in the end it seemed to take more time. Now I generally sketch briefly on paper (just ot remind myself) design in photoshop, slice graphics out, position and apply CSS and throw in the data :D 2 points (I downvoted this - here is a rationalisation of that). Firstly we have no info about what happened. In all liklehood (as in the majority of cases) this was a cry for help to which his friends responded well. Calling it an almost-death is, at the moment, an overstatement :) Secondly I think you missed the commentors point. I feel nothing but a passing interest in this - yes I hope the guy is ok but there is nothing I can personally do. It's not something I will remember tomorrow (unless it hits here again). If the posting here bore fruit then that's great.. but otherwise lets move on. EDIT: of course if it was someone I happened to know I would have been notified by the posting and would have done something (just ot be clear :D). And finally one has to wonder equally whether messages of support from random people he has never seen (on a thread he will never see) would have a positive effect. I doubt it. The same is true for semi-negative posts. DOnt forget this was several years ago - some of the technology was not a minature as it might be now :) Do you mean physical security considerations? or digital? I think you hit on the things that struck me too. Actually analysing it there is now less info above the fold but it feels like a hell of a lot more. Whats with the icons on the right column? That's basic readability rules broken there (people dont "read" icons so they are a bit worthless as an exlanation of the content). Im not totally sure I'd agree it's functional Also just noticed the "Connect with friends" section got bumped to the bottom of the right column. Who scrolls that far? Surely that is one of the biggest ways for them to get new users (via invites) and they have basically rendered it ineffective :P like came a few days ago (seperately). That was a pure friendfeed clone (and feels clunky to say the least). Not sure I wuold agree. Certainly I think they made a mistake with the design changes. Before this update I checked my newsfeed fairly often (4 or 5 times an hour) and it was usually updated. Last night after the change I saw maybe 2 or 3 new additions in arond 2 hours (even though I was hanging out on specific friends profiles and watching their new content from there). A lot of stuff never made it to my feed. :( Im at my Brothers for the weekend but when I get back tomorrow night I plan to figure something out (more radical). FYI I submitted a similar thread yesterday. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=515376 Some interesting comments on there :) EDIT: the rounded edges are annoying me the most :( Im somewhat gutted because I am still 6 months or more off of launching our social network. If i had known in advance of this crap change I suspect we could have skimmed a good few users from FB :( www.livemeta.net :) Non-functinonal/alpha at the moment (we are reworking some of the core). :) Obviously as we get closer to launch I'll ask HN to give it a good critique :D Some people are talking about the first person to live to 1000 being alive today... so, a 900 year decline? :) I think whilst you have a point you also neglect to factor in that with medical developments extending life we will also end up with developments in mental care/extension. I have to say the most intruguing stat is the under 20 group. I would imagine one or 2 but nearly 90 people seems suprisingly large. I wouldnt have expected that many people finding an interest here at that age. (Hypocritically I probably would have found it interesting at that age :D). EDIT: Im 22 incidentally. Intruiging idea. However it seems extraordinairily high risk for the investors. You mention choosing the recipients would be tricky and that if they fail (which I imagine would occur in a high percentage of choices) they could get a high paid job to pay it off. However: - Jobs ar never guarateed. I know some excellent people who have struggled to find jobs. If they had to apply to a job after 5 yrs of being an entrpeneur I think they might struggle. "So what have you been up too prior to this?". "Oh, well someone gave me 5,000 a month for 5yrs and now I need to pay it off." Even with spin it doesnt sound too hot :) - The current economy is shaky. This person has no guarantee for this high interest loan. If things go south there is no guarantee on the money. Yes the return is very good (well, sort of good) but the risk seems crazy high. Expecially as there is no feedback... When YC funds hackers they choose projects that may or may not succeed - which is a risk. But there is a modicum of protection in the funds. They also take an involvement in the business and provide valuable advice that will help it get off the ground. In your scheme it is something of a fire and forget. If I had 100,000 to invest/spend somewhere I would certainly play it on other risks (definitely trading 20% year on year for 10-15%) with more security. (btw are you calculating interest year on year or per total exp? yoy your stats are ok, but per total your average is actually makign a loss of about 3% (ish)). EDIT: I just realised you said $2000 a month - not $5000. Last year I was on the same salary (in the UK £1000 a month, which is probably a touch less). I lived at home with my parents and paid them £120 a month rent. Even then I just about managed to have any liquid income (buying foodand contributing to the house bills). Were I living on my own (payinf real rent) I dont think I could afford it :D (would be a push) and certainly not afford the facilities to be an entrepeneur. One other thought that occurs to me is that becoming a millionaire (which I think is well within the capacity of the majority of people here) is something that usually takes a lot longer than 5 years :) Drip funding an individual for that length of time is unlikely to make them successful either - 5000 a month is enough to live on fairly well but if they are still relying on it after the first 2 years then I dont see them succeeding... a lump sum up front (or payments over 2 years) would probably have a better effect. Giving the individual liquid funds above what is needed to live will probably show greater returns in the end :D For the record I agree that the chances of the data exactly replicating the reality is minimal. If nothign else because the youngsters here are more likely to respond (and also respond correctly) even though it is anonymous :) But even allowing for that I would reckon we can use the data to extrpolate a few guesses. For example the high number of under 20's votes (I imagine these beign the most accurate numbers because of the deomgraphic too). Plus of course this place is probably more likely to generate valid responses because of the general demographic. I would expect the data to be more accurate than a similar poll on, say, welovebritneyspears.com :) So, yes (and to abuse a much overused maxim :D), voluntary poll data is untrustworthy. But some are more untrustworthy than others ;) I'd argue that entirely depends on the context :) it's a bit of a blanket statement. Equating that example to this poll is heading to very shaky territory. I can tgink of plenty of factors that would indicate both why that was an incredibly innacurrate poll (and polling method) and why a poll here on HN is probably going to produce at least soem form of workable data :) I've toyed with the idea but sadly got a pay rise in my day job which means it's worth more to me (well, us). (which I do consider a shame because I would love to give YC a crack and see if I am up to it! :D). Let us know how you get on: I for one would love to see someone blog about the whole process from the get go right through. For those of us who are/were never funded like this it could be insightful :D I doubt we would ever do YC now: things are past the idea stage (and have been for a while) but I was thinking of coming up with a spin off idea just for the sheer experience (not really expecting to get funding). Good luck in your app! I think infamy is getting to arrington a little. He does tend to exhibit more and more arrogance as well as some classic signs of heading int oa midlife crisis. I havent stopped reading Techcrunch but I am always extra careful with all the stuff on there now. nope :) I think Facebook was leading the field for a long time. Twitter and Friendfeed (though I am not a fan of the latter) carved out a specific niche. But now FB is just stagnant - there hasnt been much in the way of killer new features for over 6 months (probably longer). It's just facelift after facelift (and this new one is not all that good in my opinion). FB taught us some good lessons: I think the market is ripe for a generation 3 social network. Im a very poor mathematician and I think I am a pretty ok programmer! The math I have ever used in programming has been minimal/low level stuff. So yes you need to be ok at maths: but only to a basic level. At the moment I am doing a lot of work with hash algorithms and that is fairly heavy math: but still doable with some research. I've always said that a good ability to write english (or whatever your native language is) is more important. If you are a good writer chances are you will be a good program writer too (note: not necessairily a good programmer ). A strong writing ability will let you write solid looking, readable, fluid code (which is often one of the most important things) whilst a basic mathematical grounding and some "out of the box thinking" (focus on the latter) will give you the ideas for the code to write ;D Your never too young. There is a difference between trust and anarchy. Without the passwords there is no trust. With accounts and account passwords you assume that one account == one person. That is the trust we put into the community. Having no passwords does not mean extra trust: it just means we would have to trust what people post less because there is now a higher chance that it is not them. :) Haha you can tell this is hacker heaven... I automatically typed 2 == without even thinking aobut it :D Such as what? (honestly interested) I would dispute the need for a good amount of logic / logical process. But I dont think that is purely about math :) Make the images smaller - they tend to load slowly on slower-ish connections meaning the text/title changes but the image is of the previous movie. Cue confusion ;) Otherwise pretty good show. Also how about doing a mobile version if you can, that would be snazzy (Iphone yeh!) :D I'd be interested to see the rankings you get from this. Yeh that is a good idea! I think that was the major problem - the the images didnt disappear immediately when I clicked. Kudos for posting a home-hosted site to HN! thats like the pinnacle of hackerdom :D Neat idea - Valve have the content market well wrapped up at the moment so something genuinely new like this might have a chance of succeeding. That seems a very heavy intro to the world of programming :) At the same time it has to be about the money too - otherwise it's a pretty silly venture :) (i.e. it is throwing good money at bad ideas). Oh wow awful freudian slip there. It should read "I wouldn't dispute..." sorry, busy morning ;) No - but I imagine most do because that is where the investors are :) It's simple math. If you come to YC for the Summer will you: a) finish up with a working product ready to take to the next level b) at that point then be able to afford to move home or ship the GF out c) still be with the GF in the Autumn should you not go to YC d) are unable to get the project off the ground from where you are Yes? Then try it :) (err and also: have you asked what the GF thinks? that seems the first port of call... :)) TBH fairly small - but there is a difference between profitable and being able to get hold of some capital (beyond the seed funding of YC). You might well get to that stage (no - you should get to that stage :D). Is there any reasons the GF cant come to the bay with you? EDIT: cheeky but does the GF have any hacker skills to become a cofounder? Having built a couple of scalable systems of my own (personal project one running on 5 machines currently and 2 works ones running on 50 machines and 17,000+(client)/15(server) machines respectively - though note those last 2 are not websites) I can say safely that the easiest option is to go with a cloud provider. :) It's a pain to make sure you monitor loads and tweak the availability as things grow. Whereas with Amazon (who I would 100% recommend having recently played with them) it is pretty much all automagical :) One of the things I used to do when I was a more naive programmer was attempt to reinvent the wheel. Take LiveMeta. I got distracted for at least 2 weeks writing a javascript/php visitor tracking system (and it was damn good :D) . But the thing is - it's not what the site was about, it was an incidental feature (solely for the developers too!) and in the end Google/Clicky provided enough features. I traded one cut and paste of the Google Analytics code for 2 weeks I should have spent on the other parts of the project. Same applies here: dont give yourself work. If the project is going to need to scale fast ebough to require cloud computing/scalable architecture pay the bit extra to have Amazon do it for you. 3 years down the line you might decide it is time to invest in your own network - but right now I doubtthat shouldbe your focus. :) You have to understand that some aspects of the work stuff is covered under NDA :) HOwever.. The personal project is a social network site (still under development) - I built the scalable back end because we secured some funding and were thinking of launching until other factors caused us to re-evaluate. We built the architecture because it is running an evolved version caching server I wrote at university plus some other parallel applications (my thesis was in these areas) I wrote to load balance the Databases :) On the work front the smaller cluster is essentially a massive cache cluster (like BigTable) I wrote based on my previous work that we use in office for storing the large fast-access tables we use. We process & access numerous pre-generated hashes daily (upwards of a billion). The software can scale as we add / remove nodes. If it needs extra storage it can temporairily grab one of the other servers used for other purposes. If this happens a lot it notifies us we need a new addition: commodity hardware, 64Bit OS with jack lots of RAM and voila :D The second setup is the hash generation system. The server side of this is a distributed storage system (again custom written). It does work closely with the hash database too. I cant realy talk about the client side of the above :) Coding in the scalability was the hardest part of all 3 exercises. EDIT: and if that sounds cool, well, it is. But it is also a lot of headaches too :) As someone who works weekly on such cases I would like to point out that the technical content of this article is largely correct, however the sections about the origins of the abuse and the accused is incorrect. As the writer of the letter states the majority of this is conducted by the russion organised gangs. Usually as one part of their larger cyber-crime operations. That entire "industry" is a multi-million dollar one. precisely. I upvote, what, maybe 2 or 3 stories a day. And read around 20% of what gets posted here. That isnt bad numbers - the point of the new page is, surely, to filter the crud :) I enjoy doing that! // Disclaimer: I work in investigating these crimes \\ His assertsion about the number of wrongly convicted people are very wrong.I would say that around 80% are "users" whereas the rest have usually stumbled across it (this is very obviosu btw: there is not often a fine line). A lot of the defence is "it was a virus" so it is one of the first checks and has been the case in only one example as I recall. We deal with all sorts of computers weekly & I have never identified CP on any of the machines that cross my desk (bar the odd image or 2 come across whilst browsing legitimate pron sites) In terms of the origins: a lot of the mild abuse is "homebrew" with a small proportion of the worst images being homemade. The majority of extreme images are, from their context, commercially produced. I cant say much about the children being forced or not (or comment on the argument of whether they are innocent or not) because I am biased due to my job and because it is wholly subjective (actually I deliberately emotionally detach from such thoughts to allow me to do my job fairly). And finally because I am involved purely in the technical side and have not met any abused persons :) I am a bit worried to say any more: it really is grazing close to a line here (silly laws ;)). Im well on the right side of said line (i'll add) but.... EDIT: edited slightly after chatting to a colleague :) yep - the botnets are usually multipurpose. You can buy botnets containing a few thousand machines all over the place fairly cheaply now. Great question thanks In terms of viewing images it is quite hard. Partly I manage it due to my personality (empathy troubles etc. which is ideal for disconnecting). Mostly though it is by multi threading: I program & pen test for the company I work at so I occupy my mind with programming/hacking problems for later whilst leaving part of me on neutral to process cases. And then just through sheer will power :) At first it was difficult to do but I find it easier and easier to function perfectly normally (i.e. thoroughly and effectively do an investigation) whilst not fully connecting with the content :) (Also we use hash analysis to cut down the amount of actual content we view - standard practice). If you mean in terms of not feeling angry at suspects etc. - that is difficult but I find ways to channel my dislike outside of work (kickboxing, occasionally alcohol, arguing with my GF):) and carefully control it when in the office. Again - practice makes that easier. Not for everyone but I (and I hesitate to use this word because of the context) enjoy it. Somewhere between low and impossible. Usually it would be the users (the ones that send out the spam etc. via the networks) who get caught - and that is a very low number as well really (compared to those uncaught). Customer: but only because they are the easiest to track (and we get most of the cases from a 3rd party). Distributors fall into "community" who download and share as much as they can for free and commercial. The former are often caught, the latter next to none are tracked - most are in Russia. Thel atter are usually also creators - the commeercial creators are cuaght once in a blue moon. I do do private work (for ourselves) to track these networks but it is incredibly difficult. > Start small. Make a website or write a tool for some idea you have, and your development will grow out of there organically. That's probably the best advice for would-be hackers I have seen for a while. kudos. I would like to say that I would encourage you to come and do my job before you try to make claims like these :) > And I presume you're "coming out" in favour of a world in which you can be thrown in jail at any time for the existence, on a computer under your control, of a copy of a photo you didn't take? This is precisely my job: to figure out if the suspect downloaded the image deliberately (which is a crime) or not (which isnt). As you might have gathered from my earlier figures 20% of the computers I look at are innocent (and I prove them to be)..... :) Your "freedom" is for the computer users and doesnt consider anyone else. > Anybody that clicks the link to get their daily Apple rumor will instantly become a criminal. No this is not the case at all. It is my job to seperate out things like that - and show use . So a few images in your browser cache would be flagged as a negative. Or perhaps a (non apparent) zip file that was dl'd then deleted a few minutes later (with the images). Traces are left of the PC but you wqouldnt get in any trouble for isolated incidents like that. On the other hand if the zip got downloaded and unzipped to "mucky pics/blah blah" and then there was evidence of it being viewed.. well.... Intent is the important thing Computers store huge amounts of information if you know just how to extract it :) doing the above suggestion would leave traces for us to find (this is not a 10 minuts job; your looking at days of work per HDD). How many of them photographed & videoed it to sell on the internet? :) (there is a distinction there I think) Well yes I would report that as a positive: i.e. that I had found material. Depending on the grading of the images the CPS would then decide what to prosecute him with (i.e. all level 1's would probably get you a talking too and advice on places to get help if required, a decent number of level 5's would prompt prosecution). I'd also look at how he organised them. For example if it was a few 100 MB's of borderline images (even if we know they are illegal) and they were spread randomly in his porn collection then I would possibly consider it a negative. If then I found google searches for "download lolita" etc. and evidence of hanging out on 12chan et al then I might revise that view. Each case varies considerably :) as I am sure you can imagine. Currently possession of the material in large quantities is a crime. What legal reason could there be for holding that quantity on disk? (bearing in mind the checks and paperwork we have to go through to hold the material per the requirments of our contracts). That amount of data (10GB is a lot ) would prompt me to look very closely at the sources and other activity as it would suggest distribution too (indeed I would be surprised if there were no distribution at that scale). 1 image wont get you jail time. 100 would depend on the context & the grading. 1000+ is, I hope, fairly obvious :) Thank you for saying so :) I dislike getting "sympathy" or "understanding" for my job (not that you've done that). I chose it :D I do my bit and that is it's own reward. I've quite enjoyed chatting about it on here though (I do feel a bit of a cheat that it's earned me nearly 100 Karma in total). You guys have asked much more interesting questions than anyone else does :D Ah yeh I see what you mean there. Well everything leaves traces - you juust have ot hunt it out and figureout where they hide things ;) That said your assuming technical ability: which these consumers dont really have. The mid level (i.e. community) distributors probably dont have it either. Top level distributors? Pfft try catching them :) barely happens. At the end of the day it is all about the trail. You tie together their chat, web activity, downloads, and where images are stored. Factor in things like times (can be useful to confirm who used the PC) and extraneous usage (eg: download images, followed by checking email followed by more downloads is pretty incriminating :D). You build up a picture of what happened and it quickly shows the intent. If you get someone googling for normal porn and downloading a couple of borderline CP zips it is fairly obvious compared to somone searching limewire for "lolita" and setting 100 related torrents off to download :) EDIT: example, that I am allowed to mention, try the case of a school computer teacher coming into class in the morning and setting Limewire off to download CP before teaching a class. He took steps to hide what he did (encrypted containers etc.) but in the end it was easy enough to prove via log files, thumbnails and internet usage etc. That is the most technical ability I have seen in a consumer. One of my favourite "teachers" in this industry that I learned a lot from had a great email I will give you in full. """A lot of them will use the defence it was a Virus. Which is the default "you got me but I want to squirm" defence of last resort. It does have merit and you should ALWAYS check for it. But at the end of the day it's a pretty amazing virus if it can search the internet, download 100 images, burn them to CD, write "mucky pics" on it and hide the thing behind the radiator""" His point is simple: there is always a piece of evidence that will prove or disprove intent. SOmething that requires active, knowing, user input. We look at everything we possibly can do and build the picture as a whole. In your specific example we carefully check the times stuff occurs. If, for example, there was one download incident at an odd time (compared to normal PC usage) it would trigger alarm bells in our heads. Im not saying it is impossible to frame people in these ways - but I would be I've yet to see a virus that downloads CP in a form that can be viewed by the normal user. I have found a couple of isolated virus' that were part of a botnet used to distribute material. But the images were carefully hidden and it was obvious where they originated. Certainly I dont know anyu virii that open IE and google for CP :D In my mind the best zombie films are - Dawn of the Dead (modern version) - The first Resident Evil - 28 Days Later The common theme in them is they are different and "non cheesy". I hate cheesy horror films (Scream made me laugh so hard ;)). Dawn of the Dead has fast zombies in (Day of the Dead failed partly because they slowed down :() which is a great idea. The "gritty" camera work also works well with that (the sort of hand camera filmed look) speed as you really get the horror etc. Resident Evil was just epic full stop. Verged on cheesy but elegantly avoided it. Not particularly scary but the sexy lead kicking ass = good :D Also it was somewhat intelligent - it explained the Zombies fairly logically (and mixed in an acutally good storyline - the memory loss etc.) and crucially kept them locked into one location. None of this "spreading across the world" thing. It could happen :D 28 Days Later is far and away one of the best. The Zombies only make up a small portion of the film and the rest focuses on humanity facing the end of life as they know it. It was an extremely good story (really, very very simple but hugely effective) and didnt push the reality enevlop too far. So IMO what makes a good zombie flick? - Realism (as far as possible) - Good, sensible, logical story (it could happen!) - No cheese (OMG were all gonna dieeee) - Hot lead optional - Gritty (camera work and writing) Hope that helps :D EDIT: oh yeh make it logical. Slow zombies are never really a threat - I always hate those films where they fail to avoid lumbering zombies. Please :( Also, I never thought Shaun of the Dead would count. If it does this pips 28 Days Later as my fav zombie film. The writing/story is pure brilliance and the production is very very good. It nails it's genre perfectly. Create 50 or 60 accounts and keep them ticking over (i.e. voting on random articles daily - maybe even comment from a few & submit the odd semi legit link). Then submit what you want and upvote carefully. Voila. Probably not that hard: though given the size of the community I'd hope we'd spot them. Online IQ tests are never very indicative. It can be hard to concentrate on & parse the test. Scores are likely to be significantly lower. Also most top out at 144 as anything higher would be tough to judge based on such a test. I would imagine a large segment of this cmmunity is above 144 IQ. However if anyone wanted to post their IQ'ds it would be interesting (if not very conclusive). I would figure the average to be in excess of 120 though. It might work here, I doubt Digg/Reddit would manage it (too biiiiig) :P FYI possesion of 10GB of actual execution porn would probably get you a significant jail sentence (I dont think it gets you on the sex offenders register though). Never come across a case though. The end users though do contribute to creating the crime: they create a market and a community. For example an individual may have innappropriate thoughts related to abusing children and creating the imagery - by creating a community from which he/she can gain access to the material they could well be encouraged to put thoughts into action. You cant pin any specific blame but removing them from society is always going to help :) Plus of course you dont know what they may do in th future. Looking at images may develop into actual abuse. Leave that person free? Or put them in jail and attempt to rehabilitate? Not a choice IMO. Whether the rehabilitiation process works is a seperate debate in my opinion (I would say it doesnt as it happens) but there isnt much I can do about that for now. I was going to write a long response to his obscure and reprehensible views. But this sums it up more eloquontley :) good show. Execution por: I mean snuff. I assumed that was what you referred to. I dont think images of simple executions would get you in trouble (tho 10G might). > I specifically specified anonymous downloading with no ties to the "community" Anon downloadings via P2P usually still seed the content for others. Via websites, well, it's hard to be anon and have access to the sites. You have to show a "face" on boards, IRC, usenet etc to be shown access. And, anyway, you should take your own advice ;) and do the research. The majority of people do partake in the community. Well, yes, I suppose some are. But ones like the Mensa online tests are usually fairly ok in terms of fair marking. 5% is quite a high number to be above 140 :) I'd bet there are a goodly few people far enough over 144 to skew any results. I hate to say it but this link kinda falls into "weak comic reference" and "useless comment" and whilst only just skirting round "just die already" [flagged] It descirbes what we all do: hack stuff together. I guess his point was that if you dont really enjoy it you wont be a wonderful hacker. (I agree) Im not going to reply except to say that your simply using this as a soapbox to sound off on your version of freedom of speech and anti-censorship. Are the children subjected to CP free? Why does the freedom of XYZ person who wants to see children (children here, 3 or 4 years olds or younger for example) come before the freedom of 100's of youngsters who are abused. I thoroughly encourage you to actually come try ot work in the industry before making claims that it is against free speech :) As an electronics engineer (yes, someone gave me a degree! :o) I quickly learned that resisitors are mythical magical beasts that can fix anything. In a circuits lab you would regularly hear the cry "grrr, it's not working! Fetch me the resistors". No one has quite worked out how they do it every time. Or as one of my favourite lecturers put it "you can design the most impressive, streamlined, cut down, beautiful circuit in the world. But I bet it still has a resistor in it" :) You've already quit your job :) The best advice in this economy is to get your head down and stick in your job till things pick up again. But, you know, were not here because we do what were told or are supposed to do. :) so get outta there and go make some real money (belief!). pfft now your being geeky! I had the same "revelation" (strong word, a bit to strong). They could be right. Certainly a good point (they earned a sticky reader here :)) This is just the tip of the iceberg. I've been picking at the new design for nearly a week and there is a host of security flaws and loopholes left there. (up your privacy settings if you want to remain private!) Have you considered the cost of that to scale? (no idea of the application ofc). DB writes are very expensive. There is no reason why you cant bootleg a caching system to handle the on-refresh updates with things like sessions. One of the problems I always have with recent articles about caching web content is that people seem obsessed with not having ot change the cache at all! That's not the point - the point of the cache is to have regularly used, on demand data easily accessible. A session node is prime material for that. Yes it needs to be updated quite frequently but there is absolutely no need to save it anywhere permanently whilst it is in use! (of course once you get to super-scale apps like Facebook it does then become a problem to maintain all the cached data across multiple locations :) but if you can hold everything on a couple of servers it's not going ot present an issue). @the OP: caching standard elements of a page is always a good idea. Caching "dynamic blocks" will also be a good approach (it is one I use) on the basis that if only one needs updating you dont have to refresh the whole cache just on portion :) Just dont og overboard - i.e. if you start to get 20 or so block (though I cant imagine anyone would :S) the overhead of pulling the cache might start to have an effect. Haha I was going to make the same joke damn you :) (for the downvoters who never clicked through: it links back here ;)) edit: not sure people appreciate irony :P I tried this in about 2005. Getting any kind of custom was HARD (mostly the only customers were clients from my freelance web design work). After 4 years (wow that seems so little really!) we have only a few regulars and are unable to bring in new custom because of being unable to compete price wise. You'll be better off offering "simple hosting" to niches. I.e. one idea I had was to offer cheap gaming clan websites - with a small forum & all the default pages a clan would need with a couple of nice looking templates to choose from (your welcome to use that BTW, no way I have the time to implement it). Sucessfully reselling space from an account like you have takes serious legwork.. if it's just for fun I would pass it by :) Personally I never worry about people commenting on threads by making a blog post and submitting it. Obviously if it is not adding anything exciting then it's a bit of a pointless activity - but it's not hurting anyone (except taking a few seconds to skim & think "nah"..) As to it being a sneaky way to draw traffic: I dont see why that is a problem! :D As pointed out already it's unlikely HN will add anything to ones revenue (well I can say it doesnt having had some of my bloggings posted here). On the other hand by being taken offsite to someones corner of the internet could well find me a great new person to look at. Passing over crappy blogs / content is easy IMO but I'd hate to miss out on the posts of a great individual :) Ive long respected the approach of Salesforce: whilst this is new info to me I am not surprised at the efficiency. Pretty impressive that: 20 tables for all that data! And we are stuck messing with MySQL (etc) and all these new non-relational databases. :) Apologies for the self-submission (I know it niggles some people) but I thought this was interesting. The MOST interesting thing is FB seem uninterested. I dropped them an short email 24hrs ago with no response. Oh well :) I published on advice from some other people: it's not exactly the worst or most gaping flaw in the world (as the access can be obtained through other means) but it is a bit of a noob error! thanks - the worrying thing is given this and other work weve seen appear this last week simple, trivial exploits like this are all over new Facebook. Individually not a massive headache: all together maybe more so? ;) Great post! I specifically like how it is written non-regionalised :) so the advice applies pretty much anywhere. +1 I think your generalising a lot of issues. Like inequality is a huge field all in itself - some of them major issues, some of them becoming less so. If overpopulation is the prime factor the solution is, rationally, easy. Expand outwards into the solar system/space. (assuming we are talking long term solutions). Try print computer magazines - especially ones with an online version too. They usually take freelance/unsolicited content and pay fairly well for it if it is good. Some tips (I write on/off for such mags): * Give them a deadline to reply by - otherwise they could take ages to get back to you. Set it for 2 weeks. After 7 days send a follow up email. * Ensure you tell them you want "reprint content permission" which will let you publish it on your blog or elsewhere after they publish it (usually the grace period is a month afterwards). * 5p per word is minimum price for articles under 5000 words - if they offer you less haggle :) (the most I get under 5000 is 7p a word, above 5000 words it will be done on fixed rates depending on the mag & the content) * They will try to bully you gently - stand up strong. It will get you further :) * Be bold in your initial email (but dont gush, I learnt the hard way the "I love your mag" doesnt work with editors because they dont love it, it is their job :D). Include anything that qualifies you as an expert. * Link to previous work that has gone down well (if there is any) and also link to obviosuly respected industry experts with similar views (so they know your not just an upstart :)). Good luck! There is generally a market for any kind of writing :) if nothing else it will easily sell as stock content on one of the stock websites. EDIT: ok so it's clear now the intent isnt commerical :) so that is a moot point I just made! it does have break, yes (and I think continue though I confess I have never used it :)) That's actually pretty impressive - not so much the idea but getting the users to accept it (even like it). Unusual :D Something about "people like that" always puts me off. You know the kind of big grin, be with you next week, dripping in cash attitude :) He probably does have the money etc. - but you'd have ot worry if he has the commitment to be a decent angel.... (most angels would be up and running publicly by now) I could be wrong: just a gut impression I got. Why does it keep getting killed off? out of interest? I lost track yesterday. maybe not a huge market - but I guess when you can write a VM that works 56[sic] times as fast as IE's JS engine then people tend to let you have your own way :) The only crucial killer is that you cant have it running in the background (which makes it essentially useless). (the not-over-3G thing is easily overcome with a jailbreak + app) I use Skype as my landline when at home (and dont wish to pick it up when not at home) so if they could overcome that it would be a brilliant alternative to a wifi skype phone for me (plus I could easily check voicemail at hotels when I travek etc.). I have to say, I can see why M$ didnt want to sign considering their love of the propietary model and how silly it is :) The only thing to say to this is that those people that constantly scoff at"yet another URL shortening service" have just been shown how wrong they were to dismiss them all :P not at all but it implies the potential! I have to confess that my first thought wasnt googleventures.com. Indeed I tried (without looking) ventures.google.com - following that logic that that is how they do pretty much everything else. A load of rubbish :) - flagged. they are also publishing a book of the most popular FU's. I guess that is probably worth more. The real use of chatterous though, for me, is the private or semi-private groups. I use them on personal and work project groups now (via Gtalk.. when it works ;)) and it up productivity no end. The way I see chatterous is like a modern, web based form of IRC. Very little else has come close to that before :) Summary: Tech Crunch overhyped another rumor to get traffic. I was tolerant of TC till these last few weeks. But this makes about 5 TC posts in under 2 weeks that have just been a waste of space. Now I am adding them to my HN (and other sites) block list and removing them from my feeds. Personally Im not interested in sensationalist media :( ambiguous question: clearly "everything possible" is the only logical answer :) no but I have :) (GM script - I think it is on userscripts somewhere I modified it to work an another site too) This wasnt presented as a rumor (yes I know they said it was but the wording gave it an edge of "this is more than just a rumor guys!!!!") at all. It's not just this story that has triggered my reaction: there has been several in the last few weeks that makes TC just too much effort to read. Why take the time to extract the real information from their spin when there are much better blogs / news sites already doing that for me :) EDITL: here you go - they even wrapped the retraction into a sensationalist headline :) http://www.techcrunch.com/2009/04/03/twitter-wouldnt-sell-fo... I do have to hand them the crown of best at marketing themselves - and that's great, why not. But I dont have the patience to read it any more :) Straight up. Every FriendFeed account I have seen either pulls data from Twitter or (much smaller number) pushes updates to twitter. That's not good considering that is their big rival.... I tried friendfeed and didnt like it. If I want to have a discussion about something I prefer to do it on forums and blogs where it gets the right attention. It's useless for twitter-esque updates because twitter does it much more cleanly (KISS) and it's no good for my close personal friendships, Facebook still (just) rules that roost. FF is trying to be the all-in-one solution: and that never works out well. Chatterous.com Rather than rehash why I would.. I explained it not long back here: http://www.errant.me.uk/blog/2009/03/dont-ignore-the-donator... How much? At the moment Chatterous is probably worth... $50 a month to me - and probably more to the company I work at. EDIT: I realise that verges on linkspam but otherwise I would end up writing an essay on why chatterous should offer "pay for" - and I already did that :P and the security implications of that would be insane... because native applications are usually installed by choice. With a browser the implication (of the poster) is you could browse anywhere . Which obviously is a security risk because any page you visit has access to the Iphone API. Would you visit a site that had that kind of access in your desktop browser? yeh fair point. But, still, it would make me nervous to use it. I can post questions like that and out of 10 such tweets I will get maybe 2 or 3 replies (total!) from my 78 followers. Twitter has no huge value for me any more and I use it less and less. I plan to remove 90% of the people i follow becuase they add nothing useful & clutter up the stream. I imagine most of your friends will experience the same problem (and can see it from the outset). Maybe I am just using it wrong but I have failed ot have any meaningful conversations on Twitter. For questions/ideas like you mention I find Facebook much more responsive (as I have personal connection to everyone there). whilst I dont want to join in the swombat bashing ;) I do also tend to unfollow over the top tweeters. I stopped following Kawasaki and plan to stop following R. Scoble. Whilst thye do tweet useful stuff it is lost in a mountain of rubbish. The real value of twitter is in the 10 - 30 posts a day tweeters who only post valuable content (or rants or w/e). So, essentially, an App appstore - that sounds like a great idea. TBH I did assume that was what you meant; but it was worth making the point :) not 100% staple HN content but I thought you lot would appreciate the irony :D I have interviewed people recently with the same view. They pushed their (admittedly good) OS projects at us heavily as examples of their greatness. But it was quickly apparent their interest was held only as long as it was useful to their job prospects (aka no passion) and that these projects were covering a lack of technical ability for the job in hand. We used OS projects as a benchmark to see how well someone deals with bugs, user feedback, community and support issues. The code is fairly immaterial (ot a point) because you have no way of knowing how many man hours went into making it as good as it is.... The best programmer in the world is useless if it takes him a year to complete simple commerical projects ;) to a point but I'd want to spend a few hours looking through the major revisions of the work and for multiple candidates that is painful :) Certainly if it was a close call something like that would help a decision. Actually they DO have ads on the site. Im sure they dont make a lot of money out of it though (running costs perhaps) EDIT: @jvdh - heh yeh I only happened to notice because I was using IE ( spit ) at the time. But they are not necessarily helping either. :) Personally the biggest issue I have with TPB is: - They have an anti-establishment attitude NOT a pro-file sharing one. So I dont ever count them as part of the (legit) file sharing community - They have an attitude problem.. there is no reason sharers cant work with copyright holders. But said holders have no reason to trust sharers when people like TPB tend to be the public face (through creating a media circus). I'd say that was a minority of "pirates". Im betting most (i.e. the general populace of file sharers dl music & such like) just want a free lunch. There is earning potential for certain: do they use it? For a group that list openness and freedom amongst their ideals [sic] I dont see any openness about the revenue TPB generates. They release no figures or data. Personally I consider that a double standard (and I have to confess I do believe they make a profit: perhaps not a huge amount but... logically they could make quite a bit and I dont see a decent argument for why they wouldnt ) True and that second part is a fair point (and a statistical issue). I dont think it affects the point though. I am certain that the majority of people on here that do pirate will probably have the consience to purchase what they took if they like it a lot. But what about the 100's of thousands of youngsters pirating all that music. I seriously doubt many of them buy even 10% of what they download. And what about the argument whereby if you download something to "try" it and decide it is not quite worth your money does it then get deleted? Again a doubt it... :) > Their arguments are well-reasoned and, usually, politely stated Really? Mostly they just fall back on the usual anti-capitalist rethoric. Nothing particularly wrong with that but they certainly dont do it politely from what I have seen :) In terms of the other side: true both have their faults. But why does that mean we should side with the pirates :) they have done something wrong. I might have missed your point here but am I right in thinking your sayign that many people cant afford to pay legit for all the material they download? To which I say: so what right do they have to download it for free? Never spend beyond your means :) I believe I have missed your point though: the use of the word relatively threw me (the ly is confusing and changes the context of the sentence :)) > Most of those hundreds of thousands of youngsters would not be purchasing those products, anyway. Most just don't have the money. Is that an excuse to allow them to pirate stuff. How is a culture of "well just pay for what you can afford and take the rest for free" allowable? Was the email address one on a custom or little used domain? Or on a "major" provider address (e.g. Yahoom, Gmail etc.). I have set up MSN and Yahoo addresses in readiness for future use and started getting spam to them within the space of a week :) EDIT: what Im saying is a you making a big accusation. Something like that can damage eMusic for good. If it's true then good - but there are other explanations too.. which we should conasider first. Oh yeh fair point. Although I would like to think I didnt mean to appear criminalize the generation. Mostly it is an education problem coupled with the huge availabilty of the material. That needs to be worked on too. EDIT: according to the BBC reports last week Cinema attendance is at a record low so I think the data is not 100% cut and dried on your example. Also not convinced piracy would impact on cinema too much - based on the face that Cinema offers an extra experience that DVD's / Pirated copies dont. in which case I think you have a point :) > I'm glad the material is available. If only the music, movie and other industries didn't spend so much time fighting it, and instead learned to profit from it. Spotify. Last.fm. Itunes. All legit ways to get the exact same music :) (at various cose). Movies: well yeh still a bit laggy there. But things are improving. Though frankly I am not one to blame the industry for trying to get rid of the pirates (even if it is fruitless) before opening up their catalogues. IMO these are different issues that quickly get confused by people :) not really. Student Editions are usually cheaper to encourage students to purchase the product. Thse that are free handouts are, yes, to encourage later sales. But I dont think you can draw a comparison. A piece of software is usually adaptable and reusable in the future. A lot of film and music is just dropped (tastes change etc.). I doubt the number of youngsters who pay for music once they have the means is huge. Would you pay for the Spice Girls song you downloaded 4 or 5 years ago and havent listened to for the last 2 yrs. No, probably not - but you might have had 2-3yrs enjoyment out of it... where do you draw the line? I dont see any justification for downloading music you cant afford when there are free sites to listen to it on.... it's not as if that lack of funds is depriving said person of the ability ot hear and enjoy the song. It perhaps does inhibit how and in what context they can listen to the song (i.e. no ipods etc.). > We chose to treat the trial as a theater play and as such it’s been far better than we ever could have believed This is the guy that, at one of the press conferences, said they were planning to take the trial fairly seriously because they new they would win and were there to prove a point to the industry..... that is not, as far as I know, how Swedish law works. State litigation is built on test cases I think. So there not being a specific law is not en-passe for it being legal. > If it were up to the recording companies, would they refund me my money if I didn't like a CD I legally bought? Currently, the answer is no. Is it? I have previously returned music to a store within my stautory rights period. Besides even if you do make a fair point lets reverse the situation: is it right to nick a CD from the store if you go back later to either put it on the shelf if you dont like it or pay for it if you do? Anyway; Im not so much talking music you dont like actually (sorry, my fault). My point was focused on music you find acceptable and still would listen to occasionally but dont think is worth £9.99 or however much an album purchase is near you. I know several people with HUGE illegal music collections that would cost them thousands of pounds to purchase - how do they choose what to pay for, what to keep and what they should delete. Answer (for all of them) is they pay nothing and delete nothing.... probably just as the US companies are annoyed how TPB blithely assumes that being in a different country excludes them from copyright law... The argument have 2 (probably even) sides with the majority of us stuck in the middle. Only one is refusing to budge and are acting like "dicks". So.... Whilst I see the flaws in my arguments (and TBH I think they are minimal): I still dont see a legitimate case for calling the file sharing of copyrighted music legally or morally ok.... I am annoyed that I cant downvote the above, so Ill just point out that I would. That's a very strange and illogical attitude IMO. the key would be to go back a bit farther so you had large pools of resources way before 09/11. Then use said resources to "plant" evidence of the upcoming atrocity. But then, you in a cycle, because I am sure there are lots of past tragedies one would want to pre-empt. Personally I would leave it as it is: harsh as it sounds, tampering with History seems a worrying path to tread... (no reasons why you couldnt track down Osama - for example - then jump back in time to tell the US forces where he will be at XYZ date to pick him up :)) I think "an eight year war that's going nowhere and all the unnecessary death" is not an overall assessment of the effect 9/11 has had. Indeed stop it and you could well kill more people (no by atroscities but by the butterfly effect etc.) - do you then go back and stop those deaths? Where does it stop? Do you go back to influence the decisions that affect every innocent life, do you constantly tweak history to ensure the maximum people "survive"? The fact that 9/11 HAS happened means that if anyone has invented a time machine at some point in the future (or whenever) they either took the correct decision not to change history dramatically. Or they did and that was a potential consequence. As I said below. Tampering with History itself is an unbelievably dangerous game. Ah no not what I meant; thatapproach would be on a par with trying to stop 9/11 (aka bad). I mean NOW, in the modern day, find Osama then jump back a month or 2 and provide the military with the date / time / location :) Theoretically then you are not affecting the "past" provided the US military dont arrive till after you make the jump back in time. I guess auspicious in terms of he turned out to be a great physicist - and therefore the date became pertinent. Had he been, for example, a ballet dancer it wouldnt have been quite so interesting. Also, whilst there are 365 days to be born on how many great physicists are there? And how many are born on the centenary of a previous great physicists death? The odds for that is a lot higher than 1/365 :) Ugh, just seen this on Twitter. http://twitter.com/SaveTheGuns/status/1567102622 I dont see why people feel they have to get their shots in when someone is too ill to respond :( (not that it would affect him anyway - but the principle! the principle!) I am jealous. That must have been a fantastic exchange to witness! I have always enjoyed the ease with which Hawking talks about these complex theories - he does it so well. hehe I know :P limit it to 1 account creation per IP per hour :) Yeh they can use a ton of proxies to get round that but I bet it cuts the account creation right down. And it shouldnt affect 99.999999% of "real" users. There's the age old argument of which system to go for: Passive (my suggestion) or Active (yours). Probably both have merits but I am inclined to agree yours is the better way :D A fair point. But they gamed the whole vote not just his position. The first letters of the first 21 names still spells: "Marblecake also the game" All of the top 21 are in those positions because of the engineering of Anon. - so, basically the vote is worthless. Not so much the masses behind him but a devoted few :) Indeed - unless anyone can put forward a convincing argument for inclusion then I will flag it not notable. Well because you start to lose the signal in the noise then. Wikipedia is an enyclopedia not a directory. Mentioning HN would be more appropriate under any Ycombinator or Paul Graham article. You'd still get it then in a search for information. It isnt suitable for it's own article because this is mostly a new streaming site and so hasnt "achieved" anything worth talking about :) Gents if were going to edit the article can we PLEASE attempt to stick to content guidelines. Words like "strive" are weasely and should be avoided (this is an encyclopedia). Report on what was said (and if PG said "I strive" then say something like "Graham has said he strives to"). And umm... some of those references make very little sense This link for example: http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/blog/2009/mar/10/apple-... It is interesting information but ONLY relevant if there was any particular effect from the HN crowd (aka meaning it deserved mentioning in the article - which it doesnt as far as I can tell). Indeed the best place for that to be mentioned is Woz's article. Im editing and removing some stuff now - dont kill me :) I can prove who I am and have acres of relevant links and sources to the bits of software I have written and the sites I maintain. Do I deserver a spot there? I doubt it..... Notability guidelines were always important in my WP time. I would say 90% of the articles I cam across doing clean up tasks were just grime that cluttered the place up. There is no point having useless stuff there - it reduces what relevant stuff you can find! with equal due respect some of us use the middle button for even more useful things [1] [1] in my case it brings up all running programs to switch between -> http://screencast.com/t/mdTjfE6nTqd Indeed I had the same thought reading it. On his specific example he assumes that his sequence of events (1,2,3 and 4) actually happened. Without knowledge of the IP lawyers Warner hire, which one (if any) decided on that course of action and the process that it went through. Without that information he falls foul of his own fallacy. So if your not a political expert does that preclude you from voting in an election? shrug so why imply it in the first place then? The assertion is that his idea of what happened was worth more than the other posters. Indeed from my experience of huge corporations (which comes from fairly regular contact) none of his (3) scenarios are particularly likely... EDIT: (because the above was an unclear reply). my point being he is trying to say the people in that thread are probably wrong whilst offering 3 or so alternatives that are, equally, probably wrong too. Whilst he does admit he cant know what really went down that is not what he seems to suggest in the rest of the post. My point is like PG's: he is falling foul of his own arguments :( and badly. His example is like many of the "culprits" he ID's on here who lay out their opinions in a very specific way and then throw in a "but it could be like a, b, c of course" as a way to make out they are open to any suggestion... ;) :P But that is totally contrary to the blog post you just made :P I was trying to point out the extreme fallacy in your argument. At the end of the day you suggested that postulating an opinion on a subject should be left to the experts. I think were looking at things the wrong way: people should be free to express themselves and their thoughts how they wish. It's up to each of us to decide who is "right" and who we wish to listen to. I think basically I approach this the opposite way from yourself :) Einstein asked a question, the writer said he did not understand the music. Okay so most people would perhaps have just tried to "explain" the music in the intermissions - but I doubt that would have the same effect. One of Einsteins skills was explaining logic in simple easy steps to build up a very complex picture. For me this story (be it true or not) shows his brilliant tutalege in action :) Im with Swombat. Who cares what society thinks :) So many sites email your initial registration details to you in plain text. Even if they store them hashed up in future it's just a bad bad idea :( I know my damn password - I just typed it in :) Well also as a security professional (also called Thomas as it happens :P small world) I would point it out as at least a medium security flaw. > because I would get my ass kicked by my clients and partners. So your reasoning is nothing to do with security - it is to do with saying what the customer wants to hear (low severity stuff can be ignored, right?). I have found the opposite in the past: encrypting passwords is, I agree, a common issue and one that is also usually very simple to fix. You can present that whole fix to the client and it can probably be implemented in a few weeks/months - it's useful because it is not something that will send them screaming to the hills but it is something so they feel they are getting value for money :) (plus you will likely get follow up work - if not to fix the problem then to audit the fixes!). Win win. At the end of the day storing in plain text means it only takes on slip to release all your users passwords into the wild. It IS a big security flaw. If I walk away from an audit w/o flagging the password encryption as something to be addressed fairly soon and then the passwords are stolen my ass is properly on the line (probably more than any other issue). And for the record I am talking as big if not bigger institutions than Fedex and US banks. but it's still the password for THAT site. The slight fallacy there is assuming that it takes a full database compromise to extract the data. One of the things I have found is that often data (especially high-use data like passwords & usernames) is able to be snuck out through much more creative routes - storing in plaintext means extraction is much more worth the effort :) no waiting around to crack the data instant use. The main securityy issue is not so much that the data is in plain text if extracted - it is the fact that it can be instanlty used. If you can only pull hashed, salted passwords from a site there is a LONG delay before you can make use of it, if at all. But with a plain text password a cracker can pull paswords, access accounts instanlty, harvest the data and potenetially ruin your site in minutes. There is no time delay in which potentially you can catch the intrusion. The defence by delay is one of the STRONGEST defence mechanisms you can have. Every day that data is unusable to a cracker the less value it has for him/her and the more chance the intrusion will be noticed. layered security is not the answer - if the weakness is elsewhere in your application then potentially passwords can be extracted in other ways (people run straight to SQL injection as the main source but any decent cracker will be able to explore other options). Hashing and salting a password removes absolutely ewvery security weakness in terms of directly extracting the password. No need for layered security and potentially complex uneeded encryption/decryption in your app. Safe, secure. end of the matter :) Yes fair point. But hashing the other data isnt practical - so it's the security vs. access tradeoff. You can hash passwords without much inconvenience. Also with individual pieces of those other examples of data you mention it is not possible to gain access to the rest. Whereas with a password it IS. Damage limitation. Finally the password and username (or email) are "front of the line". They HAVE to be accessible to an unauthorised client simply so said client can be authorised. Whereas the other data should require authorisation to access. It's not really moot because I never assumed you were asserting that. But you did just say that you would either not mention or flag as low priority (and the suggestion is grudgingly) a plain text passwords issue because "I would get my ass kicked by my clients and partners". I'll be honest - I wouldn't hire you if I had seen that written publicly like that :( I sometimes think that one of the major failings in our industry is that we toe the corporate line and never stop to think like a cracker. That's why I have my job - because I do. Some people see plain text passwords as a "making life easier" issue, whereas for me it is a major weakness at the core of the security chain. Throw all you like in the way but, at the end of that day, the passwords are there in clear text waiting for me to find it. It doesn't matter how many different ways I can or cant compromise a site: all I need to do is do it once... And anyway, my point was less about this specific issue than about how I think you address it wrong. The hashed passwords issue is one you can dress up for a client so they think they get value for money. If they get nothing except a green tick on the "critical errors" page then you leave them with the feeling that they are missing something. Hashing passwords should be fixed - and we can get them to fix it. And at the same time they get something meaningful from their audit :) you think? I'll give you a 4 character password correctly salted and hashed with Sha1 and would like to see you crack it ;) Allowing password security to depend on what the user enters IS silly - but who would! 32haracter salts and sha256 is going to produce a fairly uncrackable password. Even if you know the salt and the salting algorithm (because simply appending a salt is also silly) it can still take a while :) Im not talking about just sticking "MYSECRETSTRING" on the end of every password and sha1-ing it :) Ok to prove what I am talking about (because it is only fair I do). Here are four 4 character password correctly hashed and salted. 6fe4bc5a51a3967a3a5e8d2f2baadd08db8cfa87934d88c142b7f89a 2faf5762d544eafaea9792e90660bfd224ffda2bb5f4dd4435a011ba 86096426b8cef5ebbf438a3f743b955100a4a0b4f72593af7485a1bb 0522e582fb1186fb79934998be7ee04f6c4a607009218fa3c35cffc6 The hash algorithm used is sha1. The salting scheme uses a randomly generated salt and a known salting roation. I gave you 4 to give you fair chance to work on them. I'll give you more if you want. (there is no way to brute force these BTW so dont really bother :)) Yes but that's NOT the issue were discussing here is it. You take steps to hide the algorithm from as many people as possible etc. It's not that hard to do. Finally in a RL scenario I would use the password itself to generate the rotation schema. Provided you required at least 6 characters from your users and a least one number then you can quite fairly combat the brute force approach. The way to do this is to generate a completely random salt and then use the password to create a scheme to rotate the salt into the password. Then hash the result and use the known pattern & the password to generate another scheme to rotate the salt into the hash. The advantage of this is that even if you have a the hash you cant just pull the hash out of the string and append the salt onto every password in your list & then hash it. You have to reverse engineer the salted hash for EVERY password substantially adding to your decryption time. Because the salt is also pseudo-randomly generated it also means that you have to attack every password in this way - you cant pre-generate all the possible hashes and test them because I have basically ignored what the user has entered and increased the keyspace up to around 8e+24. Even the brute force mechanism has a hurdle to overcome because the keyspace assuming an 8 char password is 2821109907456. (there are yet other steps to take to overcome the dictionary style attack) Add in the requirement for the user to enter at least 8 characters at least one of which is a number and your making it a VERY bad day for a would be cracker :) The blocks, I believe, basically disabled most of his site period. I know I visited it late in the afternoon when I heard there was a load of issues and had trobule navigating - and certainly could not install NoScript from the site (oh, obv this is with ABP and Easylist2 installed) I dont know: you see he does have a point about choosing what to block. Given a choice I would allow ads to be displayed on noscript sites because: a) I trust the site owner not to show me crap b) It is his revenue stream and I am willing to support causes I like The best solution was for ABP to fix the flaws that allowed the ads on noscript to slip through the filters. Instead the maintainer chose to rope Ares2 into updating Easylist2 to deliberately target the site. Whatever the motives or the arguments for each side that smacks of the "wrong way to do it" to me :) I choose to use ABP and (prior to this) Easylist. I didnt choose them to inhibit my web experience - and the filters they employed broke noscript for me. It rendered some aspects of the site unusable. That is serious hijacking IMO. Removing the adverts from Noscript would have been easy to do: fix the ABP flaw. Instead he decided to insert content into the ABP plugin via Easylist that targetted and destroyed the site. That was both a deliberate attack and a breaking of the trust I put in ABP. Sure Giorgio also made the same mistake: but he apologised and retracted the updates and, in the heat of anger, I can forgive him. If the ABP team write a similar apology I will forgive them too. But it seems they dont plan too: which is disgusting. Just for the record I wasnt suggesting Easylist 2 needs to apologise: the developer of ABP is the one at fault :) Actually I do use MythTV - and it is from it in part that the idea was born. Doing it manually (as I have been doing a little) is just too time consuming and complicated. As you say it can be done in part by extending and rewriting existing DVR software - but to do it properly you need licenses with content providers etc. to provide on-demand content with which to build your channels. It's a good niche for a startup I reckon (rather than just clone Hulu) niche market I guess. I was at I36 the other month (big UK Lan Party) and there was quite a lot of stuff aimed at the girl gamers. A LOT more girls were there from previous years too: so I guess it is a growing market. I think I might be at i38. Off on Holiday the day after i37 so it's pushing it :) It always amuses me to read these recent news articles about social engineering and what a threat it is. I swear the BBC reported on much the same thing in the middle of last year. At the end of the day there is nothing much you can do to stop the social engineering. Sure we can minimise it to the point where intrusions are no longer so simple (good education is the main key there) but the process is fundamentally reliant on human error. Maximise education, minimise data exposure, get over the fallacy that internal data need not be encrypted and compartmentalize departments of people and you have done all you can. Then it is up to a vigilant IT department and giving staff the confidence to challenge potential intruders. All of the programs there have a fatal flaw in their logic. If any of them come across a collision - where 2 strings hash to the same value - then it will just go into a "loop". The chances of that happening in that key space is probably fairly high (based on my experience). EDIT: also I have 80 billion hashes a few clicks away and none of the 32bit string ones in there (estimate: between 5 and 10 billion ) that I have run a quick test against (so far about 100 million or so) proved negative. Should be done by tomorrow... I doubt there will be match. holds hand up I use PHP. Indeed I use PHP for most of my commercial web stuff (i.e. stuff I make at work & most of my startup ideas). Mostly I'm a Python fan but for websites PHP is just 100% easier for me because I have a framework I know well (KohanaPHP) and years worth of snippets/experience to use in prototying sites. I bet I can code a simple site faster in PHP than Python. As to why PHP isnt discussed much on here: well I will hazard a lot of people take the same approach. We love exciting stuff in Python, C and Ruby (well, not ao much ruby for me :P) but PHP is our grab-it-and-run language. If someone knocks on the door and says "make me XYZ website in 2 days" we will probably pull out the PHP. Nothing exciting and new is really happening with PHP - it is doing what it is supposed to do: help us produce dynamic websites fairly quickly with little fuss. So we can get on with the real job of hacking in Python (or Ruby or C or..... etc.) :D I could be wrong :) WHat would you recommend for getting into Ruby? I tried it once but their site is horrible and the "Hello World" example is really babyish and idiotic - and it put me off :) I've never "got" RoR. Python makes sense to me as a killer all-purpose language just as PHP makes sense to me as a niche for-the-web language (I cant get these people that insist on running PHP standalone :o). But I never quite figured the rails niche. Slicehost is ok, their pricing structure ramps up very fast though. MediaTemple is the one I would recommend to someone for a single (or just a few) site instance. If they needed multiple servers with complex config (or just want to lay them out in your own way) either EC2 (multiple clients model: we have 150+ instances working as clients) or MediaTemple CX (complex hosting - we are in the process of purchasing a 200 node cluster with them) would be my recommendations. ugh, your right that is expensive (never used that aspect of their service myself). In which case I retract recommending MT :P there is, I would suggest, a difference between complaints and whining. Whining is only, really, allowed when you pay for a service. Other wise register your complaint calmly and sensibly. Secondly there is a vast difference between losing some tweets and gmail losing emails or gdocs losing documents. Sure have a bit of a moan: but you can only really viably complain if what is lost has significant value (a point the blog writer makes whe nhe talks about grannies vs. companies losing email). dont get me wrong: im not defending Twitter (it bugs the crap out of me sometime). I just heartily dislike whiners (having experienced being whined at over a service). Fine it doesnt work, fine it's a problem: but if you've raised it with me dont remind me every 10s and dont posts a million blog posts lambasting me for not fixing it instantly. If it's not fixed next week tell me again, if it's still broken in a month THEN have a moan. But if you whine the second it breaks I wont bother fixing it till you ask nicely :) seconded: Im sure there is LOADS of great stuff on there. But I just cant face finding it :) Why? I never look at other people's karma anyway. Really it's a silly concept because it can only, really, go UP (except in odd cases) and there is no easy way to judge 2 people next to each other (because they will have joined at different times and commented in different places). And besides 68 Karma does not make you (for me at least) any less "important" than those with thousands of Karma... (of course, this topic does put me off slightly) Forget the Karma - get involved in the sub-culture and you will gain respect. Wolfram wont take off unless: - it nails every common query every time in a useful way (i.e. stuff people want like: where can I see X film in Y city?) - it expands beyond the scientific borders. So far it appears only statistical queries and some science stuff works really well . I know they say pop stuff is "coming soon" but I dont buy it. The task is too big to organise that kind of data in the way they seem to be doing. Basically I think Wolfram has ignored the process which has got Google to the top. Google apprach search from the "index and link everything and then analyse words to find good matches". Frequently it is wrong, but often that can eb overcome by adding or tweaking the wording once or twice. Wolfram is going to analyse your questions - which is fine but suggests that if you dont get the right data small tweaks to your wording are simply going to result in the same data. They are also trying to provide a nice page of data on all sorts of topics. Which is nice (and for advanced statistics it appears to beat anything else on offer) BUT Wikipedia has huge archives of data which can be recovered just as easily. Wolfram perhaps covers the complex data relationships base fairly well (though this article suggests far from perfectly) but for basic data (which one assumes is it's main target) it is probably pointless... AKA I think there is a lot of Hype. But no delivery. Someone posted a thread the other day about good ways to store threaded discussions. Store it like: 1 1.1 1.1.1 1.2 2 2.1 2.2 etc. And load it in one database query ( id > x AND id EDIT: I would handle deleted like you suggest. very clever! It actually took me a couple of minutes to figure it out :D Some good advice there. I went through university (in the UK) with only a medium amount of effort (I failed and had to do resit exams for 2 years) and scraped out a 2:1. But because I had spent time playing around in areas that interested me (aka security) finding a job afterwards was not difficult - I had character and a feel for the job, my mediocre degree wasnt really a factor. A coursemate who spent a LOT of time working (and not socialising) got himself a top grade 1st and is still (a year later) struggling to find work. a VERY strong NO. Most college/university level courses teach the wrong languages in the worst kind of ways. CS Majors who did not self-tutoring outside of classes are really only suitable for management roles. I think doing a subject (maths, engineering, physics) that shows a ranging ability in a tough area is much more important. It's easy to prove you can program (with examples and simple tests) but proving ability via a CS course is next to useless. how can he suggest engineering and artistry are mutually exclusive..... some of the most beautiful code is engineered. Depends on what the other candidate had done. If they were identical in every way potentially I would take the CS candidate. But that is a straw man argument ;) With a group of newly graduated candidates (and we have been hiring programmers recently so this is from experience), assuming "newly graduated" means they have a degree of some sort , the CS majors tend to be, in my experience, the weakest real world programmers. Engineers and physicists are the best. KohanaPHP hands down. They took codeigniter and pared it down to the bare essentials then rebuilt it from scratch. It's easy to use, has a wealth of libraries (though not too many to confuse the issue) to build stuff with and is extremely fast. As an example of how well it is written I recently built an entire hotel/restaurant booking system (inc. room monitoring & payment gateway) in around 350 lines (not including any HTML). indeed. One of the saddest things ever is that Douglas Adams never got to play with Twitter. To paraphrase SF on that very subject: it would have been New Stuff. And New Stuff + DA + SF would have been amazing :( Regarding your last point I suffer from that too. Well I say suffer: it comes from experience. In the past I used to change minds mid-argument - which just caused confusion and I ended up looking like a complete train wreck. Your right: argue your position hard but dont be scared to change it after the fact (after weighing the evidence). It's the classic Gut (instant feeling) vs. Head (rationale decision) theory. Agreed. Take Facebook; one of the biggest sites in the world, is changing not so subtly to emulate Twitter. Put it in your terms and conditions / terms of use. A lot of places will do that. Also, most companies have no problem with logo usage - that said sending them a quick email cant hurt... rubbish. Apple had style and a slick user interface. AND they used massively restrictive technology until very recently. Sony made many many errors in the digital market game. Say what you want about Apple they nailed the digital music player market with bullet-like precision. forget the functionality - I mean purely design. They have borrowed a lot of base-level design layout from Twitter. Im not convinced that would have helped. A group like you suggest does loosely exist anyway without Sony, and it fails in a similar way - it is lacking is a cheap, sexy content delivery system & an "integrated experience". Apple has a system from the music distribution right down to the playback device. It's an exercise in consumer manipulation. Open formats wouldn't have fixed that problem. Look at the other digital music player makers: they suffered the exact same problems. IF Sony had pitched and sold an economic model and open format that worked from the distribution side right down to the player then maybe it would have worked. But they would never have sold that to the media companies and music rights holders. Apple got the mass content it did by using the proprietary format to make the rights holders feel safe. NOW such an open model would work (and Apple are heading that way, right) but Sony are too far behind now for it to be worth the investment. They messed up, IMO, by trying to compete full stop. Once the Ipod had market traction as an iconic piece of tech they had lost that battle. They should have focused on more niche markets (sports markets for example, or REALLY high end devices etc etc). EDIT: what you suggest in terms of the PC style eco system potentially might occur. But I highly doubt it for 2 reasons. Firstly because the Ipod has got so much more market traction that Macs ever did. They are the height of cool and always leading the way. Even the awesome might of Google is struggling to beat the Iphone into submission even though it is a technically superior more hackable infrastructure. Secondly because the market isn't as extensive as the PC one. rationale is what I meant. "rationale based decisions" would be a better way of putting it (there is an important distinction between that and a "rational decision") Theoretical question (loosely related) if it is ethical to remove adverts from "free" websites is it ethical for those websites to ban ABP users from the site? How far does that argument go? (I am not sure my position on it TBH, thought I would throw it out to you lot). And yet we went from the first powered flight to landing on the moon in 66 years. Its 106 yrs (nearly) now since the wright brothers first took to the air and barely 40 since Apollo 11 touched down. So I'd suggest that 100 years is an age to fix those problems in :) The issue is, I think, that we lost interest in the moon and stars. The space race was driven by politics and so we got there by sheer force. Then it all slackened off again. But I think the next generation will have grown up with enough modern Sci-Fi to think "I wonder if...." and hunger for the sky :) That's not a relative example though: looking at the original question the interviewer wanted to see how he would approach the problem of analysing and sorting the words. At the end of the day he petulantly (his words) stuck to a point that could have been made in a simple sentence (well, assuming we agree there is no way this could work in the real world because of the fluidity of language and the poor behaviour of web crwlers then I would.....). If the interviewer is looking for a discussion on that he will pick up and ask for more. If not he will let it pass (and probably note that your recognised the issue). In an interview you must dangle relevant information in front of the interviewer and wait for him to pounce on things he wants more information on :) Also: NEVER assume a concept the interviewer has "never heard" of IS something he/she has never heard of. That is a simple mistake to fall into. I'd disgree with his conclusions. If the blog is doing well & making money then a unique template might be worth a few hundred dollars. But it's the unique content that makes a blog truely monetized. Some of my favourite blogs use free (or even default) templates with simply a custom banner to identify it. And they do a lot better than some flashy customised blogs.... No template is worth $1000.... he fell into every trap laid out for him... (all of them classic interview traps). That would at the very least worry me... But it depends on the job :) - chasing an irrelevant point (the interviewer specifically wanted to move on. NEVER stop that, that is the one single that can cost you a job). - assuming importance (his tone suggests he thinks he knew more than the interviewer. I imagine that might have come across in the interview) - assuming ingorance (if it seems amazing the interviewer is clueless on something then it probably isnt true. Adjust appropriately.) - chasing the wrong issue (if an interviewer needs to draw an answer out - even in a fluid way like that - it will be a black mark on your notes) - assuming irrelevance (his opening remarks suggest he though the question was not relevant to the interview he was having, which suggests he possibly did not treat it with the same gravity. Everything is relevant - the more off the wall the question the more important your answer is). There are more but those were the key points I picked up: not being there and only having his side of that short portion I cant say 100% he fell into every one. But it definitely looks that way :) This is based on similar traps I set up for our interviewee's. Agreed! The way I always viewed it is removing any of the groups is all but vindicating them: it is tantamount to saying their views might actually have some traction in the world... Leave them to it: especially as it means wer can see who holds such opinions and ignore them :) not at all: but flagging a point to death when I already made clear what you said registered with me is an instant turn off. His blog post seems to suggest he barely spent much thought on the solution to the actual problem (which we cant deny is important). The data-set is not real world, that is obvious to everyone, but the solution IS. Real world examples dont work because, as this post points out very well, there are just too many variables and factors to allow anyone to produce a viable solution in the space of an interview. The problem IS real world though: I can think of several situations in our own company where a programmer would have to manipulate a set of data, find common occurences and order them. Of course each specific problem is complicated by the data and the data source but the fundamental problem stays the same: and so the question IS valid. The input data doesnt matter (though briefly recognising it is flawed instils confidence). In terms of your other point about how people write code.. im not 100% sure I agree. As an engineer I break a problem down into I/O machines. Where the input comes from is immaterial so long as it is in a form that is usable. The important consideration is engineering the output. Your right: he did see the problem with the suggested data set and that is the kind of thing that saves companies money. BUT he hammered that like it was the only issue and (by his own admission) barely considered the actual practical engineering problem. To me that would tell me he is a fairly ok programmer and is bright enough to spot problems - but he is no engineer and I wouldnt hire him :) (that said it is only a small subset of the interview and based on other stuff I have read from the guy I suspect I would find him suitable to hire: he just screwed up the one question) Careful. There is an inherent difference between "hate speech" and "holocaust denial". Suggesting all holocaust deniers are anti-semitic and want jews dead is as bad if not worse stereotyping..... (indeed I would classify it as worse: many Holocaust deniers are simply delusional and historically uneducated, or brainwashed. Branding them anti-semitic and hateful is a considered opinion in the face of reasonable evidence. And, well, hateful.....) I fear there is just no reasonable way you can protect such people from, eventually, being brainwashed or deluded by someone in some way (mostly it's religions that do it). Im not saying that is an excuse not to ban the groups: but as a reason FOR banning the groups it is ignoring the elephant in the room :) Yay abuse.... you should see some of my other writing: dyslexia really takes it's toll when you cant see the difference between "many men" and "man ymen" (a mistake I made last night) even when you read it back. It makes teeny tiny grammar errors like that immaterial ;) Take your abuse elsewhere: I am happy to debate my points but at least bring something constructive. Well.. perhaps "trap" is the wrong word. Or rather "designed trap" is the wrong concept. But when answering a question there are, surely, natural traps an interviewee inevitably has to avoid. And not doing so is a potential black mark the interviewer has to watch out for. That said your argument is fair - and I'd probably agree. But I di think laying intellectual traps can be appropriate. It really depends on your candidate and the interview: if you go into an interview (either as the interviewer or the interviewee) with any form of fixed agenda then, yes, things are going ot be fake and plastic (90% of the interviews I went to were like that). You adapt to the situation: if you candidate is showing intellect and sharpness you test that and start a sort of push-pull intellectual "battle of wills". If he detects that and doesnt like it he is not the candidate for me - I would hope he detects it, calls us on it and avoids the "traps". THAT is a good candidate, for me at least :) Im not sure though: the problem was as broken down as you can pretty much get. The dataset could have been anything - the problem was to order the top 10,000 words. The input data was, at the end of the day immaterial. It is a problem to be solved in another engineering "block" (im not suggesting, in case that was the miscommunication, that is shouldnt be solved). The last 2 paragraphs of your reply I would agree with :) merci :) Thanks - not abusive at all :). Actually firefox for some obscure reason wont spell check me any more - possibly I am tbeing lazy not fixing it. I long ago developed some default checks on my writing to make sure spelling made sense (it only really breaks down now when im tired). But to the point of this reply: can you recommend a grammar checker for FireFox? Embarrasingly I cant find one on the addons site :( Im not demanding anything. What I am saying is that resorting to attacking that (which has very little relevance to the discussion at hand) isn't going to win you the round. ;) To defend my statement: I explained how I, as an engineer, break a problem down. Pretty much every other engineer I know uses much the same approach (and when I hire I look for the same skill because it fits into our team) - but it's, of course, not the only way. Each to his own. Seriously: if your going to call out my english at least read and understand what is written ;) Nit picking over language isn't making a point for you: it'simply suggesting you dont have a decent counter argument. Someone else posted a convincing one - you should give it a read :) Your a "newish" commentor so I guess you havent learned the culture here :) I made the same mistake once. It's cool no harm done. Good arguments (apart from the insults: conversely I wouldnt employ you because you dont appear to see any subtlety in all of this). Look, I wasnt trying to say the interviewer is superior to the interviewee. Definitely not. But I am saying dont treat them like "ignorant douchebags" and dont assume you know more than them. Potentially you do - but assuming that is the case is a fallacy because you probably end up coming across wrong.. your assuming I wouldnt spell check a 5K essay and therefore would dail such a test... ;) EDIT: as I mentioned elsewhere people do do things in other ways (though you seem to be suggesting my approach might not take a problem seriously??) and there ain't anything wrong with that. At no point did I say there was :) Nah your actually really poor at this... but i will humour it :) Wait no i cant be bothered: you've given up the charade so will I. I know your trolling, it's amusing to feed trolls because (especially round here) it outs them from what they are for very little burn. The issue is though that Wolfram is not going to provide the mudane sort of data that people want in the instant way Google are going to claim to do it. Search camera on Wolfram and I expect you get lost of data on the history of camera's and other such stuff. Google seem to be offering to provide a list of camera models with some pertinent data for each... I suspect the latter will be more "useful" (especially as Wikipedia would probably be fairly reliable for the camera background...) I think your point is valid: a curated database will be the #1 source for info on camera history and facts. Unfortunately that means Wolfram is competing with Wikipedia not Google... and that is probably even worse for them :( Firstly I doubt wolfram would sell (but maybe license). Secondly Google are already facing grumblings about being a monopoly - acquiring or licensing Wolfram could backfire. And thirdly there is probably no need: Wolfram dont bring anything much to the mix (as far as I can tell) except a stack of "expert" curators - which could be hired easy enough :) I cant help thinking "cool idea, awful name". Seriously: it has connotations of throwing up on the page (which I guess is what it lets you do, but isnt exactly the nicest metaphor :)) I also cant help thinking that it might well result in "too many users". Forums stay manageable (in terms of the amount of data you have to assimilate / the number of "posts") because the user base is fairly small. Imagine a forum with a million users - and with a fairly small semi-fixed number of threads (static web pages Im thinking here more than blogs etc. where it could work well). The noise is going to be epic and the potential of trolling insane... It isnt clear how they plan to handle that. Perhaps that is not a case of worrying about WA: but using clever tactics to get their new products into media focus. It matters not whether the "New Stuff" from Google is a competitor or reaction to Wolfram or completely unrelated. What matters is the media thinks it is competition and generates all this Google vs. Wolfram media hype :) Wolfram get some sympathy as the underdogs but ultimately it just pushes Google brand (they still just hold the public opinion of not being evil: so if you see a Google vs X discussion you imagine it is Good vs. Good battle and that both products are OK). It's a tactic Google have always used - often to superb effect :) Specify the parameters of your requirements ;) aka touche. Big fail going with Justin.tv. A lot of us refuse to use it because they still insist on spammy popups :( A coup for justin.tv though. one thing that strikes me how can it logically say "the gdp of france / italy" should be interpreted as "the gdp of france divided by the gdp of Italy" that makes no sense to me.... clearly the context suggests that I want to know the GDP of both countries side by side. Actually im underwhelmed by it :( which is sad. how many non-mathematicl non techy people (who realistically might want data like this, say, for a school report) would use vs. rather than /. it's just not natural english. I understand your point: and I would have figured it out. But this is marketed as an everydfay search engine - which it's not, it's an advanced search for an encyclopedia :) Whenever I visit justin.tv I get a "blocking a popup from justin.tv" notice on FF bar. At work w/o the popup blocker it opens a poker popup. I seem to recall it is just some pages though - I will dig out a screeny. EDIT: voila: http://screencast.com/t/rP72HQ0UG my main point is that it is the "understanding" idea that WA is being presented as (either by Wolfram or the media I dont know). It obviously isnt: so people will get confused... I picked Gmail (backup email = worth it) and Last.fm (useful - im considering a Spotify subscription). Other stuff: Chatterous (the second most useful tool in my arsenal) Jing (you can actually pay for this :D) Posterous: no because hosting my own blog is about the same and gives me more control (i.e. I can have a personal front page etc.). FriendFeed, Facebook, Twitter: no because for me they have little actual value. They connect me with interesting people but I could live without it :D The difference is that if you publish a playlist your not a radio station and so have to pay big royalties. is the content that valuable and irreplacable to you? I'd argue that HN is a prime candidate for spawning equally good alternatives were it (hypothetically) pay for. @errantx Ive yet to make strong connections with Twitter. Or rather I have made connections and thern taken them to other media. Why? frankly. My work environment is very relaxed and i often work from home (as the office is closed).. there is no particular benefit and I tend to get less done... Most people I know prefer to work in the office.. Perhaps a BETTER idea is to try and improve office conditions.... r.e. your second query. "Inflation USD" produces the same issue, so it seems it cant handle the idea of inflation :P (indeed it seems not to understand USD as $'s, I had to use "dollars" to get info on the currency) EDIT: scratch that last bit :) I had a typo ;) Quantum theory As the database is hand curated it is highly unlikely an AI response. just simply the programmed response. I'll second the thanks - I've book marked this to add to our training regimes, some great tips. Some thoughts to add though (based on ROG's condesing). Whilst I agree with "9 Write a comprehensive specification" in slide 14 he says "Development can be planned up front". By that I assume he means planning the process by which the specification is executed: or mapping how to build the spac. That's always a point I specifically avoid doing, at least till things are underway. One of the best things (possibly the only useful thing...) I was taught at school was that a specification is about what you want to achieve NOT how you plan to do it. Purely because if you plan out in too much detail how to execute a problem then you risk locking into an inelegant solution. 2 things I particularly like are the comments about "logged in logged out" (slide 32 onwards). One of the issues I often run into (and MUST learn to avoid) is beginning a design and framework in a logged out state and never consider the logged in state till I come to add it later. I often find this is much more of a problem with code than it is with visible design. Secondly "DONT reinvent the wheel" is the #1 bit of advice ever. Literally. :) link w/o the splash advert: http://www.fastcompany.com/node/1282717/print Anyway, I think this has been well hammered home by now - excpet the media are still plugging at the theme (as I keep saying I'm convinced that is Google's doing and very clever of them too :)) One thing that has occured to me is that we were wrong to compare it to Wikipedia too (which I spent weeks doing... :( oops). WA is certainly not in any state to compete with WP either, yet; when you consider the wealth of information available on WP. WA is really an academic and research tool: they have got some good hype from the "vs Google" and "vs Wikipedia" media coverage but I suspect that it will die off and wont last 6 months. It will have it's uses (if I were a student/academic/journalist etc. I imagine it would become as useful as Google and WP to me!) but.. well.. that's it... And how do they monetize it? The thing is that where Live search is crap (really awful) Google gives good, solid, results. It's hard to justify calling them a monopoly based on the market share when compared to lesser services....(not that I am disagreeing they could be a monopoly) That market share comes from a combination of amazing brand value and from them, generally, being nice to users and giving us what we want... again I think it is hard to penalise a company for doing things right. Having said that I think their acquisitions should be curbed somewhat. There is NO way his "contacts" are worth 50% of a startup. As already pointed out there are plenty of investors about that you can meet w/o already signing away half your future revenue! He needs to offer more than that to be worth that much :) I think one of the major problems is that it's hard to use. I struggle to find songs or artists on there - and it seems like there is no easy way to browse about and find suggestions etc. They could lear a lot from Last.fm's way of doing all that. Plus the "radio" stations are useless - set it to metal and you get 90's punk...... So, I'd say their main problem is a poor product :) (Not to get off topic but...) I do find it amusing that there is SUCH an outcry over phorm (again, not passign judgement either way, just observing) and yet when companies do something like this hardly anyone is bothered or notices... I havent heard an actual advert for weeks. Currently it is just " from Spotify" telling us how cool it is. (Hey, guys. Downvoting a genuine question is a bit cruel!) They can use a proxy or similar so "traffic" goes through a server in the UK first. ok not poor (your right that was unfair). I think "clunky" is better then. Your correct I cant fault the actual music playback. Heh, I did the same with my usual avatar with similar results. They've been about for a while - it is impressively useful & they need more funds for sure. Fair comments. For fun I typed the first query they mention into google... And look what it found: http://screencast.com/t/8Z66EsDoz Sneaky! So is google going to be the new way to search WA? ;) Ummm, this might be just me but I don't see any actual reason for sessions being bad? Of course anything that you dont need a stateful connection for you wouldn't use a session (that is a surely logical). But there are other things that DO need a stateful session to work so.... yeh I think that was what I got from it too: but I just didnt see any valid connection to the argument of removing all sessions because they were inherently bad :D The last part of that I sometimes ignore: I find it polite to explain why I flagged something because the submitter might not figure why it got trashed :) (and if nothing else that stops a later "Why?" thread). (and for the record I flagged this too for other reasons) EDIT: I suspect apu flagged it for being "lame" because it was a self-submission. but it proves it can have an effect. Certainly it was not the single reason that app (or any other) did so well - but it shows that people will buy something if they can try for free :) despite that fact they have gone "lock in" on all their portable products so far with massive success.... ;) 2 things strike me. The first is good one Craigslist: pre-emptive action is always the best move and I bet this crushes the guy! :D The other is McMaster should sue TechCrunch for an image calling him a jerk - that's defamation :P yeh sorry I misphrased: I was thinking the fact it was a self submission too tipped the balance to flag it (it did for me: I was kinda assuming by extension - my bad) One thing I dont recommend you try is turning to a girl in a bar and going "jesus these prices are insane!" without realising she's a hardline christian who hates people using jesus as a "curse" word. Still "with" her 3 years later. And we still row when I forget and say jesus :P Controversy tends to work quite well because it gets someones attention then they conciously consider talking to you - casual talk or passing chat doesnt really engage anyone and they will pass you over w/o a thought (that is the awkward pause). Dont say anything hurtful or rude obviously, just outrageous (preferably relating to an inanimate "thing" and definitely no one in the room in case you pick a friend) Once you have someones attention you can have a real conversation (like pookleblinky suggested elsewhere). "Hi my name is...", "whats yours", "Whats do you do" is fine for small talk. As pookle also mentioned it lets you establish a non-threatening relationship... then pick a good topic to discuss, that can be hard but let it come naturally. I think your real problem is that your thinking about it too much (I used to do the same). Just care less about what they might be thinking of you and talk as if you've known them for years. If they dont like you then being careful and considerate etc. wont help much anyway - their loss. an eye opener for me was when I happened to be hanging near this guy I hated but was in my group of friends. He was, really, an idiotic person (why I disliked him) but always seemed to be surrounded by women! Of course you'd figure he has his patter down too a tee and knows just what to say: but not at all - he was just loud and thick (partly put on, partly genuine) and controversial... people loved it in the short term but they wouldnt hang for more than 20mins or so (unless they wanted a bit of him). I cant even remember what he was saying (mostly along the lines of "what do you do" closely followed by "can I feel your tits" or something...) there is a distinction about drawing a valid conclusion and "abuse". If you can back up the claim of jerk then fair enough but if not, it's defamation - and the writer doesnt do so. Also as it is a prominent picture obviously deliberately doctored for this purpose Im sure it wouldnt go well for TC :P EDIT: personally dont care either way, I suspect they are right ;) but it struck me as amusing in the context of the article. First off I am not a fan of TC at all - I actually do read some of the articles but only through 3rd linkage. That said I think CHOICE is a good thing. For example I filter CodingHorror and TechCrunch (and a few others - Seth Godin is the only major one that springs to mind) for a variety of reasons. I chose not to view them. But some people do like to read them (even if it is just for a laugh ;)). If you want to ban them there is a Userscript to filter them, if not, then dont :D I personally have lost all respect for TC recently: poor reporting, poor sourcing, extreme attention grabbing headline, petty squabbling and generally insulting pointless stuff :P But that is just my opinion, others might find it relevant! Were hackers not censors. flagging doesn't guarantee removal though does it? Flagging an article IS a way to note you think it is wrong, or malicious etc. BUT it is a private thing.. there is no indication how many others agreed etc. Perhaps adding the # of flags might be an option (or some indication) late reply but I feel this partially identifies your "problem". natural response > programmed response :) I only check the front page once when I wake up in the morning (just to catch anything interesting overnight) I always look for a FAQ whenI visit a site that is not instantly obvious. Your right fixing issues that make a FAQ a necessity are important but you can never make it obvious for every single person. If you can describe whats going on in a few simple paragraphs then Often, too, I benchmark a site by the FAQ - if there are some similar sites I intend to use and one specifically has a well written FAQ that could tip the balance. It shows care for your users and that you understand that at some point something wont make sense to someone :) I have to be truthful (because you asked): your whole site is missing the "obvious". I admit when you first linked to it I was a little confused about what was suppsed to happen (it did come to me quite fast but was still counter-intuitive). On the front page you have one sentence to describe what it's about "Real time collaborative shopping with friends". That's a great tagline but you dont explain it any more than that. I know there is more below but there isnt a simple "dumbed down" pararaph saying "you can browse amazon seeing the same page as your friends, caht and discuss your choices". Also it occurs to me that your experts thing is the "value" behind the service: if I had a friend who was ace at cooking and were looking for a cook book then obviously I would collaborate with him. But chances are I dont and so your experts are what would sell the idea to me! On the main page you dont really explain that option. Same applies to the FAQ place: 2 paragraphs of what you are, what it entails and stuff about the experts set at the top of the page would be perfect for anyone a little lost from the start. Basically: awesome idea, just needs a bit of user interface tweaking :D Incidentally as a general point the "you can copy this URL to your friends" message whe you start to browse stays on my screen for about 1-2secs. Not easy to read what it says: as that is the main method of collaboration (and that is the only place that explains it) I dunno if you want to make it stay a bit longer :) EDIT: ignore that, I see on my other rig that it DOES stay longer the first time. My bad :) honestly (and not wanting to get into argument here). Learn your history and have some damned respect for the hundreds of thousands that died on all sides in the early 1900's. disgusting. thereg are such linkbaiters and ragers :P but the annoying (or good I suppose) thing is that they actually have good points to make inside all of the irony. The argie thing was an unbelievable conflict. My dad was in the RAF and a small part of the Black Bucks missions ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falklands_War#Black_Buck_raids ). That alone has to be one of the greatest modern military achievments :D Knowing how we waged a war unsupported the other side of the world always brings a lump to my throat (despite the horrible loss for all concerned) C++ If she has a sharp mind she will pick it up easy enough and that is where she wants to be with the ultimate aim. Alternatively Java might be an option: purely if she fancies looking at distributed apps. I hate Java like crazy but it has some good background in distributed computing. Option b - and email the author too. It's your "discovery" so you can do what you like with it :) this suggests the security flaw is with your site code not the hosting provider :) What tech/code does your site run on? The other issue is that some people (like ME :D) love real books. The Library is like a dark, exciting, unexplored jungle of literature that I want to discover. That's not an inconvenience - that is a delight! It is what libraries do best. E-books are great too obviously - but I can get them online. E-books are easy (as you say) putting them in libraries makes it less easy so there's little point IMO. Also you talk about limiting E-books by how many "copies" can be taken out. That seems silly IMO because that is the model a library uses due the limitation of physical copies. Why bother with that limitation with E-books. If you cant get it at the library then there are probably 101 other places to download it! The other major issue you face is what do you "stock" in the library. Only those books with physical copies? and if not what is the criteria for inclusion? I just dont see how it would work out :P HN peeps are just the right people to tear this idea apart - go for it, will be interesting to see the thoughts. Good, but... Essentially he closes by saying "Well chances are most of you will end up self centered layabouts, but I hope that just maybe it wont work out like that. Even though it probably will. Sorry" Perhaps not fully inspirational :) big risk, big potential returns. Kudos to them if they can do it - & I hope they do! no, statistics doesnt work like that (sadly). I just wrote a reply to a comment in this thread - then decided not to post. I'd say I write as many non-comments as ones I post. :) (someone else talks about flawed arguments: I have the same thing, often what Gut spews out in response to a comment sounds like total BS to head when you read it back properly :)) And yes, like others, I do the furious edit thing too :D > I often submit what I think is a great article and it dies on the "new" page without any votes. I made a few self submissions of things I thought were great, interesting concepts and which garnered no interest at all. Those interest me more than a strong debate TBH, there was plenty of click through but no real interest in my thoughts. It's a non-starter. These things are good to know! HN taught me a lot about how hard you have to work to have a respected opinion. Which is good :) and I bet productivity plummeted :P Top Tip - stimulants like that (and I include coffee there) dont work twell at all: try orange juice instead, it will work much better and for longer. Follow it up with plenty of water (even minor dehydration makes you tired). One glass of OJ every half hr plus lots of water will keep you awake longer than a can of Red Bull etc. :) he says it didnt really add to the development time though.. which suggests soldering would have made little difference for him :) 2 big points im not sure he addressed. - TC originally explicitly accused Last of handing over the data. Which everyone agrees now didnt happen. So probably Last's original "TC are full of shit" response could be considered partially fair? - This "source" has just disappeared? That's interesting... not wanting to sound like I am accusing TC but it's more than a tad suspicious. Has someome been leading them along? Sounds a bit like it to me! Otherwise good article :D Such data is VERY new and so the chances of WA having it are low (the latest data I have seen is 08) Dont forget WA isnt really into "popular" data - searching for stuff relevant to whats happening "now" wont find you anything productive. It's a computational engine and statistical data engine. Also dont forget they only have 1000 data entry "experts".Only a teeny tiny percentage of useful data has been hand picked for inclusion yet. Plus the responses are mostly fairly strongly hardcoded and the AI is very bad at recognising your questions unless it is a very mathematical term (basically it appears to try to apply math to the phrase, and then falls back to hard coded, keyword based searches). Dont forget many ISP's HATE torrenting and P2P. I ran a small ISP in our village a year or so back before BT got of their bums and 90% of the BW was used by 5% of the users - through torrenting. It really hammers a network. If you employed this technology & it took off I suspect you would be faced with very angry ISP's who may well ban access from their networks. Plus of course it eats right into the users BW - they theoretically will upload more than they download and with limited BW allowances people could easily start gettign traffic shaped without even knowing why! That said it's a neat solution to the BW problem.. something of a catch 22. nah, it really does :) think how much outbound data there is, it really fouls up the local part of the network. yes but generally you upload simultaneously to several people - that has a big impact (less so on BW but on load there). Plus if you have multiple prior downloads (obviously not so applicable here) then it starts ro add up if your seeding them. Ask any ISP :) P2P sucks for them. NDA's are the bane of my life! My boss is paranoid about people stealing our ideas - pretty much any vistor to the office has to sign a ream of documents (not literally but it feels like it :)) just to get in the door. And imagine what out-sourcing work to a contractor takes (my new solution is to in-house and hire new people, mostly top piss the boss off :)). So, yes, OpenNDA is a great idea. But as already pointed out the whole point is to obfusticate and delay access to the information. It's like a polite way to say to someone yes we would like to work with you, but please wait two weeks whilst we ask round & check you out to make sure your kosher . Tying them up in paperwork for the same period is, apparently, more polite.... one of my first thoughts whebn I first saw Wave was that Facebook would definitely be squirming slightly.... i bet they are having development meetings right now :D Define cheating. I fobbed off most of my Physics A-Level (the highest qualification UK schools give out) work and just read "A brief History of Time", "Turning tides: Physics in the new age" and another book I cant remember the name of and aced it. Obviously I got accused of cheating - and it could well be argued I had an advantage over my classmates (who struggled with an inadequate text book!). The definition is subjective: but, writing answers on your cuffs helps no one :) Great unmaintained code is better than a well maintained codebase that features a set of fatal flaws :) These things are relative Zeds way (look in the lamson source: it is in lamson.args and well documented) gives you a bi more freedom. So it passes out any options it finds by default and lets you decide what to do with it - you only have to call a function if you want to set a default. It lets you run args.parse_and_run_command to directly run a function and pass it the cmdline options as a dict. It's all very handy and is totally compatible with previous cmdline structures! I think it's a neat option & hopefully someone will convince Guido to have it in Python core in the future :) (doubt it though) Grab the lamson source and dig it out to get a better idea. of course there is... great code that doesnt get refactored. Kick aside corporate jargon and namby-pamby ness :) The point was sometimes stuff just works, much better than a mess of a refactored project that has a core flaw. No. You should never write your own license - the same applies here. You will get it wrong (simply by not being a lawyer :)) and it wont cover what it is supposed to. Get a proper ToS drafted and then do what Creative Commons does with their licenses: do a page with just a few lines detailing in plain terms what it means (REALLY simple, what you wrote is far too complicated - the main off put for a ToS document is the wall of text) with a link to the actual legal document. where are you going to find 10,000 stellar people willing to work in this way? anyone willing to work for no collateral at insane risk either know what their doing and wont be working on this risk, or are probably not really that stellar ;) I have my name on it - but my phone # and address are protected for various mundane legal reasons. So I get to omit them from commercial sites too (well, holding addresses etc. get used). EDIT: I actually like the idea that people put their real details on the DNS. Were it not for my job I would list it - but it's a bit too risky. It has been hot as hell in the UK today :) EDIT: heh, lastFM tweeted this May 20th "The server with the longest uptime at Last.fm: 1244 days (3.4 years!) Can anyone beat that? http://bit.ly/I3M7B hehe Excellent stuff TBH, it does the job in a nice speedy way. 2 Issues. - the name is awful. really bad. I can "get" the inspiration ("bing and your search is done") but it clearly was a guy in a suit who likes to wave his hands about and yell WICKED alot who came up with it. Baaaaad. :) - the layout is a bit clunky. Huge graphic on the main page seems to serve no purpose. Will they be rotating that? ON the search results page the list is offset from the left. That feels wrong (might just be due to google habit) and hard to scan. Also the results column could be wider. Other than that - seems usable! I get exactly the same. As an addendum I also like how it triggers on the news keyword and includes a snippet of the latest news results above the main search results. Very handy. huh? what? the flaws in XYZ piece of code. (I think your misunderstanding: I was replying to the generalisation with a generalisation)