I'm not quite sure why there's this hard line drawn. Surely Android, for example, falls somewhere in between, with sandboxed apps and all the rest, but not quite the same draconian closed-ness? Hasn't the DoD worked more the other way around--- cost-plus contracts with unlimited overruns reimbursed, for building new technologies that private companies can compete to increase the costs of? Defense contracting is a pretty notorious money pit. Why is cost-plus contracting less expensive than the government doing it in-house, except in the cases where it's a very rare one-off thing that's not worth developing in-house expertise for? If the government is bearing all risk, and the only oversight is government oversight (no market discipline), there's no real advantages to the private sector. Hmm, doesn't seem to be able to insert anything into the typical X11 middle-click-paste mechanism. It does insert the URL if I use Gnome's ctrl+c/ctrl+v, but I never use that. The general concept's ancient, e.g. http://www.changedetection.com/ has been up since 1999. Merging it with CSS selectors seems newer, but it's hard to keep anyone who has a CSS-selector library from duplicating that functionality. FWIW, this appears to have originally been published in Displays 17(2): 100-110 [1997], though the technology has barely changed (in particular, the no-glasses 3d technologies that the article discusses as still in development, are still in development today). I don't see it as a bits-specific question. It's more: will we ever run out of services people will pay for? Probably not. On the other hand, whole swathes of service classes can be obsoleted. It's quite possible that in 20 years making a website and letting it run mostly on autopilot will not be a way to make money (though I can't predict that confidently). Also, I never agreed to the current allocation of land titles, so I see no reason to respect property rights. I can't really agree with the apparent conclusion that the agency model is a good thing. It's more or less a revival of retail price mandates, where the manufacturer dictates to retailers exactly what they must sell a product for, instead of selling it wholesale and letting the retailer set its own prices. That sort of manufacturer-set price model is popular in Europe but generally not permitted in the US, because it's rather anticompetitive: it effectively prohibits retailers from competing with each other on price, because they have no control over prices. Europe likes that, because it keeps companies like Amazon and Wal-Mart from undercutting the local bookstore, if it's illegal to sell books under list price; but I'm not sure it's good for consumers or, more generally, efficient markets. One problem is that in the most lucrative market, enterprise data storage, the woefully out of date benchmarks that are industry standard mainly promote raw throughput on absurdly large working sets, which makes caching of minimal benefit. Besides inertia, there are some established players who have a lot riding on that not changing, also. Details in this kvetch from Sun engineer Bryan Cantrill (Sun's ZFS-based storage servers do pretty much exactly what you propose, but lose out to NetApp in the SPEC benchmarks): http://blogs.sun.com/bmc/entry/eulogy_for_a_benchmark One of the comments on the post (by Mathnerd314) says that Icon implements its comparison operators that way (if the comparison succeeds, it returns the 2nd argument). How would they notice? And aren't we mostly talking about sites that don't have accounts to begin with? I'm not sure the statistics show it's quite that busted. 140,000 apps vs. 25,000 apps is sort of what you'd expect given the time advantage the iPhone had. The iPhone native app SDK was released in July 2008, to a built-in market of millions of iPhones already out there. The Android SDK was released in September 2008 (beta in August 2008), to a much smaller market of shipped devices. It wasn't until mid-2009 that Android as a platform became a serious iPhone competitor and started attracting app developers. Since then I think it's been holding its own reasonably well: I think if you looked at new apps shipped in the past 6 months, the gap would be much smaller. Worded that way, I'd have to say no. But clearly the subtext is Citizens United , which I think is a lot trickier. A lot of important 20th-century free-speech precedents depend on applying the First Amendment to corporations--- corporations like record labels, newspaper/magazine/book publishers, film production and distribution companies, even adult film theatres. It's possible that a narrow First-Amendment exception can be carved out for direct electioneering on the part of corporations, but I think the proposal that the First Amendment doesn't apply to corporations at all is a cure much worse than the disease. Are you arguing that the First Amendment doesn't apply to corporations at all then? So was the Pentagon Papers case, which ruled that the New York Times Company had a First-Amendment right to publish the Pentagon Papers free from government censorship, wrong? Maybe some individual author had the right to publish them, but the New York Times Company didn't? What about the free-speech precedents involving corporations like adult-film producers? That's not my understanding of the relevant precedents--- the Supreme Court has never interpreted the "freedom of the press" to refer to a specially protected class of reporters or news companies, or limited it to reporting the news. It has been held to protect the First Amendment rights of not only news corporations like the New York Times, but also companies that produce pornographic films and magazines, for example (one of the important precedents on the First Amendment's protection of parody involves an issue of Hustler ). It seems to have been read much more broadly to mean, roughly, "the freedom to publish things, like books, newspapers, and films". For example, films like Hillary: The Movie , which was the thing at issue in Citizens United . I think there's probably some way the other outcome could've been reached, but it would be trickier than I think a lot of people are arguing. It would have to be a narrow prohibition against direct electioneering by corporations, carved out as a First-Amendment exception due to the compelling government interest in free elections/etc. (similarly to how obscenity, libel, false advertising, and "false-light disclosure of private facts" are recognized exceptions). And then specific cases would have to be investigated to see which side of the line they fell on: for example, to determine whether Hillary: The Movie was a real movie, or pure electioneering disguised in a sham movie. I agree sorta, but only for the more tweaky visual design aspects, rather than interaction design. If anything, I see Google as actually less data-driven in its design than many areas. Industrial psychology and HCI are traditionally very big on data-driven design for interaction design, with a big focus on Methodologies, quantitative measurement of task performance improvement, and various other statistical evaluation metrics. But the main downside of that is that you can't really answer open-ended design questions: you can A/B test between two specific proposed interfaces, and determine A causes N% of users X quantity less hassle than B does (or whatever your metric is), but if you want to invent an entire new interface, you're basically doing a random walk in design space, which will take a really long time to get anywhere. I mean, imagine how many A/B questions you'd have to ask to invent the Gmail interface, using, say, the Hotmail interface as your starting point, and having to justify every change you make from that starting point using data. I suppose it depends on your norm, though--- Google is very data-driven by the web-design standard, but sort of loosey-goosey, anything-goes compared to the much more statistics-and-methodology-heavy design practices that go on in traditional engineering and HCI. Hmm, I was expecting a bit closer of a connection, but I suppose this'll do. A better "math is a socialist plot" argument, though, could focus on a 19th-century "scientific socialism" approach to optimizing society and the economy via central planning. One big annoyance: 10 years ago, when I searched for a snippet of song lyrics, I got a fan site for the band that accurately transcribed the lyrics. Now I get nothing but pages and pages of shady sites selling me ringtones, with inaccurate lyrics, even when I know there are fansites for the band with better lyrics. A guess is that this is the result of the reliance on domain names for ranking. The high-quality lyrics are distributed across millions of separate domain names, since fansites typically are dedicated to only one band. The low-quality, ring-tones-heavy lyrics sites, though, are centralized, with every band's lyrics on the same domain. The people I know who've left have left mainly due to the secrecy this article also talks about: they developed cool algorithms they wanted to publish research papers about, and weren't allowed to. I do this too, partly because when I have branches and revisions as actual directories and files, I can use the usual Unix tools on them, instead of having to use a parallel set of tools provided by the version control system. They might be less likely to post lots of other stuff too, though. Do you really want any potential future casual acquaintance, boss, or what have you, to have instant, easy access to a transcript of every conversation you've had? The biggest determining factor in my experience has been whether something has a community around it or not. Newspaper comment sections and YouTube video comments don't have a community--- they're drive-by comments by whoever shows up. Smaller forums, mailing lists, and IRC channels where everyone knows everyone else are sort of the best-case. As it scales up, it gets harder to keep quality high. As a bit of a followup: an even worse case (i.e. less likely to get a nice, fan-created lyrics page as one of the first-page hits) is when I know the name of the song and google for something like: joy division warsaw lyrics. Expected result is something like: http://www.joydiv.org/shadowplay/joyd/warsaw.html What I actually get are a bunch of sites with names like mp3lyrics, songlyrics, musicsonglyrics. It might be that the word "lyrics" in my query is boosting that sort of stuff to the top? From what I can tell, Google also penalizes old / rarely updated sites, which probably hurts these kinds of pages--- the page linked above was last updated in 2007, but it's still the best result for that query. They're relevant for site owners, sure, but flash ads aren't a very good argument for, "without flash, users won't get the full web user experience". Presumably nobody will refrain from buying an iPad because of flash ads not working on it. Maybe it's the circles I travel in, but I don't see the same git dominance you do vs. mercurial; I see them both really frequently. Among major projects I can think of off the top of my head, Python, Adium, OpenOffice, and Mozilla are all on mercurial. That makes "startup" sound like a kind of disreputable thing. What's wrong with building a sustainable business that you enjoy running, and continuing to run it, instead of looking for the quickest way to sell out? That was my editorializing, not read into yours, sorry. My view is that "startup" is a pretty broad category, that's mainly based on someone who has an idea they think is interesting or will be useful to someone (possibly a large group, or possibly a small group). There's a certain subset of those people who are mainly in it for the money: they want to get big and sell out quick. If those are the only kind who really count as startups, then I'd have to take a pretty negative view of startups... It's unfortunate that this has been legal since 2007. Between 1911 and 2007, a manufacturer could set whatever wholesale price they wanted, but was not allowed to attempt to control what retail prices others could resell it for. Now Macmillan-style agreements where the manufacturer can demand a contract that lets the manufacturer set the retail price are legal, thanks to: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leegin_Creative_Leather_Product... . The old rule seems more reasonable to me. If Macmillan or Murdoch or whoever wants to raise the wholesale prices they charge Amazon, that's perfectly fine; they should charge whatever they think their product is worth. But what price Amazon then chooses to turn around and retail it for seems like none of their business. And the speed of light isn't finite... If not designed very carefully, though, it can reduce the user's ability to view things as they like them. With the current status quo of mailservers not handling message threading and such, I can choose a client that handles it how I want. If the server is doing it, it had better either do it how I want it, or provide some way to customize what it's doing. (For example, I don't like gmail's flat "conversation" view; I much prefer a "threaded conversation" view, like classic Usenet readers, or HN discussions.) I wonder if Google has any way of figuring out what proportion of their IPv6 traffic is coming natively over IPv6, versus over one of the various IPv4-to-6 tunneling schemes? If a lot are in the 2nd category, this might not be a great move: a high-bandwidth site like this could overwhelm the tunnels and make new tunnels less attractive to operate. The red text here makes them seem pretty paranoid about their ability to sandbox the submissions: http://csclub.uwaterloo.ca/contest/contest_information.php I don't think there's any consensus in the statistics community on which of the many ways to do inference over "nearly all" functions is the better one; nonparametric regression is basically a whole field, and pretty in flux over the past 10 years. It depends on the reasons for the safety net--- one reason is a simple humanitarian one (don't want people homeless, etc.), for which the bare minimum suffices, but another reason is as an automatic business-cycle smoother, in which case you want reasonably generous unemployment benefits: http://www.nber.org/papers/w4750 I like the article's point about how when genres reach maturity, they become attractive to an increasingly specialized, increasingly small audience. Flight sims are perhaps the most extreme example: they were hugely popular in the 80s and early 90s, but by the mid-90s they basically required you to be able to actually fly a plane, which was not so popular. Many don't do official rounds at all--- if your dad wants to donate $10k to you with no strings attached, in return for an informal promise that you'll fund his retirement if you strike it rich, there's nothing standing in the way of that. I don't think it's purely that. VC demo days may not be the best place for someone with modest assets to find something they want to spend $10k on. They might have better luck talking to their friends, for example, or friends of their friends. The angel restrictions don't apply to those cases, either: it's only really official solicitations and funding rounds for which there are restrictions. If a few people get together and want to put in $10k each to a business one of their friends is starting, there is no law against that. It long predates tech startups, too; plenty of restaurants, dry-cleaners, and other traditional small businesses get their seed funding that way. There might be an ethical argument, but the "rich people have lots of options, and might leave" argument isn't really convincing to me. Recall that to avoid U.S. income tax, you must move abroad and permanently renounce your citizenship. How many wealthy Americans do you think would really do that solely due to a tax hike? Especially one that was in the range that would actually likely be passed (i.e. not 99%)? It's not clear how some of the services would work if there were opt-in though. If I opt out of the government-provided property-rights system, for example, but someone else doesn't, what happens? If we have a dispute over who owns a particular piece of land, usually a court resolves that. But I've opted out of the government court system, so how do we resolve this dispute? By force of arms? Is it really true that higher taxes will lead to the rich being criminals and politically connected? My impression is that Sweden, for example, isn't considered more corrupt than the United States, despite having much higher taxes. I like the ASCII text aspect for that reason, but does it really need the hard-coded headers and footers every 50 lines? The state of document management at large companies really is pretty abysmal, and many haven't made much in the way of a serious effort to digitize stuff. My dad, retired from a large petrochemical company, still occasionally gets calls from current engineers there asking if he happens to have any documentation of projects he worked on years ago, and in a lot of cases his personal files seem more complete than the company's, which have been hopelessly shuffled and/or lost over the course of several mergers and moves. The article says: "At the time of writing, neither font is available for download". Of the factors you listed, it looks like being 25+ and having a college degree are the main ones. The unemployment rate is almost as low for 45+ as for 25-44 among college graduates, and the unemployment rate for women in those groups is actually lower than for men (the lowest unemployment of all groups in the infographic is for white women 25-44 with college degrees). (edit: thanks greatly for the link, btw. it looks like it's been up for a few months, but I missed it the first time around.) Some can be avoided by not doing cyclic shedding/adding of workers. The justification for layoffs in a downturn followed by hires in an upturn is that it cuts costs: if you fire someone today and then hire someone else two years from now when things pick up, you've saved two years of salary/benefits over just keeping them on payroll through the downturn. I see this article as providing an argument that maybe saving that two years of salary isn't worth it. (There are other problems in that particular case, like companies that follow that hiring/layoff model always being a step behind in recoveries--- they're never well placed to catch booms early, because they spend the first year desperately scrambling to hire talent instead.) It's not nearly that strict. You can't use the title "Professional Engineer" without licensing, but non-licensed engineers can and usually do use the term "engineer", or derivatives like "chemical engineer" on their business cards and resumes. It's the norm in firms with a lot of engineers (like, say, Exxon) that most of the people whose job title includes the word "engineer" are not PEs. It doesn't even really give you any benefit to be a PE in the corporate context, because everything you're doing is on behalf of the corporation anyway; you're not an independent contractor providing services that you have to legally stand behind, but an employee doing work for hire. edit: This is true for the U.S. anyway. I believe some other countries are more strict on who may call themselves an engineer. I've found headphones work better if I use them no more than 30-40% of the time or so; then people wait until I don't have headphones on to ask me something. Doesn't work if I have them on all the time. Facebook's approach to images seems broken security-wise all around. You can also get to non-public images if you know the URL of the jpg--- linking to the image page won't work, but a direct link to the JPG will happily serve itself up. It's not foolproof, but I think one common way is for the static-content server to check for an appropriate authentication cookie. In Facebook's case, an additional complication is that they serve lots of the static content off Akamai, so any authentication would have to be coordinated. What kind of customers are we talking about? I think it's more likely to run into trouble if the customers are themselves large companies. If the customers are small---individuals or mom-and-pop restaurants or something---it's probably easier to reuse the contacts. That's just a guess, though. The current company would probably not be happy about it either way (though that's not necessarily determinative, because companies are unhappy about anything that remotely smells like competition, regardless of whether it's ethical or not). The U.S. is in an unusual position, though, in that more than half its government bonds are held domestically, so screwing the bondholders is politically much harder. I agree that inflating out of a debt is probably still relatively likely, though, since as long as it isn't done in a precipitous fashion (i.e. Italy-style overnight devaluation), the small domestic bondholders aren't likely to revolt. An actual default seems unlikely though, given how many Americans own treasury bonds. Those don't seem like quite the right statistics, though. The main risk is whether something that gets good reactions on YouTube will: 1) get good reactions from a superbowl TV audience; and 2) actually drive enough traffic to the company to be worth the cost. Just the YouTube viewer data doesn't answer either of those questions. (They might have had other statistics on that, of course, but if so, they haven't shared them.) If you're "repeating the works of the greats" in grad school, you're doing it wrong. That's what undergrad is for, and maybe a masters, but getting a PhD is supposed to be all about producing something new. By the end you should be the world expert in your (admittedly narrow) area, and have produced published scientific results that were previously not known to the field. Overall though, they're two totally different things, and if you don't know which of the two is more appealing to you, you don't have a very good idea of what you want to do. Do you want to advance the current state of scientific knowledge? Or do you want to produce products and services that people will find useful? The two occasionally overlap, but in general they're fairly different occupations. In this case I think having a built-in "and it worked" story helped a lot too. HPHP was released after already having a deployment that actually worked in the real world and saved resources/money, so it didn't have to go through the usual, "why should anyone care about a PHP compiler?" skepticism. It's not "typical", but 1+ month isn't uncommon, especially at large companies that require the group actually hiring you to first make up their own mind, then clear it through (possibly several) higher levels of management. Intel seems to not infrequently take 2 months or so, from anecdotal evidence, even for successful applicants (not just forgetting to reject unsuccessful ones). (It'd be interesting if anyone could compile some data.) Hmm yeah, I think after reading it, I'd describe it as more: let people browse the website for free, but sell access to the API. This is basically the "semantic web" dream in one form or another, isn't it? Not that that makes it a bad idea, but it's been slow going. As with the previous post, this seems to be missing the point that grad school isn't really about the same thing as YCombinator. Grad school is about advancing the state of scientific knowledge, which might result in useful products or services, but not necessarily, and often not in the short-term. Startups are about producing useful products or services, getting them to market, and monetizing them, which might result in scientific advances, but not necessarily, and often you actually hope not to need any (needing to solve an open scientific question in the critical path to getting a product out the door is a huge risk). His justification is somewhat questionable. Is stopping people talking on cell phones by standing in traffic when the light is green actually making the world a better place, i.e. reducing traffic accidents? It seems at the very least to be an open question whether any decrease in accidents from reducing cell-phone usage would be matched by an increase in accidents from cars unexpectedly stopped in the middle of a road. I'm not arguing it was illegal, merely that it wasn't utility-maximizing. I'm not sure it's even legal though; surely having right of way when entering a cross-walk doesn't give you justification to spend unlimited time in the crosswalk, even deliberately stalling there? I'm not sure benchmarks of nginx v. Apache are enough to definitively settle that asynchronous programming is better than synchronous programming. This USENIX paper argues the opposite, though it admits there are some problems with current thread-based solutions: http://www.usenix.org/events/hotos03/tech/full_papers/vonbeh... The post complains about the inadequacy of current language support for asynchronous programming, though, while the linked paper argues that the real problem is the inadequacy of current language support for synchronous programming. Admittedly, they're talking about different kinds of "support": it's harder to do asynchronous programming in a lot of languages, but it's even harder than that to do synchronous programming efficiently, because the toolchains don't support the optimizations that would be necessary (but which you can do by hand in an asynchronous programming style). I agree the classes often aren't that engaging, but I do think it'd be useful for everyone (or at least a lot of people) to understand the basics of giving instructions to a computer so it can do things for them. Many will end up having to do at least some simple form of it in their future lives, anyway; certainly people in the natural sciences do, and increasingly lots of other people will find themselves needing to write an Excel macro, or sort some data with a Perl script, and various other such things. I agree current CS 101 classes aren't good at conveying that excitement though, of being able to make a computer do what you want. The linked article talks about media computation as one approach to that: instead of having people sort lists or whatever, show them that they can make simple art stuff. (I personally got hooked on computers much earlier than college in large part because of a Logo course.) Hmm, it doesn't seem able to find the old-style EFF blue ribbons much of anywhere, even though I know they're still up in a lot of places: http://www.tineye.com/search/8a8b9792d6d6056dec92d993595e6d9... It's an unexpected change for me at least, because I've posted on blogspot blogs in the past from my Google account, which makes the comments link to your Google profile if you have one. I expected that the result would be (and it was) a pseudonymous comment with just my first name, which linked to a blank Google profile. If Google sticks my real name and my friends lists on my Google profile without warning, those old comments are retroactively linked to my IRL identity, which wasn't what I expected when I posted them years ago. As a geek, I slightly balked at the claim on the Locking and Coherence page that it's "the first file replication system" to keep files coherent via locks, since I think of stuff like AFS as doing that. But looking at your product comparison page, it's true if you think of "file replication system" as more application-level sync stuff like Dropbox. Somewhat separately, do you care at all about selling to companies that might otherwise consider a more heavyweight solution like setting up an NFS volume that everyone mounts? You have a clear ease-of-use-and-maintenance win, but it'd require separate marketing to a different kind of audience so as not to confuse people who don't even know what that is. I don't think most small-business owners are really like this, fortunately. It'd be a pretty sad world if it were really true that "profits aren't everything, they're the only thing". The article keeps talking about how civil servants are overpaid, which I don't think is true. There are too many of them, but they aren't particularly well paid; the average is around €20,000. It just means they default on the loans. The creditors only get what the country chooses to give them (if anything), which is usually negotiated with some eye towards balancing the country's interests against the harm to their future ability to get loans if they screw the creditors too much. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Default_(finance)#Sovereign_def... That I agree with, but it's a more general issue about the temptation to make future promises you can't pay for, and is also true in the private sector. Employers in general, public and private, make promises of future payments they can't pay for, don't set aside the money, and just kick the can down the road to the next generation of management. It's one reason so many American companies go bankrupt about 30-40 years after their peak, which coincidentally is when their pension obligations start coming due. I suppose the ideal would be not to have such articles posted at all, since this isn't really the place for this sort of hyper-partisan stuff, whether from Cato or the Socialist Worker . Yeah, from that definition of bankruptcy it's a poor choice of words, because sovereign countries can't go bankrupt in the sense that bankruptcy law means. They're colloquially bankrupt in the sense of "not able to pay their bills", but not legally in the sense of "in court-supervised receivership"--- because there is no world government, and therefore no bankruptcy court with jurisdiction. There's some parts of economics that have used game theory as an analysis tool based on the set of assumptions: 1) humans, at least when they engage with markets, are rational actors; and therefore 2) markets will converge to the equilibria specified by game theory. Some of the empirical tests of game theory have had a not-so-hidden subtext of casting doubt on that kind of economics. It seems there might be some circularity in the bipolar returns and the "therefore, we have to bet on 1000x winners" mentality. If every bet is a huge one, a bipolar distribution is what you'd expect to get, isn't it? Just a guess, but I wonder if that's partly due to the relatively low capital needs for technology startups compared to some other businesses. Maybe the mid-range profitable companies, the sort that will plateau at $1m/year profits with 5 employees, just aren't seeking VC funding at all, because they have enough in savings/friends/family funding to get off the ground? I was trying to think of a good meatspace analog to 4chan, and the closest seems to be basically "bar conversations", which is an interesting comparison. They're not anonymous in the same way, but they have some of the same expectation of privacy, in that you aren't broadcasting everything you say to the world / your boss / your parents with your name attached, which allows for more honesty. > being unable to build a clean image from source-code only It's a different language, but I found this paper on making SBCL (a lisp compiler) build from source interesting: http://www.doc.gold.ac.uk/~mas01cr/papers/s32008/sbcl.pdf The previous situation was that the CMUCL compiler, which SBCL forked from, was essentially defined by the image, which was incrementally changed into new versions--- and over decades this process had made the source code that was nominally "the CMUCL source" increasingly different from the in-memory image that was actually CMUCL. I still find the image-based model vaguely fascinating in its blurring of the compile-time/runtime distinction, something that occasionally gets resurrected under various guises: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interactive_programming This is one reason I like the behavior of Chrome's URL bar. It sometimes gets it wrong, but I think it frequently guesses correctly when I start typing something whether I want to: 1) visit a site I've recently/frequently visited; or 2) search for that term. If you just start typing "facebook" in the URL bar and hit enter you'll end up at facebook.com instead of performing a search for it. I must confess that I often use something like this myself, though, despite being a tech person. I can never remember the stupid URL for my university's obscurely-located courseware system, for example, so I usually just Google for universityname coursewarename and click on the first result. I guess I could bookmark it, but this method works fine. The farm transition was basically a direct farm->factory mass transition though. Farming declined, and masses of poor people flocked to rapidly growing cities, where they could be employed almost immediately as unskilled factory labor. Are things like yoga instruction and pottery really the question mark in the farm->factory->[?] sequence? That'd only really work if some of the results of the robot/computer work were distributed freely, wouldn't it? If robots are doing enough work to keep everyone alive, but those robots aren't government- or charity-run robots that distribute their products to everyone for free, then humans still have to work some sort of job to get the money needed to buy the stuff from the robots' owners. If you had high unemployment, and the robot greenhouses aren't giving away their vegetables for free, how are the unemployed people supposed to get the vegetables? Isn't that actually worse? Not only can IBM screw its pensioners, but the pensioners have no recourse: IBM's shareholders get to keep decades of profits gotten on the basis of promises that were later breached, and limited liability means those dividends can't be clawed back to pay the company's obligations. Well as far as phone apps go, there is also the Google Android app store. Smaller market, but fairly large and growing rapidly, and less crowded as far as app-selling competitors go (so far). Also, developing for it is free and doesn't require Apple approving your app. For games in particular, there are a number of other indie-distribution channels, like XBox Live Arcade. For other kinds of software, there's the traditional "sell shareware over the internet" approach, which is declining for the most part but still relatively robust on OS X. There are also web apps, which can be supported either by ads or by selling premium add-ons, among other possibilities. It's unfortunately what happens when you sign away the rights to it. Happens to authors, too: you can be taken to court by your publisher if you post a PDF free online after selling the publisher the rights to the book. While it seems likely that's true (to me, anyway), it does still mean that for anyone who isn't a tier 1 ISP, and therefore does have to pay out the gargantuan bandwidth costs, it's quite difficult to profit from video websites. Most of the artists I know who do small-to-medium contract jobs browse the "gigs" section on Craigslist for their local area (you'd think location wouldn't matter, but a lot of people who contract out for art assets want to meet in person, so many artists don't bother searching outside their local area). It's mainly big in the U.S., so may not work well in other countries. If you're near a major U.S. city, though, a post with an outline of your requirements will almost certainly get multiple responses with portfolios/bids/etc. Android apps are sandboxed; the security model, assuming there are no holes in it, shouldn't let apps do crazy things like delete your files or install a keylogger. See: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/security/security.... already on the HN front page: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1119822 As amateurs, though, they might not be worth much in most parts of the market, because a lot of potential employers / contract-art purchasers put a lot of value on the portfolio and previous gigs. There are huge swathes of the market that you're excluded from if your resume is essentially empty except for "posted a few things on DeviantArt", no matter how good those things are. Which means you can get good art cheaply if you're willing to find people with no resume who can provide it. Considering the overall poor performance of the hedge-fund managers compensated in this fashion, isn't this a model not to follow? Yeah, this is particularly true in the rather terrible physics-meets-free-will literature. It seems every few months a physicist "scientifically discovers" some viewpoint on free will that has been widely known for centuries, or even worse claims something absurd like that they've disproven free will , for some totally naive definition of "free will". In particular, almost nobody seems to bother dealing with compatibilist arguments, of the sort made by Daniel Dennett and many others, which make the physicists' research mostly irrelevant for free will, unless compatibilism can be refuted: http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/compatibilism/ Here's one analysis, which while not all bad, is not particularly positive either: http://www.cfapubs.org/loi/doi/abs/10.2469/faj.v61.n6.2775 I can see that, but the opposite approach seems even more absurd. Most of the physicists (and neuroscientists) who claim their work refutes or could potentially refute free will, seem to be using a definition of "free will" that's inherently magical. Something like: free will means that The Human Mind is an entity outside the universe, and can poke holes into the universe and move matter in a way that cannot be accounted for by the laws of physics. If you start from that assumption, it seems like a foregone conclusion that free will doesn't exist. It's somewhat hard to compare price in a column, though, because they have totally different pricing models. Some charge monthly fees for VPS slices depending on their size; others charge by the hour, also dependent on the size; some flat-price bandwidth up to some level while others charge for all bandwidth by the GB; etc. It's funny in some strange way that one of the five sites he lists, Aardvark, was bought by Google two days after this article was written. On my middling DSL (320 kbps symmetric) there's a lot of pages that take more than 3 seconds to load, especially if you're not using AdBlock. There are some Flash ads that take 5+ seconds to load just by themselves! The typical for a large corporate site seems to be 4-6 sec for me. I just timed cnn.com and yahoo.com both at 5s total load time, and aol.com at 8s (all in Chrome on Linux). edit: Found a new winner: foxnews.com consistently takes between 25 and 33 seconds to load. This seems like the sort of thing that probably varies by area and the local social norms. In a hippie town, the police would barely give a second look. Traditional free trials aren't always crippled; it used to actually be standard in software that the free versions were useful in their own right, and the rise of "crippleware" that was basically useless on its own was initially fairly controversial in the shareware community. I mean, Doom could've been seen as a "freemium" FPS, where you get the entire FPS engine and several levels free, and only pay if you want to buy bonus levels. (Admittedly, that's software v. service, but in the same era, some BBSs ran on a service-based freemium model as well, providing free access to anyone, but letting users pay for certain features like extra download quotas or time quotas.) That's not the only reason to cut work weeks, though I agree it's a bad one. This old article by Bertrand Russell starts out by pointing out that the "fixed pie" view is not a good reason to work less, but that there are others: http://www.zpub.com/notes/idle.html The gist of it is that you can take the dividends of increasing productivity in a lot of ways. As computers get faster, you can keep paying $2k for a new computer every 3-4 years and get a better one, or you can take some of that technology-advancement dividend in cash, and buy a netbook that's still better than your old computer. He's basically arguing that you should take some of the modern era's productivity dividend in leisure time, instead of just in more income and material wealth. Some of these arguments don't seem the best. Yes, the 'jar' command-line tool is much slower than GNU tar, but that's hardly conclusive proof that "Java is slow". It just means that 'jar' is slow. One generalization that's not unreasonable is that Java is bad for small tools with very short runtimes, because the VM startup overhead ends up being really expensive as a proportion. Oops, I misremembered the original title; sorry. I read that particular phrase as a slightly weaker argument: a claim that when people put forth biological or evolutionary explanations for behavior, they usually have social reasons for doing so, as opposed to scientific ones. That is, they have a political or social claim they want to make, and cloak it in scientific rhetoric. Oddly, some prominent evolutionary biologists take that position, too; Stephen Jay Gould's criticisms of sociobiology sometimes fall along those lines. As a counterpoint to the dumb users googling for "facebook login" and typing their password into the site that was the first hit, here's a case where the people who get to chatroulette by googling for it come out ahead, because Google corrects the obvious typos and brings up the real site as the first result. ;-) It looks like Flash 10.1 added something built in to do the UDP-firewall-punching and connection setup for peer-to-peer video between Flash clients: http://labs.adobe.com/technologies/stratus/ No idea if that's what he's using or he rolled his own. Using Stratus seems like the most obvious option, but it looks like it's limited beta only, and the beta EULA prohibits commercial use, so if he's using it, it's unofficially. The comments he quotes sound most likely to be fake rather than genuinely confused people. "I got the Internet from my dad so I can get the pokemons" is the sort of thing an internet denizen is more likely to say sarcastically, than an internet newbie is likely to say genuinely. This guy's experience is that Linux users buy his indie game at about 2x of the rate of Windows users, about equivalent to the conversion rate for OS X users: http://www.koonsolo.com/news/linux-users-show-their-love-for... The app market is probably different than the game market, though. textfiles Gold is a weird case, in that we don't actually have much practical use for gold. Some, sure (electrical contacts and such), but the vast majority of its value is circular: it's valuable because people perceive it to be a safe store of value, and therefore lots of it is held in vaults. A sudden discovery of a way to get large quantities of gold to earth could cause its value to totally collapse to near-nothing. At least 1, 3, 5, and 6 are more common in many fields than you might hope. It's quite hard to get work published that is "outside the mainstream consensus", and how exactly that "consensus" is defined is not always so narrow as to only exclude genuine cranks. It particularly often excludes anything challenging the work of important people in the field who edit its important journals. And there are a ton of shady things that go on around #5/#6. Reviewers don't always honestly review work that shows theirs in a negative light, sometimes steal results from papers they've rejected, etc. It's what happens when lots of money, positions, and reputations ride on these sorts of things, along with the cutthroat professorship/tenure competition. Climate change just magnifies all that by having a lot more money and general politics (as opposed to only academic politics) riding on the result. Here's one of many recent non-climate-change examples: http://scienceblogs.com/ethicsandscience/2009/08/the_saga_of... I think textual descriptions of child sex are, strangely, still legal, if only because a lot of literature has included them. Yeah, a more accurate title could have been: Java's verbosity is due to its API, not the underlying language. It's still somewhat interesting to me to decouple the two, though. There are some things that are verbose and cumbersome in Java due to the way the language fundamentally works: for example, no anonymous functions means that if you want to pass a simple one-time-use function to sort , you have to create a whole new file with your sort functor. But the examples in this blog post could've been fixed by just having designed the API differently, or even had the same underlying API but added a set of convenience wrappers for the common cases. I'm not sure how solid it is either, but for text there are at least some more constraints on what Congress could ban. Fanny Hill (1748) is a very explicit novel about the sexual exploits of a 15-year-old girl, and despite being frequently banned, it was ruled protected by the First Amendment in the U.S. in 1966: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memoirs_v._Massachusetts Ah right, I'm not sure why that skipped my mind; I've even done that before. I suppose that adds to the general view of the linked post that Java-the-language isn't actually inherently that verbose, but the JVM APIs are. In a lot of cases, like the one here, it's because they're publishing for a conference or journal that takes submissions as PDF, not for the web. Then they just put the same PDF on the internet. The observation that the current set of networks / communication platforms "chop[s] up a network of individuals so finely that you end up with a mush" is interesting. I do see something of a progressive decrease in community in my cyberspace dealings, as everything gets more connected and networky: the BBSs I was on had typically very strong community that persisted over time, early web stuff was not quite the same but still reasonably strong (mailing lists, the heydey of kuro5hin.org), and that's increasingly gotten sort of diluted. There's a similarity in that neither fexprs nor lazy functions evaluate their arguments up front, but lazy functions will eventually , if they run and access that argument at all, get an evaluated version of it. Fexprs can get the actual raw unevaluated argument and poke at it, so if you call (foo (+ 1 2)), foo gets the syntax-tree (+ 1 2) if it's an fexpr, while if it's a function, lazy or otherwise, it will only ever see the value 3. I agree that the burden of proof is on creationists if they want to positively assert that God created man, but plenty of anti-evolution activists limit themselves to the narrower grounds of just claiming "evolution is only a theory, burden of proof is on the evolutionists". Yet they tend to get called "denialists" in that case, also. (Though I agree the evidence for evolution is much more mature than the evidence for AGW.) In my case, I'd be more skeptical of AGW if there were better theoretical explanations of how large changes in atmospheric CO2 concentration might not cause macroscopic climate changes. As far as I can tell, most of the debate is over the instrumental record, i.e. an argument that as an empirical fact, warming isn't happening. But we do know that CO2 concentrations have increased (I don't think those measurements are controversial), and as far as I can tell the theoretical understanding is that this ought to produce a warming effect. Are there contrary theoretical models that predict that CO2 levels could increase at magnitudes approximately around those we see and yet not produce a warming effect? (Not a rhetorical question; I'm curious if there are.) This feels weirdly old, despite being published in 2009. These are almost verbatim the kinds of criticisms old-school feminists were levying against porn prior to the advent of sex-positive feminism in the 1980s. I could see this argument for dropping 10.4, but plenty of people are still on 10.5 because Apple didn't release a PPC version of 10.6. In my case, it's because hardware seems to have stayed mostly flat over the past 5 years or so. If I bought a new portable machine to replace my 12" PowerBook, it would probably be a netbook. But today's netbooks aren't any faster than my PB, so why sideways-upgrade? I do still buy and upgrade software routinely (in some cases software upgrades have actually made my machine faster than it was years ago, e.g. with the Firefox speed improvements). This is the only economic analysis of the proposal I can find: http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1158096 It's not peer-reviewed, but it's from a respectable economics institute. Sophisticated simulations done in Excel happen in industry more often than you might think, using all manner of graphics hacks for the display, ranging from using cells for the display, to "pop up a new chart three times a second for 3 fps animation". It seems particularly common in finance and some kinds of engineering. I can't help but cringe when I see it, though. Some of the talks are genuinely good, but many have a sort of weird vibe to them that I find offputting, that seems to value flashiness and trends over intellectual content. Sort of like if all of academia were the MIT Media Lab. Some, especially the management/motivation/life-philosophy ones, even border on the new-agey psuedo-psych sort of stuff you find on the corporate speaking circuit. Daniel Pink came to mind when I was writing that part. I agree in an 18-minute talk you can only sort of speak in generalities, but in his case, his books are similarly unscientific. It might not be a terrible strategy overall. Bing is the least unsuccessful Microsoft foray into the web so far, and it's heavily built around a combination of: advertising the site, having tie-ins to things like Bing Shopping, and cutting default-search-engine deals. It's probably easier to do all that by focusing on one country or region at a time. FWIW, here's a 1983 National Academy of Engineering report on the topic: http://books.google.com/books?id=hS0rAAAAYAAJ&pg=PR1 The Economist had a similar story on the perception that crime is up even though it's considerably down in the UK: http://www.economist.com/world/britain/displaystory.cfm?stor... Their two main explanations are: 1. Increasingly nationalized "local" news means that when rare but gruesome crimes happen, instead of just the city or county where they happen being outraged, now the whole country is outraged. 2. A lot of the decrease in violent crime, for the UK at least, is a decrease in violent crime by people known to the attacker, like domestic violence. Crime by strangers is not down nearly as much, and is the kind people mostly mean when they're worried about crime--- they're worried about some guy on the street mugging them, or a robber breaking into their house. Not sure it matters much either way, but fwiw, BHL (as he seems to be known) isn't associated with French philosophy in the school-of-thought sense Americans use the term, although he's clearly French and a philosopher. That is, he isn't associated with the prominent intellectual currents that characterize post-WW2 French philosophy (post-structuralism, postmodernism, psychoanalysis, deconstruction, etc.). Rather the opposite; he's mainly a critic of the mainstream of French philosophy, and politically somewhat towards the right, e.g. opposing socialism and supporting the Iraq War. (This episode will probably strengthen his critics from the left who tend to accuse him of being a media-savvy intellectual lightweight.) It doesn't help with these old Windows games, but DOSBox provides virtual IPX-over-IP emulation so LAN play works on old DOS games. I wonder if there's a way to do something similar for Windows games? Considering that they're successful taking that route, though, they do have some first-hand experience to back up their claim that you can be successful without going the VC/startup route. One thing I'd like to see more on these kinds of data-mining analyses are some sort of error bars, variances, etc. They tend to just report group averages, like A=5, B=2, but there's a big difference between (using, say, 1 stddev as the bracket), A=5 +/- 1, B = 2 +/- 1, in which case they really do seem to differ, and A=5 +/- 15, B = 2 +/- 25, in which case you've got mostly noise. They are making some attempts along those lines, which is interesting for a socialist government. There's a public-sector wage freeze, and significantly stepped-up attempts to go after tax evasion. Fun fact: in 2008, the average Greek doctor reported less than €10,000 in income. If you were to make a demographic map of Athens based on official income data from tax returns, most of the wealthy suburbs would look like ghettos. Don't they have something close to this data already, by virtue of controlling the most popular search engine? They can already observe the search-traffic spikes for various brands and products from Super Bowl ads that they didn't pay for. It's possible they got some new data out of it, but my guess is that it really was just an ad purchased for the reason ads usually are purchased, in this case partly to counter Bing's ad campaign. One way is to do more of your discussion in less-networked communities, and think of ways to support them. If you chat in an IRC channel with 50 regulars, the chances that you'll suddenly become a celebrity with 5000 people lurking in that channel to hear your next word are pretty close to zero. Same with posting in most forums. I'm not sure IRC or webforums in particular are the future---to a certain extent they're canonical 90s and early 2000s past---but I think looking back towards communities and away from everyone-networked-into-one-huge-community-the-size-of-the-internet might be the way to go. Until recently, I hadn't actually heard that definition of startup, at least outside of VCs talking to each other (because obviously VCs only care about the subset of startups that involve VCs and, ideally, large-multiplier exits). But in general I've thought of a "startup" as simply a new business based on technology. Some subset of startups were funded by venture capitalists, and a subset were aiming to grow huge and have quick exits. But others aimed at medium-sized businesses, or even smallish businesses. A large proportion of the people I know who've founded startups actively don't want an "exit", because they built it, and they aren't going to give it up anytime soon. I'm not even really sure how it became that people assumed that startups ought to aim for large funding and under-5-year exits. Is that just a legacy of the fact that anyone with eyeballs could (and therefore, often did) get funding in the first bubble, so it just became assumed that it was the norm? It's certainly not true that the amount of money you get paid is "an objective measurement of how much wealth you create for other people". It's quite possible to make money in lots of ways, some of which also create wealth for other people, some of which are relatively neutral for other people, and some of which take it away from other people. I'm not aware of any general formula for determining which is which, except perhaps in the extremes (obviously, various kinds of scam artists fall into the 3rd category). Does that actually happen, though? To a large extent, colleges are socioeconomically segregated much like high-schools are. Rich kids from private schools go to the Ivy League, poor kids go to state school or community college. Yeah, I think you would actually see more idealistic innovation in schools, especially those considered mid-tier in prestige, if they felt they could get away with it. As it stands now, schools below the top-tier are spending all their time worried that their grads won't be able to get jobs anywhere, so don't feel they can take any chances on something that would seem experimental and crazy. There's a lot of defensiveness and worry about seeming wacky or non-mainstream. There's no legal precedent, but if you want to read a ton of legal speculation on a related topic (some by informed people, some by those less informed), there's a pretty large body of writing on the hypothetical issues of whether proprietary Linux kernel modules violate the GPL. edit: here's a pretty thorough law-review article: http://web.bu.edu/law/central/jd/organizations/journals/bulr... One explanation I've heard for the PDF menus is that they have to have PDF versions anyway for printing, so the least-effort solution is to just put the same PDFs online. The official announcement / press release is actually available, via the Wikimedia Foundation mailing list: http://lists.wikimedia.org/pipermail/foundation-l/2010-Febru... The formal announcement is actually semi-officially available already: http://lists.wikimedia.org/pipermail/foundation-l/2010-Febru... I agree--- to a large extent the consolidation of useful information on almost any topic Foo at Wikipedia has compensated for what'd otherwise be an overall decrease in the quality of Google's results for Foo over the past few years. If you look at what you get back for many general topics excluding the Wikipedia result, it's a morass of SEO'd blogs, referral bait, and other such not-really-content content. I tend to think the opposite: the companies like Britannica keeping data closed do a lot to prevent potential industries from rising by keeping information from the people who would build those industries. Wikipedia goes a long way towards giving at least some of the information that is needed to start a modern business to everyone. It's hard to quantify each of them, but I'd be willing to bet that the wealth created by Wikipedia is considerably greater than the wealth that a hypothetical Britannica-still-rules-online-encyclopedias would create. I mean, Britannica just doesn't employ that many people, and never has. Is there a page that gives us info about what it is before deciding whether to give it access? The linked page just redirects me to a twitter allow/deny prompt. Mailing lists are sort of a non-startup player too, at least for tech answers. If I'm googling for a programming question or a Linux configuration issue or something, I'd estimate I find my answer in mailing list archives at least as often as on normal websites. There's a bit more on that here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nord_Stream#Controversy It makes sense from a power-politics standpoint that Russia would want to be able to turn on/off the tap to Western Europe and its close-in neighbors separately. Right now when it gets into disputes with Ukraine, it can't use gas supplies as a pawn to the extent it would like, for fear of pissing off countries like Germany who are downstream on the same pipe. It's probably fine as long as you stick to mainly cloning the idea or functionality, ideally perhaps modifying or extending it to fit your understanding of the local market. The main place people go wrong is also cloning the look-and-feel, or making the name be an obvious pun/derivative/translation of the original. Not only for legal reasons (though it matters for those too), but it can make the clone feel too derivative, like it's a generic-brand knockoff instead of a product in its own right. This is only really half the story. Modern computer science is an intermingling of an engineering-heritage and mathematics-heritage tradition, and the people quoted here are all definitely on the math side. The intermingling has only partially taken place, too: you can often still tell from a particular CS department's focus whether it broke off from an engineering dept, or broke off from a math dept. Which makes sense to a certain extent, because if you want to reduce all of computation to something, "machines" and "mathematics" are both things it reduces to, depending on how you look at it. Everything at its base is lambda calculus, but everything at its base is also machine code and bits in registers. Yes this is very fortunate for a current product we have in development, but do the authors have information about what additional frameworks are available? It is important for our legacy application that a FORTRAN physics engine be able to be integrated, is this possible? A section about the trouble hierarchical information layout causes, in an article posted on (and written about) the web, is interesting, since some of the early motivations for hypertext were precisely the feeling that hierarchical structures and navigation were unintuitive and limiting, and that instead links between relevant stuff should be the main abstraction. Ted Nelson in particular seems to see eliminating hierarchies in computation as sort of a holy war. The reaction might change, but I'm mainly seeing the opposite effect on #2 so far: there seems to be a sympathetic undercurrent of "collusion of big-government IRS and greedy corporate capitalists drove hardworking man to kill himself" in some of the coverage. We do this in-house in my research group already, as a way of letting anyone use fairly complex-to-setup AI systems without installing them on every machine. Even lets you use heavyweight AI from, say, Flash without doing something godawful like porting it to ActionScript, because Flash can just call out to some webservice for the algorithm it needs. Or, build a demo you can distribute to people elsewhere without having to distribute the backend as well, because the GUI phones home to get its algorithmic work done on our servers. It's worked pretty decently, but we keep it internal because we just don't have the compute resources to offer things like SAT-solving or logic programming or planning as a service to the general public. Isn't much of anything rude, thoughtless, or chauvinistic? I can buy that it's true of "the web", sure, but also "businesspeople", "academics", "the people who live in your neighborhood", "the people on TV", "the people who watch TV", and "your classmates", depending on what situation you're in. I can see that viewpoint, although it does sort of play into the old stereotypes of VCs. Ditch a proven revenue stream and give the product away for free? Sure, we'll make it up on volume! For simple stuff that I once might've done in MS Paint I've already switched almost exclusively to using http://www.canvaspaint.org/ , both because it's really quick, and because File->Save saves to a URL, so you don't even have the extra uploading step before sharing your quick sketch/diagram. I agree that Aviary's tools, being much more full-featured, are pushing what can be reasonably done on the web currently without it being painful for the user. But I think the model is a pretty good one, and a matter of time plus perhaps optimization: something as responsive as canvaspaint.org that was more like a modern image editor would be a winner. There's an FSF FAQ on this: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.html#ModifyGPL It seems they're mostly trying to avoid a license-dilution problem, where there'd be 50 incompatible versions of the GPL floating around confusing everyone. Messages later in the thread say that it was money wired to two Brazilians that they were sponsoring to fly to the conference with the travel scholarships, that never got to the intended recipients. Unfortunately, money wires frequently have problems like that. The security is basically entirely at the receiving point, which is supposed to not hand over the wired cash to anyone except the person it was wired to, and is supposed to properly check IDs and such. But if someone else gets it, either because of lax checking, fake documentation, or unscrupulous employees at the bank, it's basically gone; unlike with credit cards and such, you can't chargeback a wire transfer (which is why 419 and Craigslist scammers ask for money to be sent that way). I agree with #2 and #5, but I've seen plenty of examples that violate all the others. The first millionaire I came two degrees of separation from (friend of a friend) got rich in the first dot-com bubble by essentially selling a list of links to Yahoo. He had compiled a small website of about 5 static HTML pages, that was just a list of links to "resources in [niche]". It got popular and got a lot of traffic, so Yahoo bought it for multiple millions of dollars. He was not a genius, not hugely passionate about it, and not particularly well networked; I mean, it was just a list of links on a website that he occasionally updated. Not the current $6b+ yearly profits, sure, but they were still hugely profitable. Google IPOd towards the end of 2004, a year in which they made $400m profit on $3.2b in revenue: http://investor.google.com/fin_data2004.html (But I agree that you don't need $400m profit to IPO.) It's also not at all clear whether their long-term effect will be positive for any particular person, or how to predict it. A large portion are basically milder versions of amphetamines, without nearly as many of the really bad side effects. But they fundamentally do the same thing, upping short-term energy and concentration. One common issue is that people fall into on/off work patterns: you're taking the enhancer and working like mad, or, when you're not, you're totally checked out. There are a lot of kinds of intellectual work for which oscillating between 110% and 0% effort isn't really optimal, though. I think it's somewhat telling that the best success seems to be at high-pressure environments with fairly prescribed tasks, like law school. A more likely phase two, I think, would be violent chaos amidst a grab for land and resources, unless some sort of alternate leadership emerges (and if that alternate leadership were broadly popular, why couldn't it just take over the existing government?). The primary immediate effect of a loss of government authority would be the dissolution of government-enforced contract and property rights. For the general concept of what it would mean for citizens to opt out of a government in the American context, though, Thoreau wrote quite a bit on the subject: http://thoreau.eserver.org/civil.html Anti-war groups have typically also debated some version of "how can I opt out?", though I'd say with with mixed success. They can generally find ways to avoid actually serving in the military, but avoiding paying for it or having wars be waged in your name is a lot harder. It's not clear to me that medicine actually has "more capability" than a decade ago in the same way that computers are today objectively faster. Studies attempting to show improvement in outcomes due to improvements in medicine tend to be inconclusive or negative for most areas, though there've been improvements in a few narrow ones (like HIV prognosis). For most diseases, though, your probabilities basically haven't budged in the past 20 years. In any case, I see the analogy as pushing the opposite viewpoint: in computers I get more capability for less money than a decade ago. I used to have to spend $2000 for a decent laptop, but now I spend $700. Why can't I get better medicine than a decade ago for >50% discount? Does the medical field not make technological advances in the same way as computing, that make existing technology get cheaper over time? Is there anything finance-specific in these kinds of books that I'd learn from reading them, or is it just data mining / statistical inference applied to stock data in the obvious way? In fact, you might take LinkedIn and Facebook as good counterexamples: do we want an internet where the only discussion is the kind of conscious-of-being-public pablum you get at Facebook and LinkedIn? There's plenty of things that go into discussions working versus not working, but I don't think real names have much to do with it. If anything, my impression is that real names are usually a net negative, outside a very narrow range of sites intended to foster IRL activity. It doesn't even require being particularly politically controversial to stifle participation if real names were attached--- the threshold at which it has a chilling effect is far lower than "gay-rights activist in Saudi Arabia"; people quickly start dropping out of discussions if their name would be associated with them at a much lower threshold of, basically, anything they wouldn't want their mother or boss to see. I agree some stake is useful, but reputation is one with poor properties. For one thing, it's not clear to me that the damage suffered is actually well correlated with behaving well versus poorly in the forum; rather, a dominating effect is simply what kinds of forums you choose. You will suffer a negative effect to your reputation if you participate in a hentai forum; whether you participate there as a troll or a valued user will not cause much additional effect either way. For some reason, though, they seem to mainly do the same thing under both parties' administrations, which makes me suspect that trade policies are really crafted by a set of career bureaucrats who stay there under all kinds of administrations, aiding a revolving door of people with largely the same political viewpoints. As far as I can tell, ACTA negotiations have been exactly the same under Bush and Obama, such that if you were looking at U.S. politics through them you would barely know there was more than one political party in the US. It may have been that I just read it at the wrong time in my life, but I found parts of it really tedious. I can imagine it would've been more enlightening if I'd read it earlier in my life, as opposed to trying to read it after I already had a CS degree and was in grad school studying AI... It seems we have at least ~20 years of a serious transition problem, even if in the long run it's a symptom of positive technological progress: there's a large cohort of blue-collar workers in their 40s and 50s caught out by the rapid decline in US blue-collar jobs. Some will find other skills, or go back to school to acquire skills (and valuable pieces of paper), but can that absorb millions of middle-aged people who have been blue-collar workers all their lives and now find that to be a dead end? Cottage industry, possibly? Farming is difficult to pull off at more than subsistence levels without significant machinery, even if you're targeting the relatively high value hand-picked/local/organic market. A lot of the obvious cottage industries also decline during a downturn, like miscellaneous arts and crafts, but I've run across people making decent livings from textile work that they sell on ebay. For smallish amounts of money, one step up the farming chain to baking is fairly profitable. However it gets complicated fast if you want to make a full income doing it, because there's all sorts of health regulations for being a baker or confectioner that pretty much prevent you from doing it out of your home kitchen. Can probably get away with ignoring them if you're selling cookies and bread to before moving in, when you sign the lease. Maybe it's relative to what other audiences you also encounter, but I haven't found things too bad in the programming blogosphere. Sure, there are jerks, but there are jerks everywhere. My day-job is in academia, and there are a lot of jerks at academic conferences. You're more likely to get someone furious that you're intruding on their area, or critical that you aren't using their preferred methodology or citing their papers, than you are to get someone genuinely interested in understanding what you're doing and why. I actually sometimes find the tech-blog reception friendlier, on the occasions I've ventured some of my academic work online. Admittedly, it might be worse if I were a celebrity blogger with tons of readers; when only relatively few people read you, generally it's only people who have some reason to like your work that would bother commenting. http://sdf.lonestar.org/ is one of the better ones that's been around forever. It has www and cgi-bin in the free account, though you need the $36 one-time-fee account for php/perl/python/ruby CGIs. Cron seems to require the $36/yr account. Details: http://sdf.lonestar.org/?join A lot of people these days just buy a small VPS instead of getting a shell account. Upside is more control; downside is, well, more control (you're also the sysadmin). Are projects like Gimp and ImageMagick not yet aware of it, don't consider it a bug, just haven't gotten around to fixing it, or what? In some brief trawling through bugtrackers and mailing lists I haven't been able to find any discussion on the subject, but it's somewhat hard to search on variations of the widely used terms "gamma", "scaling", and "bug". This feels a little too gold-buggish for me in parts. Fiat money and fractional-reserve banking are quite separate things: fractional-reserve banking was common even with gold currency. Unless an intrusive government regulation outlaws people from accepting deposits and lending them back out, and even further, from issuing promissory notes, it will continue to happen even in a gold-standard economy, because full-reserve banks are less attractive, both to owners and depositors, except in crises, of which our memories are short. Gold supply also has over the past 100 years or so inflated at a low exponential curve that looks much like a compounding curve, because the annual production has been increasing roughly in line with the total amount in existence (from 400 tons/yr in 1900 to 2500 tons/yr today). It's compounding with a low rate, around 1%-2% over most of that period, but nonethless the money supply inflates, and continues to inflate faster in absolute terms year to year (with some dips now and then). Yeah, there's more scope to maneuver in a fiat-money system; I was mainly objecting to what seemed to be the suggestion that under a gold standard FRB and the money multiplier somehow wouldn't exist. It seems that some people in this group want to somehow mandate that everyone conduct their transactions by literally exchanging gold coins in bags. But the people with that viewpoint tend to also be libertarians... how, consistent with libertarianism, can the government prohibit private individuals from exchanging pieces of paper saying "I owe you 5 ounces of gold", and force them to physically exchange the 5 ounces of gold instead? But if the government doesn't force them to physically exchange the gold, you have a money multiplier, and, in effect, privately minted fiat currency. And the related bubbles and crashes would also exist, as they have for centuries. Yeah, I think it's a good test for that reason. I personally would probably do badly on a complicated programming test--- I tend to program best when not in a room with other people, not being put on the spot, allowed to think while walking around outside and then return to a burst of coding, etc. But I could write a few lines of obvious code in pretty much any situation; there's a pretty big difference between peak performance and absolute minimal competence. It's hard to make analogies to other fields, but it feels sort of like a writing job not asking you to write an insightful philosophy essay on the spot (legitimately difficult), but just asking you to write a paragraph of grammatical English (anyone even remotely fit for the job should be able to do it). I'm not sure I'd consider it "almost nothing"; if your startup budget is $10k and ramen, it's a noticeable chunk of that. In California, it's $800 per year to keep an LLC incorporated, plus an extra $200 or so the first year in fees. In NYC, it's $1500 or so to set up an LLC. Some states are cheaper, though (Texas is a one-time $300). Or, you could just not pay those fees, and operate as a sole proprietor initially. If you don't have large savings, there's not really much risk; if you lose your $10k, declare bankruptcy and start over. To my knowledge, prgmr.com (VPS provider) was and is a one-person company that's profitable, though it has a few employees now. I don't know if he's an HN reader, though he hangs out in some of these kinds of circles. I believe it had a long (~2-3 year) bootstrapping process where he basically supported it out of income from his day job, which he described as "working for venture capital". Yeah, this has led to the odd situation in AI that reducing to SAT is how you show a problem is easy --- there's a whole cottage industry of people speeding up algorithms by reducing them to SAT, and it's often seen as a promising result for your computational tractability if you can do so. (And the biggest problems, when they arise, are usually actually in the reduction itself---it takes too damn long to write out the SAT problem. Once you've got the SAT problem written out, solving it is rarely an issue.) > I don't understand how people keep failing to understand monads. Maybe it's the line noise operator `>>=' ? For me at least, the mathematics line-noise is a bigger issue, and it made more sense once I ignored it. As a programming construct , monads seem quite understandable to me, even clever. But many of the explanations, especially earlier ones, started out with a type-theoretic explanation with links to category theory... In particular, I was under the misimpression for years, because of it being presented that way, that monads were essentially of interest only for people who were hung up on type-checking: that they were a solution to how to make the type-checking go through on a certain class of problems, by lifting an underlying type into the Monadic type and getting it back out again. As someone who mainly uses dynamically typed languages, this didn't seem of interest, since in Lisp, I don't care if the type-checking goes through or not. It was probably years later that I figured out they had some non-type-related programming benefit. Indeed, and marketers have been taking advantage of that quite well (the frequent-flyer mile system works much like the sorts of games he describes). There's something about their content feels fake, though. When I run across one of their pages in a search, it's not always terrible, but if I don't initially notice where I am, I sometimes get this weird feeling that the text I'm reading isn't quite right, and might not actually contain any information. It frequently has this pumping-out-words-to-fill-the-page feeling, very strongly reminiscent of high-school students' essays. there was a big discussion about this yesterday: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1141971 The first one gives me a bit of pause. It seems awfully close to saying that you should design around SEO--- designing for users sorta, but always with an eye to how you can "leverage" your users for SEO purposes. Doesn't that come close to suggesting you might make decisions that, if they were made without taking SEO into consideration, would be a clear loss for user experience, and are really not what your users want? edit: this comment was not correct, while parent and reply are; apologies for the confusion =] In an attempt to provide something non-incorrect, this is probably the simplest way in most imperative languages of doing a correct shuffle: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fisher–Yates_shuffle Well, much of this week's HN discussion, to my satisfaction at least, held up Mahalo as an example of what you don't want to do. ;-) To my mind, building a returning base of satisfied users ought to be the main goal: what is missing on the internet, and how can I provide it? That is, what's missing for actual users ? The other approach seems to teeter on the edge of the gray-hat SEO abyss. That's what I thought he was getting at, but near the beginning of the piece, he describes Basicland as "rich in all nature's bounty except coal, oil, and natural gas". But the U.S. has enormous coal deposits, and in the 19th and early 20th centuries was the world's largest oil producer. Its natural gas deposits aren't too shabby either. Thanks for the link; that made a lot more sense. The way Wired described it made it sound like the L1 minimization was almost irrelevant. The closest to a pseudocode I could get out of their article was something like: 1) apply an L1 minimization to do a first-cut noise reduction on some random noisy data; 2) apply an iterative algorithm to the result until convergence. That made it sound like all the magic was in the invention of some crazy algorithm for #2, which isn't really the case. It's actually surprisingly decent for the most part, one of the main positive changes scientific academic culture's made from traditional academic culture. If you look at 19th-century journals, you can always tell who has a Ph.D. or often even who's won various awards or been granted various honors, because they put all their titles and postnomials wherever they can. Some areas of the humanities still put authors' credentials in the author line and on their badges at conferences, but in most scientific journals you have no idea just by reading the paper which of the names are grad students vs. professors vs. research scientists. (One exception is the IEEE, which puts author bios with their academic pedigree and current position at the end of every paper, and attaches "IEEE Fellow" in the author list to those authors who are IEEE Fellows.) The business owners I've heard complaining don't usually allege that it was explicit extortion (or they would, as you point out, just record it and stick it online), but many feel like the unsolicited communications from Yelp asking if they'd like to pay have an extortiony feeling, sort of: nice Yelp ratings you've got there, I bet you'd love to keep them, eh? The step that's of course hard to prove is whether it makes any difference if the owners pay or not. Many feel that it does--- that things like results ordering, review ordering, which reviews are highlighted, etc., depend in subtle ways on who's paying vs. not. Even if that isn't true, the fact that it's kind of hard to tell why Yelp is displaying things the way it does feeds that sort of perception. Hmm, it appears there are quite a few proofs both ways here (this is one of them listed): http://www.win.tue.nl/~gwoegi/P-versus-NP.htm I'm somewhat ambivalent on this. I can see the motivation, but it does sometimes seem to drift into an overbearing cafe owner trying to socially engineer exactly what kind of culture they want their cafe to have. The local cafe here that banned laptops after 5pm to encourage more social evenings wasn't happy enough with the results, so subsequently also banned "studying" after 5pm, however you define that. The owner justified it by saying that his cafe wasn't a study hall, and there couldn't be a social scene in his cafe if it was overrun with college kids studying and doing homework. At some point it becomes kind of ridiculous to feel like you're being socially policed by the owner, and it's more pleasant to just visit other cafes that won't look over my shoulder deciding if I'm being social enough or not. I suppose this is why C++ uses introsort, which is basically a quicksort that churns for no more than O(n log n) steps before "bailing out" to a guaranteed O(n log n) algorithm like heapsort. That lets it get quicksort's in-practice-fast speeds on almost all inputs, while falling back to no worse than O(n log n) in the rare cases where quicksort would go quadratic (though it'll be worse in those rare cases, by a constant factor, than just running heapsort originally would've been). edit: http://www.cs.rpi.edu/~musser/gp/introsort.ps The direction seems backwards to me. Vague criminal laws have had the purpose and effect he describes for centuries . Before the current crop of vague criminal laws, people used to be brought up on charges like "tending to undermine the public morals". Yeah, in particular, Citi made it very unclear if "the challenges" Fabulis faced were in fact related to its blog postings, and what Citi's policy on that is. Was that merely a misunderstanding and the account was suspended for reasons unrelated to a blog? Was it suspended due to the blog but by an employee not acting in line with Citi policy? Or was there a Citi policy on that, and if so, has it been changed? It seems to have worked out for Fabulis (due in no small part, I expect, to the publicity), but they haven't given enough information for me to be confident that the root problem was solved. I think this article is partly arguing that employees should do exactly that, although it's nominally pitched at founders and CEOs. I read it as saying that early employees will not get rich under current compensation packages if the firm is acquired for $50m (the most likely exit), and if they think they will, they're deluding themselves. I think if it were widely known that early employees at startups that get bought do not make particularly significant amounts of money from the exit, it would decrease the number of people willing to work for startups, or at least, they would demand more up-front salary. A lot of people currently think the opposite is true--- based on the example of the rich early Google employees and such, they have a misunderstanding that early employees of a successful startup typically get significant payouts, while that's actually only true for massive IPOs, not for most exits. Isn't "you will be fired unless [x]" equivalent to demanding x? To use Slashdot's terminology, a lot of forum software uses "retroactive sigs" (loaded from a DB, so when you change it, it looks changed on all your previous posts too), as opposed to "sticky sigs" (which get added to the text of the post at post-time and thus don't change). If I'm reading it correctly, it looks like it also makes a difference how you approach the things you do have. They found that thinking about what it'd be like if you'd never met your significant other, for example, made you more happy than reminiscing about how you did meet him/her. It's not really supposed to, is it? There are plenty of parts that could make a profit, but we prefer the government providing stuff for free instead. For example, if the federal government were allowed to hold copyrights, it could make good money licensing all sorts of military photographs (WW2 photography alone would be worth quite a bit). And the rate for interstate highway travel that the market would bear is probably higher than $0.00/mile. Instead photographs are public domain, and highways are free. It depends on how common the minority is, yeah. In the days where DRM required you to insert the original game disc to verify it, a lot of legitimate purchasers of games got cracked copies too just to avoid the hassle of having to swap CDs. With the internet-based DRM, I think it depends on how many gamers have flaky internet connections, or play on laptops at places where there's no internet (e.g. on most trains, buses, and planes). There've been a decent number in the years in between too. Farecast (founded 2003, acquired 2008) and Twango (founded 2004, acquired 2007) come to mind as successful examples. Hmm, it seems that fortunately the damage, while significant, isn't as catastrophic as one might expect from an earthquake of that magnitude (7th-largest on record, if the 8.8 is confirmed). I don't understand these things too well, but besides Chile's relatively good infrastructure quality, it looks like the depth of the event, and the kind of ground/soil in the region, had something to do with it. For example, even though this was much stronger than the Haiti earthquake (8.8 v. 7.0), the Mercalli intensities are much lower: http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/pager/events/us/2010t... v. http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/pager/events/us/2010r... You can't really do that either in Haskell. Well, in theory you can, but in practice nobody has yet written a way to autoparallelize Haskell that actually gets you reasonable speedups, because it requires predicting which parts are worth parallelizing. Instead, the Haskell devs are mostly taking the same approach, of providing constructs for the programmer to explicitly write parallel code: http://www.haskell.org/ghc/docs/6.6/html/libraries/base/Cont... In particular, my impression is that outside of technical majors (CS, math, sciences, and engineering) the classic liberal-arts degrees can often be more valuable than one tied to the particular job. I've heard lots of places hiring for nominally "business" type jobs actually skeptical of people with BAs in Business, for example. I'm not sure there's a right answer on the whole. I wouldn't let some for-profit startup take up lots of my time on what amounts to free consulting, but you can err the other way easily. A lot of people overvalue their ideas, and while some are really a killer idea that maybe they should keep to themselves, I think on the whole "ideas are cheap". There are thousands of these idea-popcorn-machines. Hundreds of them are even bloggers, giving those ideas away for free--- and despite giving them away to anyone, most still won't pan out. It's not quite the same thing, but it's a common bit of advice given to junior faculty to basically give away as many ideas as possible. People sometimes think they have one or two great ideas that will make their career, but if you're at all plugged in you soon have literally hundreds of potentially great ideas, and the bottleneck is doing the work to see if they pan out. Nobody is going to pay you just for the raw ideas; it actually goes the other way, you have to pay people to try them out (which is why postdocs and research scientists get paid). I dunno, the grades are pretty subjective in a lot of majors. I'm TAing for a machine-learning / data-mining class right now, and the assignments aren't mostly ones with objectively correct answers (it'd be easier to grade if they were). Instead, I have to read their writeups and determine if they picked interesting problems and formulated coherent hypotheses; if they used algorithms suited to those problems and explained why; if they demonstrated knowledge of how choices in algorithms or parameters would affect their results; and if they knew how to interpret the results properly and use a mixture of graphs and prose to effectively convey them. It's possible it's less fuzzy, but there's still a good deal of fuzziness... The changes to the internationalized domain-name rules this document links to are particularly scary: http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr46/#Security_Considerations Some identical Unicode strings might resolve to different domains depending on what version of a browser you're using! The paper itself (even in the abstract) acknowledges that we already know that women are visually oriented, though, in the sense that attractiveness is related to receptivity to sexual propositions. The paper is a somewhat more modest investigation of whether facial attractiveness in particular is also predictive (it is), and does a decent survey of some of the issues and related literature. It's tricky to do, though, and I think in the US, only NYC has really come close. Even in Cambridge and Boston, most people still drive, partly because the transit takes a really long time from many parts of the city. And in San Francisco, an absolutely tiny city geographically (about 6 miles across), it's not much faster to take Muni than to walk at a brisk pace (Muni averages 8 mph). I've seen this rebuttal popping up as well, which was reasonably good: http://www.iftf.org/node/3384 It's surprisingly true that "everyone" is talking about this speech, among people who care about games, either pro or con. Seems to have captured a particular utopian/dystopian vision that's a nice conduit for debate. For translations from non-Latin scripts to English, I've seen people put up PNGs on Mechanical Turk, which seems hard to game--- OCR is usually bad for non-Latin languages, and people who don't know the script usually can't even retype it well enough to put it into Google Translate. Might not work well for alphabets that are easy to learn (Greek, Cyrillic), but if you put up a PNG of Arabic, you probably aren't going to get many non-Arabic-speakers who can do anything with it. I'm not sure this actually refutes a relationship between offshoring and manufacturing employment. It's possible it's purely a result of automation getting better, and would have happened identically with no major shifts of trade. But given that the increase in offshoring makes labor-intensive industries much cheaper to locate elsewhere, it's also possible that market forces have accelerated the U.S.'s shift to less-labor-intensive industries. That is, we haven't just automated existing industries as technology has gotten better, but have actively stopped manufacturing certain things that are hard to automate, even though there's still demand for them, because we can't compete with cheap labor. We then put our resources into manufacturing easier-to-automate things instead, which keeps total output high. If you break down the total manufacturing data and look at labor-intensive sub-sectors, you don't see the same upward trend in output. US textile manufacturing, for example, has totally collapsed, not just in employment but also in output. Hmm, not sure this is a great story of engineering-can-make-you-rich or anything of that sort. Officially he "got his start in gold", but as the article also notes, he's the son of one of Brazil's prominent industrialists, who also happens to be a high-level government minister (nice combination). He's making a fortune in being an industrialist. One suspects he may not be an entirely self-made man... The general idea's been around for a decade or so, and a new site starts up every few years aimed at it: http://www.google.com/search?&q=sell+gift+cards One problem is that a large portion of the market is already taken by eBay, which does a brisk business in gift cards: http://gift-certificates.shop.ebay.com/Gift-Certificates-/31... I don't think the disappearance of the "made by actual people" team feel is accidental: AAA games these days aren't made by a smallish team of people that you can actually portray to the user. The user thinks they're made by giant faceless corporations because they are ; there are literally hundreds of people, with multiple layers of management, who produce most modern AAA games. It's not like the System Shock team, or the mid-90s id team. I wonder if there's a smallish set of keywords that one could filter to get a less valley-drama-filled HN, with a higher percentage of that excellent tech content. Maybe filter out anything involving "calacanis" and "techcrunch" and see how it goes (though this particular post would be hard to catch, since the title only alludes to it). This seems like an oddly backwards take on blogging. Do you really start a blog solely because it's a way to flog your product? Not because you have things you want to say and want an outlet to say them in, without having to deal with finding a way to get yourself published in a magazine column or something? I can imagine sometimes it's a good choice even if your only goal is the sales/exposure your blog brings in, but it's not surprising to me that it would often not be. There are plenty of people, including quite a few smart ones, blogging just to say things that they want to say, so it's a fairly competitive market in which you're up against people who are willing to work for free, because they categorize blogging as something other than work. In fact, I'm not sure I really believe even he originally did it for that reason. Did he really start Joel on Software solely to be "a blog that actually generates leads, sales, and business success"? Or was it because in 2000 blogging was still relatively new, it seemed interesting, and he had a lot of things to say about software? I can't believe it wasn't at least a mixture of those. The detailed descriptions of the process in this article make for a sort of fascinating train wreck. On the one hand, the sheer scale of the operation is impressive. On the other hand, it seems to have this strange air of shoddiness. When I think of factory farming, I tend to think of a future age of hyperefficient farming, with cows milked by machines and everything precisely regulated. But this seems more like an age of very dense farming that is held together with duct tape and rusting bailing wire, not much of a sci-fi vision. I mean, huge lagoons of pig excrement with trucks falling into them? The interest for me is mainly in the view of this giant industrial process, and the surprising ways in which it isn't as efficient or streamlined as I would've expected. I can see how it's a bit outside the usual range, but for me it seems more technology focused than most of the TechCrunch articles that get linked, for example. Many researchers also have for-profit companies on the side, and care about whether the results they publish in their day job are good or bad press for those companies. (Especially common in biomed.) Is status.net a rebranding of laconica, or a fork of some sort? edit: looks like a rebranding http://status.net/2009/08/28/laconica-is-now-statusnet/ Not required (yet, anyway) simply to distribute software, but Apple's had the Apple Developer Connection for years, and membership in it was required to get some SDKs, early releases of products, some technical support, and listing in the Macintosh Product Guide, among other things. I suppose I do want to write and read specific platforms, and it annoys me when people have stuff auto-propagate in ways that, as the grandparent mentions, are tone-deaf to the platform, like tweets auto-pushed as Facebook status updates, while totally failing to respect the conventions of Facebook status updates as a medium of discourse (you don't use #hashtags on Facebook, for example, and it's common to exceed 140 chars). Constraint matters, and different constraints produce different forms of media. (I'm a big fan of McLuhan on this.) A strangely prosaic failure. A large portion of the entries there seem to be the on-call engineer simply trying to figure out what the failover procedure actually is. Once he finally gets a copy of it, it takes 16 minutes to get back up: 9:53 AM - After engineering team consultation with the relevant engineers, now online, the correct unplanned failover procedure operations document is confirmed, and is ready to be used by the oncall engineer. The actual unplanned failover procedure for reads and writes begins. 10:09 AM - The unplanned failover procedure completes, without any problems. Traffic resumes serving normally, read and write. App Engine is considered up at this time. It's pretty standard among ecommerce companies to store the CVV code though, isn't it? Amazon, PayPal, and Google Checkout all do. For the most part though, tuition doesn't pay for curriculum in the sciences. For good professors, >100% of their salary is paid for by grants they bring in, not tuition. The tuition goes to pay for other things, like the school's bureaucracy, athletic facilities, extracurricular activities, gardening, janitorial staff, and subsidizing the humanities, all of which don't have much to do with developing science curricula. The possessive thing actually varies according to stylebooks. The Chicago Manual of Style says to use 's in this circumstance (doesn't fall into one of its exceptions for when to omit the 2nd s), and the MLA Handbook says to always use 's for possessives of singular nouns. Ah the subsequent-transactions thing must be it then. I know I've only had to enter my CVV the first time I've used most online shopping sites, so I assumed they just stored it. I don't think everyone finds it "incredibly nice". There is strong social pressure from a lot of minority groups for people who "belong" to the group to conform to certain social expectations with regard to the group. If they don't, they're often seen as essentially race traitors, and there's lots of abuse directed at them. This is even true for non-physically-noticeable subgroups, e.g. Russian-Americans who choose not to associate with the Russian-American community or its institutions, but it's worse for people who are visibly part of a subgroup that they choose not to be an active part of. I don't see anything "passive" about the AGPL. It's pretty clearly: you may use my code, but only if you release any changes you make to it when you use a modified version in any public guise at all, even on the server side. I don't see anything wrong with a condition like that. If you don't like it, you're free to negotiate proprietary licensing terms with the author, or write your own, or find other software. It's certainly no worse than the license most startups use, "All Rights Reserved". That's what I do, but it's enough of a hassle that I'm not far from going to a full block list. The main problem is that, perhaps on purpose, ad networks use pretty random URLs that make it hard to block particular ads. If, say, Evony ads all included the string "evony" in the URL, it'd be a lot easier to selectively block them. Hmm, if you mean people opposing the very concept of advertising, then I agree, most people don't. But I hear complaints about the increasingly offensive/intrusive nature of online ads in particular from pretty much everyone I know, including elderly relatives. I think a lot more people would use AdBlock if they knew it existed / knew how to install it. It seems perfectly fair to me on all sides. It's the user's right to modify their browser to load/display only portions of content on their computer if they want; it's website providers' right to display users different content if they do so; and it's the users' right to avoid visiting and linking to the website if they do that. All sides come out having some reasonable points and some entitled-kids feeling IMO. In particular, the "wahh, my ads were blocked" websites sound a lot like the RIAA at times (though Ars avoids most of the more annoying rhetoric), attempting to blame someone else for the fact that their business model no longer works, instead of finding a new business model. If you're going to make a TV comparison, I'd say it's more like people who own a TiVO. From some spot-checking, ads are around 1/2 the bandwidth typically at major websites, not "a tiny fraction". Flash ads are the main culprit, because a single one can be pretty large, so the problem could be partly solved by just blocking Flash ads instead of all ads. Mechanical Turk sometimes has well-paying jobs, though it's less common than it used to be, and they usually disappear quickly. But I've made ~$30/hr on it before doing things that the requester grossly overestimated the going rate for. Admittedly, jobs paying effectively $3/hr are much more common. Even accounting for employees being costs, though, the valuations seem like they must be based mainly on a prediction that either Google is going to grow a lot, or those other companies are going to shrink. Wal-Mart and IBM both make around 2x Google's annual profits, for example (around $13.5b each vs. $6.5b). It's a broader philosophical issue in the history of ideas, also: when should an inventor get credit for inventing something, and how much credit, and how do we know? Some inventions were truly amazing insights, where if the inventor hadn't come up with them, the world would probably have been without that invention for decades, if it ever got it. But many inventors essentially anticipate history by only a few months or even weeks: they get to an idea that, given progress on subsidiary technologies, was getting to the point where it was obvious to anyone in the field, but they get there just ever-so-slightly earlier than everyone else, so win the race, but don't really change history much as a result. Doesn't this have, as a huge issue in the critical path, someone solving the holy grail of the past 15 years: actually getting a micropayments service off the ground? It needs to work, to be not so much of a hassle for people to use that they won't bother, to have fees low enough that they don't swallow all the cash, and to have enough of a critical mass of people who already have accounts so there isn't a hurdle to sign up to some new obscure service just to donate your $0.05... There's a Starcraft AI competition at a conference in Palo Alto this fall, which is probably the hardest in this category of competitions (playing a full Starcraft game well is pretty nontrivial), though there are also three categories for restricted versions of the game: http://eis.ucsc.edu/StarCraftAICompetition I'm not sure how much suffering was done, but as far as artists maintaining cheap living arrangements so they can focus on their art without having to earn much income, that's not exactly a myth. From French Impressionist painters living in garrets, to 80s punk rockers living in cheap lofts, it's a pretty common way of self-funding art production... Seems particularly troublesome because of cascading failure, not just when deliberately deleting your own account. Facebook regularly suspends accounts for all sorts of reasons, and I'm not sure there's enough transparency and oversight in why and how they do it, and what the process is for getting access restored, to trust them as an general-purpose authentication gatekeeper. Besides pure looks, I think it's somewhat of a proxy for a set of culture/background elements that are hard to capture. There are explicit ones like "religion" and "interests", but then there's sort of a vague, "what sort of community did you grow up in?". Sometimes something other than ethnicity dominates there, e.g. if you grew up in a Mormon community, or a socialist commune, but for many people ethnicity, for better or worse, correlates pretty well with similarity of background/experiences. Twitter can also suspend your account for strange reasons, though: http://www.bogost.com/blog/cascading_failure.shtml Perhaps we need a "designers from hell". I'd put somewhere up there: typography geek who insists on paying absurd sums for typefaces because they're so amazing . But at least "insists on making your whole site in Flash" seems to be on its way out. there was a bit of discussion on this yesterday: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1173058 A big drawback I find is that this sort of ease is only true if there is a LaTeX stylesheet already in exactly the format you want. Not all conferences provide LaTeX stylesheets, in which case you have a huge hassle, because the stylesheet language for making your own is terrible. I agree, and I wish search engines would do a better job giving me relevant static content, even old content, when it really is the best content out there. The worst example seems to be anything to do with music, where old-school fan sites or official artists' sites are still the best source of information typically, but somehow are buried in search results beneath ring-tone-laden garbage. If I search for something like bandname songname lyrics , why do I get junky lyrics sites, instead of lyrics from the official site or fan sites? Example of bad results: http://www.google.com/search?q=sisters+of+mercy+first+and+la... Should've been: http://www.thesistersofmercy.com/lyrics/fla.htm A lot more details here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blood_Falls I suspect Amazon could've notified Associates ahead of time, but declined to do so in order to cause maximum damage to them, thus maximum outrage / political benefit for Amazon. Reminds me of http://whytherearenogirls.blogspot.com/ (Which, it seems, also noticed this same SF Weekly story.) You can have your own place without roommates without moving to the suburbs, can't you? Say, by getting your own apartment? Having an intermediate bytecode also makes it easier to support more architectures in a reasonably consistent manner: for architectures where you don't have a bytecode->asm compiler, you can fall back on interpreting the bytecode (as TraceMonkey currently does). With V8, the direct targeting of architecture-specific asm means you have no support at all on architectures that V8 doesn't yet target--- or you'd have to support them through a different Javascript stack entirely, like falling back to TraceMonkey, which would be harder to keep consistent. Of course, Mozilla could go the Chrome route and drop support for everything except x86, x86-64, and ARM. But for the moment at least, they appear interested in keeping at least the Linux version available on PowerPC, SPARC, and other architectures. It's not all that difficult to screw things up enough to require a reformat, either, or at least to make a reformat the easiest solution. I think of myself as pretty tech-savvy, and I've had to reinstall Windows before because I somehow borked my registry. Maybe I'm odd, but I am actually rather afraid of breaking software, at least at the system-level. I'm not at all afraid of writing software, or breaking apps , but I really don't like my entire OS being borked, and I try to avoid poking at it for fear that it will become so. This is mostly from experience of things actually breaking in hard to fix ways if you poke them the wrong way. Back when I used Windows mainly, I probably reinstalled 4 or 5 times because of something somehow being screwed up and there being no apparent way to fix it that was easier than just reformatting. Linux tends to give you more diagnostic information (you can google for error messages), and I've never had to outright reformat/reinstall, but it can still be a real hassle if you screw up your system. Early in my Linux-using days (circa 2002), my Debian installation somehow managed to get apt into an inconsistent state that required a lot of manual fixing to repair. And I'm still somewhat afraid of upgrading anything in the kernel/modules/X.org/videodrivers bundle, because I've more than once ended up with hours of debugging after an upgrade resulted in stuff not working together (this was worse before Debian improved its process for handling binary video drivers within the apt framework). See also: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1176039 What's the point of nofollowing the Amazon link? I could be wrong, but I believe Google will still look at the link even if it doesn't follow it, and still factor it into the "does this site have too large a proportion of affiliate links?" calculation. I don't see any particular aversion to buying games among Linux users, at least more than among Mac or Windows users. Linux users actually account for substantially larger proportions of indie-game sales than Linux marketshare would predict: http://www.koonsolo.com/news/linux-users-show-their-love-for... Having the office hours be two hours a day every day, as opposed to, say, having two days a week of office-hour days, seems pretty inefficient from a commute perspective, unless everyone lives next door to your office. Part of the advantage of not having to go in every day is not having to commute there every day. I also personally find frequent interruptions in my ability to manage my own schedule pretty damaging. If I know I'm going to have to be somewhere 1-3pm on Wednesday, I will probably not get anything done Wednesday morning, either, in anticipation of being interrupted: http://www.paulgraham.com/makersschedule.html I think that's a typical urban dweller looking down at the suburbs sort of thing, not necessarily specific to dating. You'd find the same thing from Manhattanites who find out you live in Queens or (god forbid) Long Island. I guess I don't see where it reduces the distractions. 90%+ of my distractions at home and at work are the same, involving the internet, getting up to make tea/coffee, getting lunch, etc. The office even adds new ones, like coworkers making smalltalk. For me, the main reason is that latex has the academic-focused templates that matter to me: the conferences I submit to provide latex stylesheets. If I were to use anything else, I'd be stuck rolling my own. Oddly, that's been litigated more than you'd think, including in the context of links ("deep linking"): http://www.wilmerhale.com/publications/whPubsDetail.aspx?pub... We also lose a useful term if we define it that broadly, though. It's not only an economic system, but a complete political/economic system that comes with a set of aesthetics and a particular focus on nationalism, a strong state, and a strong leader. Just government control of nominally private enterprises is much more common than fascist regimes; it'd also include the UK in the heydey of the East India Company, modern-day China, and even to some extent modern-day France. Yeah, I think it's a nice way to go for blogs that have built up some amount of story/philosophy/content that might be interesting to an audience that wasn't following from the beginning. If you've never heard of some blog that's well-known in a niche area, and someone points you to it in its 8th year as representative of a particular philosophy, it's nearly impossible to catch up--- you're stuck digging through thousands of blog posts, some of which are important and others of which were just the usual one-off bloggy things (e.g. links to a YouTube video). There's actually an academic philosopher whose blog I follow who tends to get exasperated that commenters misinterpreted some point he made 300 blog posts ago, or clearly must be unfamiliar with his work because he already discussed this question 250 posts ago. I always end up thinking, well if you would just write that stuff up into book... . I've also seen books that are literally the blog entries put onto dead trees, though, in original, unedited sequential order, which is definitely not the way to go. Nothing hugely Ruby-specific here, but this is a nice, readable high-level overview of how to integrate a JIT into a dynamic language. At the very lightweight end of the scale, one of the more popular ones is blosxom: http://blosxom.sourceforge.net/ Development has been mostly dormant for the past year or two, though, so there are a bunch of forks, one of which is: http://toroid.org/ams/loathsxome That joke actually reminds me of a more common counter-joke: when an economics professor sees money on the street, he doesn't pick it up, because it can't really be there This is a pretty good take on the subject. The basic problem is that the science of psychiatry, like most sciences, can give you facts, not make normative judgments. If you want to know why one person is like one thing, and another person is like something else, science might be able to find out. But there is no scientific test to distinguish characteristics that are "normal" from those that are "illness", as the shifting classification of homosexuality makes painfully clear. It's a philosophical question, at root. The fact that we don't actually do the philosophizing, and instead "resolve" it by holding committee votes in the APA, is a bit of a problem, though. I actually wish a lot of papers in my area (speaking as a grad student) had more novel-like writing and were less hung-up on seeming formal. I've been reading a bunch of logic papers lately, mainly to mine techniques and ideas for an application-oriented use of logic that my thesis is built on, and the papers parcel out concepts so slowly, and fail to explain any intuition about them, that it's pretty slow going. It's like 90% proofs that I don't care about (put them in an appendix) and 10% actual content I might want to read. I can buy that, and the linguistic analogy is pretty interesting. I do think it's at least a plausible question to ask philosophically: is there a coherent concept of "mental illness" and came we come up with some criteria for it? But certainly the concept people use is a descriptive one: people who are really far outside the social conception of normality are almost universally considered mentally ill (many types of psychosis, for example), others are on the borderline, and others are universally considered normal. I think there's a difference between neglecting people and actively manipulating them by faking friendship. Isn't always necessarily a good way to stay ahead, either, unless you never guess wrong. If one of those little people you fake-befriended and then got rid of ends up in a position where you need something from them in the future, you're screwed. A lot of people end up in random places you might not expect, and often remember how people treated them when they were "unimportant". I wish this site spent more time on issues than on rhetoric. "Amazon tax", the "left-wing" bogeyman, the "lap-dog" liberal media bogeyman, etc. Are you using Chrome on Linux by any chance? GigaOM pages never load for me on Chrome 4.0.249.43 on Linux--- they just look like they're loading forever, then Chrome eventually pops up the "this tab died" message. Works fine in FF though. It's a somewhat controversial practice, but one solution many people use is to quote a lower hourly rate, but bill hours based more on a guess of what "normal" hours for the work would be (minus a percentage to make yourself look extra fast), instead of how long it actually took you. So if the customer thinks some job will take 10 hours, but you can actually do it in 1 hour, instead of trying to convince them that $5X/hr is a great rate given your productivity, just bill them for 5 hours at $X/hr. They'll still feel like they got a great deal, because they were expecting to pay for 10 hrs for the job. The smoothness is part of it for me. If planes had no takeoff/landing, no significant banks, and no turbulence, but just straight-ahead, smooth-air cruising, I could see them being decently relaxing. Not formatting exclusively as a blog might help. In Ye Olden Statick HTML Days, sites with mainly essay-like content usually had some sort of organization: by topic, by theme, by importance, or some combination. They often also had a reverse-chronological list of essays on a page called "updates" or "recent additions" or "sorted by date" or something similar, but it wasn't the only or even primary way of displaying the content, and some sites didn't have an updates page at all. But blogs, including Joel's, display the "updates" page as if it were the main website. There are sometimes other views, like by tag, or on Joel's by topic in the sidebar, but they're positioned as clearly secondary, just pointers into the primarily-chronological blog. They aren't the default display, and posts are still prominently formatted with the date, as if they were journal entries--- on Joel's blog, the posting date is even on the same line as the title, in font that's just as big. I think it depends on the particular kind of pigment. Purple berries typically stay purple when cooked, which is why blackberry pie is still purple, and eggplants stay purple also. Beets turn red, though, since the purple pigment degrades while the red one doesn't. Not sure where purple tomatoes would fall. Some googling turns up anthocyanin as the pigment, and Wikipedia says it's water-soluble (so would leach out if the fruit is boiled and the water not retained), and changes color based on pH. I prefer the somewhat more general term procedural literacy to programming literacy . I don't think the main issue is knowledge of particular programming constructs, so much as a general ability to think in terms of, "how would I conceptualize this problem so that I could make a computer do it?" It's things like thinking in terms of repetition , or values or control flow or composition , or even just sequences that I think are the fundamental literacy elements. I think someone who could reliably give detailed instructions in English, with nothing left vague / up to "common sense", would have the basics of the kind of literacy at issue, even if they had never programmed a computer. More: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&q=%22procedural+... It is, but impossible-to-police fraud, as long as you actually are delivering a reasonable amount of work for the claimed hours. It's essentially using a fixed-price-per-project model disguised as an hourly rate: promising to do it in 5 hours at $50/hr is equivalent to charging $250 for the project, and the purchaser can decide in either case if $250 is worth it. This falls on both sides, imo. With it being so easy to send out hundreds of "e-vites", as opposed to the effort/expense involved in sending nicely printed or handwritten invitations by mail, I can't be sure that the invitation was actually intended specifically for me, with any modicum of thought involved, as opposed to just being an email blasted out to someone's entire address book. So I tend to only respond to the ones where either I actually am going, or I have some reason to believe the sender wanted me in particular to come or give regrets if I can't (e.g., if it's a close friend, or I know I'm part of a smallish group of invitees). I do agree that not RSVPing and still showing up is a breach of etiquette; a non-response ought to be treated as an implicit no, imo. But to help that along, it does pay to make sure to explicitly request an RSVP fairly prominently. Among the flurry of emails I get, an invitation that requires an RSVP, versus an open invitation that I can just show up to or not, aren't always that easy to distinguish (for example, I don't have to RSVP to show up to visiting speakers that my university sends me email "invites" to). Maybe it's petty, but some of the phrases annoy me: Twitter 2.0 ...what industry researchers call, 'The Network Effect' (that phrase in this usage is 50+ years old and commonplace, not some sort of discovery by "industry researchers") ...a place for brands, links and affiliates (if that were true, there would be no reason to use Twitter at all) That'd fall into "it's a close friend, or I know I'm part of a smallish group of invitees", so I'd respond to that, yeah. Andrew Gordon has a history of pretty interesting work this area, and is probably one of the best researchers in the overlap of symbolic knowledge representation, data-mining, and pragmatic approaches to commonsense-reasoning problems--- areas that often like to resist overlapping. This sounds like the sort of work he's as well placed as anyone to do. As a commenter on the linked article points out, it's "epistemologically unsound" to mine data in this way, and not even humans really understand causality. And yet, as that comment misses, humans are able to make routine use of casual inferences, even though we don't "really" understand causality, and we acquire our causal information in ways that are almost certainly epistemologically unsound (people do not usually use careful scientific experiments in building their everyday models of how the world works). Even uneducated and very young humans can do stuff along those lines that'd be amazing for AI to be able to do! It'll be interesting to see if approaches like this one can help computers pragmatically acquire similar levels of proficiency about causal relationships, as an alternative to, say, large databases of consistent, carefully hand-authored facts like Cyc. His page: http://people.ict.usc.edu/~gordon/ Is the interactive thing being big a recent development? Back when I lived in Texas (1996-2000), I thought of it as a film/music festival, and didn't know it even had a tech component. Yeah, but the usual case is still to throw stuff like that on a spare "random odds and ends go here" server, not a production one whose performance/responsiveness you care about. Not to mention that our SXSW interlocutor in question is herself a member of the privileged, white group, and therefore presumably at least partly suspect. I think it's also only recently that the interactive part has been big at all. Not entirely sure, but it feels like 2007 or 2008 was the first year it was one of those big all-the-cool-kids-in-SF-must-fly-to-Austin deals. Certainly the late-90s SXSWs didn't have anyone flying there for the tech content (though plenty were flying there for the music and films). I like this idea on the whole, but isn't it using a bit too much of the branding/trademarks/etc. of the company they left? You can make factual statements about your former work, like "I used to be part of the Garmin Connect team", but this is verging on taking the name with it, with a no-longer-Garmin-affiliated organization still calling themselves the "Garmin Connect team", using Garmin Connect material (logos, demo videos, etc.) extensively on their site, etc. As a now ex-Garmin set of engineers, they can't really advertise their services using Garmin's name, though it can be listed as relevant experience. I'm not sure this is a reliable way to get an identity behind all of your users. It was reliable back when Facebook required .edu email addresses, but these days there are huge numbers of fake profiles, and it's easy to create a throwaway profile if you need one to sign up for a site. Yes. Any work that counts as a "derived work" of GPL'd software must be licensed under the GPL. I would think a direct port is almost certainly a derived work. which would put it at around $12 of sandwiches in today's money, according to miscellaneous online inflation calculators As a nitpick, this isn't actually true: "Before the advent of computers, katakana was never used to write entire sentences." There were quite a few books written entirely in katakana in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, since it was seen as more accessible to the uneducated poor. Japanese socialists in particular tended to use katakana as an anti-elitist gesture. For a while there was even an active reform movement aiming to abolish kanji entirely, similar to the one in Korea that successfully abolished Chinese characters there in favor of the phonetic Hangul (the Korean switch happened in the 1890s, a time when the Japanese debate was also particularly heated). Hebrew does, but only really because it imported it from modern European languages recently. Classical Hebrew and the religious Hebrew of the middle ages didn't have much in the way of punctuation, but when it was revived in the 19th century as a living language by European Zionists, it borrowed (adapted versions of) the punctuation common to European languages of the time. PG articles are not scripture that you can just link to a quote from to end debate, you know. =] I do think it's legitimate to look at sources for articles, especially when there are strong conflicts of interest. The rest of the article seems to make some rather dubious strong claims, also. For example: "High frequency traders can only trade profitably when their trades push a stock price towards fair value." I don't see why there's any particular reason that's true. High-frequency traders can trade profitably whenever their trades are in line with (very) short-term price movements. Ideally everything works together to push prices towards fair value, but you can't assume that as an axiom, since that's the main point being disputed in that section (the one on volatility). Thanks for the correction! For some reason I had thought the change to Hangul was earlier and more complete than it actually appears to be. The fact that I mostly encounter Korean online, where as you note it's almost exclusively Hangul, might be part of the reason for that perception. Some is just misuse of statistics, but there are some stronger claims from various corners that the general meta-procedure is unsound. In particular, scientists get to pick among a number of different statistical tests, and scientific results using very different choices of statistical frameworks then end up aggregated: someone finds out X about heart attacks using method y , and someone else finds out X' using method z , and now medicine is said to know both X and X' . More formally, most attempts to "lift" statistical inference into logical inference are unsound. A lot of scientists have, at least informally, a mixed model of: we acquire facts statistically (via e.g. hypothesis tests), then once we have those facts, we reason about them logically (using the usual rules of logical argument). But if you try to formalize this, e.g. building a system that derives facts from data by statistical hypothesis testing, and then uses first-order logical inference on the resulting fact base, you quickly get paradoxes. I guess it depends on your goals; I'm not sure there are really "normal" numbers. Some stuff explodes overnight, some grows over years. Some sites have relatively few, very profitable visitors; others a ton of less-profitable visitors. Some sites get all their traffic from word of mouth, others from Google, others from direct links. One first cut would be, is your main motivation profit or influence? Optimizing for readers who read your articles and then apply or disseminate what they read isn't quite the same as optimizing for ad revenue. Another one would be: do you intend to build a community around the site or not? As a pay-for-service approach, it seems reasonable: you say you need some data, the appropriate people come up with it in the format you want, and you pay and get the data. But the Amazon-like angle seems odder to me: How will each of the bits of structured information manage to be sold more than once? Since most isn't copyrightable, anyone can buy a copy and then put it up online for free. I could go buy that Wal-Mart Store Locations data set for $30 right now, and publish it on my blog. Are you hoping EULAs will be enough to prevent this, or just that in practice it won't happen enough to matter, or people won't notice that the data is free online and continue buying it anyway? Why would they need a plugin for this? Surely a "don't track me" cookie would suffice? While it's possible to stay in San Francisco, the YC stuff is all in Mountain View, I believe, which is about an hour away from SF by car or train. It's also cheaper to stay in Mountain View or elsewhere in the Valley than in SF. It simply isn't true that $120k/year is the average programmer's salary in SF. That's near the high end of programmer salaries, especially if you're young (programmers in their 20s rarely get >$90k). To be fair to CS programs, though, that's true of most areas that have significant practical components. A straight-out-of-college chemical engineer is not going to be able to provide immediate valuable work on a Dow Chemical plant; they need to learn all sorts of things first. One difference might be that Dow expects this more than companies hiring programmers do. The headline is a little hyperbolic--- all it says is that he turned down a $45,000 offer 5 years ago, and hasn't gotten any more unsolicited offers since. I'm not sure you can extrapolate to concluding that if 4chan was put up for auction today, it would fetch only $45,000. He seems to care enough to post in nearly every HN thread that mentions him, often pretty defensively, unlike those other people you mentioned... A copout answer, but "it depends". For some tech startups, especially those hoping for funding, Silicon Valley with its strong networking/community/etc. is probably ideal. But for others, especially self-funded ones, somewhere with much cheaper living expenses might be a better tradeoff. Depends on personal style also. Do you find it useful/necessary to get inspiration and support from regular meatspace meetups with people with similar interests, e.g. hanging out at a place like the Hacker Dojo? Or are you more the sort of person who gets that sort of interaction from irc, mailing lists, IM, forums, and so on, and doesn't much care about irl meetings? You need more than just profits, though; you also need all the equity. If you run a profitable company but are beholden to investors, you still don't have complete freedom, though they might give you more leeway than if you were losing money. That set of use cases (adding semantics for resource modification to HTTP) is pretty much what WebDAV was designed for, wasn't it? To me, if the intent and main effect are to basically trick people into paying for something they don't really want, it's at least sleazy, if not outright dishonest. There are legitimate uses for trial offers, so it's a bit of a judgment case, and I think depends to a large extent on just how clearly the terms are communicated. In particular, it should be very clear to customers of average sophistication exactly what will be rebilled, and exactly what they need to do to avoid the rebill if they'd like to cancel--- and the cancelling should be easy. Yeah, at most this seems like something to use occasionally , to be more alert despite being sleep-deprived. Possibly an alternative to just piling on caffeine. But I would definitely not read it as a technique for reducing the amount of sleep you "need", since sleep is a lot more than simply a thing that decrements your drowsiness meter. Twenty-minute power naps don't do fun things like memory consolidation, for example. FWIW, here's an opinion (2004) from the U.S. Dept. of Labor on the subject, setting out the six criteria that the linked article alludes to: http://www.dol.gov/whd/opinion/FLSANA/2004/2004_05_17_05FLSA... It seems fairly stringent, essentially excluding any unpaid internship where the interns are, at least primarily, doing real work for the benefit of the company. And that opinion was from the Bush DoL, so I can't imagine the interpretation has gotten any more lenient since then. Why the flurry of submissions on the exact same subject, instead of picking one or two good links, or writing up a blog post or Tell HN consolidating them? I think you'd need something of a revolution in transport infrastructure to serve a Brooklyn that was the size of New Hampshire. With the current Brooklyn, the longest public-transit trips, if you're very unlucky with where you're going to/from, are about 90 minutes, and most are around 30 mins. But if you just organically grew out the same infrastructure to a Brooklyn the size of New Hampshire, it would take 5+ hours to get from one side of New Brooklyn to another. I think he was trying to be funny also, but I've seen some articles more or less blaming "goddamn aspies" for women's aversion to CS, which seems to be getting pretty close to some variety of bigotry. Of course, it's not clear if the bigotry is coming from women actually avoiding CS for such reasons, or just from people writing such articles. Are there any pros/cons to this approach versus rdiff-backup?: http://www.nongnu.org/rdiff-backup/ Do patterns of brain activation not count as an "objective" difference to them? The effects of many placebos are clearly visible on MRI. This is a recent one from Science that got a good amount of press when it came out: http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/abstract/326/5951/404 An intriguing idea. As someone pointed out, it wouldn't really be "open source", since it includes a restriction on reuse that all the major definitions of free software and open source (the FSF's, Debian's, OSI's) would considered impermissible. But it could be called something else. It's sort of the flip-side of the "non-commercial use only" licenses: commercial-use only, with a definition of what minimum level constitutes sufficiently commercial use. One practical problem is that it seems it'd only work within relatively stable, narrowly defined markets. The specified minimum price may make no sense if someone takes the code and uses it to make an app in a different market, or on a different platform. Yeah, but that makes the award itself somewhat superfluous: giving recognition to research that's already widely recognized. It's true that it's quite well-settled that California can't nullify federal laws, but they can reduce the overall effectiveness of marijuana prohibition by repealing California 's laws against marijuana possession, since most drug offenses are currently prosecuted in state courts under state law. If it wanted to go a step further, California could also prohibit the use of state resources and police to enforce the federal laws: while states often assist in enforcing federal laws, well-established "anti-commandeering" doctrine holds that the federal government can't force them to do so. Since California can't nullify federal law, the DEA could still conduct raids in California, but if California's police didn't assist at all, and California courts weren't available for prosecutions, enforcement would be quite low. Yeah, I think China would avoid doing anything that looked like an outright hostile act, like dumping all its reserves simultaneously. If they did so, and the U.S. considers it a hostile act rather than merely commercial maneuvering, there are a pretty wide range of options to retaliate, which makes it something of a M.A.D. scenario. Among other things, the U.S. could void the $1t of outstanding Treasury bonds held by China, seize the assets of Chinese companies in the US, and/or ban imports from China. I think both countries would fare pretty poorly from an all-out economic/trade war, even if it didn't spill over into actual hostilities (there are edge scenarios where you can imagine e.g. an angry U.S. recognizing Taiwan's independence in retaliation). Yeah, I still see it as more of a tech demo. The underlying infrastructure for distributed real-time editing is pretty amazing (at least, as far as I can glean from what they've written about it), but the particular webapp they built on top of it at wave.google.com is somewhat underwhelming. If your Google Reader account is linked to a Google Account that's on Buzz, you get all this sharing whether you want it or not. The solutions seem to be: 1) disable Buzz; or 2) create a separate Google Account specifically to use with Reader. Yeah, I was confused by this. Why is deletion not still O(n)? The back pointer doesn't gain you anything, because you can just drag along a temporary "last next" pointer when you're scanning to find the element to delete, which you have to do either way, so the s-list is asymptotically no slower at deletion--- O(n) to find the element to delete, and O(1) to delete it. I think he's complaining about the other direction--- other people's feeds being shared with him, polluting the "All Items" view with items shared by his Buzz contacts, while he'd rather just see his own subscribed feeds there. Apparently you can't turn that off without disabling Buzz entirely. The general take-away is hard to argue with, I suppose: there are lots of reasons to start a company, and when making decisions, you should take into account which of the reasons are yours instead of just blindly following conventional wisdom. But it does seem like pretty well-trodden ground: surely by now we are all aware that you don't have to go the big-scaling-up/huge-VC-funding/looking-for-an-exit-in-5-yrs route, if you don't want to? Does Apple's approval process actually have that effect, though? The feedback I'm hearing from game devs is the exact opposite of that with Nintendo: Apple lets basically anything through, so long as it doesn't run afoul of a few specific criteria (no porn, no embedded scripting, etc.), regardless of quality. That makes the marketplace as a whole sort of a sludge of junk where it's hard to differentiate yourself--- in contrast to Nintendo's WiiWare, which only releases games that Nintendo considers good enough. These actually seem mainly like bad examples of infographics to me. I would concede that many are quite attractive ways of presenting the data, but I could only see liking them as an aesthetically pretty way of showcasing data I already know about. For those where I didn't have any idea what the data was, trying to actually read these infographics---you know, getting the info out of them, supposedly their purpose---is a real pain in the ass, much worse than traditional, simpler visualizations. This one, for example, might be fine as art, something to put on a poster for Bob Dylan fans to buy, but it sure is infuriating to try to derive information from: http://www.flickr.com/photos/sergio28/2482933134/ This is in general one of my long-running dislikes of web-based stuff as compared to the Usenet, email-list, and BBS Echomail stuff that preceded it. In all those, I could mark or delete stuff I'd already read, while with web forums, I have to exert mental effort to remember which posts, comments, or threads I've already read. For health care as a "customer", I think I like it. I'd rather have some assembly-line style automatons applying empirically validated flow-chart medicine than old-style generalist doctors going off their gut instinct. Sure, sometimes you really need some critical thinking, but 95%+ of medicine is routine, and more liable to be screwed-up than helped by someone going off-script. Going even further, I'd be happy to see computers do more routine medical work. It's been 35 years since the system MYCIN beat most physicians in its (admittedly narrow) area of competence, and yet we still have huge amounts of automatable stuff being done by fallible humans attempting to recall something out of a med-school textbook. Do they really even have a trademark case here? It seems there's very little likelihood of confusion between "Facebook Purity", a Greasemonkey script, and "Facebook", a social-networking website. If it were a violation, then the hundreds of Greasemonkey scripts that use the trademarked names "Wikipedia" and "Google" in their titles, to indicate that they somehow change the display of Wikipedia and Google, respectively, must also be running afoul of trademark law. I guess it depends on what they're doing with it. I'm not particularly against scraping per se, but I would look askance at some of the more sleazy uses, like just republishing (slightly modified versions of) blog posts on some AdSense-laden blog as if it were their own post. The key issues to me are: 1) transformativity, i.e. it produces something genuinely new and different from the content it scraped; and 2) proper credit to the source of the original content. Looks interesting! As someone who's been considering using Blosxom (when I finally get around to it), this is definitely relevant to my interests. Are there things in particular that you didn't like about Blosxom that Ode does differently? Put another way: if I were choosing tomorrow between Ode and Blosxom, apart from Blosxom not being (apparently) actively developed, what would be reasons to pick one or the other? I agree on the last part there that there is lots the average person doesn't know. But one can also easily overestimate the knowledge specialists have, as they often don't have that knowledge either. Most doctors I know shudder at the thought of entrusting their lives to many of their med-school colleagues, and will off-the-record go on and on about how many doctors are 10+ years out of date with their knowledge of current medical literature, and how much cargo-cult "well this is how we do things" medicine is still prevalent, despite the attempts of EBM to wipe it out. Most also recommend that I do my own research before believing any doctor, though that isn't the advice they give their own patients. I don't think it would necessarily be the case that a smart person with access to a good library couldn't do a better job self-diagnosing for a wide variety of routine conditions, especially since they would be willing to put in more research than the average doctor does. We're not talking about performing your own heart surgery, but more like the 80%+ of cases where the correct thing to do is a relatively routine decision that depends more on diligence in research and being informed about current best practices, than on any specialized skill. There are computer programs that can outperform the average physician in many areas (though not necessarily the top doctors; but you aren't likely seeing the top doctors, either). The self-diagnoser also has one key advantage, in that they are (presumably) only interested in their own well-being, not in defensive medicine and fear of malpractice suits. Of course, it does require being a relatively level-headed person who knows how to read the relevant literature. Excitable folks, people who have never read an academic-sounding paper, and hypochondriacs are probably all better off not self-diagnosing. I've found that with good code, you actually have to read relatively little, because comments explain what it does. You read a specific section if you want to figure out the detail of what the comment says, or find it surprising ("really, it just does that in 5 lines?"). I try to do this with my own code, because I don't even like reading my own code. Put differently, I 100% agree with Knuth's still-mostly-unheeded call for literate programming, as the real solution to making code readable. Some of the concerns seem more sensible than others. Lossless audio I'd put fairly far down the list: in blind tests, nobody, not even audiophiles, can tell the difference between high-quality mp3s (e.g. lame -v0) and FLAC. Despite the headline, this seems mostly like an attempt to get more detailed information about the brain structure that gives rise to consciousness, not really an attempt to solve the "hard" philosophical problem of how it could even be possible that a brain structure (of any sort) gives rise to consciousness: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_problem_of_consciousness I find Wikipedia's policy on typesetting of trademarks pretty sensible, and mostly use something like it in my own writing: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Manual_of_Style_(trad... But even so, it's no more powerful than a finite state machine if the tape length is finite. Although it's not particularly common, there's no real barrier to using Objective-C on any platform that has a gcc port, since it's one of the supported front-ends. If you liked it, you could use it to make native Linux apps, in lieu of C or C++ or whatever else you might use. There's just not a lot to go on. The SAT score is one of the few nationally comparable objective measures, and obviously measures only a specific kind of aptitude. High-school GPA is objective but hard to compare across schools, and measures only specific things as well (ability to do well in high-school classes). Essays might give you more information, but might be written by someone other than the student. You end up falling back on some sort of evidence that the student has independent interests/motivations, whether president of some club, or webmaster of some site. There are ways to do that that are somewhat more credible, though. For example, Amnesty International issues reports on human rights in the U.S., without the baggage of being an official publication of a rival nation-state's PR department: http://www.amnestyusa.org/annualreport.php?id=ar&yr=2009... There's some level at which I think you do have to take the source into consideration. Would you really spend a lot of time taking seriously a Greek government report on human rights in Turkey, or a Turkish government report on human rights in Greece? There are probably better places to get that information from. I believe they've now moved to a more fine-grained blocking mechanism, where only articles on "sensitive" content are blocked, like the Tiananmen Square article, and, self-referentially, this one in both English and Chinese: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blocking_of_Wikipedia_by_the_Pe... The Apple //c was pretty much made for that purpose, though it seems that with the advent of affordable real laptops, nobody makes the luggable-with-a-handle form factor anymore. I think Apple gets some benefit of the doubt because of how they've gone back and forth, and produced enough cool things that they get some geek cred. The mystique of the Woz days, getting full specs for an Apple I along with the machine, etc., probably has considerable lingering impact on techies considering Apple a fellow techie company, as opposed to an Evil Corporate Behemoth. Subsequent Apple II and pre-OSX Mac stuff was pretty closed, but at least balanced that a bit with relatively vibrant 3rd-party software development, so lots of us have good memories of educational games we played on an Apple II or Mac in school, while the PC was just for Lotus or whatever. And OSX of course is quite open for a mainstream desktop OS. The sub-GUI part of the base OS is open as Darwin, and even the closed-source full thing is relatively tinkerable--- comes with gcc/python, allows for things like DarwinPorts to be built on top of it, etc. Well, one could argue that, even if the careers suck, science/technology has a big impact on people's lives, so if it's gender-imbalanced that might lead to gender-imbalanced impacts on even people not in the field, as they're stuck using tech designed exclusively by men. On the other hand, that sort of ends-focused argument isn't a very good reason for any actual women to go into the field, unless they're particularly altruistic and doing it to better society. But yeah, I think these debates do tend to assume that STEM careers are desirable, which is why there is no similar hand-wringing about how few women get construction jobs ( well paid , which is probably the biggest reason STEM careers are seen as better than construction jobs, given that level of pay has become close to an exclusive measure of job desirability (e.g. we judge colleges and majors by average starting pay on graduation). Yeah, though my impression is that the current focus is mostly on the good-for-society angle: that it would be better for society if STEM fields as a whole were more gender-balanced, even if not necessarily better for the women actually in those STEM fields. This is a rather different argument than the more traditional one, that gender-bias/etc. is standing in the way of women who want to go into STEM careers but find themselves blocked. The focus these days seems to be more on women who don't want to go into STEM careers, to figure out why and how we can change that, which is more of a focus on social-engineering/good-for-society outcomes, as opposed to the more traditional feminist focus on personal autonomy / right to pursue your career of choice. Subject to many of the same criticisms, as well: http://www.iftf.org/node/3384 I think they do care about Linux for the proprietary driver, since Linux workstations are a pretty decent share of the market for their high-margin Quadro cards. At the very poor extreme I agree, but I haven't found much of a correlation, and perhaps even a weak inverse correlation, once you get past "can afford to feed yourself". In particular, the people I know with professional jobs making $100k+ seem to mostly be less happy than the just-sort-of-making-it artist/musician types I know. And my Greek relatives are generally happier than my American relatives, despite being considerably poorer. For my own part, I've been a grad student with a $20k stipend for years, and am pretty happy about it; I even feel reasonably well off, since there are tons of ways I could be more frugal if I really needed to (I spend a lot on beer and eating out). I guess having $30k or $40k or $100k might be nicer, but I can't imagine it'll be that big a difference? We'll see, I suppose. I agree freedom of action is a good feature of money, though it's really more like a freedom-from-need-to-make-money-to-survive, a kind of defensive benefit of money as opposed to something actually positive about money. I don't think you need to make a ton of money for that if you have a frugal lifestyle, though. I have enough savings to sustain my current lifestyle for years if I quit grad school tomorrow and never got a job, and I've never made >$40k in my life. But when I was making around $40k (thanks to a nice combination of fellowships), I saved almost half of it each year, and that plus some investments adds up quickly. I guess I could've spent more instead of saving it, but I honestly have no idea what I would've spent it on; I wasn't exactly living a deprived life just to save money. Admittedly, I expect it'd take more than $20k/year to live comfortably if I had a family! Somehow the future seems even more dystopian when, instead of actual games that might have some artistry, design, and cultural value behind them, the game they play is The Facebook FedEx Game. Yeah, I could see that. I guess the world I live in---my own situation, and those people I know---just doesn't involve lots of money ever being needed to take action. It's nice to have some cushion, so e.g. I can fly to Boston tomorrow if it turns out to be needed for some reason, and can pay my rent for a year or two if I decide to suddenly take off, but I just don't have any situation where I could see needing $500k or something in order to take action. I know plenty of people doing startups, and I could even throw $10k their way if it'd help out (I've offered), but they just don't need it. The web side of things is so capital-free these days that they have no trouble self-funding, and what money they do need is easy to get from a few consulting gigs here or there (web-dev stuff seems to pay insane hourly rates). I can imagine things I would do if I had infinite money, but they're more pie-in-the-sky "establish a fund for [x]" sort of philanthropy things. In my normal life, I just don't run across action I really want to take that is money-constrained. A few random suggestions. I don't actually know much about Squeak or Scratch, so those might be better options. YMMV, of course. One way to sort of ease into the idea of instructing-a-computer-so-it-does-things is to make things in a context-free-grammar based system, like: http://www.contextfreeart.org/ I've found some people find it much easier than "real" programming, since it avoids control constructs and such. I personally actually find it a little harder, because I try to think of it in terms of operational semantics, and end up mentally reverse-engineering everything I write into the equivalent C code. I've had good luck introducing non-programming people to it, though; not tried with any kids; mostly computing-interested adults. Processing is a relatively simple media-computing environment. Based on Java, but highly simplified and oriented towards 2d graphical applets: http://processing.org/ I personally learned on Logo, which I thought was nice. I'm not sure if there are good Logo implementations these days? Open-source developers often want to develop on Linux, or at least to be able to release cross-platform stuff that will work on Linux, and Microsoft's toolchain is generally not oriented in that direction. If you use their dev tools, you're usually just building a Windows .exe, and if you want to port, it's going to be extra effort. There are of course Windows-only open-source projects, and they do actually often use an MS dev toolchain. I think if Microsoft had (especially earlier on) been somewhat friendlier with the cross-platformness of .NET, either with their own releases or by helping Mono be a more compatible option, it would have more uptake, because technically it's actually pretty nice. It depends on the length somewhat. The shorter you intend it to be, the closer to where you currently are it should probably be. For example, moving abroad wouldn't be worth it for 3 months, because the cost of the plane ticket would likely overwhelm any cost-of-living savings. But it might be worth it for a year. Within the US, basically anywhere that isn't one of the stereotypically expensive cities is cheap. In California, it's dirt-cheap to live anywhere that isn't in the SD, LA or SF areas; San Luis Obispo and Eureka are decent coastal options. Anywhere in Oregon outside Portland is also cheap. Among cities, the midwest rust-belt cities are cheapest, e.g. Pittsburgh, and pretty interesting. I guess I'd rate making interesting videogames at considerably more worthwhile than many of the startup ideas we see around here. I mean, ultimately most web 2.0 sites are kind of a waste of time, except for the potential to get rich off them. If anything, social media is a bigger unproductive time-sink than videogames or TV are these days. I do agree that building just another clone of an existing game (say, a new FPS with no real innovation) is a bit of a waste of time though, just like building a Twitter clone or reddit clone or something would be. But that's true in all media: most Hollywood films are derivative crap good for nothing but mindless entertainment, but that doesn't mean the entire idea of making a film is pointless. Of course, others have talked about this at greater length: http://www.colbertnation.com/the-colbert-report-videos/91012... If you want to design games, as opposed to working as an engineer on some small part of them, you probably are actually better off doing it indie, or finding an indie company to work for. If you work a normal game-industry job at a place like EA, you aren't really going to be designing games, but more likely will be debugging a texture mapper somewhere deep inside an engine, or something equivalent. Plus, all the interesting stuff is happening in indie games anyway! --> http://www.igf.com/02finalists.html As a purist of a different kind, I see it as more of a fundamental problem in the way HN/Digg/Reddit/etc. voting works, in that it's heavily sensitive to voting in the initial period, which is often pretty random, and then stuff that happens to get a few upvotes in that early period tends to snowball due to the feedback loop of being on the front page -> more people see it -> more people upvote. Apart from its slower speed (too few stories per day), I actually see the Slashdot model, warts at all, as somewhat superior; or the Kuro5hin model as a vote-driven alternative. How's that for crusty purism. ;-) I try to personally insulate myself from the fundamental brokenness by not using the HN front page, and only looking at the /newest page. The $2,500 to $10,000 per car figure doesn't surprise me, but does seem like it could be brought down. A webcam with a suction cup would be better than no video camera, and is My guess is that they're pricing Police Car Camera Systems, which is probably a market with very few, highly priced suppliers. Some parts of the leaked anti-Wikileaks document don't seem too objectionable. For example, one of the main recommendations that Salon highlights, and appears shocked by, is that the government should deter leaks by identifying and firing the individuals responsible. Isn't that totally normal and expected policy, though? If some CIA or Pentagon documents get leaked, the obvious response is going to be them trying to figure out who leaked them. One of the Quora folks posted a link here about two weeks ago so HN users can bypass the invite system: http://quora.com/hackernews Original post: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1197146 I think it's mostly slang from people in their 20s/30s. It was used most prominently in Office Space , a 1999 film. > Now that I think about it I think it was a mistake to sell it, the new owner totally trashed the site. :( That's the main thing that'd keep me from selling any sites of mine, unless I got really ridiculously impossible-to-refuse offers. I have a personal finance site I could probably sell, but the thought of something I started, that could at least vaguely be associated with me, turning into a cesspool of popup ads and paid blog posts, is enough to not do so. Hmm, I thought that was a 20s/30s slang thing too, more than teenage, though I suppose I wouldn't be surprised if it were still in fashion. But wasn't it big in the 1990s, largely due to the influence of Southpark? Hmm, trying to send invites from within Quora gives that error right now too, so something might be down/broken? Yeah, it seems questionable, especially since they're still advertising this as a feature: http://www.playstation.com/ps3-openplatform/index.html They do include a disclaimer that it isn't available on the slim models, but don't given any indication that if you had a model that advertised support, that the support would be removed in the future. In fact, as another comment here points out, they promised pretty recently that they would retain support. Is that actually true? The last person I know who formed an LLC in California had to publish an announcement of his "doing business as" name in the local paper. I think it also feels more informal/no-big-deal than with Polaroid: a cell-phone snapshot feels casual, while taking a naked picture with a Polaroid camera feels more like producing amateur porn. Hmm, some googling turns up that the state of California doesn't require any newspaper announcements for incorporating the LLC, but it delegates the "doing business as" registration to the counties, many of which do require an announcement. Can't seem to find any quick info on which do and which don't, though. On the whole efforts to move homeless people to various sorts of housing seem like a good idea, but don't the ones in this article come across as a bit unnecessary? I mean, visiting him every day , memorizing his walking habits, etc.? He clearly seems not to be posing a threat to anyone, and if he's the only homeless person in the entire area, it's hard to say that homelessness is causing the area a major problem or inconvenience. Why not just leave him alone, or at least inquire less often than daily as to whether he'd like to move in somewhere? I can't speak to the HN consensus, but on some comment areas/lists I've moderated in the past, we generally tried to allow ones that were there in good faith. It's a fine line, though. It's ok with me if someone was going to recommend a book anyway, and throws in their affiliate link rather than giving the exact same link without an affiliate code. But does this subtly induce people to include more Amazon links than they might have otherwise? To recommend books that are only sort of apropos, or even kind of a stretch? To link Amazon when the author's site about the book, a Wikipedia article on it, or a relevant Google Books excerpt would otherwise have been the obvious links? In book-related discussions, does it induce people to recommend books they think will be popular or eye-catching (or at least get clicks), as opposed to ones they genuinely think are good? I think the answer is probably yes to all of those, but with the right people/context/community it probably isn't bad enough to be fatal. And I agree that if someone does recommend me a book that I do end up buying, it seems fair to give them 4% or 6% or whatever, especially since if they didn't get it, that amount would just go to Amazon. I guess in summary: previous experience leads me to believe "maybe, it depends". It seems reasonable to me. There's a gray area between "discovery" and "invention", but finding a gene seems more like discovering something new about how gravity works. If a physicist did that, they couldn't get a blanket patent on the very idea of a device that took advantage of that gravitational feature. Where it does get trickier is that it seems that said physicist might be able to patent a particular kind of new machine that took advantage of their discovery, and analogously, someone might be able to patent a particular kind of chemical or device that uses this gene. It makes for a handy mental filter, though: claims to have found the grand unified theory of AI can be treated with the same piles of salt as claims to have found a grand unified theory of physics, or to have solved the P/NP question (not impossible, but unlikely in any given instance). Yeah, despite the protestations, I think in a lot of relevant ways the amateur stuff is up to par these days. There is plenty of professional photography that really is unlikely to be replicated by amateurs, but from a market perspective, the photographers' biggest problem is that they don't have a monopoly on the profitable mid-range stuff anymore. It used to be that to have even a decent looking shot of like, a computer on a desk, you needed to pay a professional. Amateurs owned the "shitty snapshot" market, and professionals owned everything above that. But these days there are 100 decent shots of computers on desks on the internet, and professionals only really still own the high-end market, which is much smaller. I guess I'm struggling to think of a case where it's particularly important that visited/unvisited links differ by complex styling. If leaking history is a paranoia thing , that's a useless fluff thing . The checkmarked visited links thing seems completely wrong to me, to take that example. Something like a checkmark next to a link feels like part of site UI rather than the browser's, and a site's UI shouldn't have access to what I've done on other sites! If they want to keep track of what links I click on the site and maintain checkmarks in their UI accordingly, they can still do that, of course. I recall an informal survey on the Wikipedia mailing list at some point, and their (admittedly not very scientific) conclusion was that most of the Hindi speakers who edit Wikipedia are also fluent enough English speakers (at least in written English) that they can also edit the English Wikipedia, and for various reasons they often prefer to. Some of the reasons cited, going by memory, were: 1. English Wikipedia already has more existing content for scaffolding so you're not writing from scratch; 2. English is seen as more official/academic, so an encyclopedia article in Hindi feels wrong, like writing a journal article in Hindi; 3. for India-specific topics in particular, writing in English is seen as a way to disseminate information about India and Indian culture to a worldwide audience; 4. English is more neutral in a within-India political context, without the north-south issues Hindi sometimes has. And oddly, this repeat of it appears in the future: the byline says it was published on May 1, 2010. I also don't. I use a 5-year-old laptop and 3-year-old non-smart phone, mostly because I don't see any reason to upgrade. New software is interesting, but new hardware, at least over the past 5 years or so, makes me yawn. Hmm, in the 90s I always thought of the CNN audience as older and more conservative, but that was admittedly just an anecdotal impression. I mean, compare the audience that watches John Stewart to the one that watches Larry King. If there were no bulk-mail discount, though, there'd be no way to get them to follow the USPS's constraints. The discount is what gets them to presort their mail, put bar codes on it, etc. Indeed, it's not courting-specific at all, or even human-specific. The same math could be used to answer questions like: "If you are a hamburger bun selecting patties from a conveyor belt, how do you optimize your selection of a quality patty?" For the 2nd test (after you got it up to 18 MB/s, which is higher than you'd be able to get if it were still in 100 Mbit mode), did you check if either side is CPU-bound? Rsync takes a decent amount of CPU, so that could be the bottleneck on gigabit networks. You can also try adding the -W option, which will send the whole new file when a file's been changed, instead of the usual rsync diffs, which can be faster when bandwidth isn't the bottleneck. I find it harder to type camel-cased names, because I seem to end up mis-timing my shift and ending up with camelcAsed or camelCAsed or even cameLCased names There are plenty of new markets to spam! You, too, can be the next Sanford Wallace or Mark Pincus, if only you dream big enough. I like the idea, but I already use it in my browser URL bar, with 'g' set up as a Google search, 'w' as Wikipedia, 'gb' as Google Books, etc. (both Firefox and Chrome support it). I assume this is targeted at a niche of users who are sophisticated enough to want something like this, but not sophisticated enough to figure out how to get it to work in something like Firefox? I've found people also underestimate the car transportation time, though, so the estimated time difference is compounded. In particular, when people give me estimates of how long it'll take to drive somewhere, it seems to almost always be the best-case scenario, not the average time. Excludes foreseeable complications, like buffer time for the once-a-week occurrence that a freeway lane is closed, and an "unexpectedly" long time spent finding parking. In tech at least, I've always found the "valuable experience" argument to be a bit of a scam. There are plenty of companies that will be happy to pay you a good stipend (not even anywhere near minimum wage) for an internship. If you want something less job-like, you can work informally with lots of smaller companies, visiting their office and doing odd jobs, essentially as an unpaid freelancer (e.g. find something crappy about their site and offer to fix it). But if they want someone coming in to the office 40 hrs/wk, with a boss and deliverables, they should be prepared to pay them in something more than vague promises of "valuable experience". Yeah, this allegedly happens in some areas in the U.S. too, especially business and law--- unpaid internships as a way to filter out the poor, who can't afford to work unpaid internships. Apart from being part of a commercial company (related to Mahalo), the article is also being used to sell AdSense ads on the very article , which seems pretty clearly commercial use. Yeah, in my experience it's always been the opposite: internships from companies like Google, Microsoft, and Intel are about the highest-paying summer jobs (~$30-50/hr) any college student is likely to find, versus "normal" summer jobs that pay more like ~$15/hr at best. When I decided to do a $5k-stipend research internship instead of working somewhere like that, it was turning down a good deal of money. A lot of the ROI is speculative and aggregate, though, isn't it? You're not mainly buying the potential profitability of the specific new customer, but attempting to buy a network with enough critical mass to get off the ground as a viable payment mechanism. I'm not sure how you measure the ROI on that, since it's got huge uncertainty. Well, it's the nature of markets dominated by network effects that outcomes tend to be fairly binary: either you build your critical-mass network and win huge, or you don't, and go bankrupt. I'm not sure there was a plausible middle-of-the-road outcome where PayPal becomes a small but profitable niche company. For smallish (one or a few files) library/API/snippet type stuff, I kind of like the style of putting the authors and changelog at the top of the file, along with brief documentation of using it and a statement of license terms. Bigger libraries will of course have separate ChangeLog and README files and such, but for one-file stuff, I often just end up copying the file into my own project, and it's nice when it's a self-contained file with the relevant info all in there. How common that is might vary in different programming languages. It's quite common to share Javascript code by just swapping standalone .js files, and it's not uncommon in the Lisp world either. I live closer (~20 min drive, ~40 min bus), and go back and forth on it. Sometimes the convenience and 2x speed of taking a car seems better, but sometimes the "don't have to drive it" aspect of the bus seems better. I definitely get more reading done on days when I take the bus: it takes 40 vs. 20 mins, but that's 40 minutes in which I can read a book. I guess I could do 20 mins of a book on tape in the car, but I hate taking in information via audio, so I just listen to music instead. When I hear that phrase, I usually think of cultural factors, which includes some economic ones like the attitudes of employers. In Silicon Valley at least, it's perfectly reasonable to turn down an $80k solid job offer to start a company with an unproven idea, fail at at it within a few years, then go apply for those $80k jobs again. In a lot of countries: 1) your friends/family will think you're nuts for turning down a good job for some insane side project; and 2) future employers will look at your 3-4 years starting and then bankrupting a company as a negative, not a positive (i.e. as evidence that you're good at running companies into the ground). Of those, #2 might be the biggest difference? I feel that in the U.S., #1 is actually still pretty strong, at least as far as reactions among non-techie family/friends go. Is there an easy way to get 'ls' to use this ordering? Only if you exclude the AIG bailout (much of which went directly to the banks as counterparties) from the figures... The results are actually pretty shocking to me. I'm used to pop-science works stretching their references, glossing over caveats, extrapolating too much, etc., but some of the references here look blatantly fraudulent. Citing a study that looked at gender-related hearing differences of stroke victims in their 50s and 60s as evidence that typical teenagers have gender differences in hearing is hard to interpret as merely a mistake or exaggeration, unless the author made an error in their citation manager and put the completely wrong study down. Huh, so it seems! Has that been there forever, or was it added semi-recently in response to things like this post? They're been pretty clear that they wouldn't actually change the results for any query based on those kinds of concerns, I think. Adding a thing at the top based on some do-goody motives is a bit different than actually rearranging results in an attempt to protect people from the information they're looking for. True, though as the article points out, you can also implement closures with objects. Of course, you can also implement both in C. ;-) Lots of reasons, but one is that it's offset by some other kinds of taxes being absent or lower. Our sales tax is lower and collected on fewer kinds of transactions than a European-style VAT, and our personal income tax rates are lower than most other developed countries. Another is that we have a lot more deductions and loopholes: Ireland's rate is lower, but they collect it more consistently. If you look at taxation as a percentage of GDP, the U.S. comes out relatively low overall. For example, total tax revenues are 28% of GDP, and corporate-tax revenues are 3.3% of GDP; both figures are higher in Ireland, meaning that Irish taxation overall takes a bigger bite out of the Irish economy than U.S. taxation does out of the U.S. one. Data on that last point: http://www.oecd.org/dataoecd/48/27/41498733.pdf Yeah, the very idea that there's a launch of a Digg V4 with multi-year dev cycles seems weird to me. Usually you don't do websites as if you're rolling out a new release of Windows. Hmm, I can see that reasoning, but I think it might overall be worse. If you change a ton of things all at once, you do get the user gripes over with all at once, but you also have less continuity than if you introduce a few changes here and there. I'm not sure that a website wants to give users the retro feeling they experience when they were used to Windows XP, installed Vista, and now feel like everything's weird and different. Admittedly that's wishy-washy, and I'm not against bundling up some amount of changes into groups to roll out, especially since presumably some kinds of changes depend on each other anyway. It just seems wrong if it's becoming a huge thing equivalent to traditional product-release cycles. Hmm, it looks like that bug's still open with no responses, 4 yrs later: http://bugs.debian.org/351745 I'm guessing when someone notices that they'll drop those two patents from the suit, which still unfortunately leaves 171 patents for which they haven't promised anything. They probably couldn't actually prevail on those two patents anyway, if it went to trial: a public open letter promising not to sue if someone uses the patents could be interpreted as an implicit patent license, or at least trigger estoppel. They don't have the usual responsibilities of property owners, though, like a requirement that you maintain sufficient control over your property to prevent it from being used for activities that are illegal or a nuisance. In telecommunications, common carrier status was a trade: if a telecom treats their network as neutral infrastructure, not discriminating between customers or exercising control over the data that passes over it, they'll be indemnified from legal responsibility for the data that passes over it. ISPs are attempting to get (and have largely gotten) one half of that understanding without the other half. They want the legal indemnification of common carrier status without the requirements of neutrality that it entails. (The various "safe-harbor" laws passed over the past 20 years, with no strings attached, largely give them that.) Considering she's currently in a high-profile Senate race, it's hard for me to take positive or negative assessments of her time at HP at face value; I tend to assume they're all written with a political goal in mind. This article is positioned as just a tech guy straightening out politically-motivated mischaracterization of Fiorina's time at HP, but it's perhaps not coincidental that Barrett is an active Republican and generous donor to Republican political campaigns. I grew up in a suburb, and as a community it seemed pretty faux; it made an effort to keep up trappings of a community, but was pretty clearly just a bunch of houses. I do agree people may well prefer it. It had no community, but the houses were quite nice. I agree this is a decent summary of amateur v. professional mindsets, but I can't help but think many markets (including games) would be generally worse off if everyone followed the professional mindset. There's tons of off-the-wall, innovative games that turned out to be popular, where the creators later admit they had no idea anyone would actually like it, but had made it just because they thought it was a cool idea. If everyone who thought their idea failed the basic-market-research test dropped it and found a new idea, we'd miss out on a lot of interesting stuff. I'm not sure that always applies. I find myself much more productive on an RPN calculator, once I learned to use it, than on standard calculators, even though the learning curve was higher. I also find that with window managers, tiling WMs were harder to learn, but are a lot better now that I know how to use them. I actually kind of find myself often wanting the opposite, especially in the first sentence or two of a paper's abstract. If the first sentence has details about their method, I'm often still trying to figure out of it's even on the broad subject I'm looking for. Your first example would let me say, "oh ok, their goal here was improving software development, not what I was looking for", without being distracted by details about wavelets. True, but using Python on App Engine already requires rewriting/replacing/avoiding C extensions, so it's probably a limitation Google is okay with. Here's a plot of the aluminum/silver/gold reflectance spectra, fwiw (visible range is ~390-750 nm): http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Image-Metal-reflectan... That part gave it a weirdly surreal feel to me. I often read HN, and, separately, I often read the kinds of books and journals that have long footnotes and rambling text. But I rarely get the two together: a long-winded, heavily-footnoted article discussing microniches and SEO. > It could definitely benefit from the advice in that article earlier today which advised writers to put their most important points at the beginning. I suppose it depends on preferences/audience. That advice makes sense for engineering papers to me, but this is an article in a literary journal, where the usual style is to write long pieces with an assumption that the reader is reading start-to-finish rather than interested in skimming. The usual style for those is more like the style of writing you'd use for a short fiction story. I agree this layout doesn't really work, but I really dislike the endnote style, and strongly disagree they're just as good as footnotes, even with hyperlinks (which require me to click my mouse, and require me to reorient myself on the page before/after the jumps). It raises their visibility too, because it puts them in the main list of apps, as a top-level thing. It doesn't hurt that the total number of constructs in K&R C is really quite small. I'm not sure there are any current languages with comparably few constructs; maybe Arc. Even Scheme is bigger, at least for a recent version (say, R6RS). For some reason, over the past year or so it's become almost standard in the humanities (but not in science/engineering). I'm in CS but occasionally go to interdisciplinary conferences, where every CS person will have a PowerPoint, while every humanist who has a digital presentation at all will have a Prezi (to a close approximation). I guess I'm okay with them if the users opt-in somehow. The main thing that rankles people is when it's the default on outgoing links to attach a frame around them. Ah, those happen too, though not as much at the type of interdisciplinary conferences where you'd also have a lot of humanities people--- seems to be mainly a thing for people who need equations in their presentation, esp. in cs-theory. I sort of prefer latex presentations myself, but just because I like editing source-code-like stuff rather than editing a presentation in a GUI tool. No more than VC in general is, I don't think. Making money on tech and then re-investing that money into new tech is basically the whole premise of the business. It does in a sense depend, like pyramid schemes, on a continual influx of new money; otherwise VCs couldn't, on average, actually make more than a 1x multiplier on their exits. But unlike pyramid schemes, that not-yet-made money isn't actually promised yet: the article didn't say that they're already funding new startups with their future profits, only that they decided that, if they do make profits, they'll use them to fund new startups. Edit: Actually, the above comments make more sense when comparing to a Ponzi scheme. Pyramid schemes are even less similar. A pyramid-scheme way of funding tech startups would be: you put in $1000 towards funding the current round of startups, and in return, get your name put on a list of startups that'll get funded in the next round. The direction of money flow is different: in a pyramid scheme, tomorrow's startups are funding today's startups, while in a Ponzi scheme, today's startups are funding other startups of today with money they don't have yet (which they hope to get from tomorrow's investors in an exit). In a normal, non-fraudulent investment scheme (like this one), today's startups will, in the future, fund tomorrow's startups, once they have the money to do so. Yeah, it seems like a pretty ingrained part of the hacker ethos, going back to the 70s. The microcomputer revolution was as much about changing the world by getting tech into the hands of ordinary people as it was about making lots of money in the process. Yeah, the claims are weird here, even just in terms of format. Usually claims are these dense paragraphs you can't interpret without a background in patent law, but here, the entire first claim is a few short clauses: A method for developing a computer program product, the method comprising: evaluating one or more refactoring actions to determine a performance attribute; associating the performance attribute with a refactoring action used in computer code; and undoing the refactoring action of the computer code based on the performance attribute. The only really limiting factor is that it could be read narrowly to require a very close "associat[ion]" between the "refactoring action", the "performance attribute", and the "undoing"; e.g. some sort of "refactor-and-keep-only-if-faster" button in Eclipse. Yeah, I'm also curious if there's any research on how these things vary. I assume it's not the case that 100% of male-male friendships are like X, and 100% of female-female friendships are like Y. But how close is it to that? If we assume that a description like this one accurately covers a "typical" male-male friendship (not necessarily true, but granting for the sake of argument), are roughly 90% of male-male friendships similar to that, or more like 50%, or what? In short: the distributions are as interesting to me as the median points. By these standards, hasn't Steve Jobs been notching up final victories over Woz for at least 25 years? In fact, I'm pretty sure I've read people claiming it repeatedly! As far back as the early 80s, the Mac marks the turning point where Apple became primarily focused on a self-contained, don't-touch-the-tech computing appliance. The introduction of the Mac, and the way it won out over the Apple II successors, also marks Woz's personal influence in Apple effectively coming to an end. It's not as if this is a recent idea Apple's had. If anything, OSX's relative openness was the aberration, given their history. Despite how exciting we find the Apple II era, I tend to think of the Mac as a bigger part of their history, certainly in terms of the Mac era's influence on today's company. Statistical significance is also not even a sufficient condition for a difference to be meaningful. In the real world, very few things are truly identical , so you can eventually get a statistically significant difference for just about any comparison, given enough samples. But the differences may be negligibly small. Given the huge margins of error in their methodology, the differences seem too small to justify a headline like that. They aggregated all sorts of noisy data sources (one even being the number of hits for a web search!), and found that C has pulled ahead of Java by... 0.007%. Whatever MOE you want to put on their figures, I'd be willing to be it should be more than 0.007%... probably >1%. Lua is definitely out, and has been out for longer: Apple explicitly prohibits embedding interpreters, like the Lua interpreter, in your apps. The contract does say that the app has to be "originally" written in Obj-C, C, C++, or Javascript, so it seems that technically an app that's written in something else and then translated to Obj-C by a code generator would violate the restriction. It's not clear how easy that'd be to enforce, though. It's a gray area. One of the issues in the Microsoft antitrust suits was: what is the "market" in which Windows operates? Obviously, operating-system software of some sort, but which platforms count in the total? Microsoft was arguing that they make basically "an OS for computers", and so their market share should be computed after including Unix workstations, Mac desktops, maybe even Unix servers and IBM mainframes in the totals. Netscape were arguing that the relevant market was the OS market for IBM-compatible home-and-office PCs, in which Microsoft had a much higher dominance. I had no internet at home for about 3 months after moving to a new place once. I was a few blocks from my office and coffee shops, so it wasn't too hard to get online, but in my actual home I had none. I'm not sure I'd do it on purpose again, but it definitely had upsides. I went to bed at more normal times, read more books, cooked more, and cleaned more frequently. I think the main difference is that, with the internet available, there is never really any time when I have nothing to do: there is always something interesting I could read, discuss, or do. But without the internet, there are all these bits of down time, e.g. I've finished breakfast but have 20 minutes before I need to leave to go somewhere. Yeah, he could definitely do with some less off-the-cuff guesses. There's actually quite a lot of debate about it in the scientific literature, because bipedalism is a somewhat odd feature, and we don't have enough evidence to really say for sure why it evolved initially, and what pressures guided its subsequent evolution. Possibly by coincidence, I think his guess is actually in line with majority opinion, that long-distance treks had more effect than running on evolution of human bipedalism / skeletal structure / etc. But some researchers disagree, arguing that endurance running may well have had a large evolutionary role: http://www.clas.ufl.edu/users/krigbaum/proseminar/Bramble_Le... It might be worth noting that there's a decent amount of debate in free-market-capitalist circles over just how natural it is that these centralized entities emerge, versus how much they're encouraged/enabled by the government. A lot of the structure of the modern corporation is basically state-created: the limited-liability corporate status to begin with, the centralized form of management with a board of directors, etc. If there was no built-in scaffolding of corporate status and corporate law, and it were just individuals operating in a free market forming whatever arrangements they want via private contract law, it's at least possible that large, centralized entities wouldn't emerge as easily or as frequently. From that perspective, the modern "sea of centralized entities" version of capitalism is itself centrally planned: the government decided that it'd be best if the economy were made up of a sea of centralized entities, and wrote the rules so that it happened. If everyone's unhappy about it, though, maybe the world isn't so amazing, subjectively speaking. That's the usual assumption in entrepreneurship, anyway: If you've produced a product you think everyone should love, and they don't love it, maybe something's wrong with the product, not the people. If you ask immigrants who've lived in the U.S. ~10 years or so about the pros/cons of it, though, you get much more mixed answers. Some are still uniformly positive about how much better the U.S. is than where they came from, but many aren't. And sometimes it just seems sort of incomparable. My mom grew up in a rural village of about 30 families in Greece in the 1950s that had no electricity, running water, TVs, etc. She objectively realizes it was a "deprived" childhood by modern standards, but she doesn't subjectively remember it being bad at all. It's just what life was like: you got water from the well, and it was fine, because that's what everyone does, and there was no sense that you were a poor person for not having running water, because nobody had running water, not in your village or in the neighboring villages. And subjectively she even thinks some things were better, like the community and social support you get from a close-knit group of 30 families who all know each other / bake bread at the community oven together / etc. I doubt she would go back to that lifestyle today given the choice, but she doesn't have an "omg that sucked, I'm so glad I'm now in the U.S. in a suburban home" view of it either. It's got a nice meta-joke in it too. He's adopting the persona of the back-in-my-day nostalgist, to argue that in the past, things were better because people appreciated how much worse things were in the past. Often inertia: moving internationally takes a lot of effort, and often money, and is disruptive to careers/schooling/etc. But a decent number of immigrants to the U.S. do leave again later. There's a particularly large number of Chinese immigrants who've returned to China in the past 10 years. And in any case, not being "uniformly positive" doesn't require being uniformly negative. They may consider the U.S., overall, a better place to live, while on the whole still giving it very mixed scores. Are salaries actually commensurately higher? As far as I can tell, typical engineering pay in NYC is about the same as typical engineering pay in California. They also say they're interested in a "generalist", but then the list of skills makes it pretty clear they're interested in someone mainly skilled in web-related stuff (backend, frontend, design). There's nothing wrong with that, but it's pretty clearly a kind of specialty, and would be an inappropriate job for a candidate whose strengths weren't web-related, no matter how many other skills they had. It actually is the de-facto-standard modeling engine in a lot of areas, even some scientific areas, but mainly economics/finance. There are some pretty nuttily complex simulations written entirely in Excel, with the visualization part of the simulation done by popping up a chart--- you can even make it animated by popping up a new chart at a certain time interval. There's even a market in commercial spreadsheets, which you buy and load sort of like libraries: http://www.palisade.com/RISK/ Not necessarily a good idea, but somehow it caught on. One possible reason is that it was one of the earlier widely available pieces of software for doing declarative, dependency-based modeling that auto-propagates updates: if box A and box B are linked by a "B = 2*A", then B auto-updates whenever A changes, without you manually writing a propagate-updates loop. You can now do stuff like that in a lot of languages, but it's relatively recent (e.g., it's one of the new features JavaFX variables have). The compiler chooses, probably based on the type and number of elements. In theory it should know how to do this efficiently, because this syntax returns only immutable collections, so the compiler knows up front exactly what the collection will ever contain. This is what the proposal says about that decision: It is likely to be higher in space and time performance, in that the compiler can choose efficient implementations for small collections (such as empty collections and singletons). On the other hand, it is less flexible, in that you cannot specify the implementation type. From: http://mail.openjdk.java.net/pipermail/coin-dev/2009-March/0... To me the confusion is more with the loop constructs. My mental model is fine with variable capture in general, but I don't interpret loop variables as "real" variables. What I'd intuitively expect, if I didn't already know that most languages don't do it that way, is that the loop variable is freshly bound on each iteration. That expectation is strengthened by the fact that a lot of languages seem not to want to allow you to actually use it as a real variable anyway: you often can't modify the loop variable within a foreach-style loop, which leads me to view them as fresh immutable bindings per iteration. Admittedly, the Java for loop is a plain C-style for loop, where you actually can modify the loop variable if you wish, so it pretty much has to work that way. But the binding-reuse behavior of, say, Python's for i in range(n) loop makes less sense to me. IIRC, it's also one of the many contentious differences in Common Lisp between the LOOP and ITERATE macro packages. I think shareholders might not widely realize how it works. Often, shareholders are actually the ones who demand bringing in outside consultants, because it's seen as getting an independent third opinion. It looks more self-interested for the company's executives to set their own pay, than it does for an executive-recruitment consulting firm to recommend what the going rate is. Of course, executives have gotten good at getting the right consulting firms to answer those questions, and consulting firms know that if they don't answer appropriately, they aren't going to be asked back. Consistent with the USGS's automated estimate of 0 people exposed to damage greater than "none": http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/pager/events/us/2010u... The List interface labels all the methods that could change a list as "optional operation", which implementing classes are free to throw an UnsupportedOperationException for: http://java.sun.com/javase/6/docs/api/java/util/List.html The current API already uses this in a bunch of places to return immutable Lists. For example, the lists you get out of Collections.singletonList() or Collections.nCopies() are immutable. That's a bit broken from an OO perspective (is the interface an interface or not?), but it's a better solution than the const v. non-const container mess that C++/STL has, at least. Smith's overall conclusion on the relation between morality and free markets is a bit more mixed than that of someone like Hayek, though. He does say things like the excerpt you quote quite frequently, but he also has a number of comments lamenting the immoral behavior that profit motives cause, like an encouragement to fraud and collusion. He does worry that some attempts to solve the problem would be worse cures than the disease, but he doesn't think that no problem exists, or that self-interest always produces moral outcomes, or that government regulation to mitigate the immoral effects of self-interest is always wrong. His policy proposals on that latter point are pretty pragmatic, and he endorses regulation when he thinks it has relatively large gains for relatively small downsides. For example, he proposes that the government ought to require employers to pay their employees in hard money, and not permit them to pay in promissory notes or in goods. His reasoning is that this prevents unscrupulous employers from tricking employees, either by paying them in goods whose value has been misrepresented, or by convincing them to work for promises of payment that the employer doesn't really intend to keep. Yeah, I think the main thing that's confusing about the particular example given in this thread is that the common case of looping over integers usually intends a foreach-style loop, but Java syntax doesn't make it easy to do something like for(final int i : Range(1,10)) . So people end up using the C-style 3-part for loop when they don't have any real need for its power. I dug up the statistical abstract he's referencing, which does indeed have a median of 3.3 listed: http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/2010/tables/10s0094.p... [PDF] There's a footnote that says: For definition of median, see Guide to Tabular Presentation , which appears to be this (from a previous year): http://www.census.gov/prod/2007pubs/08abstract/guide.pdf [PDF] And that guide defines "median" in the normal way you would expect: arrange values in order, and choose the middle value, or average the middle two values if there is an even number. A guess , given the other data in the table, is that they first aggregate by number of sexual partners (shown in the columns), then look for a point where the number on the left and right would be equal. I believe for non-continuous data like this you can compute a "fractional median" that takes into account how far into one of the cohorts the midpoint is. The intuition is that you'd want the median to be higher if the midpoint was "just past 2" (i.e. barely including any 3s) vs. "just below 4" (i.e. including almost all the 3s), even if the midpoint itself is a 3 in both cases. Their focus on one particular famous guy makes it not that convincing, either. "Famous men have no trouble picking up women, even if they're jerks" hasn't ever been unusual. I agree there's no clear single mistake, but his main conclusion is that he erred by not trying to convince the justices that as a policy matter, extending copyright in this way was a bad idea. Instead, he thought he had a legal argument for why it was unconstitutional that the justices, given their previous views, would have to accept. What he didn't count on was that they didn't want to accept it, and so dodged the issue. So he concludes he should've spent more effort convincing them that not only did they have to accept his argument legally, but that they should also want the outcome it produced. He correctly guessed that Ginsburg would vote to uphold, and Stevens would vote to overturn, and those were both consistent with their previous opinions. He incorrectly thought Breyer would vote with Ginsburg, against him, and didn't know what Souter would do. But he thought he had an argument that the 5 conservative justices would have to accept, given their previous opinions. What he didn't count on was that, since they as a political issue didn't want to strike down the law, they would just sign on to Ginsburg's opinion without comment . That is, the conservative justices didn't explain anywhere why this decision was consistent with their previously expressed views on tests for limiting enumerated powers. They just ignored that argument entirely, and silently voted for Ginsburg's opinion, which analyzed things from Ginsburg's perspective, with a heavy focus on legislative precedent and no discussion of originalist arguments. The 5 conservatives didn't write separately to explain how they could possibly agree with Ginsburg's reasoning, given their previous views (especially the originalist ones, who were usually skeptical of legislative precedent). Yeah, this is a general feature of how The Economist writes. Sometimes, as an American, it's a bit jarring to open to a random page and start reading an article that launches right into a discussion of some current event in the UK without even pointing out, "hey this is a thing happening in the UK". But when it's in the UK section, they just write assuming you already have that context, and often that you are even up to date on ongoing issues (e.g. they don't explain who David Cameron is in every single article that mentions him). It seems there must be some race where the opposite's true? Sort of by definition, there have to be the same total number of women as men in heterosexual interracial couples... As always you should probably seek more authoritative advice, but my understanding is that you'd only pay CA corporate taxes, and not DE corporate taxes. Most states tax corporations on the business they do in the state, and it sounds like you do all your business in CA, so you have to pay CA taxes. But you don't have to pay DE taxes, because DE has a special exemption for DE-registered corporations that do all their business out of the state. The paper cited as ref [1] has a good explanation. Unfortunately that paper doesn't seem to be available freely online, but here's a press writeup of it: http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-scientific-fundament... Facebook had previously said it would not install a "panic button" on its main pages for users to report suspected paedophiles ... Mr Gamble said he could not understand why Facebook would not agree to adopt the button on every page as it was a free way to "help save some children". Yeah, because a "tell the cops this user is a paedophile" button on every page sounds totally reasonable. Perhaps it'll look nice alongside "report user as terrorist" and "accuse user of dealing drugs" buttons. Yeah; it doesn't currently implement Python's C API. My guess is that they're being cautious, and rolling out ads somewhere they think won't lead to a big backlash. They're already profitable with just the search-feed deals with Google and Microsoft, so they can afford to take it slowly, I think. Especially since they're already profitable... They got about $25m from Google and Microsoft in return for real-time data feeds, which is by itself enough to make them profitable: http://www.businessweek.com/technology/content/dec2009/tc200... Jogging I can see, but body-building and "working out" to me seems sort of the diametrical opposite, something I associate more with jocks. Being healthy and in reasonable shape is one thing, but obsessing over reps, weights, and muscle tone? I guess I have no opinion on that, never having stepped foot in a gym. =] Mostly, the idea seems oddly artificial to me. I use my muscles when I want to do something with them, like go for a walk, or go hiking, or swimming, but not just for the sake of using them. Sort of how I approach coding, too... This is sort of a meta-comment, but one thing I'd love to see is a good survey of how the current crop of innovation differs from previous ones, both in themselves and in relation to context. For example, micropayments were the big new thing in 1990s journalism, and micropayments are the big new thing today. What's changed, about the micropayments, the journalism, or the context? Presumably a lot, but I rarely see a good historical analysis. As for a specific suggestion, Indymedia and Wikinews are two other non-profit, crowd-sourced journalism attempts. Indymedia aims at a far-left/activist viewpoint, while Wikinews aims at a more neutral one. I'm a little skeptical of this part: Since all Promoted Tweets are organic Tweets, there is not a single “ad” in our Promoted Tweets platform that isn’t already an organic part of Twitter. That seems to assume that businesses who pay to promote tweets won't write tweets specifically for the purposes of subsequently promoting them. Does an ad really become "organic" just because they first had to post it somewhere? I can see that, but I was coming more from the perspective of someone interested in being a healthy/in-shape layperson, not a sportsman. If you don't care about sports, will weight-training improve quality of life? I can definitely say "yes" to recreational hiking for that (it's enjoyable in itself imo), but I can only imagine that being true for weight-lifting is if it were necessary to avoid health problems (and there were no outdoor alternatives that worked). Yes, but it's still useful to not make HN about every possible thing . If "weightlifting is hacking your body", then "being into cosmetics is hacking your appearance", "political activism is about hacking government/society", and every possible interest is hacking something. Isn't the point of this site to be tech-focused? If you enjoy weightlifting, that's fine, but I don't see what it has to do with hacker culture. Some people enjoy literary theory too, and I don't begrudge them that, but I would be pretty surprised to see it here. Well, we have dueling anecdotes, which makes it sound like it's time for a study. ;-) (Unfortunately from what I can tell, the studies on how different kinds of motivation [intrinsic, tangible extrinsic, social, etc.] relate are all over the map, and appear to depend sensitively on the specific kind of task and setting.) The last seems like it'd have a lot of ways to backfire, though. Will there be a grace period in bad economies, so people who lose their jobs, or involuntarily get moved to part-time work, don't also have to move out? What about people bootstrapping startups by living off savings from a previous job? I second the recommendation of Yosef K's FQA. It's not just an anti-C++ rant, but a pretty detailed explanation of a lot of C++'s features, interactions between features, and corner cases (and how those will bite you in the ass). Yeah, Chrome is actually reasonably good about making copied URLs be valid URLs, backing out any display that was done to them in the URL-bar. Better than Firefox on this: for example, in the URL bar, both Chrome and Firefox display '%7c' as '|', which makes the URL invalid. But when you copy it out of the URL bar, Chrome turns it back into %7c, whereas FF doesn't. The main odd UX issue is that you usually expect copying text to give you that same text in the clipboard, whereas in Chrome you get something magically changed. What are you trying to scrape? This is HN's robots.txt: User-Agent: * Disallow: /x? Disallow: /vote? Disallow: /reply? Disallow: /submitted? Disallow: /threads? That doesn't look like it blocks either the front page, the /newest page, or article pages (which have the form /item?id=N). Works for me--- I clicked "test" and got what looks like a list of HN's front-page links in the results. I agree that removing barriers to entry means more people can get in, but isn't that the point? I can see that, from the perspective of someone who would be in the market either way, more people is bad: you'd rather be one of 10 than one of 100. But what if I'm one of those 90? I'd rather be one of 100 than excluded from the market entirely. And it forces everyone to compete on innovation, rather than using market incumbency and competitive moats to keep up profits by keeping out competitors. Yeah, I'd be curious what the opinions of other researchers in this area are. There have been a number of debunked polynomial time algorithms for GI, so it's one of those things people are always skeptical of; but that of course doesn't mean this one is wrong too. The author of the paper recently posted a blog comment in which he says he submitted to a few journals, and complains that "referees did not find any fatal error in my proof, but all the journals rejected this paper": http://rjlipton.wordpress.com/2009/05/04/an-approach-to-grap... I'd take that as evidence that the referees at least didn't think it was a successful proof. The comment is attached to an old blog post about the problem from a well-known theoretical computer scientist (R.J. Lipton), but since it was posted about a year after the initial post, it hasn't gotten any replies. Distribution of wealth isn't necessarily the same in both situations, though, so things can really be materially better in one situation vs. the other for different sets of people. The closed-market situation leads to more divergent outcomes: you have wealthy people who are in profitable markets, and non-wealthy people who are kept out due to high barriers. Reducing market barriers makes that rigid in-v-out dichotomy harder to maintain, which is better for the people who would have been out in the closed-market situation. They can still only profit a little, but before they couldn't profit at all. Markets where capital is a requirement also tend to result in rich-get-richer effects, where you have to have money to enter profitable markets, which then make you more money. Low-barrier markets make it harder to get a return out of capital, and force people to get returns from other things, like their tech skills. (Of course, tech skills are probably correlated with wealth too, but not to the same extent that literally having piles of money is.) This seems like another skirmish in a fight that's been simmering for ~20 years within NASA over its various missions. One side, which most of the astronauts (incl. Armstrong) are on, thinks that manned exploration ought to be paramount, and therefore supports things like a return to the moon, a manned mission to Mars, etc. Another side, made up mostly of scientists, thinks collecting interesting data ought to be paramount, and tends to believe the most cost-effective way of doing that is via probes, satellites, and robotic rovers. Bush mostly sided with the first group, making a manned return to the moon as a stepping-stone to a manned trip to Mars the centerpiece of his NASA policy. Obama's mostly siding with the second group. The thread following this post is actually full of surprisingly good discussion; well worth a read for some of the points raised in the back-and-forth. You seem to have done the impossible, and uncovered a Cpedia article that might actually contain exactly the information a search-engine user was looking for... Yeah, the thing that keeps me from giving it much kudos is that I suspect it really is just sentences from the search results strung together in random order, with some noun phrases turned into section headers. And that's not really particularly innovative, though it's audacious to do it and call the result an encyclopedia article. If there is any attempt at producing coherent structure out of the sentences as they're strung together, it hasn't shone through... Guile has a "linking exception", explicitly permitting you to include the interpreter/compiler in a proprietary product. You do still have to release any changes to Guile itself you make, but that seems like a pro rather than con for popularity of a language, since operationally-different commercial forks with no source available are hardly the sorts of things that give a language value. The intended case, where you just embed the interpreter as-is and use it as the scripting language for your app, is perfectly fine to do from proprietary apps. Oops, I missed that change. Are there practical differences between LGPL and GPL-with-linking-exception? I thought the GPL with a linking exception was more or less what the LGPL was... Yeah, that's a good point--- Lua is another example of an MIT/BSD-style licensed embeddable language that in practice doesn't seem to have produced proprietary forks. The update after that one has a link to blogs.loc.gov, but it seems to be down, possibly due to interest in this announcement. Anyone have a mirror? The post: http://blogs.loc.gov/loc/2010/04/how-tweet-it-is-library-acq... That's talked about on and off, but one issue is that they'd have to filter deleted articles by deletion reason, at least broadly into "deleted for legal reasons" and "deleted for non-legal reasons" bins. There'd be no problem distributing a dump of articles deleted due to non-notability, but a dump of articles axed for copyright violation, libel, or other legal issues would be a problem. For specific articles deleted for non-legal reasons (most commonly notability), you can get a copy from a WP admin. Some have volunteered themselves as willing to answer requests: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Wikipedia_administrato... A lot of researchers just stream the decompressed stream directly from 7z into their analysis scripts. If you were to actually decompress to a giant XML file first, you'd both: 1. need a 6-TB drive; and 2. start getting disk I/O as a big bottleneck. In a lot of cases, the analysis scripts, rather than decompression, are the bottleneck anyway: 7z can feed you data faster than your XML parser and scripts can consume it. Yeah, every revision is standalone, which is why it compresses so well (obviously there are a lot of edits that make relatively small changes). One reason is to make it easier for researchers to grab specific revisions, e.g. run the dump through a filter returning only revisions as of June 1, 2006--- without having to apply a ton of diffs to reconstruct those revisions. The dump schema is something like: some metadata Article Title 15580374 139992 2002-01-26T15:28:12Z _delirium 82 vandalized this page Complete text of this revision of the article goes here. ...next revision of this page... ...revisions of the next page... > I wonder how big a content snapshot is, ie no article histories and no meta-material like talk pages or WP:xxx pages, just the user-facing content I don't know how big it is uncompressed, but they do have a dump of just that part: 2010-03-16 08:44:40 done Articles, templates, image descriptions, and primary meta-pages. 2010-03-16 08:44:40: enwiki 9654328 pages (255.402/sec), 9654328 revs (255.402/sec), 82.9% prefetched, ETA 2010-03-17 03:08:26 [max 26568677] This contains current versions of article content, and is the archive most mirror sites will probably want. pages-articles.xml.bz2 5.7 GB I'd guess it has to do mainly with 7z being able to use a larger block size, while bzip2's is 900kb; and possibly being able to do something better with large runs of repeated text. There are large articles with hundreds of revisions in a row that leave most of the content unchanged; [[George W. Bush]], for example, is around 180kb per revision, and is edited a lot , mostly with minor changes. So bzip2's block size means it can only squeeze 5 revisions per block: so in the degenerate case where 100 edits in a row changed only one character each, bz2 would be storing 20 or so basically identical copies of the article. IIRC from some tests a year or so ago, Wikipedia hasn't found any significant improvement from 7z over bz2 on the current-revisions-only dump, which looks more like just normal English text; that's why it doesn't bother to provide a separate 7z version of that. It seems to only be this pattern of [200kb article][almost the same 200kb article][almost the same 200kb article again] that 7z kills bz2 on. Yeah, the deleted articles could probably be automatically filtered, at least on a fail-safe basis by only dumping the ones that have a known "not a legal issue" deletion reason, like "notability" (there are even semi-formalized deletion codes, itself a mild absurdity). There are probably non-technical / non-legal reasons people don't want to dump them, but there's also some of just a "not a priority" aspect. The dump reported in this story is actually the first successful full-history dump in quite some time, because the dump scripts were perennially broken / bogging down due to the size of the data / crashing due to MySQL weirdness. So most of the dump effort has been on just getting the official stuff out. Next up on the priority list will probably be some way of doing image dumps. You do get a bit of a warning if you recreate a deleted page. When you go to the editing screen at the title of an article that was previously deleted, it'll show you the summary from the deletion log at the top, and ask you if you're sure you want to recreate it. There's also a "nothing can go here" protected placeholder used for articles that are persistently being recreated, which'll make it impossible to edit at that location. Yeah, I can sympathize on the Wikipedia-inner-sanctum thing. I was actually pretty deeply into it (I've been an admin since '04, was formerly on the Arbitration Committee, formerly active on the mailing lists, etc.), but as the Policy And Process kept accumulating, I lost interest in navigating it, so am more on the periphery these days. It's probably inevitable that things would go that direction, because in the early days there were probably Robustness: Having to essentially play back a log to recover any particular revision increases a chance of something eventually getting corrupted, and so it's somewhat safer to avoid it in something intended to be archival. Ease of extracting subsets: For researchers, having the revisions be independent allows you to filter the XML dump through a SAX parser (or similar) to grab only revisions meeting particular criteria. If deltas were stored, you'd have to reconstruct those revisions from the deltas, which would make it really expensive to do things like, "I want to look at every article as it appeared at noon on April 1, 2007". In the live DB, I think just because it's cheaper to get a ton of storage, esp. for rarely-retrieved old revisions, than to add the overhead of computing deltas and applying them to reconstruct revisions. In particular, you'd have to compute a diff for every edit in that situation, whereas currently MediaWiki only computes diffs when a user requests to view one from the "history" tab, which is a tiny proportion of all edits. Yeah, I think there's this odd view that creativity is ex nihilo , an unexplainable intercession from the cosmos that disrupts the usual ways of thinking. Since an area I care about is creativity in AI systems, we very much hope that isn't true, because simulating intercessions from the cosmos on computers is hard. ;-) Although it's got all sorts of things I disagree with, a decent overview of, "can we nail down creativity more specifically than just 'flash of inspiration'?", and in particular how it ties in with "normal" problem solving, is Margaret Boden's book: http://www.amazon.com/Creative-Mind-Myths-Mechanisms/dp/0415... Interesting. I haven't played yet, but I saw a video of a talk where he was talking about how this is his response to interactive drama. Essentially, instead of aiming at deep, believable AI characters with coherent yet non-linear plotlines, he just has one of the players be that "deep AI", sort of like D&D on a computer. (He doesn't like the D&D comparison, though.)