Design wise, a $100 FPGA board with a bunch of peripherals won't actually be able to run many of them at once. I have however designed a ~ $150 or so board (for prototyping) that has 10 bidirectional serial ports, a fast USB 2.0 port, and 20-30 general IO on 2mm headers, and runs on either a high or low precision 27MHz clock. The rev 2 one also has an ethernet port, a TiWi module, and a RAM chip, and a better/cheaper clock, but those features add on a bunch of cost. Connecting the RAM makes for a much more expensive pcb. you do actual measurements to see what factor the ambient temperature has on the measured temperature of a phone battery? How about having the phone touch a 37 degrees centigrade heat bath on one side (in other words: a human body) and ambient air on the other? Before this paper, could you have made any reliable prediction on how big an influence ambient temperatures were on the sensors in the battery? There are mechanical engineering textbooks on the subject, such as http://books.google.ca/books?id=vvyIoXEywMoC&hl=en . Reliable heat transfer analysis has existed long before this paper was released. knowing what the change in battery level is would allow for a pretty good estimate. They've taken a very different approach to the problem though, and are filtering heavily such that they can ignore most transient phenomena as it gets filtered away. If they're unpaid, does that still count? If you don't plan on using your laptop for anything outside of entertainment, being able to rewrite the software on the micro that controls the battery charging circuit is not particularly relevant or useful. note, these don't show up on mobile I'd like to see this combined with a regular paragraph for reading. Say it sits on the right, and you have text on the left. While skimming, if I spot something i want to read more in depth, I click on it, and the spritz starts. Then I start speed reading through on the spritz, and if I get stuck on something, I click again and the spritz pauses and highlights the current word or sentence. That way, I can quickly figure out where to read next. Then when I'm done, I click again and it continues to the end of the paragraph. That said, reading the faq was rather tiring as it is. I was trying really hard to avoid reading, which my eyes were unhappy about. find some other chip you like, and write an interface for it. Being human doesn't mean you have to be an asshole though. ysihan is really on the side of politicized, sanitized, pretentious, weasel-wording sock puppet; minus the sanitized part. Consider his posts about the celeb nude photos leaks http://www.redditblog.com/2014/09/every-man-is-responsible-f... and http://www.reddit.com/r/yishan/comments/2frlxb/and_now_to_ma... compared to somebody who's actually speaking like a human being http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/2fpdax/time_t... a larger population than that of the Netherlands, mind you. from wikipedia, new jersey: ~9 million Netherlands: ~7 million the crux of the issue is that you, the licensed operator of the automobile, have been trusted to identify possible hazards and adjust your speed accordingly. if you're driving to fast to stop for a pedestrian from a crowded sidewalk, you shouldnt have a license. poor statistics, I would guess. when you're shooting that fast, there are few photons per frame. if you have enough pins, a custom asic can do just about whatever you want. the data flowing into the HPU is likely huge, but it is processed down into something the CPU can deal with. no, reddit's ban types just aren't well publicised The score is a bit silly; to get a better one, just add more points. A smattering of poits scribbled close together nets me 220000, while a single big ring earns only 700. Nah, Harper's worried about environmentalists, and other possible threats to the dangerous pipelines his friends from the oil business want to put it. C-51 allows them to brand people as terrorists, and C-24 lets them ship'em out to one of the USA's torture facilities. With windows, Ive done very well with goodsync. It tries very hard to keep things synchronised nicely, including when the connection between clients is patchy. Isn't that what https://news.ycombinator.com/show is? If you rotate the triangular grid, you get an isometric grid, which is nice for sketching 3d models What does realscout do though? it would likely burn up on entry here's the werewolf version: http://www.games-wiki.org/wiki/Werewolves_of_Millers_Hollow/ having cards available as reminders of who's alive is very helpful The US has been in a political meltdown for what, 6 years? I lock the door when I leave the house, requiring me to have my keys by the time the door is locked. you could start a consulting company macbooks are giant passive heat sinks though; a wooden laptop doesn't conduct all that well > what is _____ anyway? I feel like that's a relevant question I have for most HN posts What does that mean for IBM and Express? My TI 89 runs BASIC. ...but it also gives me access to great symbolic manipulation tools, which more than makes up for it. I write with lingo now and then, when I want to quickly try out some game mechanic idea > Finally I went to see my doctor and explained how I felt. I told him my brain felt like a steam locomotive and that it took an immense effort to get it moving. He was extremely helpful and made me try Methylphenidate to start. It was like having the fog cleared from my brain That describes especially well! A good hangover tends to help me for a day or two, but generally its a steam engine in fog that's hard to get moving. i'd say the old code decomposes when people forget how to code well with the older features. not sure if that will happen, but it might cant you avoid that by using a video element, and placing it over the canvas with CSS? I'm on my phone data, and if puts me on the east coast instead of the west with investment, those skills could be trained that gets boring quick streak of 6 with a mean error of 0.03 My acer s7 does pretty well; I've repaired it from severe rain damage, and it's generally easy to disassemble and replace the parts to. it's got a reasonably nice screen, nice build quality, and reasonably good performance, though you cant change out the wifi chip, nor the ram The webasite also said about enough to do well, and the windows install it came with just had some acer junk on it. a friend of mine is working on a company like that. http://sharesy.co bees turn nectar into honey if you need to lift that much weight, you'll be using a crane, in which case your strength is a moot point. Assuming strength does matter for loading/unloading, the real culprit is how truckers are paid, not the strength of the driver. boost is also a noun though I second that. I learnt it/redux/react-router on Saturday. an engineer is more like a plumber than an inventor though. you don't need to design a new type of screw to make a one off aquaduct, you don't need to design new bearings to make a gear box, you don't need to design a new opamp to make an amplifier, nor do you need to design a new MVC framework to make a one off CRUD app. You use off the shelf parts and combine them with your knowledge and skills to produce and effective solution for your constraints. If you can't do it with existing stuff, then you design something new that can do it. > Convenient proxy factory bean superclass for proxy factory beans that create only singletons. that actually makes sense to somebody? I grabbed a boilerplate[1] and read through it to produce a basic CRUD app for tracking mini libraries. mostly follow where the data flows through, and look up details on anything that looks like it could be doing a lot of stuff. the gyst is, you have your state [Redux store] which is updated through reducer functions. Each reducer tracks the state for its part of the system, and is called with an action name+data when the state should change. actions are called through a function, dispatch. it is typical to run a function as it's input, dispatch(makeAction()) where makeAction does things like make a REST request. the state object is passed into React components as state and properties, which you can use for rendering HTML. to receive them, you register what you want from the reducers, and it is automagically passed in, and you can pass properties down to child components as HTML looking markup. when something happens, like a user types into a text box, you call dispatch with the new text to be added to the state, which then gets reduced and passed into the next render call of the component, to update what's shown in the text box. specific to that codebase, containers are top level components. routing is done as a React component, where you render a tree of possible routes, pulling out variables as you go, to feed into the component/container leaves, and the matching route is rendered. [1] https://github.com/choonkending/react-webpack-node [2] https://github.com/jhedin/little-libraries you could also have 1 library that depends on 50 different libraries, where you trust somebody to lock and update them responsibly you could also have 1 library that depends on 50 different libraries, where you trust somebody to lock and update them responsibly "I'm pro calzone" sounds like a parks and rec reference if you have to wire thousands of LEDs, it will take significantly longer to setup the problem, and I think that should factor into the time complexity it would be easier if the manufacturer has it drive you to the police station instead they did a lot better with closing Google reader than this. at least then, they gave you what you needed to get the same service through a different provider, whereas here, theres nothing translation: they use websockets on AWS with insane numbers NPM modules. it's easy on heroku. I haven't done it with native modules though CV: farming/drone air photography based on those examples, I'm confused as to why they support GNU, considering it can be used with non free software such as a windows kernel. It looks like GNU is abhorrent to the FSF. wow, those are some poorly flown lines in [2] That looks pretty interesting; I might apply. One question about the non-optional meetings: when are they? If I am in PST, will I have to skip sleep or work to attend? http://imgur.com/ypBQEWx Add some noise, and use all the inputs, and one 8 wide hidden layer edit: works better with a sigmoid activation curve, but it converges more slowly wih that particular data set, it looks like it really just adds more data, and more importantly, fills in the gaps along the spirals which is where my setup was having troubles. The noise doesn't go far enough to start confusing points between different clusters, but it adds more points. That said, my knowledge of neural nets is fairly limited. Alrighty. In that case, I will send in an app. Word2Vec looks both interesting and challenging. do you have a comparison for the number of miles between human errors? since they're watching me, they should suggest the version that I use the most frequently That's basically server side rendering; ReactDOMServer.renderToStaticMarkup would do it? I on't know if it affects a real DOM though; it might have weird side effects on the app. it's in android as boatily. also of note, the US has precedent of making the first strike: against Japan. I don't think a president Trump would have any reservations about nuking "terrorists' families" most of the plants and things were thing of building on don't have atmospheres, so most of the heat loss is radiative? I don't think an airless gap would do much to reduce it. Thank you for clearing that up! I've been unable to visualize anything except taste since the age of ~10. I figured that was something I had grown out of! > Is there a beneficial reason for telomeres shortening with time? So that people die instead of reproducing when they're old it solved differences between older browsers. now, they tend to follow standards, and that melding is less needed what's your evidence that gun violence is going up? when do you run things over when racing? higher up in this thread, it is argued that the primary purpose of a gun is either punching holes in a piece of paper or a "tin can" or busting clay birds. those don't seem like times when it is critical to work every time. they should be keeping that secret; good gravity models are a major part of the difference in accuracy of American missiles vs Russian ones. For important things like ICBMs, you don't want to trust easily spoofable navigation like GPS. Instead, you double integrate over the acceleration data obtained from very accurate accelerometers and gyros. since these sensors measure acceleration, and gravity is acceleration, any change in gravity over the missile's path will cause it to think it had moved differently than it did. Knowing the precise earth gravity then you can account for these changes. Changes in the magnetic field will affect compass readings, which help you decide what direction the missile is facing. Knowing the (fixed over time) change will help account for measurement error in the compass. I'm not sure how much that helps though, since the compass' earth field is constantly changing anyways due to the sun and magnetisation of the missile itself. The actual surface shape has an effect on the gravity experienced above the ground, but is also important to make sure you know what height you're aiming for, and that there's nothing in the way. it's more like the skillset for being a getaway driver. running over people doesn't require that much speed, but lots of agility. if you're driving really fast,a person will get out of the way, and you won't be able to turn fast enough to intercept them. the most natural thing to do with a car isn't to run people down though, it's to travel from one place to another. target practice is to racing, as shooting people (or hunting) is to a road trip. how often does a todler accidentally slice and stab their parent to death with a knife, versus shooting them to death with a gun? a knife isn't designed to kill because it's difficult to kill somebody with a knife by accident. A knife is designed to maim, explaining the large number of injuries, but much smaller number of deaths. > He is asking that researchers produce code that he can put into production. Provided someone's willing to pay for it, that could be a fun engineering job: implementing research papers as production code. Alternate: have the bitterest chocolate around(90-100%), such that you can only eat a square inch or so at a time. What would be considered deep experience with OpenCV? also, assuming you have said experience, is there a function somewhere that lets you do a findHomography with ransac, but lets you assume there's no perspective transformation? estimateRigidTransform seems close, but doesn't like outliers? I feel like facebook could create such a thing without effort. They should already know whee you are when you're at home, so they could make groups that cluster people by location. I think I've poked around in the source enough to be able to do that -- running into failed assertions in ORB and such:P 2: Thanks! I'll give that a try! coming up with side projects is difficult. They might have failed miserably at translating these words i maintain that love, and continue installing mx2004 on things Google music does it nicely it also lets me learn by example, with a clear ipicture of how a tool or library or whatever fits into the puzzle. Id go for two cameras, and try to hack some 3D recording out of it. and replacement inertial sensors, those always seem to break on me. edit: actually, it would be cool to put an FPGA on there. thorium is not in short supply. It's very easy to find more There's someone in Halifax researching Sodium Batteries, which would be a fair bit easier to find than lithium, though less effective. React is complex because there are realms of new things you can do with it that you couldnt do before in a web app, and the best version hasnt been found yet. any time you make something, you find that out from the people that will make it. usually they can also improve your designs to make then cheaper to produce as well. ... I thought that was standard teachings in mechanical engineering? I heard back a no. This was interesting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QM1iUe6IofM Reliable because it has to be is also a strong argument that what he's doing with his guns doesn't need that level of reliability. if that level of reliability was needed, non military grade guns would have it. I feel safer without the gun than I would with one. If you have one, you're the first target for everybody else with a gun. Kill you before you can start shooting back. that suggests that once born, an individual could have all of their genes removed, and be perfectly fine, other than not being able to pass on traits to a new individual. meaning is a nice convention to signify that something works well for some use case. like, you didn't intend to type anything, it was just a series random processes that resulted in some text, but by convention, it's nice to say that you meant to write something. what does that do for the unauthorized access laws? I would think "no expectation of privacy" implies that a computer is a public space. Wouldn't that make it difficult to say that an access was unauthorized? how do border crossings go for TNs. I'm about to get one, and am planning on visiting back reasonably frequently. Is that a problem at all? bikes in summer, cross country skis in winter for a fair bit of interactive data updating every second over websockets, ive had some success with DCjs. On ios, the performance wasnt the best though it was replaced with straight d3 i think, or maybe something rendering on canvas and there's a derivatived library called D4 as well for online tech talks, you could also have some kind of phone app that would show the slides yeah, and whats all this about mobile apps? a phone is for making phone calls, not browsing web pages and playing games. these thibgs would be better off if you called a phone number that would read out the weather to you and so on. If you want to leave a text message or an email, you should call up a phone service and tell them to write the email for you. you are not a fiduciary* you could easily be a financial advisor integers are frequently used to represent fixed point numbers anytime you're doing interesting math in an embedded system the tenths of a micron are such that you can get the micron measurements from the glass and thus the 5 micron prints i had that happen on my nexus 5. for me, it was a bug in the headphone jack, though i didnt bother to go about fixing it. in a call, the phone thinks theres another mic installed, and tried to use that instead. Id say both fox and NPR are unbiased. Bias is pretty well defined by comparison to the audience, unless you're clakmjng theres some magical neutral, but theres no way to define such a thing! so, fox's bias is the same as its audience, and NPR's with theirs, leaving no apparent bias for either of them. battlesnakes was soo fun this year! though part of my team spent most of the time in the food lines, which was a bit of a setback:P pepsi is really obvious though, it hs an aftertaste, and coke does not, along with being sweeter while i frequently agree with you, i disagree here. both code and travel regulations are lists of rules written in a terse language, and both are subject to bloat all of the time, abd parts become deprecated as times and priorities change. these are very comparable things, e cept that code can change quickly at a low cost, while regulations are costly to change. Because of the cheapness, software folks have put a lot of effort and study into optimizing how you make rule changes, which makes it very applicable to some other problem spaces the question is how to keep those cars clean though I recently accepted a job offer with Amazon and had fun with it. I got a random email saying they were coming to my hometown, so I did the "2hr" coding test everyone is complaining about... which was actually really easy and more like 1hr. then the day of, I biked down the river for coffee and lunch, then spent the afternoon coding on paper/laptop, and talking about past tech things I've done and why/how I did them. It was mostly a half and half split between the discussion and problem solving, then me trying to code one of my solutions in the last 10min of each interview, and mostly running out of time:P The next day they invited me to move to seattle, and out for beers that evening. You just wrote Facebook Fuck's Sake Syndication with 1 extra character, and with more reading difficulty! codewise, wouldnt the analog be writing a new set of unit tests for each dependency you pull? it'd probably make sense to do that, actually, so you can verfiy that the dependency actually fits your use case as time goes on. whooooooops I did a computer science degree. it's taken about 2 years from when I started it to pay off in spades is it the monarchy thats outdated though? or the idea of having a head of state? Id say it's the head of state -- one person shouldnt have that much power, and the list is even longer! constitutional monarchs do pretty well though, in that they avoid using any of that power to the largest extent that they can. in Canada, the CBC was pretty great until the conservatives annihilated their budget. In that time, they lost the license to the theme of their flagship show, Hockey Nightnin Canada, and after that, the show itself. Also, they lost the rights to report the olympics, and the news is much lower quality. its almost like public services dont work well when you defund them. In america, im sure most people would prefer leaded water if its half the price of unleaded stuff, too. roast your hazelnuts a bit! tthen you can roll them a bit and the skins fall off, and the whole nut gets more flavourful, too! Newfoundland is mostly cliffs around the ocean. im surprised that in each of these cases, the same company is used to deliver the package? why dont they send the first try with UPS, and the second with FedEx or someone else? the ruby versions isnt shorter though; you just included things you dont need: semi colons and 'let' theres a method for generating 3d point clouds from images using SIFT already i think i small windowed median filter would do a good job in this case the ones in my apartment really aren't compfy, and if you look closely, you quickly notice how much they cheaper out on everything depending on your mouth, you end up with your teeth covered in plaque, which protects them from cavities, but also gets you gingivitis and eventually your teeth will fall out your water might also have fluoride; when Calgary stopped fluoridating its water, i got a bunch of cavities. the wall was chat. there was one screen where you could check on who's online, then you'd write on their wall Not shown to have any medicinal properties* As it says at the bottom, if there are any, they're too difficult to isolate They could also pay their manufacturing workers higher wages They've added one good feature, not too long ago: a map view for housing That's why we always use bit shifts for division. it doesn't matter if we're using an exponential algorithm instead of a linear one: the thing we should care most about is how fast that division is. If you want to be fiscally responsible, that train clearly should not exist since it will be used by illegal aliens. Instead, they should spend the money on giving their law enforcement tanks to keep at each existing station and then if an illegal alien gets on board, they can quickly destroy the tracks and/or train. That way, no money will be spent on aliens, period. Plus, the police get the armaments they need to defend against this immigrant threat. The biggest ones are all from the government: computing and electronics/chip manufacturing GPS/inertial positioning internet new drugs and treatments its government r&d work isn't the problem in Flint that a set of politicians decided to switch the water source to a heavily polluted one in exchange for some financial compensation now that the lead particulate has gotten into all the existing pipes, it's an insurmountable problem, but still entirely a result of American corruption, rather than an engineering issue. a corporation will never have such liability in the US though... they can bribe a politician(s) into putting the risk on the government Who funded snyder's campaign? probably municipal bond holders be ause it's near guaranteed that someone made a nice profit on making Flint's water leaded each system is as violent as the people running it. An ideal king is just the land owner collecting rents from the people on their land, and lending rights to people they think can make more wealth from it. Capitalism is perfectly happy with slavery; it didn't end because it wasn't profitable. There's still some rather violent things in today's capitalism like "give me all your money or die from cancer" which when the capitalists gave you cancer, isn't much different than the violent king forcing you to farm. You give them what they want or you die. General consensus of people who've benefitted from said stealing* In each of the cases you listed, the person who would've had claims against them has power over the plaintiff Isn't that the wrong question? what I'd really like to know is whether banners are a worthwhile investment, not if they get clicked on. https://youtu.be/wYotaPjUE6A There's plenty of science in making better drugs You can still miss things -- you can only have so many interrupts fire at once. if all the pins change at the same time, you'll miss a few of em, especially if you're sending a serial message in the interrupt. you're also more likely to get more than you want, and have to debounce on the processor side. I'd go for a small fpga->ftdi usb controller. do a low pass filter on each pin, and when it goes above your threshold, throw it in a fifo that feeds the USB chip. your latency goes up with the number of changes that happen at once, but you're still using raw USB and not miss events that you're interested in. for the operating systems version of real time, i'd consider it polling to be real time. you ensure that part of your code will always take the same amount of time. isn't that Facebook's example for why they made react? the light is the number of notifications/chat messages you have available,and they could never get it to stay consistent? I use them for work to keep track of all the different systems' uis I need to use, but otherwise no: the address/search bar does better I'm not seeing anything unfair here. the society pays money to the government and in return have prisons. Society benefits from said prisons. If you're going to tackle unfairness in society, you should be aiming for the massive imbalance of wealth. Anything else is premature optimization that's somewhat less interesting than a per capita measure does it? it makes two big assumptions that leaves it open: 1. only state prisons are considered 2. only people in prison for a year or more are considered there's nothing in the comment showing that shorter term inmates are a smaller population, nor that they aren't mostly non violent offenders, nor that federal prisons aren't mostly non violent offenders. In total, the comment just shows that there are violent and nonviolent felons in prison I'm not seeing where you got "you wouldn't want this crowd anywhere near your house" out of this comment chain. Please elaborate its a hacked account. they might be trying to disburse money before amazon notices/refunds or maybe some scam for manipulating the bucket box? I do that. it's all it a neat folder, though I have not been required to show it to anyone yet the chances of the memory erroring in such a way that the checksum still matches becomes quite small Please elaborate. what do you mean by "anti-white" and "misandry"? that's a weird extrapolation, considering both "white" and "men" are represented in your commercial. If a company was showing off that their engineers quit within their first week, would you consider that a justification against taking a job there? There's information provided in promotional material lacking in women: the company isn't good at attracting and keeping women. If you're a woman then, it's reasonable to think that this might not be the right job. it's a competitive advantage in hiring. say there's five companies attracting just men, and there's one company attracting both men and women, all six are competing for the men, but only one gets the best women Isn't admittance to these schools largely oriented towards wealth/past wealth, and the preference in those "prestigious" schools just to make sure that only wealthy families get those jobs? In that case, if it's a meaningful amount of money to you, it's probably not worth the investment because those firms will still look at you poorly If I'm reading this right, the context still says that one should not give up their rights in exchange for safety. If it was strictly pro defense, he would've taken the money and given up on governance. Having tax authority is essential for the government, and it shouldn't give it up for the sake of temporary defence money; privacy is essential to citizens, and shouldn't be given up for temporary protection from terrorists. Prescriptivist linguistics is pretty silly though -- words mean what people use them fo what kinds of problems can we solve with an analytic solution to the 3 body problem instead of a numerical one? it doesn't sound like redux is the right tool for the job. You're looking for a stream/file. You could still have a redux store, but it's role would be to manage the stream(process updates, keep track of errors, kill the stream if there are too many errors) rather than store the data for the job. my mechanical watch keeps telling good time for days when I go out camping, whereas my phone will be dead or out of service. Otherwise, generally when I need to know the time, it's at the end of a night out and I'd like to catch the bus, or at least know if theres still another bus coming. My phone tends to be on its last legs by that point, and frequently is dead another benefit is charging -- when I'm wearing a watch, I wind it instead of fidgeting, and I'm not stuck waiting at an outlet for my phone to charge. The same could be said about the US. If they could transition to a better system of government, they'd be doing fine with globalisation. what about just adding a heavy watch? that would at least cut down the frequency of the tremors, which could help the brain get its act together it's also now getting towards time to retire my SP3 but by that point, the moment it's in the airport again, it's toast what's the second dimension on rotation? you can completely describe it using the angle. you could cut those ones off with scissors. I've got that problem; it's correctable either with prim glasses, or with surgery to tighten up some of the muscles that control your eyes You can also do some practice with 3d pictures to build up better control. I made a thing for that that uses red/cyan 3d glasses. http://web.uvic.ca/~jhedin/Other%20Work/tranaglyphs/ minerals and energy Which meat eating animals live into their hundreds? My SP3 was bent by the dock until the screen broke Left one day with it docked, came back to a broken screen oh hey, I work on a team that should prevent this kind of thing. This should be fun to fix. [I'm not allowed to say more on the topic, nor do I speak for Amazon, as per the current Amazon guidelines on what we're allowed to talk about on social media. We're hiring though, and it's a fun adversarial engineering job] You're saying that like it's a reasonable condition. Other sellers of things don't have such conditions like, having it be against ToS to resell your car or your forks. Yes, that's why we have labour unions. The cost should be high because we demand it to be so, not because of a shortage. I'm surprised there isn't a separate copy of all the code in French, or at least the code comments I imagine knowledge over whether those are the exception or the rule for the US military is classified. they don't have to tell you when they've been doing evil I doubt that Drumpf was ever destitute when declaring bankruptcy. Students get off easy as far as assets go. they don't have any yet, so there's nothing to get rid of. isn't the Amazon app store already banned from Google's app store? it's the engineer part that suggests the moral uprightness. without that, it's more "developer" "good" as in having the qualities required for a particular role, as per Google. exactly. before 2015, you had to pay Comcast extra if you wanted a package that included access to Google, and even more if you wanted reasonable speeds to get to your Facebook feeds those were the golden days that created the internet. remember when Microsoft payed out to isps to close down access to altavista so they could get more users to use Bing? what does the lack of a monarch have to do with how much representation an area has. truly, the US is an oligarchy. regardless of what votes say, actual decision making and power rests with the wealthy nobles, like the Trumps and Kochs. It is an oligarchy though. just because Trump has an official position now doesn't mean he didn't have much more political power than other citizens before that. just listen to how he speaks about senators and congressfolk, who will "do anything for campaign contributions" I'm surprised the packages are put in with the route in mind to add another data point: if I want a fresh baked good, I'll get it from a dedicated bakery or bake it myself Religions don't impose morality on societies; they're a marketplace competing to communicate the society's morals. when society decided human sacrifices weren't moral, they ditched those religions in favour of ones without human sacrifice. it doesn't have to be a relgion that communicates what the morals are; some other structure can do that. morality itself seems to be good for societies ability to reproduce, so it'll probably stick around regardless. maybe it's vision more than anything. you've got a thing you want to make, but you get stuck along the way. it's too slow, or doesn't fit in memory, so you have to figure out how to optimize what you've got before you can keep building. I think he thought produce was a verb and not a type of raw food Brittle things break with normal force. ductile things break in shear. it's probably not much different than waking up and saying "I personally have enough wealth to keep 100 people fed for three years" and not do it. link 0 is inaccurate. Reddit retracted that statement on CSS, saying mod created styles will stick around. Calgary made money on the olympics; our HQ2 bid isn't shortlisted though isn't the public school example already true? houses around favourable public schools have higher value, and thus higher property taxes. it makes the union workers the beneficiaries of automation. if automation lowers amount of labour needed, it's less work that the workers have to do, not fewer workers that the employer needs to hire. where's the engineering though? how much weaker is the glass thanks to these curves. what's the factor of safety? where are they intending the glass to break? how did they use that to minimize the damage to the rest of the device when that happens? is it easier to remove the screen there? different shapes cause the strength to change in different ways. certain notch designs are much better than others for keeping the screen from breaking. the Senate was included in the legislative branch to avoid the government serving the broad consituency too well. wouldn't a cache aware data structure depend on assuming certain cache sizes and other properties to match a cache aware algorithm? I think the more apt comparison to letting people die if they can afford healthcare is for Equifax to make all their data public, and you can pay Equifax a couple thousand a month to make data about you private. up the bay and down the bay can also be towards/away from the ocean in some parts of Newfoundland natural selection: the ones that don't eat will survive, and the ones that do will die I'm very confused about the point of having a lawn is. if you're going to have something you cany walk on, why put in grass, one of the plants thats well adapted to be walked on in the US, it's forever. thats a big leap you're making from "we need better a better engaged and more knowledgeable populace with a higher standard of living" to "we should scrap democracy and become Soviets" have you breadboarded it out with transistors though? when was the last time you designed a board? when was the last time you laid telephone poles or dug tunnels for wires? designed fiber optics for cross ocean communications? launched a satellite for your GPS? at some level, you're always going to be assuming the layer before reasonably works the way somebody gave it to you. Its not cargo culting if you know where the actual dependence is, and both rails and heroku make it fairly clear what kinds of things they are doing. Even if you don't know how they're doing it, you know that without running the heroku part, you cant load the page in the browser, and without the rails part, you don't get any files you can change. most of the time, I don't really need to compile/run the code/tests to know I'm on the right track/it'll work well this minor cleanup. Then, once every few days I can pull out the remote box/IDE and clean up whatever bits of syntax/imports/typos I got wrong or forgot about. supposing that within the next few years, Trump disbands the CFPB, what's the next option? if it's not in the territory for engineers, who's designing and building the quantum computers, and coming up with solutions to these noise problems? whenever that question gets brought up, I'm always confused why the laws allowing the leader excess power aren't written to expire when that leader loses power. https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/pwn I got it from mbasic.facebook.com I recently got reorged into brand protection. you can probably get somewhere by messaging seller-performance@amazon.com getting input data for counterfeiting is difficult. A good amount of bad actor behaviour is really easy to detect; customers will notice almost certainly notice if their package doesn't show up. Counterfeits however, are difficult; somebody has to notice, and care that the thing is a counterfeit, and if this is the first time I'm buying one of these anchors, how am I to know how nice the seams are supposed to be? if it works, I'm happy. To get around image section though, all you need is a real box of the thing. you can just buy a bunch of it and repackage, and sell the original separately. (just for reference, the cloud guys are relying on us for a lot of their detection, not the other way around) it's pretty cost effective for the counterfeiters to be mechanical Turks, or pay people to be mechanical Turks. somebody from Amazon want to say where the customer obsession is that in blocking product ts that have good reviews? it's not illegal for Google to block Amazon's app store from Google play I used to use it for events too, till they broke events pages in mbasic so the difference is that super latices are thicker? it seems to me like anither short hand for describing a three act structure: first act: once upon a time there was ____. Every day,____. inciting incident: One day ___. second act: Because of that, ___. Because of that, ____. third act: Until finally ____. significantly more efficient and fpga-like the article say "about one billion years" humans probably rounded it to one billion so they can talk about it more easily as long as the score can go back up, that Confucian requirement would be met. even if they were taxing outside their borders, they determine access to something the tech companies want: European users. that seems like a different problem than pentions being inherently unsustainable. Why would Amazon want to give this data away? If somebody else can use the data better than amazon, they'll probably steal the sales from Amazon too, and amazon loses out. You can say the same about most things that happen currently. historically, civilizations that survived did not use computers, for instance. Thus, if you want to avoid socital collapse, you should enforce that nobody uses computers. You wouldn't consider it AI because it's good at it's job. We only consider things to be AI while they suck at making decisions. how else are you going to include pacman's ghosts as using AI? all kinds of things can learn to think things are dogs. you don't need an image to me that sounds like a standard Uber driver you still need permission to do it, even if you don't need to trust the permission granter. you can't opt out of the interstate highways either. you get stuck with whatever pollution they bring into your neighborhood are those really orwellian though? they could make an orwellian system on top of it where they destroy government IDs to unperson you, but in and of itself, those aren't very orwellian. none of those things preclude it from being the world's most rapidly improving country, nor being the world's biggest economy. that seems pretty simple, really: the company chooses one jurisdiction to operate in Nothing requires Google to do business in Canada, and it's not like this is the first Canadian law to extend to things that happen internationally. Google makes money advertising to Canadians. that sounds a lot like operating in canada isn't it usually from republican controlled governments? it's easiest for US puppet states, more than communist ones. As per the top comment in the thread, this is something ameica frequently does to other countries. really, it's the basis of America: the argument is still that it looked shabby under the native Americans, so the Americans were right to take it from them without compensation I'm sure somebody would buy at least some of them if they were on offer I want somebody who benefits from me being healthy on a long term to choose for me. you can tell beforehand that its possible for somebody to suddenly jump out, so yes, you probably should be going 5mph to be an accurate slice of history, fakes are important! how else are you going to know who was making fakes of the artist and when? can the title be changed to implant? I first read it as brain simulator, and was expecting a eulogy for her dead ai I'm a 27 yo with $70k to sock away who's confused by your units. I've been holding off adding a bank account till I open a new one specifically for robinhood It's Google. you must ask yourself, what aren't they collecting? so western countries throw our trash into the ocean using Chinese rivers because westerners are too cheap to pay for good recycling? still seems like the west is responsible. having a mechanical background: it's a way to define objects so you can throw more hardware at the problem to get better approximations on how they deform and break. he should have had seven. three is still a decline from the generation before. nothing requires you to be let out of those cells. All those people in Guantanamo are going to die there. yes, the US imprisons people based on how they look, not what they say. I don't know why you're calling out russia and the CCP specifically for that. it seems to be an American thing too, and reasonably common everywhere to make ennemies so you can have distractions from misrule and corruption. stay in dry saunas instead? That's assuming that over those years, the market would select for safer flights and not cheaper ones at the expense of safety. they aren't getting the service indefinitely, why should you get the data indefinitely? Hi, I’m [name] with [station]. Our greatest responsibility is to serve our communities. I am extremely proud of the quality, balanced journalism that [station] produces, but I’m concerned about the troubling trend of irresponsible, one-sided news stories plaguing our country. The sharing of biased and false news has become all too common on social media. More alarming, some media outlets publish these same fake stories without checking facts first. Unfortunately, some members of the media use their platforms to push their own personal bias and agenda to control exactly what people think. This is extremely dangerous to our democracy. At [station], it is our responsibility to report and pursue the truth. We understand the truth is neither politically left nor right. Our commitment to factual reporting is the foundation of our credibility now more than ever. But we are human, and sometimes our reporting might fall short. If you believe our coverage is unfair, please reach out through our [station] website by clicking on “Content Concerns.” We value your comments and we will respond back to you. We work very hard to seek the truth and strive to be fair, balanced, and factual. We consider it our honor and privilege to responsibly deliver the news every day. Thank you for watching, and we appreciate your feedback. ------ American free press is getting to choose which reporter presents that script to you I imagine it's about NAFTA negotiations. Trump can probably get any concession he wants if the threat is to end Albertan oil exports. If Trudeau's going to ensure Canada doesn't get screwed, we need to not have absolute dependence on the US to drive a large part of our economy. I'm surprised there's no measure for life expectancy, given you made it to age 20. in both cases, it could be said as "out to make money" not "out to get you" it just so happens that it's always very profitable to sell opium. I'm pretty sure China is in the real world racist uncle Joe doesn't get penalised either, so I don't think it's an apt comparison depends what you mean by penalize. the US government doesn't give sufficient services that you can live just fine without a good credit score, so in essence, it is penalizing you. it's just a distributed punishment I was working on making a reddit auto repost detector bot based on opencv that I was going to leave running on an old phone. I got node running on it without this though, but funemployment ended before getting the proper drivers running on it that inherently seems off; conservatives are defined by trying to follow traditions and precedent. Not changing is their thing it's pretending to be legal in those states, whereas in canada, it will actually be legal. is there really a big difference? the government has a right to any data the bank collects about you what's democratic about states being guaranteed representation? democracy is about people having a say, not abstract entities the real thing is that engineering is much harder and more expensive than software engineering. don't competitive folks use smaller screens with higher and higher framerates? My family does airborne mineral exploration, and it's the same for thorium (we look for three types of radiation to determine whether a certain spot is likely to be uranium: uranium, potassium, and thorium) the benefit is that you can directly tell that it's uranium due to it giving off specific wavelengths, vs with diamonds, you need significant interpretation of the data to look for not-diamonds and hope that there are diamonds there too I learned to code between lingo and the director ide. it was great fun, though being able to change your inheritance tree on the fly is... interesting isn't that the promise of a self driving car though? it can respond faster to dangerous situations? I only need a couple tests to check if my python is still alive. no need for any fancy tooling I think the same goes to you. The US goverent is built such that it's function can change over time. If you want something fixed, you should move to a country where citizens don't get a say in policy I don't think there are people who require zero government services. no matter what, you'll be benefitting from something -- at the very least, that no other army will invade it's also a boon towards eventually 3d printing the scaffolding instead of using a pregrown one wouldn't it infringe on Apple's free speech to force them to keep the pointers? they're making a political statement by removing them Jordan Klepper might be the opposer you're looking for. Unfortunately, they were cancelled recently in countries with so many men and so few women, I imagine that will switch wow, you keep your laptop for a very long time by straight having a frame buffer vs having a couple lines buffered, I'd imagine it's still the fpga, except now the GPU needs even more memory to do the same task all my extended family on the swedish side had many lovers, and a child with each, so that might be the same thing which Americans are you putting first though, the workers, the customers, or the owners? it's much more reasonable than alternative God based options that match aramaic scripture, imo But the webapp will still play through apples browser, and apple should still get a cut on all your sales for providing it I don't want to subject my drivers to dangerous conditions to train my cars to handle them and containers themselves are pretty new technology except when the owners of the IP don't actually make new medicines, and instead us that money to buy more IP to charge higher prices for Just as bad in a few weeks seems like a bit of an overstatement then, unless you're replacing your pads based on their wear rate instead of how worn they are is it better than the search without ads? wasn't this 70s drug law to prevent people from voting agaisnt Nixon? those people would still vote against Trump, so they shouldn't be allowed to That misses all the homeless people who are living in their vans but how will it know if my sailing by the Lee is faster than the waves? and I'll lose out of surfing! Cody's lab is great for seeing what things are possible, but less so for how you do them. eg. how do you identify the reactions needed to do x? Lindsay Ellis for film theory meh, the ocean in BC is peachy by comparison to Newfoundland if the problem is that the file is missing, FileNotFoundException sounds like the most useful one my mechanical engineering curriculum included a basic numerical methods course in 3rd year along with a finite difference heavy heat transfer course, then optional courses on FEA and CFD in fourth year, that get you through the theoretical backing and writing your own solvers. I'd assume any accredited Canadian university would have the same > Sure but nobody is disputing this in the first place, so making such a statement is at best irrelevant and at worst a bad argument designed to derail a discussion. that was the crux of the argument though. All the nitpicks about whether chemical is the right word are a distraction. the poster isn't against things because they're chemicals, and presenting it as such is silly. Hey now, not that long ago, we assumed that the universe had C, P, and T symmetry, but after looking closely at the weak force, have found that our universe only maybe has CPT symmetry. We could still find out that CPT symmetry is bunk. Just jump to the real limit: at some point, you can't fit more information into a space without creating a black hole. how would you measure the moment of inertia though? probably by checking your changes in angular momentum when applying a moment is measuring the moment of inertia not standard? I think any mechanical engineer would suggest it for that kind of problem (disclaimer; I've suggested it before for the same problem) it's even easier than the comment above suggests why wouldn't standing in front of a car to rob the driver work now? surely most people aren't going to run you over shouldn't it be the last time the oligarchs took over an industry? they broke my main use of Facebook for it, which also helps a lot supposing waiter and waitress are both equally qualifying for a job, and most applicants are men, won't the ai score waiter as being more valuable than waitress? how does that combine with the world's trash being shipped to East Asia to be dealt with? is it actually Asian consumers creating the waste, or is it American trash being thrown in Chinese rivers? seems reasonable. you already can't contribute above some amount tax free, and you shouldnt have more than 30M dollars put away for retirement is that including the richest folks in the average or not? my understanding is that other than the top 10% or so, average income is not keeping up with inflation I don't understand what the relief would be. replacing non-american workers with machines does nothing to help American workers nah, they'd just change their name more frequently if you moved towns, nobody would know who you are couldn't someone in power just buy that link information from someone like Equifax? the important thing is that it doesn't matter what the parent assumed. whether the actual time is 10 minutes or 100 years, knowing that somebody else solved one recently doesn't speed up your time to find one a very late bus grabs everyone from each stop, so the next bus ends up early because it skips a bunch of less popular stops and so even if the fisa courts said no, the data would still arrive you probably should have used digikey for your LED strips > [Muslims] have a fairly high rate of terrorism compared to other ideologies that seems like a big assumption. The US does that too; it's called sanctions, and secondary sanctions. I think Germany would be significantly more NAZI today if they hadn't been deplatformed after the war. not deplatforming didn't go too well in the US. look at all the white power folks who are showing up, even though they kept their platforms after the civil war. ah, so that's how Hitler was beaten? everyone just started talking and the NAZIs just dissapeared? YouTube is a publisher, and acts with editorial control. Right now, they're emphasizing Indian content. it's they're freedom to downplay Western content to get broader appeal to an Indian audience I for one, only see one side shooting up synagogues, and locking children in cages The basic infrastructure is there regardless.of whether you can access the internet. People will still have eyes and ears and can walk to each other, just like they always do. > I haven't heard of this specifically, but the #MeToo movement bothers me greatly, because it implies that we suddenly learned you needed consent for sex; like it was some new revelation it's true though; it's largely in response to somebody bragging about not getting consent being elected to the highest office of the US. Without it, Hollywood would still be thinking sexual assault is just the norm, and women have to accept it if they want to move their carear forward That said,the current HQ is a revitalized community of what used to be Auto industry warehouses I've been a lunch buddy before. I don't remember there being anywhere on the interview app for me to put in feedback. I see lunch buddy's responsibility being to make sure you're well fed and caffeinated, and ready for the afternoon interviews/excited about the team/org. and China is doing the same, and shouldn't be criticized for it As neither a US nor Chinese citizen I don't see the big deal. Who cares if the US or Chinese government steals all your secrets it's not the worst comparison. Google search is removing our need, and thus ability to remember things I switched pretty easily because suddenly Uber stopped accepting my credit card almost certainly less than you're paying. they still need to make a profit Why is city in quotes? I for one, would ocassionally introduce a bug where the monster hits the player instead of the other way around first, I'd like to see it replicated with different materials, and get a better definition of the assumptions required for it to apply you'd also spend a whole ton of time waiting for players to get on and off the field. had they continued the same game instead of drawn, caruana would have had 15min to make 10 moves https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/sport/live/... won't that depend on how well synced the waves are? if you get the wrong phase, you're doubling the amplitude aren't vendors suppliers? they did have examples of individual contributors doing it, and had been wishy washy on who should benefit from affiliate links for a long time prior I think if you're going to do a replication study, you should collect a different data set about the same subject, and use the same method, then see if you get the same results. The next step would be for china to invade and force a change in US laws to allow fentanyl in Canada up north, people shoot at passing airplanes fairly frequently More likely, somebody wanted to have fun with drones, then went about trying to sell it to amazon higher ups my apartment in Seattle has a specific drone landing spot permanent magnets tend to demagnetize when you beat them around, too they do ship you tons of them though I kinda think of libraries vs scripts: the library implements how to do the lower level -- which things you can do, and takes care of doing it and the script deals with which things you want to do and when some examples: I made some opencv bindings for JS, and the library changes did the heavy image processing algorthims, and the JS script chose which ones to use with what parameters for some video game or another, there was a library for what an NPC can do, and scripts for how they act within the world, including things that are more like movie scripts detailing whow says what adn where they walk promise chains do that pretty nicely Promise.start() .then(doOnething) .then(doSecondThing) .then(doThirdThing) .then(doLastThing) .catch(handlesomeerrors) your robots can pick up the butts, and deliver them to the smoker's house are Muslim bans open minded? I feel like there's a definitional problem with that for vr: you're still wearing the big black glasses/head gear, so if you can see everyone naturally, you can't actually see their faces isn't that a different statement? releasing some doesn't mean he released everything, or stuff Russia wasn't okay with him releasing. > It is false and defamatory to suggest that WikiLeaks or Julian Assange shared documents with a dictator so no dictators have read any documents on WikiLeaks? huh? he's making the undocumented folks not powerless and able to demand at least minimum wage? I guess that would do a good job at making poor Americans more competitive against undocumented workers I think this is a good description of why an absolute free speech site will never flourish: https://youtu.be/r3snVCRo_bI what you describe is basically just Reddit, but with the people nobody wants to talk to on Reddit ... so mostly just the people you don't want to talk to on Reddit talking to each other,which has no mass appeal i think that's usually "good moderation is expensive, and we can't afford it" that doesn't answer whether he'd be able to work the same role at a different company, regardless of name. $100k? less? If they want their kids to be rich, they should teach their children to get rich, not just be rich can't the government do that right now? there's incentive for the government to assisinate billionaires and forge wills that donate the whole shebang to the government. and yet, they don't do this? it can't be a great incentive if you ruin your only competitor, the antitrust folks will come after you I'm perfectly okay with beer brands telling me when they're going to be open with a new limited time product. Surely you've heard of the most recent American version, Guantanamo? would there have been a Hitler if the US hadn't joined in WW1? seems to have gone badly to me. my understanding is that china doesn't like that the US thinks china needs American permission to do trade through the Pacific ocean, and America doesn't like that china doesn't buy their weapons. the only thing the Americans don't like about China's system is that it's not controlled by the American government/companies. Dictatorships over non-americans aren't exactly a problem with Americans I'm not sure if that's a good thing. the bar for elementary teachers might just be too low of individuals talented at negotiating* not necesarily talented at doing the job sounds like you make apps to help logistical actors to drop their phones. id say amazon not carrying an item is a application of free speech. publisher is saying "this is how you cure autism" and amazon is saying "no, that isn't" for amazon to leave it up would be to not use their freedom, which is bad because using free speech is good. dictionaries are descriptive, not authoritative. whether this counts as censorship or not will always be up to debate. I'd see these as all being applications of speech; amazon is making a statement about these books by putting them in the store front. Folks like Donald Trump or Sean hannity have lots of influence, but we don't prevent them from speaking because of it. a judge, most likely but what about multiple Trojans at once, that each download a piece of more intrusive code, but it only starts up once all the pieces are available on the same network? that sounds like the engineers are at fault for not refusing to stamp the thing. that assumes the bomber isn't intending to maximize collateral damage I'd likely contribute something to gcc, so I'd be getting some money back when everyone else uses it. You could likely fund openSSL properly if people had to pay some minimal tax on it, that could be offset by contributing that happened to my PayPal account. I've got one on my keys, and one stuck in the back of my monitor. sure, somebody could steal it, but I'm bit going to lose it sounds like a great time to make it a matter of legal compliance; that way, they can always blame the government for how it's done. yes, I'm not importing that data to the USA? wouldn't that happen anyways? if people have money on banks, they're still going to use it eventually. the thing that changes if the money is under mattresses is that the banks stop having money to lend and invest. I don't know if that creates inflation or not? I imagine they'll lose that eventually, so that the radio band can be privatized a river isn't going to make its own websites though, so there's no need for such a TLD but amazon the company was named after the river's properties, not the warriors properties. democrats are against ID laws because the government and employers together have made it too difficult to get an ID for the working class if you don't work, your income isn't taxed, so it does not compel you to work. You could not work and not be taxed how do make effective action items with that root cause? still not quite. more like a node where you join parallel circuits back together; the total volume of stuff moving, current, is the addition of everything coming in, rather than blocking and switching things. guessing, before watching: 1 point intersecting 2 points intersecting infiniteish points intersecting (does that even count as two circles?) 0 points intersecting (linked as a chain through a different dimension) oo, also 0 points intersecting (one completely inscribed by the other) edit: I broke the rules of circles overlapping the problem you'll run into is making sure those "real IDs" are actually real IDs Isn't the R&D money for scientists and labs coming from the US government? business drug R&D follows the "which drug patents can we buy and Jack the prices up for extra profit?" I could see this being used to check USB chargers to make sure they don't catch fire when weird things happen 110 years ago when my house in Calgary was built, they were sold as kits by Sears. they're essentially the same cookie cutters that there are now. => one that requires you to buy it dog food, and can auto-order more when it notices the bag getting low and when he's been a good boy, it auto orders fancier treats I'd imagine America's forced reeducation camps in Germany after WW2 would count as deplatforming nazis which is demonstrably not true? that belief in free speech assumes the right arguments winning, or that the right arguments win? "It worked" likely refers to them being more profitable without having the undesirable communities on their platform so, when you claim to deplatform something, then let let them on anyways, you're not doing well? is that a counter point, or just an example of Italy's government being impotent? if it were china, the members of those parties would all be dead already good to know they're still marketing to both T-Mobile and sprint; I'm guessing my phone is not yet included that's an argument from authority rather than one of science though. we believe things only once we've exhausted our attempts to disprove it Why does it matter what people were doing before? they don't have any power, only the current president. Claiming Obama did it, and Obama was Jesus, so it must have been good, sounds really strange coming from the group who claim Obama is the antichrist isn't crossing the border without a visa a civil matter, not "illegal" ? Reading your links, I couldn't find any numbers for how many children were DNA tested while Obama was in office? How many was it? or did this launch under the Trump administration? I'm unclear about what's "fake news" that dna testing children is bad? From your comment, it sounds like you think Obama is infallible, and so anything he did must have been the best, most moral option possible. or that the blame should be on Obama? but that doesn't make sense, because Trump held all the branches of government for 2 years, and didn't rescind this, when most of his presidency has been about undoing everything Obama did. a wall would do the opposite though, wouldn't it? break through the wall, and you have even more time before CBP can respond. comparing against alternative means, like having more drone coverage, and better CBP placement based on ML analysis of the drone input would be a far more cost effective mechanism for the same thing i mean, if you'd been black, you'd have been stopped at bullet point instead of gun point... it was successful: there was hope, then there was change to stop Congress from doing any work. is that to say that Ron Paul speaks for the Republican party? I didn't know they hated wars and spying. is it still the 1400s? how frequent did planes land in Britannia from the picts? more recently, how'd the Maginot line go? what makes defence against warring enemies similar to preventing immigrants? Some republicans are too; why does it matter, when the democrats and republicans with power are not? thanks, I've always been confused on that one. can you elaborate? I'm not sure what this is supposed to mean. some fascists don't like wasting money? I don't particularly trust them though. instead of just audio, some cheap dongle maker gets full USB access to my phone Canadians differentiate between condos and apartments. at least, they do in every town/city I've lived/hung around in {Calgary, Victoria, Vancouver} theres a two pager where they're hybridizing sunflowers with artichokes to that effect, but they've so far steered away from the targeted genetic modification I think there is actually oxygen in space. maybe not as much as on Earth, but it's still there https://pubs.geoscienceworld.org/msa/rimg/article-abstract/6... I'm not clear what people with pre-existing conditions should do if they don't trust the federal government to do it right. I don't think you need smart buses to be able to add/remove capacity to a route as it fills. the data collection/aggregation/analysis sound like the fast part of getting a bus to a route, even if it's bus drivers calling in to report a busy route. the slow part would be getting the bus to the route as long as you're interpolating, it should do just fine. if you're extrapolating, it'll depend on whether you've assumed the right boundary conditions, but that's true for any model safety factor less than 1? you're planning that the thing will break early? is it really? Donald Trump runs both for his own profit as he sees fit. my calculus answer is that usually you see 0/0 when looking for limits 1/0 definitely has no real value 0/0 might have one, but you've framed the question poorly -- if you rewrite the problem in a different way, you might find the value of 0/0 for your case eg, by applying L'Hôpital's rule if you have the ML that parses the plates, you could make adversarial plates that it couldn't find and there's a library around that can do it for you, at least in java it's called Penrose, but there's no example of a Penrose diagram? yeah, it's more comparable to Androids and iPhones. the US government could deploy an update to turn any phone into a spy device because both apple and Google are headquartered in the US If it's a better model for a company to follow, why shouldn't I as a consumer be able to buy from them? the trademarks, patents, contracts, and license enforcements are broken, and China/Huawei shows how much better technology can be made without them. The free market chose Huawei, a company without patent and trade distortions I think there's a misplaced assumption here, that you should trust a network to keep your traffic safe. it's reasonable to think that regardless of their SSL implementation, you should assume that the network owner is going to try and spy on your traffic and sell it to the highest bidder [flagged] why single out china? countries like Japan send them how much rice? high risk sexual activity? I can say most would oppose letting people would be against letting people have sex on a tightrope between two skyscrapers in new York, or in the aisle of a city bus Is it? I feel like it's a question of prioritizing. Why focus on application size when you could instead polish a feature? when somebody technically violated the law, but there's reasonable doubt, it's not nullification I don't think what to do during the failure case is part of chaos engineering. identifying that it needs to do something, and whether it does it or not is part of chaos engineering. eg by turning off the DB for a bit and seeing what it does I'm imaging failure cases under high Gs when the thing tries to do some high speed data transfer? let the traces move enough to introduce cross talk if its vibrated and accelerated in just the right way. There is a short term gain, even if they never get used against china: the US and it's allies have to spend more in testing to account for the Chinese built PCBs. I don't think that solves the issue. whether you're looking down or forward, you're spending your attention looking at the HUD, not the road or any other sensor. that sounds a lot like why the drinking age is 21 in the states. one state moved the age, so all their young partiers moved their binging and drunk driving to neighboring states, who then had to move their drinking ages, until there was national agreement. if 4chan didn't want all the kicked out weirdos, it should have kicked them out too that sounds highly unethical. none of those people agreed to go on the trip I get those timeouts from Dynamo. the solution according to support is to set your own aws client config that kills connections if the timeout is larger than expected. the 60s is defined in the default client config relying on churches to provide charity puts an emphasis on crowds rather than individuals if you don't at least pretend to be Christian, or if you're say, gay, or like abortions, you lose access to many charitable funds, reducing your individual liberty when the rubber hits the road it doesn't even mean that. I've seen unfolding Ethernet ports that still let the laptop be crazy thin you still need the card to support that speed though... I'd imagine the card reader and USB are the same speed, unless they screwed up the implementation of the reader one skill I've learned working on/deprecating and replacing legacy code is what I'd call Code Archaeology: the practice of identifying what a legacy system does given some edge case; why it does it; whether that's the right thing to do, given that the ecosystem has changed significantly; and whether that section can be safely turned off. I haven't seen the results of putting that on a resume yet though. not from a warranty though; some kind of pollution tax instead for pedalling speeds, my understanding is that a belt drive is more efficient than a chain competitive cycling doesn't let racers use whatever setup they want for their bikes. if something is too good, like the really aerodynamic handlebars, they won't be allowed yeah, it's like np problems. Nobody needs to talk about the travellingn salesman, and it's harmful to even say it's an no problem, since we already have SAT solvers, and that's all we need to understand that np problems are hard to solve. Is there value in a blockchain based academic journal? have it be well distributed, and only let universities submit new articles if they prove themselves doing replication studies against other universities' submissions at least you can cut your own holes pretty easily Would you prefer Upper and Lower Canadians? I think you could consider the incarcerated victims of the drug war as political dissidents. The laws exist to make sure black people couldn't vote against Nixon, which I'd say is a political imprisonment how does a lack of algebra infer the no smart people are stuck in dead end jobs? are the FPGAs going to space? I'm intrigued on how you'd make sure a cosmic ray doesn't accidentally reprogram it https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Male_lactation pull out the lithium and make batteries? slamming your hands in drawers is also a personal experiment. I might be wearing a good set of gloves, and it won't hurt doesn't Facebook do that? building a multi-tenant system without having at least two tenants from the get go means you're still likely to need that rewrite. The chances that the assumptions you made for your first tenant meet what your next one needs are pretty low but what if you are deaf? wouldn't an equivalent counterpoint then be to ship them to Guantanamo? requiring an extra adapter to connect you phone to your laptop really goes against the "it just works" creed is it really the tax payers? and is it really being taken by force? the government also gets funding by taking on debt, or can print more currency; not everything comes from a tax payer. you're not exactly forced to be taxed either. it's an agreement in exchange for citizenship. if you don't want to be taxed, go make and spend your money somewhere that doesn't have taxes it's also a business. As soon as they find it advantageous to start selling that information, they will, and will ride on their reputation for privacy to make as much as possible from that information I would have said share holders I'm unclear why these players are students at all. if your playing well enough to make millions for the university, surely you're good enough to make millions for a professional team? yeah, so why wouldn't you try joining the NBA first, then go to college to actually study when you don't get in? if you're asking a proof question, it will be something of the form "prove that there are as many solutions as the degree for all polynomials" rather than a specific polynomial. if you skip writing down each step in the proof, aka your work, you haven't completed the proof. I'm interested in some examples. the ones that come readily to my mind like Iran and Chile don't quite fit that mold. more specifically, to keep black people from voting I've always imagined they have a good quality version for military applications, and the bad stuff for everyone else and can then be burned to make electricity and offering the same thing they did in 2001 isn't that the idea of a free market? Proper competition should eat almost all of your profits not every order will show up on the next payment though; to my knowledge, they can be delayed until some amount of time after the order is placed or after it's arrived calling into TV news shows also gets you unlimited direct advertising, which Trump showed is highly effective having multiple start up jobs makes some sense, really. you as an employee are making an investment in terms of time in exchange for shares of the business. the VCs aren't putting all their eggs in one basket with startups, so why should the workers? how do you make money defending the 4th ammendment? the NRA is basically a gun advertising agency. They're there to sell guns and using the 2nd amendment to do it counterexample: the team I'm working on has successfully turned off ~10 systems with/without replacements, and got all of our clients within a much larger than 500 person org to migrate fully. this is worded on a way that suggests that because the Irish one isn't particularly racist, or at least not in a particularly bad way, that an equivalent law in the US shouldn't be considered racist. That ignores the difference in immigration and emigration between the two countries. in Ireland, it enables ethnic Irish to return home if their ancestors moved away, whereas in America, it would promote migrants from one non-ethnically American country over another, which in the context of prioritizing white immigrants over anything else, makes it pretty racist My current full time employer would be fine with that -- specifically withing 6 months, I'd keep my RSU grants too people panic -- if you've got a gun and are having an emotional response of some kind, anger, fear, what-have-you, someone could easily get shot when otherwise they wouldn't the trips I take between Seattle and Vancouver are regularly 1h+ late due to sitting for 30min a few times waiting for freight I also arrive and get onto the train in ~5min. getting off in Canada is slow though he's neither swedish nor American; he was not democratically involved in building either judicial system it seems to me like Google needs unions -- not for pay, but for having a bigger say in what gets made and what shouldn't be created my reading is that they consider the two to have very similar effects. conflating the two is the point, not a confusion the replication crisis seems like the opposite problem? it's too easy to say things, therefore, there's too much noise to get anything valuable. it could just be that the softer academic fields are just harder to study, unrelated to what society we try them in. The more likely case is that they have a degree that isn't in CSC. yeah, going to Princeton is to tell your employees that your family is rich, nothing about your competence or knowledge learned sounds to me like geology? the new hire is responsible for carrying all the rocks around the more apt comparison is Amazon as a mall for that, I'd say. each store has its own suppliers like how each third party seller has their own suppliers, but they're selling from the same building, amazon why would an address be necessary to call yourself a retailer? if I paid them in cash, the seller wouldn't know my address either when the old database stops getting writes, it stops being useful pretty quickly people have always had that mobility though; there's nothing special about the current US job market. want to become the king in a feudal society? just raise an army and take over