Exactly, Dawdle cant forever buy used games for $40 and do nothing with them, they'd bankrupt. This is not real money multiplier (like in bank), because "new" money is not created "from air" but taken from other place. So, for each used game bought by Dawdle either: a) Dawdle lose $40 b) Dawdle sells this game to someone (in which case this is exactly the same situation like in case of GameStop) For Dawdle to survive amount of cash lost by unsold used games must be smaller than amount of cash earned by selling new and used games (only count margins there, not full prices). Still - either Dawdle bankrupt, or somebody is going to buy that used game from them (at least high percent of that used games). PS. I wish them all the best, but these charts and description using words like money multiplier is just Wrong (tm) :) magic net add is: to give somebody $40 for used game you must take it from somebody. For example by selling a new or used game to somebody. This is not shown in lower chart, but is shown in upper chart. So in upper chart money are circling in closed environment(GameStop even takes some money out of it), while in lower chart there is some money coming from outside. That is why these charts are meaningless. You said your company has incentive to sell new games, because margin is bigger. OK, but if that is case, why at all you buy used games? Are you not planning to sell them? Enigma was really cracked in Poland years before WWII. Then after German invasion Polish mathematicians moves to France, then to Great Britain, and here continue work. It always makes me sad when people forget about their ingenious work, and in Hollywood films it always looks like all that was done by English speaking people. Sources: http://www.enigmahistory.org/enigma.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enigma_machine I've always been shy and had troubles with relations with other people. I've met my wife by chance, and it was miracle that she didn't put me down when I've told her repeatedly "I'm so boring, really, let's speak about you" on our first "date" :). I was expecting women will appreciate that I'm so humble etc. It turns out they just thought I'm really boring, if I say so myself. So this is lesson number one - don't assume women will appreciate that you are humble. Still - my wife somewhat endured my "I'm so humble and nice etc" talk, and we're married now, so there is a chance to everybody :) So - lesson number 2 is - when you meet right kind of person at right moment in life, it is really difficult to screw things up. So be yourself and don't worry - your time will come. Just remember to be open to new people and new experiences. PS when you are shy it helps a lot when you think about everything you do in terms of "what would be the worst outcome of this if I screw up?" It is often the case that the worst outcome is exactly the same that if you don't do anything. So expected value is higher than 0 :). For me it helped a lot. Hey, you smart Americans, left our smart women to us :) You haven't work with that many languages, have you :) >>> x = 3 + "7" What type should be x now: int or str ? Also: "10" is lesser than "2" but 10 is greater 2. Should (3 + "7") > 2 return true ? Such automatic conversions forces you to remember many arbitrary rules, and when you forget it, you have bug that shows later. It's easier to just write that str() (or use operator %). Poster asked why he has to type print "x="+str(x). I assumed he would like to just type print "x="+x. For that code to work str.__add__(self,x) should accept int as parameter x. If that was the case, then "3" + 7 would return "37" (ok, I've thought it will be "10", my bad :)), but 7 + "3" would still cast exception. So + would be not symmetric. And imagine, what if people could just go to library, and just read a book, without paying anything. That would be collapse of civilisation as we know it. Are functions first class objects in Nimrod, because I couldn't find function type in manual(pointers to function isn't what I mean :)). I've nerver understanded why exactly english metric system, date formating, and naming of big numbers is so inconsistent. When you write date, you have to natural way - from the the least significant bit:) to the most, and the other way around. And Americans use month/day/year. Perfectly intuitive :) Likewise - in long scale system there is simple rule - next name for big number is 10^3 times bigger. Indian system is also consistent, but mixing this is just crazy. And don't get me started about inches, feets etc. Still, I shouldn't complain - in my language there are three possible words for most of the nouns - for example: 1 jablko, 2-4 jablka, 5-21 jablek, 22-24 jablka, 25-31 jablek, 32-34 jablka, etc :) Of course then you have to conjugate every noun by apropriate case (one of 7). That's becouse old Polish had Singular, Plural and SomethingInBetweenWhichICantFindEnglishWordFor. So - embrace our diversity - scientist will use 10^n anyway. I've discovered, that communicating sth to "normal" people isn't more difficult because of programming. But it's sometimes less understandable what somebody is trying to say, when I'm in "strict thinking" mode. It's the same with switching between natural languages - I've once met foreigner in Poland in place where I wouldn't think he can be. He was talking to me in English for more than a minute before I've recognized that I must mentaly switch to English to understand him :) I think social contacts are difficult for programmers, because programming does not require listening to anybody. I can't see why this crisis is so different from other depressions in last 20 years. It's sad that it happens, but anyway it's better than what other (non capitalistic) systems have to offer. Also - nobody in his right mind would propose system with no rules at all. It's not what capitalism is about. Capitalism just says - rules should be clear, the same for everybody and the fewer rules we have, the better. But some are neccesary. I live in Poland, and here this crisis looks much better than last two (I mean - we have now below 13% unemployment, and for most of last 20 years it was sth like 17%). I think it's because our National Bank was always very strict when it comes to controlling commercial Banks market. I don't see controlling banks as violation of capitalism - it's more like Banks are ugly hack on capitalism to make profits bigger (making money from nothing:). And when you use ugly hacks, sometimes there are bugs. PS. it's interesting, if banks (I mean modern style banks - lending money they don't have) are good for society in the long term? This photorealism makes new games very boring artistic-wise. Old games with hand-drawn graphic had some artistic value in them, they made pepole imagine other worlds etc. Now it's just photorealism everywhere. I wonder, when game graphic dadaism and cubism will appear. Art is not about making more realistic copies. Right now I'm trying to learn clojure, and write 2d arcade game with it. I've encountered similar problems (almost everything should be passed almost everywhere), but I think this is actually good thing to choose what part of game can change what beforehand. My architecture (so far - it's in early planning stage): 2 threads (physic and logic thread going 10 Hz and graphic thread going as fast as it can drawing world) objects are struct-maps with fields position, animation frame, life etc (all fields are functions of time, and can change between physic thread turns, but not in one physic thread turn). Graphic thread just gets time and for each visible object draws it at current position (calculated from time by objects position function). So movement should be smooth and not dependent on frame rate. physic thread in response to player input calculates new functions for objects (only for X next turns). These new functions are encapsulated in event objects, that are added to events priority queue. On each turn (of physic thread) events for that thread are executed - each event takes set of game objects (not always all objects) and time and returns changed set of game ojects. In C++ this will be much easier to write at first (no hard thinking needed:)), but later it could become nightmare to change because of side effects. Most people using adblock I know disable it on sites they visit frequently, if that sites has reasonable ads. So do I. But when anything makes a new window, sound, or pop up without me wanting it, it means war. And adblock is for such pages. I know it's over the top, but it's to try sth different for once. Also - multithreading is because my earlier games was in one thread, and I've always had problems with consistent framerate - some frames was longer, some shorter. When I tried considering last frame duration as multipilier, game became not stable (too long frame and bullets will fly throught the wall, etc). And networked game is difficult to get right with nonuniform duration of frames. So I try to see if this will be better. What's for sure overenginered is using function of time instead of simple numbers for positions. But that is just to make it different. I'll use radix tree for dictionary, to speed up testing. For words (son, sun, so, sunny) it would be: root -> S -> O -> . \ \-> N -> . \-> U -> N -> . \-> N -> Y -> . Then - for each character in given string I'll make pointer pointing at root of dictionary tree. Then in loop I would advance down each pointer in turn, until it's no longer possible to go down the tree, or the until the characters for given pointer ended. When no pointer can be advanced, the pointer that gives longest word is the best. Everything has been done before :) Thanks, yes, I'll release it when it's ready. I think hools would just get scared and run away the moment first real bullet would be shoot. Also - helping "inferior" (in they opinion) races/nations? Not likely. So protest is right if people go to kill their government by themselves? And when they can't do it by themselves and call for help, this is treason even when they didn't wanted the government that rules them in the first place? Now that's black and whit simplistic view of world. Is the concept of treason even relevant when you live in a your country and somebody rules it without your (and other people living there) agreement? I mean - I live in Poland, after WW2 Soviet Union ruled here (ok, not directly but by proxy:), is treason of such proxy government really treason? For me it's heroism, because people in Poland didn't wanted that government in the first place. Also - for me peaceful revolution is better than blood bath revolution any time. w sf x sf2 y sf3 z is equivalent to sf3(sf2(sf(w,x),y),z) assuming left to right evaluation (and equal priorities of operations). Trees of operations: w sf x sf2 y sf3 z w-sf1-sf2-sf3 | | | x y z sf(w,sf2(x,sf3(y,z))) sf1-sf2-sf3-z | | | w x y You can permutate w,x,y,z in these trees - I was sure this will give the same expressions, but now I'm not. Interesting question. Edit: oh, so you wanted to permutate functions, not arguments. Then it won't give the same expressions. I've tried version with 3 arguments (x,y,z) and 2 functions (+,/), and these two aproaches are not equivalent. For example: /(x,+(y,z)) has no equivalent expression that can be made from x f1 y f2 z if you permutate arguments or substitute functions (f1=/ f2 = +) or (f2=+ f1=/) because / binds stronger than +. Impressing people might have something to this :) At least I'm impressed. Law system contains natural numbers, so it has by definition some expressions that can't be evaluated :) About math books: because in math space can mean multiply: f(ax - 1 b - 3 c y z) is not as clear as f(ax - 1, b - 3 c, y, z). I thint this thing would be very useful even if not connected to web. If it could write everything to disk, not to web. Of course - volume of its memory will have to be enormous. Also - it has to encrypt data with private key, and public key will be safe in home, so nobody can see your whole life when you will lost this thing, or sbd will steal it. About crime prevention etc - there should be button that starts sending all data to police without encrypting it in real time. I would buy one. I was buing computer a few years ago (was a student then, so money/time coefficient was a lot bigger :)) , and tried to make it likewise - I've choosed components and went to trip over all computer shops near my flat. But every single shop I've been didn't have a few components that I've choosen, so I couldn't simplify decision to only one variable. I've even thought that they may do it so I can't compare prices. Code is not the avatar - it is the knowledge and memories (probably written in form of a big blob of neural net coefficients) that makes a concious being. Each time the game is restarted there would be new beings in it (unless their data is saved between games somewhere). Erasing knowledge and memories of such AI would be analog to killing, and it will become problem, because throwing out data is easier, and writing you enemies to DVD after each game of Quake 10 becouse of moral issues will be problematic after some time. Try eclipse + plugin to write in clojure - it gives you interactive console to explore clojure. Download eclipse, then install: http://code.google.com/p/counterclockwise/wiki/Documentation Also, the bottleneck is memory access, not cpu power, so optimising for this or that cpu isn't that important after all. On the site there is info that batterylife is 1 year on "normal usage", whatever it means. If i was to buy it, it would be as a cheap ebook reader. But only if it will allow reading pdfs with images. I live in Poland, so maybe I'm not the right person to criticize your NHS, but from what my friends who live in GB say (and I have a lot of them:)) NHS is worse even than our polish NFZ. And man, does NFZ suck. It may be because in Poland NFZ is "tax and corruption" funded, so it has more money than only tax funded NHS. But - in Poland you goes to first contact doctor with regular cold, or head pain, or normal flu, and you have 100% chance of seing the doctor, and he probably will right away prescribe you some antibiotics and send you to tthe blood tests. In GB, I've heard, the first contact doctor is nurse in reality most of the times. And he/she will just prescribe you the painkillers and send you away, till it's something more serious. About flu - when you have really serious consequences after a flu it's because some bacteria get a "free ride" on your immunity system compromised by a virus, so antibiotics are sometimes good thing to take when having a flu. Still - I agree, doctors are prescribing them too often. Anyway - Polish emigrants (immigrants from you POV:)) are commonly returning to Poland to go to doctor, and that means it's in some ways better, so two way ticket is worth it. Sometimes they return to go to private doctors because private healthcare is much cheaper in Poland, but they also return to go to regular NFZ, and there must be a reason for that (maybe immigrants in GB are given worse treatment?). Anyway - http://polandian.home.pl/index.php/2008/09/24/english-patien... :) every single point of this paper is like description of my company (and we don't do medical systems). I had c-64 and one of the most frustrating memories from my childhood was that I couldn't get it to draw anything in a graphic mode. In manual the code to initiate graphic mode had error in it, or the manual was for different version of the computer, I still don't know. Anyway - 8-bit computers were superb "teach-yourself-programming" machines, but I think novadays kids have internet access, so they will manage :) PS. I would choose python + pygame to teach a kid graphic programming. It is simple, interpretted and has interactive console. Truly brave man. Another one: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Witold_Pilecki - "Polish James Bond" - he voluntered to go to Auschwitz in 1940, made reports about what happened there, organized resistance in camp, stolen some German documents and escaped when nobody wanted to try and attack the camp (he was trying to persuade Aliants and Polish Home Army to do that, but they thought it wouldn't work). Camps would be even better at holding soldiers if a few planes bombed them, and some millions of Jews/Poles/Russians/Gypsies/Ukrainians/Muslims/Homosexualists, and other "subhumans" would be free. Nazists would have to catch them again, make these camps defended better, fight with the people that were escaping, etc. The more chaos on enemy teritory, the better for me, right? They (England etc) just didn't believe raports about that camps, and anyway didn't cared that much about some Jews and Eastern Europeans. They showed the same in Jalta. Soviets only tell the people of this catastrophe, when independent scientists from Finland reported that radiation levels are unusually high, if they could, they would get away with this, no matter peoples' health. I wonder if this sugests that teaching in public schools is better, or that tests are prefering students that graduated public schools. For me it helps, when I can see effects of my work right now. I write games in my free time, and I've noticed, that if I overenginer and have to write architectural code for too long, I abandon the project. The faster there is sth to play with, no matter how simple, the better. So I first write graphics code, so there is sth on the screen, then some simple keyboard input module, that later will be replaced, just to be able to move character on screen. Then I can see if the idea was good, and if it's fun to play with it. If it's fun, improving (and playtesting:) it is very addicting, so I can finish the project. Also, IMHO, it's better to start with simple idea, and give it depth by polishing details, than to start with ambitious project in the first place. Iterative programming ftw :) For me this example is "for functional programming", not againist it - I mean, since when ease of using global variables is adventage ? You end with code that is hard to reason about. For me it's good, that making the code complicated to understand is hard. in the scatter plot this information is more clear to me, also - in the scater plot if I draw minimal squares line, I can immediately see the countries that are "better thhan average" and "worse than average" with their efficiency of healthcare. I would say - the craziness of bug is proportional to the number of the levels of abstraction that it takes from the source of bug to its effects. And that's why I don't like systems with > 2 layers (J2EE, I'm talking to you). I'm Polish, and I support using native languages, but it's fact - English is the lingua franca of software. About Linux - internationalization is done right here, in normal day to day usage it isn't needed to know English, but still the problem is with troubleshouting - the easier to google error message the easier it is to solve problem, and error messages in Polish are harder to google. In old times every error presented to user had an error code, that was constant across locales. I think this is very good convention - it helps with searching for informations about error without enforcing people to use software in locale that is not their native. BTW - other good convention for error messages is to include in every error message unique string that is also dumped to logs. That way it is later easier to match stacktraces in log files with error reports from users. In Eclipse IDE almost every Polish accented character "Alt + l, s,c,o,..." is made into keyboard shortcut, so every time I create a new workspace I have to manually change these shortcuts to other, not colliding with my language. And we do translations with Eclipse, so local characters are important. But that's the way it is, at least we don't have two kinds of I letter, like some ohter countries :) Like any templating engine I've seen - there are "for each", "if then else" etc. It's just matter of convention - designer should know what he can change, and what he cannot - lisp-encoded html is almost like normal html, and has the adventage of being compiled - some static checking can be done. When you extract data producing into functions only called b name in code that is emiting html it will lokk just like html template, and it has all the clojure power when it's needed. It only states that CL implementations are also buggy and slow :) 1. This assumes that judges (priests) are honest and neutral to the case, and doesn't believe in the intervention of God themselves. 2. This assumes people innocent in this case won't be afraid God won't help them because of theirs other sins (and who is not a sinner?). 3. I don't think people were that much religious then. I mean - sexually medieval people wasn't more puritanical than we are, why should we assume they were believing in God thah strong (to put hand in the fire etc). 4. How do we know ordeals worked? It's obvious that priests were describing their work in superlatives. And they were the most literate class then. I don't know any martial arts, but it reminds me of basketball - dribbling is exactly the same - every second you decide to start or not, you can make fake moves, and your oponent has to guess and react faster. And if his guess is wrong he allows you to pass him. Sometimes you can just feel the rythm in which oponent will react, and then passing him is easy and pleasurable at the same time. And looks cool. That's why I love basketball :) Strange, I had 0.267 with normal measures, and over 0.5 with surprise measure. Great news, comminucation is the most important thing. Here is the story boy that was unable to speak or contact with world and was considered "vegetable" by doctors, till he picked up a language BLISS from a teacher that was teaching some other child in his hospital room. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvpGLxU6fVY He is a poet now. Binary search in unbalanced tree with shorter branches to more frequently used letters will be probably best (this is really huffman coding, isn't it? Excel (and other spreadsheets) is nice purely functional language (when not using macros). Unfortunately it is abused to be database/statistical package/etc and at some point big spreadsheets doesn't scale and becomse pain to support. So it should be possible to export excel spreadsheet to haskell :) After the fall of USSR Rusia is in inconvenient position - it has to deal with Ukraine/Belarussia/Lativa to assure supplying Poland with Gas, and it has to deal with Poland to supply Gas to Western Europe. It was factor that played big role in relations between these states and Russia. For example - last year Russia stopped supplying gas, because Ukraine didn't wanted to pay for gas that is uesd only for making the pipe work. So because of Ukraine-Russia econo-war Poland didn't get the gas it paid for. Russia had to deal with Ukraine because of that. Russia often uses the pipes as economic weapon, and with the pipe beneath the Baltic sea it will be much worse - Russia will be in position to stop sending the gas to Ukraine, and nobody in Europe will give a damn. And Ukraine has many non resolved problems with Russia - like Russian ships in Crimea, big Russian "minority" in eastern regions, Ukraine wanted to NATO (or western part of it), and to UE. Now (after the blue one won) it all seems far, far away. Russia wanted Ukraine to be its "near abroad" - sth like colony. Gas pipe ommiting Ukraine will make it easier. Of course - Russia can do with Germany what they want, but there are many political, ecological and economical concerns. And that pipe will go not only throught Russia and Germany national waters. I only wanted to give the POV of the other side. For me the best thing you can get from university is the people you can talk with. Many smart people with good ideas. Ignore stupid/incompetent profesors, learn from the smart ones, talk with smart people and try to do sth great with them, later you won't have time to try new things. If there is some students' educational club (I don't know how to say this in English - students teach students about what interests them) - go to it, ask if you can help, start new class about functional programming or what interests you, if there aren't any - you'll learn much more from trying to teach others than you could learn by reading the book. I've met many great people that way, and made connections so in my 5th year of studies I got programming job , becaus people already working there knew I was good. PS - if you become used to "B"s then "C" will come, etc. I was "A" student without effort at first year, and have great difficulties later because I got used to having "A" with no effort. If I understand correctly this means we should just write small program that can learn which reactions to given stimuli of the program are good, and which aren't, based on history of signals and responses of the program that are known to be good. While interesting, I doubt it will do much to make programs more correct. Somebody has to tell the program that this new reaction is good, so you should learn it as an exception to the older rules, or it is wrong, and we have found a bug. Hmm, conducting heat well in one direction and not conducting it well in the other. Isn't it against thermodynamics? I mean - make two containers connected by that material, if it works as it is described - temperature gradient between these containers will grow with time. I wouldn't blame Russians - this is a simple adaptation that was required to survive in Russia/USSR for so long. People adapt, and Americans would, too. You were just lucky to have no tzars, no WW on your territory, and, the most important point - no communism. Communism degrades social trust, in Poland before the WWII we had very cultured and organised population, people were helping each other, etc. We had regained independence after over 100 years. Even 5 years into the WWII, there were uprising in Warsaw, many young people died for Poland, others were fighting in the England, Italy, on the far east. In the first 10 years of communism everybody that were active as partisant during the war were either in the jail, killed, has escaped from the country, or vere hiding in the forests. Then, communistic gov said if the remains of Armia Krajowa uncover, there will be now more killing. And of course they lied, like many times before and after that. After 45 years of communism people in Poland still don't trust each other. People are still gaming the system, current gov aren't helping, at least they are elected in honest elections. Regaining the trust of the people is work for many years, and without the trust gov can do anything with the people. I think in Russia it has to be even worse - they had communism for much longer, and before that they had just as corrupt system, only less deadly. @idlewords: yes, you are right, also there were big differencies between parts of Poland from Russia, Germany, and Austria. But my point was - social trust level was very high - in 1920 we have won war with ussr, we have had almost 1 million army made mainly from volunteers, there were many socal iniciatives helping people, etc. That athmosphere was lost during communism. PS I agree that Piłsudski regime that come later was bad for Poland. I'm always wery surprised, that for some people USSR and company was as good as "the West". I mean - ok, you were sending rockets to space, but at that time people in eastern block were many times less wealthy than people in the west, were less free, couldn't even choose the gov. It was not sustainable, without Gorbachev it would have ended the same, only later and probably more violent. When you build your civilization on power and military strength and keep people on your side without their consensus, it isn't surprising that you have to spend on military a lot. And when you add inefficient economy to the mix, it's obvious it will fail. Hm, in Poland before 1989 we had to vote "right", also we always had 98%-99% participation in elections. "Slightly" suspicious, isn't it? Now it's sth like 30-60%. About going with party career - yes, to have good job people even had to be in the party. What I mean by "less free" is - there was one real party, you had to accept party line to be politician, people couldn't choose other party. People couldn't go out of country without permission, and it was strictly controlled, who are allowed to travel where. Simply put it was totalitarian state. About the fall of the USSR: because in 1989 and later transferrable rubels were worth almost nothing, there were big inflation, satelitte countries were freeing themselves, and atomic war wasn't an option to anybody sane. It had to end that way. Also - why do people disallow characters such as ,./:;'"[{]}\|-_=+ in passwords on theirs sites. I can't understand this. I would understand banning non-ascii, but normal ascii characters should be allowed everywhere. Now every site allows different subset ot such characters, so every site forces user to have different password to it, if user wants non-alphanumerics in password. I would like to have 3 passwords - trash password for social sites, etc; better password for e-mail; and good password for important things. It would be managable. Thanks to arbitrary restrictions I have to remember many more passwords. Which is bad for security. Wouldn't it be a problem only if the same user that created a password with this character that isn't on some keyboard will then use this keyboard? I mean - users will probably use characters that are on their keyboards, or that they know how to generate. Why disallow characters when users choose them on their own? You should compare independent countries before the colonization with the same countries under colonial powers rule, not after the colonization. Many things people of countries that were colonies expriences are because of colonialism. Its like when doctor goes to the patient with chronic pain, gives him a painkiller and breaks his leg. While doctor is there patient feels no pain, after the doctors went away painkiller stops working, and the situation is even worse. You are too cruel to poor gcc. They are no useless, you just have to remember which combination of messages having nothing to do with your code could be caused by what sort of errors. Gcc makes sure we will remember these rules better by making it painful and thus more vivid in memories. Also - real fun begins, when you forgot semicolon after the class definition in your header, and error shows in different file. If guy understand that women needs this he can manage to listen and not give advices, and to not become frustrated with all these "unsolvable" problems. This is a matter of points of view - for men (esp. programmers) problem solving POV is the default, but they can switch to just listening from time to time, if the women doesn't charge them responsible for these problems. It works the other way too - if some "on the spot advice" slips from me when I listen to my wife she shouldn't be angry - I didn't meant to dismiss her, sometimes I just can't help it. A little understanding and everything is much simpler. If Flash runtime won't support multitaksing on iPhone developers will use what supports multi-tasking, if given app needs it. Or they would write translation layer - and that's what Apple is most scared of - it would make iPhones "just another type of multi-touch mobile phone", and it would hit their profits a big time. Wrong assumptions - people that learn new language doesn't immediately forget languages they knew before, nor do they stop using them. Languages are tools, not religions. I experienced exactly the same, when I started bringing pen and paper to bus driving to/from work and code on paper. It is very different experience from coding with computer, and it results in better quality code, because I can't just run to "ensure" it works, I have to think it throught. Also I tend to write less code, when each time I forget to add check before some line I have to rewrite whole function by hand. In home I just check documentation for apis I didn't remembered, and type code into computer. Almost always it works after a few minutes of simple variable misspelings etc corrected. Of course, this won't work so good with bloat oriented languages :) Of course it's joke, but when I tried to think of situation that would be analogical in importance and where astronaut/engineer would be so much worse fit than liberal arts, I couldn't. That probably just tells my imagination is limited. But not everybody has to be able to save the world when it comes to that. Singers and writers are useful, and they wouldn't fit in to asteroid scenario, neither. Water has to be sth like 70 C degree hot to kill most bacteria, and it would be too hot for you at that point. Hygiene works because bacteria are flushed out, not because water kills them (ok, antibacterial soap may kill some bacteria, but not much). The sad consequence of people choosing option 2 is that legal contracts are hard to understand. For purpose. Whole mafia of lawyers earns big bucks thanks to making these contracts even more convulted. Outsmarting somebody by clever legalese isn't moral in my book. This is cool. But it looks like it has too many degrees of freedom to make such fast/complicated manoeuvres steered by human. I just like to feel in control of machine, here it wouldn't be possible. Besides - the more direct control is the more predictable behaviour of this vehicle can be. I don't think every possible route between 2 points will be possible even using these vehicles. So steering this will probably look more like RTS - I pick control points, unit chooses the path. This can cause some pain. I don't understand why they should be careful not to disturb lower levels? They don't interact with upper levels. They are simulation anyway - they have no free will (that was an assumption - other way all the levels would diverge the moment the first human was born). So no amount of caution can do anything to them - they are in predetermined world. Did you mean that they should be nice because the upper levels can see them and intervent? I can agree that in such situation they should be good to their simulated selves. Or did you mean that even when upper levels are not watching, their (upper levels) behaviour depends on decision of lower levels? Because I can't see why it is so. People at any given level are either: a) at the top and have nothing to worry - their universe won't stop working no matter what they do b) simulated and have no choice - what they decide is just result of simulation inputs and, maybe, tinkering of upper levels Ether way - the real decisions are made only at the top level - if not, why all simulated worlds have the same history? People would make different decisions earlier in simulated history if it was possible, and after many generations of simulated people and their different decisions worlds would diverge beyond recognition. Even if free will exists on lower levels - why decision of lower levels inhabitants should change probabilities of upper levels decisions? Either they have free will, and their decisions are independent of upper levels - or they don't have free will, and their decisions just mirrors their top level selves. Maybe I'm misunderstanding sth, English isn't my native language, and the subject is hard. Anyway - it's very interesting thought experiment. Probably operator() and passing classes that have this operator implemented around. For me it isn't better than function pointers, also because of method - function distinction we have 2 different incompatibile kinds of functions. I've been in students club of computer science, meet many people from older and younger years that were interested in programming. We were doing hobby projects and starting in team programming competitions. At the last year of studying I've mailed one of friends from that club (he was working in one of a few big software companies in my city) asking if they would want me. I've been interviewed and got a job. This is really a bad title, but random numbers indeed need not be uniformly distributed - for example Gauss distributed numbers aren't distributed uniformly (from definition:). If the random variable that we measure has Gaussian distribution - the numbers we read will have Gaussian distrubuition, and will be random. Other example - rolling dice with 5 sides signed "6" and one side signed "1" - results will be random, but the resulting distribution won't be uniform. Uniform distribution is special case of random distribution. Indeed - sorry - my math Enlish isn't very good. I'm programmer - for me random string is a string, that is shorter than any programm that generates it (random string has Kolmogorov complexity greater or equal its length). I think this is the definition for mathematicians as well. It's just that "random" is a common shortcut for - string comming out of probability experiment - it is very likely that it is random according to Kolmogorov complexity, because most strings are random, and space is very very big. I was always confused by lack of definition of randomness in statistic/probabilistic meaning, so I've somewhat mixed these 2 branches of math. Thanks for clearing this up. It would encourage trolling. Cool idea. In my job we are working on business process engine, and we have implemented many long business processes that involves user interactions and calling plSQL code. Testing these processes manually is pain, we have tests using soapui, but writing tests in linear fashion is repetative and tedious, our test suite is lagging us. Also we use big databases and our tests unfortunately aren't isolated - we have to prepare data manually for tests to run. This tree-like approach looks great. One problem is - the only way I see to create "stack of databases" is to use savepoint - rollback to savepoint around every node in tests tree. We use hibernate, so rollback to savepoint won't be enough - we'll need to disable second level cache, and to do sth about first level cache - maybe flushing after each rollback to savepoint will do. Anybody has experience with hibernate and rolling back to savepoint? Yay, you can write real app in C++. Still - writing code againist windows api is begging for portability problems. Why even bother with all those quirks, when there is qt and gtk, working on Macs and Unices as well, and better designed? I can only understand this, if it's just for fun. Peple have weird hobbys :) EDIT: I also love, how they speak about .Net like it was the only alternative to C++. The excuse is backward compatibility, and it is also why linux binaries from 3 years ago doesn't work on new linux, and win32 binaries does (or at least did before vista age). PS I prefer linux way (clean the api, no matter old binaries), but that's because I'm programmer, as a user I would love to just download old binary from net and have it work without worrying about dependencies. My last windows was xp, bu I've heard win7 was supposed to have virtual machine with winXP to run older program. If so, this is cheating :) Every program is either a compiler, or an interpreter. Compilers are just functions from input to output, so it is easy to write them in a functional way. For example code formatter, report generator, any program in which we are only interested in the final result, not in the intermediate steps, and nothing "new" can happen in the process of computation. Interpreters are more imperative by nature, and it is more natural to write them in imperative way. For example real-time simulations (including games), interactive apps like offices suites, crud apps, etc. In interpreters functional programming can be used in the small scale, to implement commands, but the result will be imperative interpreter with state and commands that modifies this state. So oop is more suited to describe domain of most programs - users think about crud apps like this: "this button changes the name of selected student", "this button deletes student from base", "this button assigns student to course". Even if under the hood there is functional code, it is in reality interpreting imperative language and operating on state. At least that's how I see it. YMMV. To compile fine is one level, the other is to run fine without recompiling - it's easy to break binary compatibility - http://techbase.kde.org/Policies/Binary_Compatibility_Issues... Not mine insight but I can't remember where i've read it. I would probably fail at your interview. It is considerably harder than fizz-buzz or reversing linked list (where no thinking is needed, so stress won't matter), and I would be stressed that it takes me too much time to think this out, so I better start some coding and talking. Things can only get worse from that place :) And often someone else is porting the code - this is in fact code review, and this can only help codebase. Any new law must wait 6 years after approving before going to production. That way corruption and making holes in law on purpose will be less worth it, and people would be sure law won't change under their business in short term. Did somebody was on that lesson and missed the next ? There is also "good old games" ( www.gog.com ) - steam like site that sells old games without DRM and tuned to run in modern OSes. Sorry for advertising, I'm not connected to them in any way, just like this company (they made The Witcher) and wanted to promote DRM less online software selling. I've been in situation like described - I, my father, my uncle and my 2 step sisters were swiming in a pond, the pond wasn't very deep - I could stand on the bottom, but the bottom was muddy and feet were falling throught this bottom sometimes even like 10 cm down - I could barely take a breath when standing in the deepest places. My step sister was walking in the water, when she steped on more muddy bottom and fall under water. She was quiet and doing strange things with her hands, nobody reacted for a while, then I walked to her and give her hand (I was able to stand on the bottom there, but only barely). It looked funny and not dangerous at all - like she just were playing in water, uncle and father didn't know anything is wrong. To this day I thought that she wasn't really drowning - because she was supposed to do the show like in TV. > Make functions, not procedures I can't agree - you don't need results of functions for checking errors - in many higher level languages you can return multiple values, you can use exceptions, even in C++ without exceptions you can do this by in-out parameters, for example: http://www.nopaste.pl/rtt I think it's cleaner than making nested if then else-s over every invocation of your functions. So you'll be OK with some country right now doing Holocaust over some minority, or will you protest that? If you'll protest, why? And why you don't protest againist all the governments that do this all evil things? Many things are relative, but not all. Making it seem relative is just comfy, but comfort is less important than truth. I'll agree that every country in WWII wasn't innocent, that Jews right now are overplaying the Holocaust card, that many countries politis, unfortunately including mine, makes victims of itself, which is indignifing and stupid thing to do. But telling me Holocaust wasn't evil makes me think you wouldn't mean it repeating, and that makes me hate you a little :) (ok, I really don't believe you wouldn't mean - I think you just play the devil advocate there). Ok, I'm sorry. I've overreacted to this post and somehow mixed in my mind who is replying to whom (by not reading all posts in between, my fault, should teach me to think before posting). I've interpreted your statement that all countries did sth wrong as statement that Nazi Germany, USSR were no worse than other countries, and their deeds were nothing more evil than deeds of other countries. Should have deleted my comment, but that way it will remind me to read whole thread before replying. Comments are often obsolete, have to be maintained to be in sync with code. Comments can lie who is author of given change (somebody forgot to add comment after making change), while VCS can't. If you are afraid you VCS can be lost, the solution is to have better backups, not to reimplement VCS in comments. I find it easier to remember to add meaningful comment to commit (we have commit hook that prevents you from commiting without comment), than to remember to change every comment in source code that I touch (especially if it is far from the lines of code I changed - eg in the class header, or in the header of the base class when I only change some method in derived class). Commit messages tells me on each line, why it is here (we have policy of adding JIRA task number to the commit message). I would say in prehistoric times resources were more available than now - people could just walk away from each other and live on what nature provided without fighting. I think this is why people spreaded over the whole world. So why should zero sum bias be encouraged by evolution? Apparently in USA it is, like the rest of Central and Eastern Europe:) Anyway - in my country 10 years ago everybody was buying computers for their kids, it was sth like 1000$ then, and it was 2-3 months of earnings for average family. Software was pirated, almost by everybody. It was priced for companies, not for normal people, because everybody assumed it will be only bought by companies who need it, private people would pirate it, and they did. Earnings are up today, but kids are used to pirating things. Still, when game is sold with reasonable price (I would say 5-10$) it isn't pirated by normal people, only jerks who won't buy anything no matter what. I would say in my region people crossed the line between "piracy is neccesity" to "piracy is easy" in the last 10 years. Of course mind set of computerized generation (30 years and younger) is here to stay, so it will take long time before piracy will stop. No it doesn't - developer took the time to make a game and no matter what people will do this time was spent ("destroyed"). We could argue that copying games destroys industry, but that's just word play (likewise computers destroyed the industry of abacus makers and it was not theft). Anyway - pirating is wrong, because you do sth with other peoples work, that they don't want you to, why should we make it more evil by comparing it to thef I can't understand. In Poland before the communism fall there were big inflation - it made all savings worth nothing in a course of a few months (people were saving for kids flats for 10 years, then these savings on bank account were worth 10 times less after a few months - many people still didn't get that money from "flat savings acounts" (ksiazeczka mieszkaniowa) - that money nowadays is less than a few days of work. But some people had luck - I know family, that bought one family home for credit in 1986, credit was for 30 years. Then, after a few years father went abroad to work a few months for $ (on the farm), then paid the whole credit back for these $. Of course country had to default eventually, but many people paid their credits that otherways would be paying to this day. So that's one way of profiting from hyperinflation. All in all it wasn't so bad, people just were using $ or Deutche Marks (it was illegal to own them then, but it was legal to change your $ to polish currency, only change rate was were unjust). So many Polish businessmans started as people illegaly trading $ to zlotys. Crazy times that were, millions laying in the streets. Great video (Platige Images productions are usually great - this is a studio of Tomasz Bagiński). Link to trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXD51CY8DkA&feature=relat... Full video for now is only available in Warsaw in museum of the Warsaw Uprising, I hope it will leak to youtube someday - it is project paid by taxpayers, it should be available to everyone. That's what I need to not procrastinate when doing my game - record myself. In Polish you literaly have "clean or dirty conscience", Bible also tells much about cleaning sbd's sins. I'd like to see if this is about language (people primmed with concept being close to each other in language skew their judgements), or is this universal link between ethic and hygiene. Maybe being clean is universaly considered good thing, but there are other more arbitrary associations that could be checked - for example in Polish "prawy" means "right" and also "good". Probably there are some cultures where it's the left that is associated with high ethic standards. These 2 cultures should skew their moral judgaments to opposite directions when primmed with either "right" or "left". I've got C64 and manual in German when I was 10 (I've only knew Polish at that time, but who cares :)). For a few years I only played games, and sometimes entered some example BASIC code and tinkered with constans in code to see what will happen. I remember that my copy of manual had error in some magic graphic system initialization code, so I've never programmed graphic on C64. It was very frustrating. Then I've got PC when I was 15 and I played with Turbo Basic, then Turbo Pascal - then I've understood variables and it all started to make sense. Since then I only feel like I know less, and less :) PS - the most impressive thing I've seen that encuraged me to keep programming was ASCII art adventure game written in windows batch files. I've thought - if someon can do so much witch bat files, I can do everything with my knowledge of Turbo Pascal :) By the way, I have other problem with programming. For some time it's not technical difficulty that prevents me from acomplishing my programming goals, but my laziness. I am very good at learning new languages, APIs, programming techniques, etc, because that offers me fast positive feedback. I feel good because I've learned sth new. But to achieve anything I have to sit down to real, boring work, and this I am to lazy to do. I prefer to try new cool languages than do any useful work in languages I already know. I feel worse programmer than I was when I only knew Basic and Turbo Pascal, no matter all the techniques, design patterns, languages, etc, that I now know. Do you have similiar experiences? How do you deal with this? Notice, that making more bacteria is much easier than making more nanobots. Because: - each dependecy makes it harder to build your project - and makes it more brittle (libraries goes obsolete, changes versions, occasionaly have non-backward-compatibile changes, on different systems different versions of libraries are available, etc) - most of the time you use only small fraction of each library, it is also common (at least in static typing world) that libraries enforces data structures on you, so sometimes it's easier to reinvent wheel, than to integrate your app with some library - when you need to add some feature to library you often have to go throught hoops (inherit some class, make some wrappers and use it instead of what you'd use normally) - it is much easier to keep things simple, when you have controll over interfaces and can just change what you want, also architecture is simpler without proxies, wrappers and delegates - static binaries on linux don't work after a few years - dynamic linked binaries works as long as somebody worries about dependency problems - and this means you - you can keep all dependencies in VCS together with your project, but often it's not legal (LGPL) - not really important for most apps - dependencies bloats your app Dependencies in programming are like moving parts in enginering - there should be as few of them as possible. Probably if you substitute Lisp for Forth, and Java for C, it would be more "modern" and still true. I was thinking about similarity of Lisp and Forth in that programmer can very easily create DSLs. When we finally get AI to work language of legacy websites won't be a problem. That's probably the marketing part of being rock star programmer. I read mostly fantasy and sci-fi - some favorites: "Lord of the Rings" J.R.R.Tolkien "The Last Wish", "The Sword of Destiny" A.Sapkowski "The Last Unicorn" P.Beagle almost anything by S.Lem. My favorite mainstream book is "Wielki Las" Zbigniew Nienacki (unfortunately no English translation available). I'm surprised that USA newspapers mostly support Keynsian theory. That's maybe 10th article I've read that agitates to increase spendings. Is it universaly believed in America that the only way out of recession is by going deeper into debt? Examples from Europe (German, Greece) and China seems (IMO) to contradict that there are similarities between Great Crisis of '20 and this? Good observation about different challenges. Different people like different things. I like games that allows mastery of complex control scheme, and exercises reflex. It's great feeling, when you have complete control. Some games are based on logical thinking, story, strategy, etc - in these games difficult controls is just distraction, and it makes experience worse. Control schemes evolved, so older games had worse than new games (also computers evolved, now it's easier to do good ui than 10 years ago). For me one of the best games was "Icy Tower" - very simple concept, simple graphic, no story to speak of. It aged very well. Doom - the same - the feeling of nicely timed double shotgun shot is very rewarding, it doesn't matter you are shooting to rectangles. I've seen in some game design book the distinction between a game and a toy. Toy is when you are given some cool object to manipulate, and some constraints, and that's it. Game has rules and objectives, you must solve some problem. You can make a game without a toy - when there is no pleasure apart from solving problems. You can also make a toy without making a game - it will be boring after a while, because there will be no objective, no problems to solve. But great game is when you have cool toy and interesting problem to solve with it - these games plays great even after years. It's a great game, but I've noticed that after a while I've been bored with battles - I prefered allocating resources, waiting for new discoveries, battles felt a little too long, especially killing the last few aliens on each map. I wonder if others feel the same? This is an old article ("you should actually be able to run a completely fanless PC, even a newer 300MHz-plus unit"). I don't know if modern PC can work when silenced that way (esp. graphic cards). One solution I consider right now is buying some cheap terminal with flash, video card, and ethernet, and keep my workstation in other room. For most of the world almost every piece of software has name in foreign language. It's all just sounds, with no meaning other than "the program with icon looking like ...". For people in Poland Windows and Word means computer programs, their real meanings are second thoughts, even if they even know what that words means. I'll agree - Libre Office sounds strange, but it is adventage - it makes brand stronger. And people will get used to it, if it will be good. It's quite common in procedural generated games to use perlin noise to create terrain (anything, really:). My master thesis was about "PRNGs in game programming", and I've done 2d side scroller shooter with unlimited world generated on the fly using 2d perlin noise. http://alan.umcs.lublin.pl/~ajuc/programy/gry/hw3/hw3.tar.gz If anyone is interested there it is - written in C++ with SDL, libparagui and a few other SDL_* libraries. Probably compiling it will be hard - I've used libparagui that was in gentoo at that time, then I've learned it is patched version, and on other systems older version was in the package managers. A few times, but it did nothing dangerous, only created a lot of empty files with stupid names (there were > in pasted text). Anyway, I still think it's useful feature. What bit me hard once on c programming exam was typing: gcc p[TAB]rog.c -o p[TAB]rog.c[ENTER] it's unfortunate bash can't autocomplete names of files that don't exists yet. Nice tip, but this only comments out the first line of pasted text. I do: cat > a [CLICK] [CTRL+D] Nice hack. So how do we know modern compilers don't do this? I wonder if they considered as possible explanation better primary schools outside of USA. So far I only encountered 1 site that required silverlight to work (onet.pl public video streaming), I have linux, so I installed moonlight, it almost worked, but then I've learned that they also use some DRM that only works on Mac and Windows (also - it told me firefox is not supported :)). For me using silverlight is like telling people to keep away. :) Greetings to you too. Then how is momentum preserved? If this being is omnipotent, it should be able to prove anything. Otherwise it is not really omnipotent (for it can't do this one thing). BTW - talking about omnipotence using logic is useless - omnipotence can't be described by logic, because it leads to paradox (can omnipotent being do something, that omnipotent being can't do?). Anyway - interesting questions. Inkscape ? "This happens all the time in mathematics where a theorem seems to be true when considered in a less abstract simplification, but counterexamples can be found when a more accurate but less intuitive and more abstract conceptual model is used." That's exactly the place where asking yourself "That would mean that..." is a good idea - this provokes searching for counterexamples. Edit: When learning math I always try think of a few examples that would fit each definition, and that would not - it makes thinking about that definitions later much simpler. Introduce fees. There is demonstration of flight in formation with regular planes, so he has at least some control. Costs of living are different across the world, so people can live on the same level with smaller wages in less wealthy countries. Could you explain why? For me it seems I'd prefer to work for 1000$/month in Poland, than in USA. I think what you are describing is employees market, where I am used to employers market. Why should employer pay more, when they would find students wanting first job so hard, that they would work for 800$ a month? Are in states salaries in every city the same? In Poland we have 100% differences between Warsaw and Lublin. Yes it is. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reductio_ad_absurdum Examples in math abounds. Philosophy doesn't really give answers - it only states interesting questions, and if we can answer some of them - a new science is born. Judging from today state of the art AI - creativity would be automated much earlier than dumb physical jobs. We already have pattern matching and theorem proving software, I think that throwing sheer computing power at hard problem where strict criteria for correctnes are defined would be cheaper than human problem solver. On the other hand mechanical and interfacing side of robot revolution seems to lag after AI research. Teaching robot to run is hard problem, brain has many layers of hardware for doing this, and it's easier to make new human, than it is to make new robot. All in all I predict the exact opposite - unskilled workers will have jobs, creativity in many cases would be automated. You just go the whole way up to the root node counting parents (taking max length when there are many routes), no problem with amiguity. The problem is - it's slow. IMHO the worst problem with JS is too losely defined standard - typeof on array or on function on some implementations return Object, on some other something different, you often have to check for type of argument (when coding function that would be overloaded in languages that support this concept), and properly doing this is pain (checking is something is array is often done by checking if it has "length" property!). Still, JS is perfect example of how important closures are for programming language - they make very bad language acceptable. Maybe it's me not understanding dynamic typing etc, but it makes me afraid someon will use my code with object like that: var rope = { color: "red", length: 10 }; I'm Polish, and this is very true. People here, especially old one, feel like victims of history, and are holding grudge. Young people just go on, catching the chances we eventually have, not thinking too much about history. For the generations that had bad luck to live under German or Soviet occupation during WW2, and then in communism, they still holds grudge (and I understand them). We even have great poetry about this: Czesław Miłosz "The Envoy of Mr. Cogito" "...and do not forgive truly it is not in your power to forgive in the name of those betrayed at dawn beware however of unnecessary pride ..." It's easy to forgive, when you're the winner. For people that had to live as victims for long time, when they see nobody cares anymore, it's hard. This subject is currently highly dividing point of public debat here - two greatests parlament parties are defining their difference using this division. They'll deploy army of dirt movers there, and sell "your logo on moon" ads. "The problem is that our brains are pretty specific in the types of problems they're adapted to solving" Brain in fact can adapt it's physic coprocesor to solve many problems it was not originaly intended to solve - see extreme sports, arcade games, steering vehicles, playing live music (and imrpovising it). I think we could perform many task currently thought to be too computation intesive for human, if there was some clever interface, allowing us to use our coprocessor to solve it. Like somehow translating problem of controlling induction motor into problem of keeping balance on the bicycle :) I wonder, if they checked some languages that includes pronouns in verbs. For example in Polish pronouns are mixed with verbs - you say "szła" (she went), "pójdzie" (he will go) or "idę" (i am going), you can add pronouns "ona szła", "on pójdzie", "ja idę", but that's only stylistic choice. Most people rarely use pronouns (it's considered verbose, and sometimes egocentric to add "ja" (I) when you don't have to). I suppose in Polish usage of pronouns would not predict anything, because it is not determined by structure of text (like in English), but by stylistic choices of speaker. Not really the point of the article, but it always unnerves me, when people talk about Turing breaking Enigma, and not mention whole effort ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptanalysis_of_the_Enigma ). Enigma was broken by Polish mathemathicians in 1938, then improved by Germans, then broken again, Poles had given all their discoveries to France and to Great Brittain, they also invented first "Bomba" to that worked mechanically. It's complicated story, and these people deserve credit along with Turing. But till 1970 it was classified information, and to this day everybody talks only about Turing. Maybe it's my nationalism bias at work, but I'd prefer if the whole story was better known. I don't know which meaning of random you have in mind, but we can make predictions about random "things". If I understand correctly if we measure qubit that is in 10/90 superposition of 0 and 1, we have 0.1 and 0.9 chance of it becoming 0 and 1 respectively. We can predict, that it would probably be 1, but it is still random. Or am I wrong? "lack of respect for others (who do have to suffer looking at you)" If I suffer when I speak with people that don't agree with my beliefs - is it good enough reason for them to convert to my beliefs? How is it different than requiring people to respect you esthetical sense by complying with it? In C++ block is often a way to ensure automatic variable destruction. This is important, because in C++ often there is important stuff going on in destructor. For example in RAII idiom. Example: ... ... { //critical section QMutexLocker locksInConstructorAndUnlocksInDestructor(&mutex); a = doStuff(a,b,c); b = doOtherStuff(a,b,c); c = andAnother(a,b,c); } .. .. It would be overkill to make this block a function, especially when code in critical section changes many variables. Like Arkady and Boris Strugatsky, or Jules Verne. Anyway, who cares, de gustibus something something. I wonder if Jacek Dukaj is known outside of Poland? He writes very philosophical SF. Probably he's not, because nobody translates him. What a shame. There are some excerpts translated by fans: http://dukaj.pl/English/ReadingRoom/BlackOceans Thanks for this link, I've been looking for something like that. Generators like in Python allow for nice AI scripting with explicite time-sharing - each AI actor is generator function, that in main loop has yield statement. That way it all works in one thread, and ai code can be written straightforward, like each actor had it's own thread. So if we want to make roads safer, we should make people think driving is more dangerous than it really is. It's counterintuitive - changes in perception of reality are more useful than changes in reality. My first knee jerk reaction was similiar - to grandparent - this app looks so simple, that with $15 price it seems you want to break even with 20 copies sold. Nothin wrong with that, but it just seems too expansive for the effort it seems to take to make something like that. Probably it's my inner optimistic programmer speaking, I can believe it was much more difficult to make this than I predict, but that was my first reaction - maybe it would be usefult to you to know. Anyway, good luck. I wish I finish my game someday, and will have my shot at being entrepreneur. BTW: for developer in small Polish city $15 is 2-3 hours of work There is similair network in Poland ( http://chomikuj.pl/ ). It's mostly used by pirates, and social aspect is not the main functionality (you can add comments, images, recommend people to other people, share their files, etc. , but that's all). Most people think of it as an alternative to rapidshare. They earn money from users paying for downloading transfer (uploading is free, or even gives you points you can use to download other files, I don't remember). I wonder how they deal with copyright - maybe because you are supposed to know everybody you share with - it is fair use? Anyway - it exists. I don't know about programming games, or complex applications. But look how many people work with Excel or similiar - all the kids in Poland learn to use spreadsheets - and this is just purely funcitonal programming language with strange ui. If they can understand "COUNT.IF" function and referencing cells in expressions - why couldn't they learn to write simple python srcipts. Programming is easy to learn, hard to master. Most people don't need to learn to write elegant, correctly designed programs that are easy to extend. Most people would benefit from just knowing how to glue together simple scripts to automate what they are doing. We don't require everybody to learn to write books, but we do want everybody to learn how to write note. What adventages this question has over asking candidate to write factorial, or FizzBuzz, or sth like that? It only checks if you can estimate the thickness of paper sheet and know powers of 2. Anybody can know that. I have question to recruiters: if job requires "Hibernate" and I've used hibernate in my previous job, but have never configured it from scratch, only tweaked some models, wrote some EJBQL queries - does this count as "knowing Hibernate"? I've also never used Hibernate annotations, becasue we use hbm files, and we have templates to make the, so I'd have problems writing such file from scratch. Do you check knowledge of required libraries on the blackboard? Do you assume people should know all the corners of such libraries, or do knowing some things and wanting to learn more if it will be needed suffices? I use at work jboss, hibernate, jbpm, and many other technologies that are often mentioned in job offers, but I don't feel I can say I know them - only the parts that I needed to do the job. Is this considered not enough? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_travel#Via_faster-than-lig... If we can send information even a little to the past, we can then send it a little more to the past, and by induction we can send information anywhere in time. So we have infinite power computers. Singularity starts here. There are already systems for handling routine court cases (mostly all about "letters before debt recover action" and managing when these payments are due). One in my city - in 2011 it handled almost 1000000 cases already (it employs 102 "judging" persons - 4 judges and 98 "junior judges"). So it is 1000000/(270*102)=36 cases per day per person (not counting free days). Human input is very limited in such systems, and throughput is huge - freeing humans to do more creative work. I can only imagine it getting more automatic every year and handling greater varety of cases. Article about it (in Polish - sorry) - http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/Wiadomosci/1,80273,10326080,Jedy... I believe AI will be stealing our jobs long before robots will be stealing jobs of cleaners or builders. That's because we are much better at scaling software than hardware. Write program once and it can handle any amount of information given enough processor time. And processor time is commodity now. And special purpose AI is getting better all the time. Already happening - for now in the small niches - like systems that allow lay man to search law (less demand for lawyers), or systems that handle routine cases leaving judges only checking documents and signing them (see my previous comment). There won't be a C3PO walking awkwardly into court room, but some day most of the cases will be handled in the software, leaving controversial matters and appelations to humans. "Money, also, is finite. The more someone else has, the less everyone else has. It's impossible for everyone to be rich. In order for someone to win, many have to loose." But money are only tokens. Products and services created by economy is what makes economy strong, not tokens it uses (imagine all prices and salaries going up 10 times - what would change?). Limited amount of money can suffice for everyody, if everybody is efficiently doing something useful to others, then limited amount of money circulates in economy, and everybody has it for some time, buing what he needs and selling what he produces. That's theory at least. Problem is - sometimes nobody wants to buy what you produce at your price - then you are poor and rich keep their money for themselves. Turing machine is a tape + some functions that modify this tape. If you connect screen to the tape so it shows part of the content of the tape in some manner - do this mean that Turing machine can print on the screen, or not? Bad analogy: I can write, but I don't have pen and paper bundled from my birth. I understand being able to print to screen as being able to put information in a form that allows screen to show it. Otherways no programming language can print to screen, because programming languages are software, and screen is hardware. The problem with considering long term effects and indirect consequences is - it's hard, and often there's no way to know for sure what the consequences will be. If we have 2 opposite effects going on, and one school of economics says this one will be more powerful, and the other says the other one will be more powerful, and there's no way to know who is right, then how can we expect people to consider these effects, if people don't know what the efects will be. Short term effects are mostly obvious. Long term effects are harder to predict, and people suck at estimating probabilities. So it's easier to ignore the long term effects altogether. Does this assume, that all available girls are available for the whole experiment duration? Because if "better" girls are "taken" earlier, then it can explain preference to marry earlier seen in real life. I've learned English trying to understand documentation for Turbo Pascal 7 :) That, and playing games. The first game I've made was written in Turbo Pascal in 13h. It was 2d arcade shooter, witch "asteroids" physics, tiled terrain, and diablo-like system of better weapons and enhancements to buy to your ship. And it was under 600 kb (including graphic), because I didn't knew how to use extended memory from Pascal. It was procedural code with few global variables that contained whole state of game. Code was just many procedures calling each other, and I divided it all into 2 files, because TP had limit on code size to 65536 bytes or sth like that. So I just cut and pasted a few procedures to the second file. It was horrible code, but it worked, and was quite easy to modify despite the lack of architecture, because it was small. And because adding hacks when you have global variables is easy. And most importantly - the game was quite fun to play. Unfortunately I've lost it in hard disk accident a few years ago. Anyway - constraints are good for you, because you have some hard decisions made for you. And caring over implementation details more than about the result is bad. Now I program with all the cool technologies, use oo principles, design patterns etc, but it's less fun, and the result is most often unfinished project. I just can't keep motivation all the way from buidling foundations to making it a finished game. Maybe that's because now I have job and less time (and energy) for hobby, or the fact that I'm doing more ambitious projects now. But I think it's also because now I overengineer. Maybe it's time to try small and ugly coding once again? I'm reading books different way than people I know. I'm skipping many fragments, I think I read maybe 10% of the whole text. This applies to fiction and technical books as well. I'm doing this automatically, without thinking about it, some time ago I've discovered this, when at 2nd reading of the book I've stumbled at a fragment that made my understanding of the whole story "reevaluate" :) Somehow I've missed the fragment before, and the whole book made less sense. I've tried to understand how my brain decides what to skip, and the heuristic is sth like this - read all things that starts with "-" (dialogs are the most important), beginning of the paragraphs, and the places that have many whitespaces, skip most of the other text, if you don't know what you are reading about - think for a while to deduce what's going on, if you don't know - go back and read more. That's not the whole heuristic, but that's what I can easily notice. Especially the skill to "wait for a few pages to see if something you don't know yet will explain by itself, or can be deduced from what you know" is usefull. That way I read faster than most people I know, and I'm good at quickly learning material for exams (but without using the information I quickly forget what I've read. I even don't remember sometimes if I've read this book at all - mostly happens with fantasy books - they are all similiar :) ). I'm also very bad at remembering names of real people and book heroes. I remember them "functionaly" - the one that is the uncle of the bad guy, etc. Programming feels more like playing minefield than reading a book or communicating with somebody. You are constantly wondering "this and this implies that this would be true always, except if this won't be true, but this won't happen because of something, so i can safely change this to that, and nothing would break". You should make comments and try to convey what are you doing to future human readers of your programs, and for this good communication skills are important, but the core of the program - the code - is pure logic and adhering to strict protocols, and without this you won't program at all. So language skills won't automaticaly make you good programmer. Just try, it's addicting, you'll know if you want to do it :) In Poland it's Independence Day (Poland regained independence after 123 years of occupation in November 1918, 11th was choosen as holiday). Great design. I especially liked the tabbed explanation for different DB providers, and hidden-by-default detailed explanations for some points. Somebody put effort to make this site very usable and this shows. I've had my project graded one mark lower (even thought it was more cool and had more features than projects other people submited), because there was no documentation, and no easy way to install it. Now I think I should go and give flowers to that teacher :) IMHO it depends on the part of the project. When you are building infrastructure (buisness logic independent), static languages are better, because most things are clearly defined, and change rarely, so overhead is small, and the code is general (few special cases). When you build the real thing, that includes business logic, dynamic languages are better, because it's much easier to change business logic and add special cases on the fly. And there are always special cases. That's why big projects written in static languages often have implementations of some dynamic language embedded, and when they don't, they use unholy mess of configuration files and dependency injection to achieve the same goal. I much prefer intentionaly designed embedded dynamic language to writing implementations of factories and changing xml files. To see how much dynamic your static code is count all the casts from Object, and all template classes instanced for Object (especially common are List , Map ). Writing infrastructure code in dynamic languages - I agree - it's harder to get right than with staticaly typed languages, and the benefits aren't obvious. If the generator memory size is equal to seed size (64 bits), then period can't be larger than 2^64, and that's probably what grand-parent meant. But generator can have states that are not possible to be set directly by seeding (like when generator has for example 1024 bits of state, but can be seeded from 64 bit int). Then period is larger than 2^64, and grand-parent thesis don't hold. > The most irritating example of this is that if you don't pass enough arguments to a proc object the other parameters get filled in with nil. In my mind this should throw a type error, but in Ruby it doesn't. Maybe automate checking this? I don't know Ruby much, but there's .arity method on proc that seems to be apropriate for this. Mouse can't be perfectly copied. Code can. If biologists could copy mice from other experiment to give them their own drugs and compare results, they would surely do this along with using their own mice. The more ways to compare experiments, the more sure we will be about results. I understand cleaning up code is a lot of work, so don't do it, just release it as it is. I know it will be ugly, will include obscenity, etc. If somebody need it, it will do the rest of work. Data depends on the code. You can't write neutrino arrival time to file on hard disk without some code in between the equipment and the file. That code can be wrong, too. Some code has to be trusted, and scientists can't check every assumption every time, so I don't blame them. But why don't they allow others to check the code? It's the opposite of scientific method. If an electrician offered to check them for free, in his free time, why should they refuse? EDIT: publishing code don't require dismantling equipment. It's not my fault electrician isn't very good analogy. Some people will run the same code on the same data. They will get the same results, but so what. Some other people will run the same code on different data (maybe from simulation, or when checking their own theory). They will get some other results, or the same. Some people will recreate experiment from scratch, and get code B and data B. Some people will run code A on data B. Some people will run code B on data A. Now we can't do that. The code is already written, it's waste to hide it, it's not like publishing code prohibit other people from writing their own code. That's how you check for errors - by changing as little as possible and observing results. Abstract: Assuming current theories are right, experiment that disproves current theories is wrong. c cannot be changed without changing E=mc^2, equations for time dilation, equations for adding velocities, and many others, that have been verified experimentally with great precision. Even as small diffeence would show up in past experiment. So If the true c is greater than old c, old c still has to be there for these equations. So no - updating c is not an solution. Don't work on my Kubuntu (Chromium 13.0.782.215 (Build 97094 Linux) Ubuntu 11.04 ). Nothing happens when I click the button. EDIT: on Firefox too. So Scala is to Java what C++ was to C Chess have quick feedback loop. You do sth wrong and almost immadietly you know it was wrong. Programming (getting the design just right) doesn't. You only feel the pain of bad design in big projects, after a few months passed. Even the most complex games of chess would be finished in one day, most often in an hour or so. Where programming has quick feedback loop, people learn very quickly - for example learning the syntax of programming language is easy, because when you do sth wrong, you know after a few minutes. Rotatin (in general - transforming) voxels in real time is difficult compared to polygons, because with polygons you only transform vertices, and in voxels you have to transform every voxel. EDIT: If you are spekaing about preprocessing data - yes - you can rotate as much as you want, the only problem will be that object instanced 1000 times with different orientation/scale will take 1000 times more memory than object instanced 1000 times with the same orientation/scale. With polygons there is no difference. > What would you do if you need just the first 5 elements of a 100-element long list? I like Python solution there: list = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10] a,b,c = list[0:3] Also when I do a,b,c = list[0:4] I get "ValueError: too many values to unpack" as it should be - you can always catch the exception and ignore it, if your code really don't care. Eliminating libraries has adventages - it eliminates dependency. When you have to integrate 2 projects using different basic libraries, it's painful. In one of C++ programs I've worked on, we've had 4 different classes for string used (along with char* of course). I think the bad part of string interpolation is that it encourages to use it constantly, in place, instead of extracting it to method. Gluing strings together is the weak point of application, and should be hard to do, to encourage people to wrap it in functions, that can also validate input, escape what needs to be escaped, etc. Maybe that's my "discipline and bodage" part talking :) I was arguing that non-strict destructuring is bad, so this code IMHO should throw exception: a,b,c=[1,2,3,4] The reason for this is - if you assume array has 3 elements, but it has more, your code will silently ignore the rest. You'll have to write your assertion every time you destructure, to be sure that destructuring don't ignore data. The exceptional case IMHO is when you need to ignore data, and so code for this case should be uglier, not the other way around. You are right that catching exception for regular code path isn't the best way, but at least programmer intention is clear then. You could also do a,b,c = list.slice(0,3); which copies the array, but at least it's clear what it assumes about the array. And it can be easily modified to get last 3 values, or 3 values from the middle of list. So no need for 2 idioms depending on which items you want to get from the array. I don't know if that's the reason, but I've flagged your post by accident (wanted to click "comments"). But then I unflagged it, so this doesn't count? Anyway - maybe someone thinks it's too repetative to add each post to hackernews? I don't think so (because I think of getting pasive income myself and find your post interesting), but I can understand if somebody did think that way - after all people interested in your posts could go to your page to read next posts, if they wanted to. Money are not that important. It's just universally agreed token for how much people want something. If there were no money, people will just invent something new in their place. Like "talons" for many rare goods in socialist states. In socialism everybody was paid almost the same, goods were priced according to the state order, but there were not enough goods for everybody (for example cars, but also TVs, houses, almost everything). So there were "talons" for cars, which operated like "more important money". You worked in factory, you got your pay, you theoreticaly could afford car, but you still needed to have "talon" to buy this car. And talons were issued for people that had connections, or was useful to government (for example by spying on neighborns). So there were 2 kinds of money, and the kind that was important was the kind that was rare. People made big unofficial buisnesses on trading talons for other goods etc. The moment the socialism was abolished we had tens of tousands companies created, because people wanted goods, and now money mattered instead of connections and "talons". So people started doing things that mattered to other people to earn money, to afford to buy things they wanted. In one month shops changed from having nothing (only very basic goods like bread, vinegar, etc, most food was produced by the only free industry during socialism - individual farmers that sold them on black market), to having everything. That was useful for people, and the reason it changed in so small amount of time was that money are a good way to show people what other people wants. If people really wanted to stop hunger in Africa, we would do this years ago. The reason we didn't is - we don't care. Abolishing moneys will do nothing to address this problem. Also - automation increased for last 200 years. People predicted working day of 3 hours, etc. Instead we work more, to afford more things. I live in Poland, and every programmer I've met speaks English at least good enough to read documentation. I assume you are citizen of USA. Would you like USA to join countries like Brazil, Canada, Mexico, Kuba, Wenezuela, Peru, and others to form one huge country with common political system (mix of current political systems of these countries), new official language (let's say it won't be English), common currency, etc? For this analogy to hold don't assume USA will dominate this union (even thought it would in reality), because for most countries in EU - they won't dominate. Think about this - more people in this new country would live outside of USA than inside, so when some hard decision comes, there's big chance former USA will lose the voting. There's big chance that people from USA will be minority in government of that new country. That's how many people in EU think about EU becoming one state. It's not about average throughtput, it's about peak throughtput (during rush hours). Big percentage of families will want their cars at 8-9 and 16-17. So utilisation of cars will never be 90%, more like 45%, which is still big change, I agree. It's also possible that companies will do the sensible thing and adopt adjustable working hours (many software companies do this already here). Regulation isn't always good. I'd say it's mostly bad. For example - in my country for more important contracts (like selling house, etc) there is a requirement, that apart from both sides signs, that "notariusz" (dictionary says it's notary public) will sign this contract. "Notariusz" is regulated job, there is constant amount of them (you have to pass very hard exam to become one, and mostly being a notariusz goes from father to son ,because others won't pass exams somehow). People are required to hire a notariusz to check important contracts, and notariusz gets percentage of contract worth for a work, that any intelligent people will do anyway (like checking ground register before buying a house, etc). I do think they are sometimes usefull, but why regulate them? Why are they mandatory? People that want to risk should be able to risk, people that want to be safe can pay more to be safe. In IT various schools and certificates exists, so people can prove, that they are good enough to do some job. There are bad schools and better schools and certificates, why do you think state will be better at assesing people qualifications than private company (which sole buisness model will depend on being good at that). Why is state always trying to do others work? I'd much prefer free market in such matters. The same goes for engineers, architects, etc. Just make sure people are responsible for their errors, and there would be cheap but risky architects, and expansive but safe ones. And insurance companies would require you to hire these with respectable certificates. No need for state to mess with this. Fun (IMHO) story: My uncle was hired in 90' as a consultant engineer in a factory (they produced parts for Deawoo car factory in Poland). The plastic parts of the inside part of the roof was heated up, and pressed into proper shape, and the process was somehow undetermined - sometimes the product was ok, often it was not. Workers at the line developed some routines that helped (voodoo, like touching the machine in just the right moment, after a few seconds of heating, or making short pauses after a few roofs produced). They argued whose "magic touch" is better :) That helped (according to them), but still big percentage of roofs were broken. My uncle found the source - one temperature detector was not connected to the machine, the cable instead touched the case of the machine. But that machine was used for a few years already, and the "voodo" was helpful in geting the job done in the meantime. Yes - they should investigate the root cause earlier, but the owner wasn't interested in investing any money in the tooling after initial investition, and just blamed "uneducated" workers for big percentage of broken products. Retail banks are special case, because they are given special government permission to multiply money, and if abused, this priviledge can make the whole economy crash. So banks that lend more money than they have should be controlled by someone. And banks are only a few in a market, big, and can easily ignore new companies wanting to certificate them, making these certificates worthless. So there is need to regulate banks. With workers it's not a problem, so there is no need for state to get involved. Regarding insurance companies - I don't think there is inherent need for regulation. A few broken insurance companies won't destroy economy. For their clients it will be a problem, but that's also true for other activities we currently don't regulate. At first, insurance companies wasn't regulated, and they somehow managed to work. Now people expects state to regulate them, so we trust unknown insurance companies too much, so if we were to stop with regulation, many people will lose. But if we did not started regulating them before - this would not be a problem. We see the world through our experiences. We are getting older, having more problems as we age, so we see that the world is getting worse. But real life is not balanced, and not fair, and everything takes forever. And you can't save and load game, so most people are too afraid of failure to try anything really cool or dangerous. But they want to feel the achievement so they do it in games, where everything is fine-tuned to be achievable. When the given advice is "don't fake elections", I disagree with you - everybody in the world is qualified to give such advices. Don't treat this as being rude, I'm just curious - why does Canada need so big military expenses? In my (uninformed) opinion Canada is as safe, as anybody can be in modern world - ocean on each border with one exception - USA, that is friendly, and if it's not, Canada don't stand a chance with them anyway. If I don't see the difference between these images (ok, some parts are slightly brighter), does that mean I have color deficiency too ? Could you elaborate? I wonder if rep-rap can print good enough lego pieces? Clojure has something even cooler than doto. It's called "thrush operators": http://clojuredocs.org/clojure_core/clojure.core/-%3E and http://clojuredocs.org/clojure_core/clojure.core/-%3E%3E There are possible formal interpretations of that problem that are interesting, so people are arguing about them, instead of arguing about the proffesor intention, which is obviously what you wrote. One possible interpretation: "There will be exam this week" means (1) X is a random variable from the set {1,2,3,4,5}, with unknown distribution. "you won't know the day till the start of the exam" means, that (2) P( X=x | P(X=x | X>x-1) = 1 ) = 0 Since X 5-1) = 1. So we know that P(X=5) = 0. From this we know that P(X=4 | X>3) = 1. So P(X=4) = 0. From this we know that P(X=3 | X>2) = 1. So P(X=3) = 0. From this we know that P(X=2 | X>1) = 1. So P(X=2) = 0. From this we know that P(X=1 | X>0) = 1. So P(X=1) = 0. Contradiction. From this students could deduce that (1) or (2) assumption is wrong (logical "or"). Further implications are based on students assuming there won't be an exam, which makes the exam surprising in the end, and removes contradiction, or assuming that (2) is false, which makes all days possible, which removes contradiction. For me it's dubious reasoning - if we had contradiction once, it can't be removed by forgetting it for a while. At least that's my intuition. If I've made errors, please, correct me. Circularity is here: P( exam is today | P(exam is today | exam was not earlier) = 1) = 0 EDIT: if this is good formalisation of proffesor sentence. I'm not 100% sure. > But the teacher is not really giving you a gurantee that x is a random variable from the set {1,2,3,4,5}. Why? Even if X is always 1, it is a random variable from {1,2,3,4,5}, with distribution {1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0}, which I don't know so it is unknown for me. For me teachers method of choice is not important - he can throw the dices, he can set it to 1. For me it's still random variable, because I don't know the result. If the real space is {1,2}, because teacher will throw a coin, I can still think about it as variable on {1,2,3,4,5}, because it's all the same, when the probabilities are {0.5, 0.5, 0, 0, 0}. We differ in interpretations. For me, even if student correctly guessed, that the test will be on Monday, if he couldn't deduce this from the assumptions, he will be surprised. Like when you roll the dice - you can guess that the dice will roll 6, sometimes you'll be right, but you'll still be surprised if it rolls 6. If someone told you before the roll, that this dice always rolls 6 - you'll know that, and then you won't be surprised. The dice is the same, your guess is the same, what changed is your knowledge. In our example teacher provided us with knowledge that is contradictory. You can deduce anything you want from 0=1, so the whole exercise is futile. I didn't assumed Friday probabilty is > 0, nor any other day. I didn't assumed X is not random variable with other options. I just assumed all the other options for sure have probability of 0, so can be ommited, and for days 1..5 I didn't assumed anything other than teacher guaranted. But we are given guarantee that no day will have probability 1.0, if I know it wasn't any day before. From the guarantee we know it won't be Friday. From this we know it won't be Thursday, and so on. From the fact that teacher told us that there will be an exam this week, we know any other options we could add (like "not given at all", or "next monday") have probability of 0. From this all we see that teacher claims were contradictory. Nitpicking: "If 1 = 2, then 2 = 4" technically this is a true statement. Any implication starting with false premise is true. But you already know that, and you meant that I cannot use the "then" clause of this implication, because it can be true or false. Main subject: My reasoning resulted with contradiction, which I blamed on assumption (1) or (2), but it can be that there was hidden assumption (3) "there is a chance that Friday will be choosen". When we assume (1) (2) and (3) we have contradiction, when we assume (1) and (2), but not (3), we can't use (2) to prove there's no possible day to choose for teacher, so that case is the solution. OK - count me persuaded. Thanks for disscussion. Dink Smallwood is a lot like Zelda. In countries where you can go to jail for being an oppositionist law only applies to people gov wants it to. No problem with prohibiting something to the general population and still using it when it's convenient for the rulling class. Yeah, but here we know about that because 22 years ago we had authoritharian government too. BTW - Poland tries to do sth about Lukashenko (like sponsoring "Radio Free Bellarusia", and promising more trade and loans if he will be less opressive towards opposition). But I don't know if it works at all. And knowing how government enterprises works in Poland, Radio Free Bellarusia probably suck :) Nitpicking: technically Belarussia is as much European soil, as Germany. Or he meant European Union, which is not the same thing as Eurozone, nor Europe. Anyway - this is nitpicking. > the biggest effective gdp/person after oil-rich Russia I assume you mean among countries that was part of USSR? Not exactly: Estonia 18,527 Lithuania 17,235 Russia 15,612 Latvia 14,504 Belarus 13,874 Not to mention countries that have been soviet sattelites like Hungary (18,841), Poland (18,981), or Czech Republic (24,950). To be fair Belarus could still do much worse - for example like Ukraine (6,698). Data from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(PPP)_... If there was a way to mark functions and their inverses consistently in language, then functions with inverses could be used in (semanticaly) pure functional code, even if they were destructive. For (stupid) example: def reverse(x) as inversible with(reverse): #special case - reverse is itself inverse function x = x.reversed() #I'm too lazy to code this by hand def lastFive(x) as pure: #let's say language checks if pure function only uses pure and inversable functions return x[:5] under reverse Here lastFive is pure function even thought reverse is destructive. This assumes everybody sticks to one definition of reversing something, in this case functions f and g are inverse of each other, when after invoking f(x), doing only pure or reversable things to x, and invoking g(x), x is unchanged. And I don't know if this will be useful for anything - the only point seems to be avoiding making copies and still making pure functions. But resulting code, while semanticaly pure, is not threadsafe. So I don't know if it's worth anything. Designing experiments to differentiate between possible explanations. It is the key to problem solving in general. For example - when I debug program, I often fail to apply this concept, and change things randomly to guess what's wrong, or stare at screen guessing. Most often, controlled experiment answers the question faster and more definitely, than guessing, or experimenting without plan. In Poland it works the same. For the first few years it's one month termination time both ways, then 3 months. But many people work on "junk contracts" that does not offer any such protection, and allow employer to pay less taxes (skiping social insurance etc). We also have paternal vacations, but much shorter - 20 weeks to share between father and mother. And employers still complain that it's too much. Right-wing label does not mean anything. The same's true for left-wing label. Politics has more than one dimension, and we're not even sure which dimension is described by this left-right dychotomy. Wow. So if monitoring system is supposed to discourage vandalism, it's better for the camera to look like head with eyes looking at you? Free speech is a human right, and people were already killed in the conflicts about it. BTW - if IP is not a human right, then it's reasonable that people are unnverved by imposing it on them. Look at it that way - "Do not eat pigs" is also not a human right, and eating pigs is not a human right. It's neutral. Yet some religions demand that you respect this law. All is OK. But when this law is made universal, and people of other faiths go to jail because of eating pigs it starts to be scary. Is that even disputed, that animals can "experience being killed"? I don't doubt there are sentient animals, other than humans. For example dogs, crows, dolphins, elephants, probably tons of other. Once animal can predict future and react to it, he can't help but be sentient - otherwise how could he know what part of the future he can change, and what part is the einvironment. Killing them to eat is IMHO justified by the same reason tiger has the right to kill his prey. We're predators (ok, omnivores, but still - we eat meat). Well, some bears are also omnivores, yet often they prefer meat to plants, and no vegan seems to have problems with that. Besides - healthy diet including meat is easy and delicious. Healthy diet without meat is not trivial, and not so delicious (at least for me). And yet our brains works that way, and we trust them. If I understand correctly - no single neuron is neccesary for your brain to work ok. Brain does not depend on any single link working correctly. Somehow it works reliable enough. It's possible to make reliable systems from unreliable parts. They are reliable for things they are "designed" to. For example for motoric coordination, coordinationg body automatic functions - breathing, pumping blood, etc. They are also highly reliable for new things, if properly trained - like playing music, riding bike, flying plane, playing games, etc. Parsing natural language is not easy task, it involves symbolic processing, yet brains are better at this than computers. Complaining that brains without training are not reliable is like complaining computers don't work correctly without software. BTW - many of the errors brains make are not because of unreliable parts, but because of system design - we have some firmware that made sense before, and now is problematic. This firmware is reliable - it works as intended, only now the problems changed, and we can't change the firmware, and patching this in software causes some problems. Having to remember to eat certain plants to prevent anemia and other problems. We can trade height and mass for velocity - by dropping down things from ballon. So I wonder if it's possible to attach pulley to ballon with huge lift (according to http://www.chem.hawaii.edu/uham/lift.html helium ballons have almost exactly 1 g of lift for 1 liter, which is 0,001 m^3). So ballon with 20 m of diameter will have over 4 tons of lift. For 4 tons spherical lead weight with 0.62 m radius and 1.2 m^2 crossection and 0.47 drag coefficient dropped from 20 km this web calculator ( http://www.grc.nasa.gov/WWW/k-12/airplane/termv.html ) returns terminal velocity of 1505.569 m/s which is probably a little too big because it's hipersonic so drag coefficient will increase, but still, it's over 1/8 of escape velocity. Now to get a very strong, frictionless :) rope. Attach the weight to this rope, put the rope throught pulleys system multiplying the velocity 8 times, and attach the second end of rope to payload (very light - sth like 50 kg for example) lying on ground. Now fly the ballon to 20 km, leaving payload on the ground, drop the weight down, and look how your payload flies to space. Will it work? Probab ly not, because of rope-pulley friction.. Your argument applies to legalizing bribes also :) > "a reasonable reading of the law". Anyone relying on this when thinking about new laws deserves to have their constitutional rights slowly eroded year by year. Let me add another historical example of reasonable reading of law going awry - in renaissance and later Poland-Lithuanian Commonwealth there was noble democracy - all nobles had equal voting rights (that was +- 10% of country population). They elected kings, decided country matters during parlament sessions, etc. There was instituion of "liberum veto" - it was thought to be consequence of all nobles being equal in voting rights - it meant that every nobleman could stop any decision made by parliament, just by saing "liberum veto". For many centuries it was not as stupid, as it sounds, because it was common understanding, that this person could be then challanged to duel by anybody not agreeing with him (so people weren't overusing it), and that this veto only applies to one matter currently discussed, not everything that was decided during given session. But starting in 1652 understanding of this law changed to "liberum veto means any nobleman can cancel all decisions made during parlament session". And people started escaping after screaming "liberum veto". Of course it was abused by foreign countries - you just have to bribe one nobleman out of 10% of country population to block any decision (like decision to enlarge army). Slightly more than century later Commonwealth disappeared. > The advancement of technology and its ensuing freedom will trump any current setbacks. When the older generations move on and those who have grown up with the power of technology at their fingertips are in power, who have relatively open minds and understand the freedoms that technology provides, I think we'll really see some accelerated progression in both tech and overall quality of life for everyone. I'd like this to happen, but this seems to me very similiar to each past generation idee fix. First christians in Rome in first century thought when everybody will convert, there would be obviously no sins, and it will be almost haeven on earth. They were right with conversion dynamic, but wrong with the social implications. The same for revolutionists, romantic nationalists, liberals, communists, hippies, and now it's our turn. Every time the change happened, but the consequences were not exactly as bright, as young idealists predicted. I'd put my money on this time being exactly the same. I feel for you. I made side scrolling arcade game in 13h mode (in 2000 or sth like that, I was learning Turbo Pascal). It was quite addictive - had many levels, upgrading ships, different win conditions, physics (you flew a rotatable rocket - asteroid style physic, but with big tiled levels, with teleports, doors and buttons, enemies, and some objectives to do(transport people from bus stops to the barber - don't ask :) ). It even had water tiles, that had different physics (less gravity, more friction), and I've implemented interactions between different objects (like flamethrower bullets changes to harmless smoke in the water, laser goes throught glass tiles, etc). I made my own sprite editor (didn't know hwo to read bmp files :) ). I've lost it all to hard disk error a few years ago. > It's true that over-complication is the bane of good performance, but lets not pretend it is, or ever was, easy to get great performance. It's easier to overcomplicate things, than it is to keep things simple. Especially when there are changes to specification(which means always :)). And often performance comes as a bonus, when we simplify things. So I think GP had it right. Recently I've noticed in my code (ok, friend pointed it out to me), that I often leave too general code mixed with code with specific assumptions. Like - at first I've assumed nothing, so code was general, but more complicated than neccesary. Then I've learnt a few things, made more assumptions to get what I need faster, but I've left the general parts of code in place (maybe I'll need them later, besides more general == better, right?), even thought I could replace them with simpler and shorter and faster code, if I rethought these parts with new asumptions. So code is more complicated than it's needed, and won't work in general case anyway, and depending where somebody starts reading the code, he will think differently about what he can assume about data. Friend had replaced 2 instances of NumberAssigner class, synchronised between threads, with two instances of private int variables, and removed NumberAssigner class altogether :) Somehow it smells of ponzi scheme. And check out this http://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=webuysoftware Good Old Games is more apropriate example, I think http://www.gog.com/ > Alphabets transmit words, much less so sounds. In English, that is. Some languages using latin script always use the same sound for the same letter (how it should be done, IMHO). There were protest yesterday in many Polish cities - biggest in Kraków (15000 according to police), smaller 500-5000 in other cities. People summed it up to about 60 000 people in the whole country. Today there will be protest in Lublin, Poznan, and other cities. I'm going to the one in Lublin. Probably nothing's gonna change, but lies of the governament are too much. They say in TV and radio that ACTA won't change a thing in Polish law. And they say we need to change the law to be like in other "civilised" countries. No problem with contradicting themselves. Some Polish web sites had blackout ( http://di.com.pl/news/43067,0,Polski_blackout_przeciw_ACTA_j... ), but mostly sites with young and tech-savy users. So general population only know about Anonymus group cracking gov servers, and maybe about protests on the streets. Site about ACTA in EU and protests: http://whovotesforacta.eu Germany trade with Poland is greater than Germany trade with Russia. Germany is in NATO, like Poland. Germany is in EU, like Poland. Germany uses Poland as a "closer China" to boost its industry and export with cheaper labour. No danger from Germany to Poland. Russia is another matter, because it is not really democratic country. But full blown war - I don't think it's possible today. And USA don't give a shit about Poland for last 10 years or so, anyway. I don't think we should be nice to USA in ACTA matter. Well, growing 2d circles are just static sliced cones in 3d. So maybe some 3d space partitioning technique will do. EDIT: but I can't really think of any suitable for indexing big long cones. So it's no really useful idea :/ Brilliant, but they will just use pirated versions. Or regular versions. Another problem with increasing resolution - it makes everything more resource intensive. If you can't see the difference - it's burning more energy, or programs/games running slower for nothing. In my country YMD and DMY are used, and I don't see, which is more prevalent. And some people use "." some use "/" and some use "-" as separators. It doesn't seem to cause any problems. You just need to validate inputs (best - show example as the default value), and know which foramt you use. But MDY is just ugly and should die. It's almost as strange, as German way of saying 123. One hundert, three, and twenty :) Who invented this. EDIT: didn't wanted to insult Germans :) Learning hack I've found very effective (not that it is very original, but I was surprised how effective this is) - study with others, each of you should try to explain what you read to the others, and argue about what it means, why others got it wrong, etc. For me it's best motivation to try hard to understand something, when I can show off shortly after :) And it gives immediate feedback - if you can't explain something, you don't really understand it. And when a few people are learning together, they find most of the patterns quickly, and it makes learing the rest easier. With this, maybe having python as a shell will be possible :) There are this things called stationary phones. Some people still use them. Also - some people don't have mobile phone because they don't want to be available all the time. As popular as moblie phones are, there is no law that says everyone should have them. So many sci-fi ideas to explore.. While scientist can't read "real thoughts" instead of audio signal, spies would be taught to think in a secret language, preferably each spy in a different one, and only translate it, when they need to speak with someone. Maybe that's how Babel Tower happened :) I also wonder, if "real thoughts" are universally identifiable between people. I guess not, so reading them will require calibration of thought-reader. So it (the reader) could be tricked by interrogated person, by thinking about different things/ideas in calibration phase, than interrogators want you to think about. This allows for full blown fantasy style mind wars. Scary, but also cool. Apparently indirect democracy isn't working as well, as we would like it to work. Anyone knows somebody that would vote directly for such paranoic measures (what happens on airports, SOPA, PIPA, ACTA, all that propaganda for restricting freedom)? This security and copyright madness reminds me of middle ages witch hunts, and fighting heretic. Most people didn't cared about witches, nor heretics, as long as nobody said them they should. Governments and religions created that paranoia, and then it just lived on. I like this http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/261344/Henrician-A... solution to the problem of government instilled paranoia. It was possible in 1573 to demand of king, that he would keep the promises, he made before people elected him. People just made him sign a treaty, that if he started religious persecution, he will not be a king anymore accordingto law. Why now, in the age of democracy, we can't hold our representatives responsible, and can't demand that they will keep their promises? I would gladly vote for someone, that signed such documents before elections, that says he won't be fighting terrorists by restricting freedom. But in our system such contracts are void, if I understand correctly. It just works. I've thought it will sometimes work. And it just works. Brilliant. + 1 for easy serialization. Every language should have equivalent of Python pickle module. Sometimes you need specific file format, compatibility between languages, customization, etc - then pickle is not enough. But for my uses pickle was good enough most of the time, and it's stupidly easy to use. No need to change your code in any way. That makes one-off cashing of intermediate results to file system manageable, implementing save/load game is 3 lines of code (counting import). I love it, and I miss it in every other language I use. Javascript has JSON, but writing general code to serialize arbitrary object graph with cycles, functions as field values, properly storing prototype chains, etc is still hard. > It doesn't matter what Tusk says, Poland will be covered by ACTA when EU ratifies it. If EU ratifies ACTA, but Poland not, "only" the part of ACTA that is under EU competentions will be binding ("only", because that's like 90% of the whole treaty). But it is debatable if Poland has even the possibility to never ratify a signed treaty. Also - any new law has to be compatible with signed international treatis, even if these treaties are not ratified). If I understand correctly, we can withdraw from the whole treaty. But until it remains signed, even before ratifying it, we can't create law that is not compatible with it. But IANAL, just have read about ACTA etc recently, mostly on Vagla blog. All English sources, that google knows about : http://news.google.pl/news/story?ncl=dt6kARLjrYdhuXMdAaT2Ct-... In Poland baby boomers generation is now 20-30 years old. I'm not sure. I think it depends whether the not drinking till some ages is self-imposed, or externaly imposed, and how much external that prohibition is. For example I weren't drinking till 18, because I was very religious in primary/secondary school, and priests encouraged promising to yourselves to never drink till 18. Most people didn't care, I did (religion is nice mind-hack, btw, it's a shame it stops working when you don't believe it anymore). So I had to learn to party without alcohol, and I did. Some people were unfriendly because of that, but I figured they were obviously dumb, if me not drinking spoils their fun, so I won't care about them. Then I got 18, go to university, and drink alcohol like everybody, but never feel the need to drink too much. As for now I'm 28, and I've never had hangover, or lost memory. And I was partying hard at university. In my country you can buy alcohol from 18, but enforcement is not very strict, so kids start drinking in primary school, because it's cool, because you're gambling system. Of course most people grow up eventually. Binge drinking is a part of culture (well, wódka is Polish/Russian invention :) ), but young people prefer beer, and you have to really want to got drunk, when drinking beer, to got drunk. I think it more depends on the attitude and example of parents (mine had drink on occasions, but I've never seen my parents drunk. They also never made the alcohol sound like it's some great forbidden fruit they had to protect me from). "Programmer is overgeneralization" is overgeneralization. It depends on context. Some advices apply to programming in general, some are only true for some fields. Also - in science there's much talking recently about too strict specialization, and people from different fields not speaking between themselves, not sharing their tools. I guess it's good that in programming we don't have that problem yet. And if it comes with flamewars, so be it. Well, in my city average pay for programmers is 12 000 $. I know of people earning 35 000 $, but that's the upper limit. So if I wanted to use this site I would be considered bad programmer. AM radio works by modulating carrier wave (of constant, high frequency), by voice (small, variable frequency). You want to get the voice, and if you just connected signal from antenae to the speaker, it'll be vibrating too fast for you to hear the voice. So you need to filter out the carrier part of the signal. Diode only allows current to flow one direction, and the rest of circuit allows it to discharge slowly (it has some capacity). When there is unmoduled carrier wave (silence on radio), there is balance between the current that flows thoruhgt diode, and the current of discharge, so the voltage on speaker is more or less constant (probably not on 0 level, but it doesn't matter). When carrier wave is modulated to half the amplitude, speakers gets less the voltage. So speakers vibrate with voice wave frequency, not carrier wave frequency, so you can hear the voice. Imagine you want to measure the daily sea level, and it's very windy (big waves). You can't just measure it once a day, because depending on the moment you'll measure high or low level of wave, and you want the average level. So you make a container that is filled by waves throught one-way pipe, and you drill small hole in the bottom of that container, so it leaks at a constant rate. When you tune the size of hole in the bottom, and the size of one-way pipe correctly, you can measure level of water in this container, and it will be proportional to the average level of water in the sea. This is for some password authentication? I never understand why people restric password length. Why not 12-char alphanumeric? Or 32-char alphanumeric? Most people will use 10-char passwords (or shorter), but those concerned with security could use better. BTW - I'v got idea how to ensure people will use unique secure passwords on your site. It's a little harsh, but still. For each new user in registration form calculate 4-letters hash (from user number, timestamp, whatever), and require user to include this hash in his password (and that the password is at least X characters long). User that has favorite password "swordfish" will just use "swordfishX13h" probably, but it's still better than "swordfish". Do you really think it makes difference for a poor unknown author, whether he has exclusive rights for his book for 20 or 70 years? He can still sell his book after 20 years, after all. And regular people are not evil for the sake of it, if they want to buy a book, they would prefer to buy it from author, than from some opressive company. BTW new economy makes it easy to extract value from the long tail. How much does author earn on each book? 10 % of final price? Probably less. With if he self-publish an e-book, he can earn 100% of the price. Think about price difference for customer. Would you be more eager to buy book that is 1/10 the price? Would you be more eager to buy 21 years old book from author, or from some huge distributor? Cutting out the middle man is the way to support more content producers with the same amount of customers. Copyright protects distributors, not producers. Is it better for you to sell 10000 e-books, and know that for each book sold 10 more were pirated, or to sell 1000 e-books, and know nobody pirates them? I'd prefer the former. Consider, that this generation of Poles is first since 1795, that did not had to fight for freedom :) It is part of our culture to rebel, and there was nothing to rebel about recently (ok, there was, but people were divided on the most important matters, and ACTA is great as a common enemy). I wonder, if that's the case in other countries protesting right now. Latvia also suspended ACTA ratification today. https://www.amnesty.org/en/news/eu-urged-reject-internationa... Amnesty international asks EU not to sign ACTA. So rootcause is not A, but A && (B || C) && D. It is obvious to any programmer, that bug can occur depending on many factorshappening at once, or in the "right" order, years of bad data accumulating, etc. That does not destroy causality, nor make analysis useless. So where is this global wireless electricity transfer technology, after so many decades? Are copper wire producers still killing this technology, every time it shows up? Or was it only Tesla, that could invent this, and we lost this technology forever, because nobody is as brilliant, as Tesla? I accept Tesla was genius, but even he could have been wrong a few times in his life. Some of his unfinished inventions to this day sounds impossible, and we certainly have much more knowledge about physics, than he had. I don't think a few monopolies can stop progress, if the invention is really great. Polish first satellite is in it, too :) http://www.thenews.pl/1/10/Artykul/86192,Polands-first-ever-... > There are a handful of platformers on Linux and they all have the problem of being too hard. The games in the first few levels are so hard that the player quits before they can explore what the engine can even do or find the "fun" in the game. When you're developing a game by yourself, you play it 1000s times to test every small change, debug, etc. So you're becoming pretty good at it. So you balance it to be challanging, and it's too hard for regular players. At least that's what happened to me. Congratulations. I'm working on something similiar (ok, the biggest similiarity is in graphics - my game will be more like 2d sf action rpg with asteroid mechanics :)), and I'm very interested, if there's market for such games. If you could publish your experiences, I'd be grateful. EDIT: here's alpha version of my game. Most thigs don't work, and bugs abound, so beware :) Should work on modern browsers (capable of webgl, or at least canvas). http://alan.umcs.lublin.pl/~ajuc/tiled_arcade_webgl/current/ It's also making canvas window smaller, so it runs faster :) At least when it's using canvas software renderer, 20% of screen size is making a big difference in fps (on my old PC 30 versus 37 fps). But it would be worth it just for much simpler ui programming. I like Oskar Hansen idea - it's called Continuous Linear Form, and it says problems of cities arise from radial growth - city starts in the center and grows outwards in every direction. So transport routes, parkings have to go throught the city, dividing it, using up space, making everybody go further and further to do anything, and isolating people in the center of the city from the nature. So he imagined cities that are like lanes - growing from the center in only 2 directions. Everybody will have nature near, between such urbanised lanes will be villages, roads, etc - so transport will go throught wilderness, making it cheaper, and safer. These lanes should be continious, and areas of different functions should be placed repeatedly, in small distances, so nobody will have to go too far from home to servicing areas. Of course - it's a little utopian idea, but still, I like it. Some more info about Oskar Hansen, and his architecture: http://tnn.pl/Oskar_Hansen,2969.html One of the districts he designed (he had to make compromises, so it's not really LCF, but still, it's nice district for its time). http://tnn.pl/uploaded/zdjecia/200806191346500.hansen_041.jp... Didn't suburbia evolved organicaly from regular cities? Should we just accept it, because it's organical growth, so it's optimal? There's place for organical growth, and there's place for upfront design, both in programming and in urban development. The best cities layout I've seen was consequences of organical deveopment within some rules - see most old european cities. Building rules specified how broad should streets be, how high the building can be in each region, which functions can't be performed in which part of the city, which way should new streets be built. There were reasons for these rules. In my country after 50 years of communism (and hideus commie blocks, etc) we went throught 10 years of "free for all" development of cities. Believe me - I hate totalitarism, but in these first 10 years of freedom cities got much worse - wallmarts in the city center, ugly cheap postmodern buildings near 500 year beutiful houses, commercials hiding half of the city besides them. Now, since +- 10 years there is some regulations coming back, and I'm happy with that. Well, for me most of the disadventages you listed are adventages :) Pedestrian streets in the center, industry forced out of the city, services concentrating in the center, cars not viable for in-city transport, well developed public transport. Also, I don't think medieval and older cities were not planed. They were just designed without cars and milions of people in mind. With cars I think it's actualy good - cars and cities don't mix well. BTW: I know whole city designed by one architect as "ideal town" in 1580, and built according to these plans. It's quite nice to live - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zamo%C5%9B%C4%87 I'm not a Jew, but I've read the Old Testament, and God depicted there cares about intentions a lot more, than about effects. For example - God wanted Abraham to kill his son not because he wanted Jakub death, but he wanted blind obedience from Abraham. Which is still illogical - because first - God knew beforehand what Abraham will do, second - it's strange that God prefers people to be obedient, than ethical (one can argue that killing son because of God order is not unethical, when we assume God is always right). Anyway - omnipotent and omniscient God is logical contradiction already, either logic don't work on God, or it's all bullshit. So religion doesn't have to be logical. So majority making decisions once every 4 years - that's democracy, but majority making decisions on every issue - it's populism? I wonder how that magic that makes people wise enough once every 4 years works. One possible way is that politicians are better than regular people, and they have to lie before elections to ponder to stupid voters. After the election wise and benevolent politicians do what is Right, no matter their stupid voters opinion. Is THAT why indirect democracy is better? Because it depends heavily on the fact, that the most wise and benevolent politicians have to tell the best lies to the stupid voters. And it's not obvious to me, that this will be always true. European anti-ACTA movement is counterargument - people that were the most interested in participating are exactly the people that would deal with everything in net instead of real life. And yet 1000s of people went to the streets. Gombrowicz wrote nice book "Ferdydurke", that touched this subject. Specificaly - who we are, what we think of ourselves, how we behave depends on simple labels, that others or we assign. People think you're architect - it comes with rules you can break, but probably won't, because of others (and your own) opinion, even if you want to. You can escape such labels (Gombrowicz call them "faces" society glues to you), but eventually you settle for another one. The whole book is about that, and I highly reccomend it. Now poor kids will buy fake virtual glasses to look cool running around. I'll start: function λ(code) { return eval( "function () {"+ " var $=arguments;" + " return " + code + ";" "}" ); } var sum = map([1,2,3,4], λ("$[0] + $[1]")); I'm not really serious, but I'd like eval-less version of this, very, very much. function(x,y) { return x*y; } is so verbose. > http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3252135 jonhendry, you're a prophet :) check out Good Old Games ( gog.com ). They have figured these additional costs out - they sell old games (ans some new games - mostly their own ) on-line like Steam, but without any DRM, and with nice installer and preconfigured dosbox when needed. So you can redownload the game any time, and because there's no DRM - you can make copies/use the game on many computers, etc. So the cost in four currencies is sth like 5-10 USD + 0.1 $T + 0.1 $P + 0 $I Even now, on Earth, we are using airplanes that were built decades ago. We are also building new aeroplanes designed decades ago (F-16), that have only electronic upgrades (avionics, radar, etc). Most armed forces around the world consist of vehicles designed in '80 or '90. And I think Death Star is more complicated than tank or plane. This API is as simple, as it gets, and it's working OK for me (saving/loading game state), and I think for many other purposes also. Why can't we have simple API AND second, async API with bells and whistles for people who need that? > Question: what happens if your gamestate gets over 5Mb? I hope it won't, because I only save stuff that changes. I can compress biggest data, if it becomes a problem, to get more space, but I don't think I'll have to. Anyway - it's not a problem of API, but of constraints of browser implementations. There's nothing preventing browsers from implementing configuration option that allows users to assign available space in localStorage to domains. Or language X > language Y in some domains, but language X is not practical in some other domains - see Lua/C[++] Also - even if it was python fault, and if python was a functional language, error described here would be a problem of dynamic typing, not of functional-ness of a language. Why do I care that he was your high school friend? I don't mean to be rude, just saying - people use such descriptions intuitively (because it makes the story flow better), and it's not always because they are prjudiced towards some group of people. In that case, you could just tell me he was your friend, not high-school friend. Or better yet - "Person I care about ...". If being too specific was bad. Anyway - I don't see what this has to do with prejudice or bigotry. People add details to stories, because that makes stories better (at least in the opinion of the people that tell these stories). I live in Poland, there are very few people other than white here (like, I've met black people maybe 10 times in my life), and when someone tells a story, nobody mentions race (because it's assumed to be white), but people tell "So this big bald guy says ...", or "And that gray old lady did ...". That's just how people tell stories. Is this prejudice, too? And if I met black person and something interesting happened, I'd tell in my story, that this person was black, because I'd certainly remember that as a distinguishing characteristic, exactly like being big bald guy, or being grey old lady. Or I could skip "gray", because "gray" is the default visualization for old ladies. My wife is sometimes angry for me, because I tend to use similiar algorithm for less important (for me) decisions. It was OK when I was single, now it turns out sometimes such decisions are very important for her, and even if not, it's tedious when every single unimportant decision is left for one person in the relationship. Like - which color should the wall be, which restaurant are we going to, etc. So it's not always good idea to defer such decisioins to others, because their "decision energy" is precious, too. Exactly. If I understand correctly, this battery is supposed to decrease temperature of the solution AND produce energy in the process, without increasing temperature anywhere else? If so - this works in isolated system, and decreases entropy over time.. There goes 2nd law of thermodynamics. Am I missing something? Yeah, if we could cool some place without heating another by more than the amount of heat we cooled this place - it would breake 2nd law of thermodynamics - we could then use difference of temperatures to extract energy and we'll be in the same place, but with more energy. We could then repeat such cycle as many times as we want == infinite free energy. But there was no gradient of temperatures before, and there is now - it's possible to use this gradient to produce energy. So this energy had to come from somewhere. It didn't come from electricity, because LED already has >100% efficiency (so there's more energy in the photons, than in electricity we put into the system). So it has to come from temperature differnce between the place we cooled, and the place we heat up by photons, I think. So this place had to be cooler than the LED before experiment, so gradient of temperatures was there from the start, and we are only decreasing it. I am interested in functional programming, because it's interesting. Nothing to do with managing complexity. And I have a few friends interested in exotic declarative languages becasue of "coolness factor", not because they need such languages in their job. I also have a few experiences with writing hobby projects in functional languages, which never went anywhere, and what I have finished, I did using the simplest tools I had on my hand (turbo pascal, python, java, javascript). So I think interest in functional languages isn't really good predictor of anything. If f g h x boils down to f(g(h(x))) and [1 2 3] boils down to [1, 2, 3] Then what is the meaning of [f 1] ? EDIT: I've tried on http://coffeescript.org/ and it seems a = [1 2 3] doesn't work? EDIT2: newlines instead of spaces works, my bad I don't know. I remember problems with different classloaders, old versions of classes being deserialized, different versions of classes being sent over RMI, etc. Some of these probably resulted in ClassCastException. Some had thrown more specific Exceptions, am I supposed to remember the exact Exception that was thrown in each case? I'll probably know if you show me stacktrace. But I only know because I've encountered such problems. People working on the other end of our system would recognize different set of problems that results in this Exception or similiar. Nano questions are bad, because you are really asking if candidate has had the exact same experience that you had. Some did, some didn't, it doesn't matter. Anybody will solve the problem within minutes, most probably googling the most promising lines of the stacktrace, and ctrl+clicking around in Eclipse (or grepping the source tree, whatever). Even auto-importing packages in IDE can cause problems - sometimes it imports from the wrong package. Is it enough reason to ask questions about "which package contains Hibernate Session class?" or even "which package contains ArrayList class?". I don't think so. Being aware of the problems good abstractions can cause (there's always a few problems) is IMHO enough, no need to remember everything you can google in 5 seconds. EDIT: or maybe you meant that you just check if people know casting can throw ClassCastException, with that I'm OK. I don't mind writing C++ or python or javascript in mcedit or kate (sorry, I just can't get used to vim nor emacs, I tried). But Java is special, try to code Java without an IDE. It's possible, but it's PITA. Typing org.something.somethingElse.somethingEvenMoreElse.ClassINeed and looking it up for every class you need will kill you. Even importing org.something * from every library won't help, you still need to know subpackages path to each class, and most libraries have quite huge depth and branching factor :). > Some flawed results from Google > When searching for the word “Air” in Google there are so many results that could have come up in the SERPs: Adobe Air software, Nike Air trainers, the French Band, Apple Air laptop, any Airline, a science page on the make-up of our atmosphere. > But no. In second place is the Wikipedia page, not for any of the above, but a disambiguation page for the term “Air”. What's wrong with this? Surely when somebody searches for "air" it's of more use to find encyclopedic information about many things air can refer to, than one or another company site? If user wants Adobe Air or Nike Air, she would include it in keywords. I've seen solar powered road photoradars, and road lights on some crossings between cities. Solar cells are on 2-3 meter pole, at +- 45 degree, and have sth like 0.5 square meter surface, and big box the size of car battery under the solar cell. I guess it's more cost effective than draw the wires a few kilometers from the city. EDIT: sth like that http://www.google.pl/imgres?q=%C5%9Bwiat%C5%82a+baterie+slon... Germany also shut down sth like 60% of their nuclear power plants in response to Fukushima hysteria, even thought in central Europe there are no tsunami, nor big earthquakes. Then, January/February this year cold snap happened, and they had to buy power from neighborns that still have regular obsolete power plants, because they couldn't provide enough energy for themselves. Green energy means you hope for good weather or neighborns to have enough electricity. Germany is now protesting Poland new nuclear power plant, when Poland is trying to change its dependence on fossil fuels (sth lik 96%, I don't remember exactly). This isn't smart. This is hysteria-motivated energy policy. It was analogy, not to be taken literaly. Ragenwald wanted to say that free services (webpages, applications, etc) provided by startups often ends up after a while, and people depending on them are left hanging. Thanks. I remember reading it the way I've posted aboove, but now I can't find that article, and I've found corrections all over the web: http://enenews.com/scandal-germany-not-restarting-nuclear-re... EDIT: one source http://rt.com/news/germany-reactors-cold-weather-927/ Maybe it would require a little less energy, if instead of generating our own neutrinos, we modulated the neutrinos that go throught the Earth from sun - no nuclear reactor required, "just" a huge fast moving lead block :) EDIT: also - what happens, when neutrino passes event horizon? Because maybe we could modulate neutrinos stream using very small black holes :) So we need neutrino-based GPS? I wonder if we could create black hole out of protons and neutrons only (to make it possible to move this black hole with electrostatic field), make it the precise size that it will evaporate at the same rate that it will absorb particles from sun - so it will be stable, put it with driving mechanism and precise clock on the orbit around the sun to occlude for example 10x10 meters on the Earth, and move it with the driver to create CRT-like pattern at changing frequency - one period at X Hz, one at 100X Hz, repeat. You can decode your position on earth based on time between the 2 holes in neutrino pulse. Should I file for a patent? In a few priviledged parts of the world. At least you don't need green cards. Poland is more or less USA troyan horse these days (see Afghanistan, Iraq, missile defence, etc), and still to go to USA you need to participate in lottery.. I think it's somehow playing out for Poland good - it makes brain drain a little slower. I don't know if this is exactly like aleph-null. > Because it is governed by the other axioms of real numbers, grossone behaves much like one too. So it's possible to multiply grossone, divide it, add to it and subtract from it, just as is possible with other real numbers How much is aleph-null minus aleph-null? How much elements have set that is difference of two sets with aleph-null size? Can be anything. If they solved this somehow, it's huge. But I can't imagine how they did it, and article had not explained it. One can argue that USSR had state religion of Marxism-Leninism, quite strictly enforced. It was complete with prophets like Stalin, saints and martyrs like that boy that denounced his parents (I forgot his name), or stachan-workers, mythology, holidays, rituals, etc. Not that I think religion is the source of all evil. It's just the source of power, and power correlates with evil. > Atheists are, by nature, less violent. Not because they are somehow enlightened, but because there is at least one major grievance removed from the equation. Atheists don't tend to burn down other buildings because they are different, or ravage an entire community because they aren't secular. Replace atheists with "people that think independly", and I could agree. As it is I cannot. One counterexample - most of the people in the Red Army were atheists. That did not changed the fact, that significant part of red army pillaged and raped what they could on their way to Berlin (including civilians and nations they were supposedly "freeing" of Germans). Not beliving in gods don't make you automaticaly less violent. Both nazi Germany and communist Russia were more or less atheists. They instead developed new rituals and mythology to serve the same purpose. Gods are not needed to make people kill people. Authority and group thinking suffices. This court is in my city, I even worked for a while with people that manage the system :) This is only for very repetative cases about debt collection enforcement - courts were overwhelmed by these before, and now this specialised court handles them. Lots of adventages. The most improtant is - one small institution serves big amount of traffic, freeing rest courts in Poland to judge regular cases. This makes long wating time for each case shorter, and this is very important in many cases. It's the difference between functional law system, that people treat as one of the options to solve problems, and dysfunctional one, where nobody bothers suing anybody, because it will take 5 years and cost fortune. I don't think we in Poland have good law system, because waiting time is still too long. But it's step in the right direction. Yes, but that's exactly the idea - to speed up the irrelevant obvious cases where sued person don't even try to defen himself - there's many such cases, and before they were solved in normal procedure, with tons of buerocracy, and that used up judges and other workers time, making more complicated cases longer as well. So in the debate microkernel vs monolithic the correct answer was - hybrid. In the debate CISC vs RISC the correct answer was both, in different niches (x86 and ARM), and both groups included many features of the other (I've heard ARM isn't really RISC nowadays). In the debate free vs commercial the answer is also both. Seems like "truth is always in the middle" is a good heuristic. http://www.dziennikwschodni.pl/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20... "Elektroniczna procedura przeznaczona jest dla tzw. spraw upominawczych, które wytaczają głównie dostawcy masowych usług, np. zakłady energetyczne czy operatorzy komórkowi. Chodzi w tych sprawach o należności dobrze udokumentowane, a dłużnikami są zwykle osoby fizyczne, które zazwyczaj nie kwestionują sądowego nakazu. Gdy nie ma odwołania, nabiera on skutku prawomocnego wyroku." It means e-court is for cases where there is good documentation, and persons that were judged can appeal, but if they don't (and they usually don't), these cases are processed automatically. "Tylko w 4 tys. spraw e-sąd nie wydał nakazów i np. oddalił pozew, umarzając postępowanie. Sprzeciwów złożono zaledwie 3229, a więc w nieco ponad 2 proc. spraw. W takich sytuacjach sprawy przekazywane są do zwykłych sądów." Only in 4 tousand cases e-court changed default decision, there were also 3229 appeals (2% of cases - this artcle is old a few months so this won't add to 2 000 000 cases). In such cases the matter is transferred to regular court. What's wrong with that? I don't know, I can only tell you what worked for me. It was "just doing it", without worying about style, guidelines, whether this will scale, is this the best practice, I just wanted to do something, I wrote the code that was the least resistance path to achieve it (I wrote 5x5 word guessing game in TurboBasic - I didn't knew how procedures worked, I did not knew that there was while loop, so i wrote one for nested into other for with the bigges numbers I could put there and worked, it was basically one big loop with if for each case, and a few variables. I should be ashamed of this code, but I was proud, because it worked. It was magic. I've shown it to my friends and parents, and everybody, and I felt so great. I've tried something harder next time. And I've found about arrays - so I don't have to name my variables X1, x2, x3, x4 and check them with ifs, so I used arrays, then I found out about procedures, etc, etc. Then I used that to write next simple logic game, and so it went. Whe you have something that works, it's easier to see why you need arrays, or functions, or loop without counter :) And it gives you motivation. Anyway - good luck. If there are cycles in neuron graph (and I'm pretty sure there are), then you cannot be sure that removing one neuron and triggering all the neurons it was connected to in correct way is the same - you'd need to also simulate reaction of that neuron you removed to possible feedback it takes after the first stimulation, maybe cycling in such loop many times. Python, because it lets me concentrate on what I want to do, and by default I think about algorithms in something that looks a lot like Python. Runner-ups: Clojure, because it's different and elegant. Javascript/java/c++ because sometimes it needs to work in browser/use some library/be fast. > It shouldn't accelerate against gravity. Why not? It has to go up somehow, and without acceleration greater than g, it would be hard? EDIT: you probably meant it should disable engine (use up fuel) in the middle of the flight and slow down from there up. Yes, it makes sense to wait with explosion for the highest point. Somehow I imagined fireworks are like rockets and should accelerate all the way to the explosion. "Question deleted" item would help for that, and would also be more transparent for users than silent deletion (at the cost of a few more pages to show all items, becouse some items are deleted). Not the same statement at all. You can do nothing, and then only statement "you are not doing the right things" would be true. You can also do both the right things and the wrong things, and then only the statemtnt "you are doing the wrong things" would be true. Sentences we are speaking of: 1: "we are not doing the right things" 2: "the things we are doing are wrong" You're right that literal logical interpretation of 2 would be true if we are doing nothing, my bad, I've read this like it had implicit "we are doing semething and " at the start, and I'm quite sure it was meant as such by Bruce, but let's ignore that, and speak logic instead :) We have: D - set of things we are doing R - set of things that are right W - set of things that are wrong statement 1 is "intersection of D and R is empty set" statement 2 is "D is subset of W" You can only change "the things we are doing are wrong" into "the things we are doing are not right" if we assume every thing is either right or wrong. I think there are some possible things that TSA could be doing, that are neither right nor wrong. When D is not subset of (sum of R and W), then 1 is not equivalent to 2. My original objection was based on intuitive understanding of those sentences, and you're right, it's false when you take them literally. My parents use my old PC with Athlon 2000 and 512 MB RAM, I've instaled last Kubuntu with KDE 3.5 a few years ago, and never needed to touch it since then :) The only problem so far is - once a year they need to use free windows-only application, that doesn't run in WINE, to calculate taxes. They just go to neighborns for a few hours. My sister also has Kubuntu on her laptop, but she knows how to update it, so I don't know which version she runs now :) If your relatives only use computer to browse web and write simple documents - linux requires less maintanance. At least that's my experience. In this case this isn't government-issued software. It's just some free(as in beer) software attached to law newspaper. They attach it each year with updated forms and formulas to calculate tax. I would buy worldwide copyright limit: 5 years and everything is public domain. The same for software patents. Also important - you can version control text files easily. One of the more brain damaging einvironments I've worked in (oracle forms) uses binary format for source code. There is some utility app to change binary files into source code, but the primary files deveopment is using are binary. It means there's no way to merge changes, no easy way to see what changed in which commit, simple text search in the whole project is hard - you have to open all files at once in IDE and search from there, and it's slow and awkward. If text files are mediocrity - let's us wait before something better comes, because binary formats are not better. There's no excuse for XML - sexps and json are just as general as XML, and much less verbose. I think Java strings are UCS-2, so that explains why Minecraft uses this? He could just interprete code on clients :) You have N players == N computers to simulate. Assign randomly 5 computers to each player to emulate. Choose the result that majority of clients return and optionally punish cheaters. EDIT: apparently simulation will go on even when players log out, so each connected client may need to simulate 100 in-game computers to account for that. Still less resource intensive than running everything on the server. But Notch thought about that much longer and surely have great reasons for his architecture. Someone should port http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contiki for this :) There needs to be some angle that matters for regular people. With Polish strikes it was crashing economy and big regulated prices increase - freedom and truth in TV was important, and there were always people in opposition, but bread was the impulse that made the most people go to the strike. Recent example - ACTA outrage. There were people alerting public for years about the danger (Piotr Vaglewski comes to mind). Public just ignored them. Then Megaupload was shut down, and suddenly ACTA was everybody business (even thought it wasn't ACTA fault:) ) Eh, can't edit, he's name is Piotr Waglowski of course, I always mix it with his nick. It's common sense - in most european countries you can allow others to earn money from your work, modify it and distribute etc, but you can't allow others to lie that they made something, not you, when the truth is that you made it. So it's not public domain, because some rights are forever yours, but you can very well allow anybody to use modify and distribute your creation. I can think of 2 aventages - you don't need to waste effort fighting bots anymore, and you can encourage some players that wouldn't want to play your game otherways. Is this worth it is another question. Bots break games that consist of doing the same thing over and over , are easily scriptable, and depends on false achievement to addict players (you've just wasted an hour clicking here and there repeatedly - have a cookie). So no big loss there. Actually - bots make such games interesting and demanding again. If we get strong AI thanks to that, I wouldn't worry about breaking some games. Bigger problem for humanity would be where to hide Sarrah Connor :) Wow. This reminds me of the trick they used in "Permutation City" by Greg Egan for infinite computation power. EDIT: shame there's no rule that allows to add copper cells from inside the automaton. It would make it possible to rewire the computer according to program. > What English is good at is expressing a huge variety of ideas. I once heard someone argue on NPR (sorry, no citation) that English is perhaps the /best/ language at expressing absolutely any idea to another person precisely because it has such a huge vocabulary and so many idiomatic phrases. And LISP is the best programming language there is, even if I don't know most of the other programming languages, because LISP has macros. I highly doubt it anybody is qualified to make such statements, because you'd need to speak fluently every language there is, just to be sure. Seems like somebody just wanted to feel better because his language is the best. Survivors bias, I think. We just don't see all those buildings/bridges that collapsed. And they put bridge designers beneath the bridge when legion crossed it for the first time. If we started to do equivalent for programmers, we would have much better code quality :) And in regard to programming language design we don't have calculus, either. We're just experimenting, and trying to repeat what works. Almost all. But it's just one message daily. It isn't cost-effective for spammers to abuse this, I think. Depends on how many times everybody register :) I've much improved my English because I've wanted to read Harry Turtledove sci-fi novels (about UFO invasion during WW2 :) ). Only few first novels (2 IIRC) were translated to Polish. I started reading next novels in English, at first it was hard, but I just ignored unknown words, and guessed what they mean from the context (often it became clear what some word had to mean a few paragraphs down, or from the context of the next use of this word). It was much faster that way and easier to remember typical use of words, than if I would check dictionary every time I see a new word. I understood "computer English" before just good enough to read documentation, tutorials, and play most games :), but I've had problems with complex sentences, idioms, etc. Now it's much better, and I'm reading a lot of English literature. Yeah. In Slavic languages it's similiar - it's all about post- and prefixes. Each verb has like 15 or more versions, which to use depends on tense, how many people are performing action, are there any males in that group, is the subject of the action human, was the action finished (or will it be finished), etc. It's all included into each verb. Example in Polish: "Policzyłyście długopisy?" means "Have you (more than one person, no males in the group) finished counting pens?" If you started counting, but then something interrupted you, and there were some males in the group (and you feel it needs to be pointed out), you can just answer with "Liczyliśmy", and the whole meaning is preserved :) I've had similiar problem, and I've found that's not a problem at all. I was reading sci-fi book with many unknown (to me) words. Most of the time I had not bothered to check dictionary, because you could guess from the context what the missing words mean. If not right away - maybe the next time you encounter the same word. Or because you see how characters in the book reacts to our hero phaser. It's actually quite addictive - it feels like you're not only reading a story, but also solving a riddle. When I wanted to check every word, it quickly became a chore, and I've lost motivation to read further. So I recommend this way of reading foreign literature - for me it was very effective. That method of learning foreign language was adviced by David Snopek. American that learned Polish that way in 1 year (and speaks fluently - this is very hard for non-native Polish speakers, most people have problems with producing correct sentences at all after one year). His post about this: http://www.linguatrek.com/blog/2010/12/harry-potter-the-book... You can guess surprisingly big part of a book basing just on the context and a few words you already know. That's how kids learn their native language. It's a good method, it worked for many people (including me:)) and I don't understand why are you arguing it isn't. Many of these are not verbs but adjectives etc. Still, I stand corrected - there are much more verb forms than I thought :) Is there any difference between these 2 situations? I have paper with sentence "Earth will be destroyed as of 2012.12.21 24:00 UTC". I am at Andromeda. The truth of the sentence changes from 0.000000001 % (or sth, bear with me) to 0% or 100% instantly, at the moment such time passes on Earth. But this doesn't transmit any information, and I still need to wait for regular light to come from Earth to check how exaclty the truth of this sentence changed. I'm at Andromeda, I have qubit entangled with qubit on Earth. Someone on Earth changes his qubit, and my qubit changed, but I have to wait for regular bits of information, to be able to read these changes from my qubit. Because you can't get really random number from deterministic hardware (and computers are deterministic, more or less :) ). No matter what you do, running the same algorithm on the same input gives you the same data on regular computer. And the randomness (measured in Kolmogorov complexity [1] of the resulting string) is by definition smaller than the length of the generator program. And truly random string is such string, that there's no possible program producing this string as output, that is shorter than the string. On deterministic computers you can only produce pseudorandom numbers, with varying quality of randomness, depending on generator program you use, but it's sometimes not enough (esp. in cryptography). [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kolmogorov_complexity I thought they won't get the money until they finish the product? I use Chromium, and have old flash installed. Every page shows me this bar asking me to update flash, with button to enable all flash on this page. It's very convenient, even more than FlashBlock on Firefox was. He skipped over the real problem - the middle man. GameStop is making it harder to sell new games, than game developers would like. Is the answer forbidding people to play used games? Because my answer is selling your game on the sites that allow people to buy a new game as easily, or easier than used one. Preferably add value and sell it with soundtrack, making-of, sth like this, and without DRM. Just like CD Projekt RED did with Witcher 2. Somehow they've sold over million copies of single player, then-PC-only game. They even got sued by their box publisher over disabling DRM in every version of Witcher 2, when DRM prevented people to play the damn game. This shows whose interest it is to prevent people from playing games they buy. "Dear user, change your browsing habits to save us a few hours of work" I meant a few hours should be plenty of time to write one paragraph about what your site does, and insert it into noscript tag on your main page. Everybody says that. We had 2 tier application - Rich client in Qt3 based framework and PL/SQL for "servre side". We moved to J2EE using EJB3, Hibernate, Eclipse RCP. Our application was meant to be 3-tier, but actually it's more like 10-tier. We have hibernate mappings, java model, xml files specyfing possible queries and reports, java EJB3 beans wrapping these xml files, java classes for DTO, xml files specyfing possible views and editors in RCP, and xml files specyfing how to map from query to view or editor. And java classes for custom code in views/editors. When I want to see what database column is shown in view, I need to start with view class, and descend all those layers down to hibernate mapping. In our previous qt framework we had one xml file per client view, specyfing columns/sorts/filters/etc just for this view. Our consultants understood these files and changed them when they needed to. Now they would need to understand all those layers. Now I think more than 2 layers in application is antipattern. When we get technology for cheap 3d printing viruses, everybody will be able to destroy humanity as a weekend project. That hadn't happened in human history, and I think it's inevitable we will get such technology in this century. And this is much scarier than swapping president for CEO. "Random number" is just a name with a definition, it isn't any more absurd, than asking for square root of -1. In one system of definitions it doesn't make sense (real numbers), in other it does (complex numbers). You can dismiss question as nonsensical (no, you cannot calculate square root of negative number, there is none), or you can accept new definition that allows you to say something more about a problem, and use it's results, where they are usefull. And Kolmogorov complexity is an usefull definition, maybe not as much as complex numbers, but still. PRNGs are not interchangeable, they produce different subsets of all possible strings (let's define result of PRNG+seed as all the bits of generated numbers concatenated, until PRNG starts to repeat). And any program returning something can be seen as a PRNG (at worst it won't accept seed, so it will only produce one string). Kipling noticed this - in his book Kim (Indian) is thinking in English to overcome hypnosis :) It's ok to want to be rich, but wanting something you won't get is unplesant, so people often rationalize they are there just for fun. Certainly for me it works that way - if it's hobby project, I can't fail at it. If it's business I do to be rich, and I'm not rich in 5 years, I've failed. Having fun seems to be easier to achieve than commercial success, and for some people (like me) it's easier to do sth, if it seems achievable. I'm not that into statistic, but I remember the problems with conflicting views on what "random" means, when I've been writing thesis about PRNGs. On one hand probability theory says number cannot be random, on the other hand we want to be able to compare randomness of strings from PRNGs to say which is better. Probability theory says PRNGs are not random, 00000000 is no more or less random than 10011010 and that's the end of discussion. But Kolmogorov complexity allows us to at least define, what it means for a string to be random. Probability theory only allows us to compute probability that given string was taken from random distribution, but we already know that PRNGs are not random, so it feels a little artifical to use probability theory there. That's why Kolmogorov complexity is useful, more so than 5/0 numbers :) Randomness for a string/number wasn't defined before, so there is no conflict, so I don't see why are you insisting that it's nonsensical to speak about random and not random numbers. 2 definitions for 2 different mathemathical objects. Polimorphism :) But I'm not mathemathician, and I probably forgot many of the things I should know to discuss with you, so I'm open for arguments. I don't know, companies seems to act more ratinal, than people or countries. Isn't it more rational to collaborate, when there is almost infinite potential profit and huge risk? But you could put blackboard into operation room, write there result of a few rolls of dices after the patient is unconcious, and clear the board before patient wakes up. Of course people will argue it's wasting time that is important to heal that person, but if we want to get results, we could invest into one additional person, that will perform this function. Or we could just put monitor there, showing (not pseudo) random numbers when pacient is for sure unconcious, to minimize costs, and risk of infection becouse of additional person. If NDEs and OBE are so common (a few percent people experienced it) after year we would have our proof, or we would know it's extremely unprobable. Not that I think right now it's true, but if we can check, why predict? I'm from Poland, I think we have similiar culture, at least we had when I was in primary school (in early 90'). You're right that there was nothing uncool with being good at math, or at computers - in fact people were jealeus about that(especially when you showed off that you "don't need to study"). But I experienced bullying nonethless, because I was shy kid with asthma, that couldn't play football or basketball. And other kids also experienced bullying, because of different reasons. But it stopped when I got to secondary school in bigger city. Just because all the bullies went to worse schools, because they couldn't pass the exam. Also - maybe it's rationalizing, but I think my primary school experience was good for me. At least I hope I won't forget what it feels like to be ostracized. EDIT: I think it's very easy for kids that pass their particular school test for coolness (and for their parents), to overlook that some other kids are bullied in their school. It just doesn't seem like a big deal that some people are "unpopular". When somebody is comfortable in a class, most bullying techniques won't work on him, and in effect seems harmless to him. Bullying isn't just beating up. Kids are very cruel sometimes, and they use psychical tricks for bullying, too. In my primary school one girl was always laughed off for stinking (I think she did not, really, but it's not the point). Kids made it into a play - they escaped from her, to not be "infected" with stinking. To parents - it's just some kids playing. But for that girl it wasn't easy probably. I'm ashamed to this day that I've participated in this, because I've tried to make them stop bullying me. Well, it was a good lesson at least. No, because cryptography just wants to ensure that given all past bits of generator output you can't predict future bit with probability different than 0.5. And besides, overwhelming majority of strings are random, once you got to strings long enough. Probabilty that random generator will make not Kolmogorov random string is 0. I've made arcade side scroller with potentialy infinite world. Everything (terrain, objects, backgrounds) was created on the fly, basing on the coordinates of the player. It wasn't really infinite, but only because coordinates would wrap at 32 bit, if you fly far enough into one direction (but I've never had the patience to test this). It's linux only, and not very playable, but if you want to test it - it's here http://alan.umcs.lublin.pl/~ajuc/programy/gry/hw3/ It requires libraries SDL, SDL_image, SDL_ttf, SDL_mixer, paragui (version >= 1.1.8). Works with software rendering so no acceleration needed. I've been quite satisifed with terrain generation - I've calculated noise value (a few octaves of 2d Perlin noise) for every tile on screen, tiles with noise values over bias were solid, others were empty. I hadn't checked if there's always way out, but after tuning amplitudes and frequencies of noise generator I've never had problems with that in game. Then I've had look up table that returned tile depending on which neighborns are solid and which are not. To cut the number of tiles I needed to draw I've used hex-like layout - every second row of rectangular tiles were shifted half an tile to the right. Thanks to that every tile had only 6 neighbourns, instead of 8. So I've needed 128 instead of 512 tiles. And it made levels look more "organic", than with regular 2d grid. Also - I've had more promising idea to generate game worlds, which I've never got to work, but maybe it's time to try again.. The idea is - to use markov chain generation to generate level on the fly. First game designer will build small level from tiles by hand, then level editor app will analyse level for conditional probabilities that the next tile is Y given previous tiles in each direction are X0, X1, ..., Xn. Then in game levels would be generated on the fly, using these probabilities. Unfortunately to ensure consistence of level, we must have some "frame", that is generated in some different way, and we must generate whole inside of frames at once, when player is near. For example tiles on coordinates where (x%64 == 0 or y%64 == 0) are generated from Perlin noise, and inside is generated by doing markow chain "associated press algorithm", but on tiles instead of letters. Order of generation inside the frame needs to be specified, for example bottom-up, left-to-right. The problems I've encountered were associated with big amount of memory needed to keep info about all conditional probabilities, and general complexity of this approach, but I need to try it again some day. Unfortunately trying new ideas when it comes to government, sometimes produces milions of victims. But I agree - we should experiment more. One idea - we should be A/B testing any new law, before introducing it in the whole country. When I was at university (early '00) the default opinion was that OO is the way to go, and everything other is obsolete or esoteric. I thought that way then, too. I remember complaining with my friends to teacher that he teaches us algorithms and data structures in procedural Turbo Pascal, when everybody knows it's obsolete, and we should be doing everything in C++ or Java. Yeah, I was clueless, and that particular prof. was right. But most teachers were OO fundamentalists, and it was assumed everything should be OO. One stupid exercise - design system to keep data about students and teachers on university, using OO. And the answer was obviously - Student and Teacher class extending Person class. No matter that sometimes people are studying on 2 facoulties, sometimes Student is also a Teacher, or becomes Teacher after he graduates. And when we could use relational DB, it was always with ORM, because objects are needed in any modern system. OO is great for systems, where you have real objects, and only care about their current state. In effect - for simulations, games, such stuff. In most systems - changes over time, archival data, and relations between objects are important. And with OO it's ugly to keep them. You end up implementing relational db backed by object collections. And your nice objects instead of representing nouns (Employee, etc.), start representing relations (Employement, etc.). So people use relational db with ORMs and load everything from database into objects only to show window/edit data, call one or 2 methods on these objects, and save data back into database. All this ceremony to write employee.giveRaise(raise) instead of giveRaise(employee, raise). > "No matter that sometimes people are studying on 2 facoulties" Why doesn't this work? Just use a collection, several students inside a collection object... Student Facoulty is many to many relation. I can make Faculties keeping arrays of pointers to Students, and Students keeping arrays of pointers to facoulties, and update both arrays accordingly when something changes. Then I want to save the information, that Student X finished Facoulty Y, but still studies at Facoulty Z. So pointers from student to facoulties won't suffice. I need to have a place to keep this data. So I introduce Relation object, like I should have from the start. And I end the Student/Teacher maddness, and make Person Facoulty. Much better. Then I want to be able to filter students according to different conditions. And I end up writing nested loops for every possible condition and join I need. I refactor. I generalize. After a few months or years I've implemented nonstandard relational database. > Because you manually want to populate objects with tons of boilerplate? Because I don't want to have objects at all, when relational db is the right tool. Maybe I wasn't clear. I do know how I'm supposed to use ORM. I work with hibernate and EJB3 for a few years already, and no, our system doesn't work the way I've described above :) I described how I've been taught OO. First without using databases, and with wrong abstractions (nouns instead of relations, when the system was all about relations). I think it's the default experience, because I've seen many such examples of bad OO design. Then we've been taught databases, but using ORMs, like it was the only possible way, because objects are required for the system to be modern. And I don't like that too, because IMHO (OO + ORM + relational DB) doesn't add any value over (procedural programming with relational DB), but adds complexity, and is less transparent. Hm, I've never used key-value/graph datastore, and it seems I need to. Is there something like selects with joins for graph nodes? How do you represent changes in objects over time? (defn at_least_2 [a b c] (>= (count (filter true? [a b c])) 2)) And here I thought Google is one of the most important services ever provided in human history. Yeah, that's not how they earn money, but they do provide value for people. It would help to persuade me to register, if there was some info about what this application does :) EDIT: Ok, it's there, I haven't been paying attention. They should patent 0 and positional number systems. Could be a way to persuade USA to stop the patent madness. Does it have to be Java? I think it's best to start with something that doesn't requiretoo much boilerplate, allows kids to create something cool with a few lines, and has quick feedback. Like turtle graphic in logo or python. I've heard processing for java allows for writing simple programs without boilerplate, and has nice einvironment. But I didn't used it, so I don't know if it's good for kids. I, for one, much prefer python generator/list expressions or map/reduce/filter combo of functional languages over regular for loop. At least most of the time. That's because writing for loop (however trivial most of them are) forces me to switch thinking mode from conceptual to implementation. Writing filter(isValid, items) or sum(price(items)) I stay on the higher level. And context switches are bad for my productivity. Besides with for loops you need to come up with an useless name for a variable (hence i convention), and you can easily make off-by-one error (hence standard form (int i=0; i And last reason - there is a big difference in perceived effort to do sth between writing in-place function invocation (like join(filter(isNotValid, items))), and backing of, declaring temporary variables, writing small for loop, and returning back to the point where you needed your new for loop result. Sometimes the difference is just big enough, that you don't go the extra mile to show your error better, or log more useful debug information, etc. And vertical space is very important in programs. I like my functions to fit into one screen. For loops use 3 or more times as much vertical space as functional equivalents. I feel you. I'm doing 2d game in html5 (I have 2 rendering engines - pure canvas, and webgl). Webgl works great, but works on small percentage of browsers, canvas version runs with ~ 45 FPS in 1280x960 on my 2 core celeron 2Ghz. And the main problem is just fill rate - I have background, and scrolling terrain, so I need to clear whole window every frame, and less than 50 (64x64 pixel) sprites at one time on screen. That's already too much for canvas to redraw at 60 FPS. I have 3 canvas elements, bottom with static backgroud, middle with scrolling terrain, and upper with sprites. I clear the whole middle canvas each frame, and only redraw parts of the other canvas elements. But I don't use hidden canvases, just .drawImage each visible tile of terrain into the middle canvas each frame. I'll try to draw to hidden canvas, and see the difference, thanks for suggestion. I've just tested. The fastest I get (37% time in drawing according to chrome profile, and ~45 fps) is when I draw everything moving to one, visible canvas, that I clear at the start of each frame, and everything static (background) is on another canvas, that isn't changed when it's not needed. When I draw everything moving to off screen canvas, and then drawImage this off screen canvas into visible canvas, I get 48% of time in draw function, and ~35 fps. It is indeed faster to draw everything to off screen canvas, than to on screen one (when I commented out copying off screen canvas to on screen canvas, and left only drawing sprites and tiles to off screen canvas - I got steady 60 fps, but obviously nothing is visible then :)). And copying whole canvas to the visible one is still slower, than drawing the sprites and tiles on the visible canvas in the first place. But thanks for ideas. I'll need not 2, but 4 canvas elements, each at least [width/2+1, height/2+1]. I'll try this, and let you know. Thanks for ideas, even if it seems a little strange. Eh, wrong again. 9 canvases of size [width/2+1, height/2+1], or 4 of size [width, height]. I have 4096x4096 tiles 64x64 pixels each. I can't draw that to off screen canvas at once. I only draw tiles that are visible, and terain is mostly empty (some platform in the air), than I don't draw anything obviously. My fastest code: for (var y=y1; y>=y0; --y) { var resultY = (0.5+ (level.topLeft.y - camera.position.y + camera.screen.height / 2 + level.cellHeight + y * level.cellHeight-level.cellHeight) )|0; // fast clip to int for (var x=x1; x>=x0; --x) { var tileImageNo = level.layers[z].cells.valueAt([x, y])-1; if (tileImageNo==null || tileImageNo I've also tried drawing to OffScreenCanvas in the loop, and then drawing that canvas to screen, but it was slower. I could try drawing to off screen canvas only when player moves out off current off screen canvas, but that will trade small delay each turn into big delay every N turns, and that's even worse. But I'll try that. EDIT: cuting out not important code. In Poland too. A few years ago police man had to shout "Stop or I'll shoot.", then shoot 3 times in the air, then policeman could shoot in the legs, and only then shoot to kill. People made fun of this, because when criminal has a gun, he won't be shooting in the air 3 times, nor targeting policeman legs, so law was changed to be less strict about cops shooting. But we still have strict regulations about "allowed defence". For example courts judged a few times, that man that shot burglar with legal gun he had in his house was guilty of "overstepping allowed defence", because burglar only had knife. It's ridiculus IMHO. Still - I've never heard or seen a real gun or knife fight in my life, and neither had anybody I know (or at least they had not told me about that). I think it's general tendency, that gun crimes and homicides in general are much less frequent in Europe. Still - what are the odds that bullet fired in the air (let's say at 60 degree) will actually hit someone? Most people during the day are under the roof, and with average population in New York being 10 000 persons/km2, sth like 99% of that under the roof at any time, so the figure goes down to 100 people per km2, assuming people are 0.5 m2 target for the bullet it's 50 m2 / 1000000 m2 , or 1 chance in 20 000. And I probably still overestimated that. Certainly odds that bullet aimed at someone will hit are much higher (yeah, I know, it's most probably criminal you are shooting at, and falling bullet will most probably hit bystander). EDIT: and warning shot can be shoot to the ground near the criminal, or into a wall. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intentiona... All data in homicides per 10000 inhbitants in 2010 USA - 5.0 North America - 4.7 Western and Central Europe - 1.2 East Europe - 7 (mostly thanks to Russia with 15.0) Overall Europe - 3.5 World - 6.9 Agreed. I got it too, the same code for 5 languages I've never heard about, one after another. I felt ignorant, until it told me it's also valid racket :). int main(){ for(int i = 99; i > 0; i--){ write(i + " bottles of beer on the wall, " + i + " bottles of beer.\n"); write("Take one down and pass it around, " + (i-1) + " bottles of beer on the wall.\n\n"); } write("No more bottles of beer on the wall, no more bottles of beer.\n"); write("Go to the store and buy some more, 99 bottles of beer on the wall.\n"); } Well, if you #define write(x) {}; it's even valid C :) That was surprising: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chef_(programming_language) I think this part about branching universes only applies to common law system (i.e. anglosaxon) ? In law systems derived from roman law (like in my country) law doesn't depend on judges decisions. But IANAL. It's possible you use state machines and don't know it :) Have you ever used loop with if inside, that dispatches based on value of some variable? That's state machine implementation in structured language. I've encountered such code many times in our codebase. Or maybe you used some business process engine (like jbpm) - that's also state machine. I've even made jbpm-like engine in javascript for my html5 game - I use it to write quests in my game, and I plan to refactor dialog trees to also use it. It's graph with nodes and transitions, nodes specify actions game should do, transitions specify conditions player has to do to move to next node. Here's code if anybody's interested: https://github.com/ajuc/pefjs And here's graphical editor for graphs: https://github.com/ajuc/jsDotForPefjs People who make and apply laws regarding software should understand how software works and is made. They could talk to experts instead, but to choose right experts they also need to understand how software works. So maybe New York Mayor don't need to code, but IP lawyers that works on software cases, and politicians voting on software related law - yeah, I think they should. I don't think much would change. You can very well use biases to rationalize whatever you want. It's the intention and attitude that matters the most, not how many biases you can recite. I'm still for teaching common biases in secondary school. Won't hurt, and may sometimes help. But I don't think knowing biases changes people. At least that wasn't my experience. Byzantine imperium brought greek script to Europe, so if not for latin, we would probably write in cyrylica - still good for printing. So, can I patent route that ship takes through the ocean? Or air corridor? So if there were people in this satellite steering it, the patent wouldn't apply? And if the satelite was remote controlled from Earth by a living pilot - would the patent apply then? Yeah, but assume I've patented the system for calculating etc, etc the route, and the patent had not expired yet. If somebody else used the same equations I've used, but made the calculation on his abakus, and steered his ship by himself, he wouldn't infringe my patent, I think. This of course also punish innocent users on the same set of dynamic IPs that the troll uses. I think the worse part of clippy was that it wasn't predictable. I want my tools to be predictable, I want to have complete mental model of what will happen when I do sth. And it should be as small model, as possible. Clippy appeared at random intervals interrupting me, and almost never were useful. And even if it was - I can only guess what caused it to appear, so I still won't know how to make it do the same thing again. So I couldn't integrate it into my mental model of application. So it was just very infuriating interruption. The same problem is with autocorrect. I hate this thing. For the record - Polish PM backed off after few weeks of mass protests in Poland, and said he was wrong, and Poland won't ratificate ACTA. I still don't like him for his other decisions, and the lies he told about ACTA before he changed his mind, but at least he can say he was wrong. Why do you thik there's no antivirus? There are antiviruses that run on unices, like ClamAV for example - it's open source, they can include it for free - maybe they did. Let's hope it's addictive. Such mechanism would make it very easy for Iranians to defeat the purpose of this program. In Java you have dependency injection, which is fancy name for calling constructors/methods with reflection, depending on some XML file or annotations. Which makes Java more dynamic at the cost of making it as hard to refactor automatically, as any dynamical language. The part of code that doesn't use reflection is the part of code, that would be easy to refactor, even if it was written in javascript. I especially like the fact, that "importing" module in node returns imported module, instead of putting it into namespace like it does in Java. It's much better design. var myModule = require('./module'); instead of import com.company.module.Sth; My theory: If they get very small prize for socially accepted behaviour, they cannot think they did sth socially accepted for that prize - that would mean they are cheap to buy. So they think they did it because they are the kind of guys, that do such things sometimes. If I'm doing small acts of kindnes just because, it's hard to make this consistent with "fuck the others" attitude, stealing, etc. Easier to think I'm good guy overall, just made some mistakes before. Cognitive dissonance is a powerfull force. But IANAP. > Ultimately he's just doing the job he was hired to do. Being paid for doing evil is not an excuse. I think this article is written in a context of programmer doing side project, working alone. In such projects it's often the case, that programmer is more concerned with architecture, code style and cool techniques, than the end result - usability and features of the application. And when code invevitably becomes more messy, despite refactoring, programmer lose interest and leave the project unfinished forever. At least that's how many of my projects ended. In such context "make it work first" is a great advice. Depends on the app you are writing. For example - in my daily work I've used math more complicated than computing average/sum of numbers only a few times in 5 years. Once it was geometry on a plane when writing code for pathfinding in a warehouse (great fun :) ), other times it was mostly to calculate amounts of goods based on something (mostly converting units, calculating volumes, etc - basic stuff). My hobby is wrtiing games, mostly 2d, but I've tried doing 3d too, and there you use math much more often. Mostly 2d/3d geometry, integration for game physic (for most purposes naive Euler integration suffices, and it's really simple, you can invent it without knowing about physics, nor what integral is, but still - it's math). Also requires math - collision checking, ai, space indexing, pathfinding. When optimizing something, basic statistic is handy, but not required. And sometimes it's nice to be able to come up with Fermi-style estimate of something - like how much cpu time/memory you will need if you make this initial decision or that. > push fractions and long division (which, true, most elementary school teachers do not really understand) Wow.. Really? Then how are they going to teach anything to the students except doing + - *? How about trigonometry, or even Tales Theorem? Hell, how about percentages? That's too hard and not usefull, too? Is this generally accepted? For me it seems like the fact that parents would riot over? A few years ago there was a long article about math education in USA by Russian math professor that immigrated. He blamed lack of "word problems" solved by intuition and guessing and substituting values at first, only then using algebra. I can't find it now, but it showed exactly the same problems - math was just pattern mathing problem for most students - no real understanding. I've heard in Russian "krasne" or sth like that means both "red" and "pretty". Does that makes you like red color more ;) ? Would be nice to mention the whole effort, not only Turing. Like the fact that Poles were reading Enigma encrypted messages before the WW2, and send all information they aquired to France and Great Brittain. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptanalysis_of_the_Enigma#Pol... I mean - Turing was brilliant, but why everybody only tell the story from the middle ? Well, reading the Old Testament sometimes feels like reading "health and safety manual". Like the rules about what's considered clean and not, how to quarantine people that were sick, but now seem to be healthy, etc. Fortunately most of the world don't care about software patents :) Because Iran would lose a war. One way to solve the problem - make a new "culture tax", let people vote how to distribute the tax between artists, legalize piracy. JavaScript is also not "backward" compatible with Java, and their names are similiar. Computers don't make decisions yet, and if they did, we should give them the same rights we have, including free speech. If text written by computer programmed by human isn't a product of human, it surely can't be protected by copyright? Show me 2 examples of small, non-patent-troll company taking on bigger company with software patents. Seriously, I've never heard of any. I suppose small companies don't even try patenting their "software inventions", they are busy making the product. I think between themselves doctors and carpenters do talk about their jobs? Besides for many people programming is their hobby. And hobbysts generally talk about their hobbies a lot. I wonder, if you wrote a program, that generates all valid javascript programs, given enough time, do you automatically have copyright on all these programs? Or do you need to actually run the program and save the results somewhere? If we only checked that produced program has valid syntax, instead of running it, we won't have problems with loops. Many gibberish programs would be produced, but some usefull also, eventually. We just wouldn't know which ones are the useful ones, but it shouldn't matter for copyright? So it seems documenting is the real work, and programming is something that can be automated :) " A direct current travels in one direction whereas an alternating current can travel in many directions at the same time." Author that wrote the above wants to explain what's wrong with our energy production. I want to see fractal made from the numbers that are valid. I'll try to do this, but I don't know how to best cast 1d numbers onto 2d plane. Only way I can think of, that doesn't depend on arbitrary constraints like how many pixels in a row, is to make spiral starting from the middle of the screen. Anybody has better idea? Somehow people protested all over Europe againist ACTA, and governments backed off, and nobody got killed by predator drones or otherwise. Governments and publishers want to censor internet, but we're not yet at the point of no return, we can still fight them with demonstrations and petitions and watching their hands. And that's what we should be doing. China could do the trick that USA used to defeat USSR. Namely - start a new space/technology/military race, and use its bigger industrial base to ensure USA defaults. But USA would probably just accept it lost the race, and not bankrupt. I wonder if we could make some big demonstration in Poland just before the EURO 2012 semi-final matches. Or smuggle big banners to the stadium. But they are just going to ignore it, right. No accounatability whatsoever. Which are these fascist parties in Europe? Seriously, I live in Europe and never seen any. In most EU countries propagating nazi ideology is criminal offense. I don't understand, why having Commision that isn't elected makes EU members more suvereign? What would change for worse, if Commision was elected like Parliament? > Anything described as ultra-rightwing are fascist in sheep's clothing. I wouldn't agree. For example ultra-right libertarian party doesn't seem like fascist to me. They are all about personal freedom, and nazism/fascism is all about uniting society with one goal againist common enemy. He said he'll ignore what citizens of EU, and their elected representatives want, because according to law he technically can. I have no problem with abusing the law to get rid of him ASAP. In Poland it's illegal to propagate totalitarian ideology, applies to both nazism and communism (fascism too, probably, nobody tested this). Before EURO 2012 championships everybody interpreted it like nazism and communism symbols are forbidden, but Russian supporters wanted to marsh before their match with communism symbols, and some Polish minister said symbols are OK, only propagating is illegal (probably to appease Russian politicians). And nobody was persecuted for walking with red star/other communism symbols during that march, AFAIK. So now it's open question what's actually allowed. Funny thing, that some asshole Polish nationalists/hools beaten up a few Russian supporters during that march and their excuse was that Russians had illegal totalitarian symbols, and they were just defending law (police and judges don't support their excuse, I imagine :) ). Isn't it basically Argumentum ad personam? If a known liar and drug addict tells you that he have this theory, and proceed to make rational arguments for it, ignoring him just because of his reputation isn't very scientific. Desktop DNA printers are scary. We have such field in JIRA too. At first it wasn't required, so nobody filled it. So it was made required by upper management. People filled it mostly with our boss (we agreed with him, that when it's hard to say whose bug it's - we assign it to him), or old workers, that work here no longer, that first made commits to the feature where bug is. Or people solving the bug assigned it to themselves. Only sometimes somebody assigned a bug to another programmer who still works here. Now the field is optional again. Is she elected? Write her an email with your opinion. Since ACTA affair I've started to write emails to politicians every time I don't like sth, telling them why I don't like it, and that I'll persuade my friends not to vote them because of the things they did that I don't like. I don't know if it works, but I feel much better after sending such email :) I even got a few responses (mostly stupid, but still). > In the extreme case, it would reduce the number of digital sales from #(people who want to play the game) to #(people who want to play the game simultaneously). I doubt it. People who don't care about ethics already pirate game. People who care won't cheat, they'll just sell games after they had finished them. There are already game publishers, that sell games over internet (digital copies) without DRM (gog.com for example). They are doing OK. Also - in my country selling used software (including games) was always considered fair use, regardless of EULAs. Just like with books. There's one difference between pirating games, and buying used games. Pirated games make perceived value of a game smaller - because you have alternate source to get it for free, AND you get DRM in your game, making it less convenient to use than pirated version. Possibility to easily sell used game may make perceived value smaller (there's cheaper legal way to get a copy). But it also may make the perceived value bigger - if I can sell game after finishing it - I can get back some of the costs, so I can justify buying more expansive game in the first place. I know kid that routinely buy legal games, play them, and sell them at Polish equivalent of e-bay. If it wasn't possible, he would buy much less games, cause parents only give him so much money for games. I don't know which way the perceived value will go, I'd guess it's self balancing - the easier and more popular selling used games is, the more perceived value of games will rise, making it possible to rise the prices, but also making used games more popular. Anyway IMHO the entire information market (games, apps, music, movies, ebooks, etc) is going to be mostly honour-based in the future, at least for things that can't be made into services. The only thing that makes people pay you for your content is their feeling that they owe you something. Make them angry at you, and that feeling disappears. One great way to make your clients angry at you is to use law to enforce "unjust" conditions on them. And I don't see why selling used licences is ethicaly different from selling used books, so it may be hard for publishers to persuade people it's actually Evil. I use state machine of sort (jbpm) in the backed to drive business processes. We have thin client connecting to database, nodes in state machine are actions on databes, or screens we show to user (with inputs possibly). Edges are transitions between screens. Edges can have conditions on them. It's all saved in database between requests, and request/response moves state throught transitions to the next interaction node (possible going throught a few action nodes doing sth on the databsae). Any exception on the way rollbacks the whole state, and we commit only when we reach next interaction node. It works great. Even drawing these 1000 tiles would take more than a weekend. If there's no limit, you can do trivial DDOS to block ANY decision of EU by corrupting one unelected person, that can only be fired by firing the whole European Commision. That's begging for decision paralysis. The same problem liberum veto had ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberum_veto ). I think it's safe to assume when we voted againist sth once, we can ignore it for next 5 or 10 years. Well, there's 28 Poles in EPP, and none of them voted pro-ACTA :) I guess they were scared by the protests in january-february this year. In games and other interactive applications you redraw screen every frame (sth like 60 times a second) anyway. And drawing a few more sprites when you're drawing sth anyway is almost free, when you have acceleration. And doing simple animations is much simpler (you just change the proprty you want to with required step per frame, it is refreshed anyway, so no need to mark dirty rectangles, calling .refresh(), etc). Also - perceived latency is low, because from the time you click something to the time screend redraws, there is at most 1/FPS seconds. Most probably less than 20 milliseconds. Agreed, execution matters. But it's hard to miss the pattern - we have yet to see well run communist (not socialist) state. Every country that tried communism failed, and either are poor backwater countries (Kuba, North Korea), reverted to capitalism (Central and Eastern Europe), or kept communism on banners only, changing most of economy to capitalism under the hood (China). We even have a few case studies, where one country is divided into 2 parts, and one half is made communist. Both in East/West Germany, and North/South Korea the differences are quite obvious. Maybe it has sth to do with the system itself, after all? Or maybe low level stats are falsified in each prison/police station to show better "effectiveness" of cops. Only when it's aggregated it's stuppidly big number. The same happened with recent elections to Duma (over 100% people voted in many regions of Russia). > It could, but the correlation doesn't automatically imply causation. Perhaps the pattern arises because societies with pre-existing tendencies to authoritarianism and corruption are more likely to give rise to communist regimes. Communism was introduced by force in many countries, in few cases it was introduced to half a country, and the half that stayed capitalist, benefited. You'd need to assume countries with high probability of dictatorship and corruption are more probable to be forced to become communist states by others, and that the difference between West and East Germany, North and South Korea regarding authoritarianism and corruption tendencies are bigger, than the same differences between for example East Germany and Russia, or West Germany and Spain. I think from the data we have it's more probable, that communism just don't work. > The gp post demonstrates how so-called capitalist countries can enact strongly "socialist" or "communist" behaviors and polices, and vice versa--they just do so with different rationalizations and rhetoric. Communism is "from everybody according to their needs, to everybody according to their needs". So salary and employement doesn't depend on productivity, free market doesn't dictate prices and volumes of produced goods and services. Public road system, army, health care system and free education are implementation details, compared to centrally planned economy. I think you should stand up, whenever someone do sth horrible, no matter what this person believes. If I see man beating up another, I should help the victim, no matter if the attacker is christian, muslim or atheist. And I don't think just because you share some beliefs with him, you bear more responsibility for his deeds. I don't understand, why should all atheists be responsible, if one of them does sth wrong. I also don't think that moral responsibility of all (people beliving in X) is to search news every day to know where other (people believing in X) did sth horrible, to be able to stand up againist that. If you don't do this with respect to your own beliefs, I think you shouldn't judge others for not doing it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persecution_of_Christians_in_th... It's not bug, it's a feature. Replying is only possible a few minutes after the comment was posted, to prevent discussion going out of hand. Besides I don't understand what wikipedia did wrong. Where I live most bigger employers already give people some additional money for vacations (but nothing like 7500$, more like 200$-300$, so the OP idea is still good :) ). C64 manual in German (I only knew Polish then). I typed some of the programs into the computer, and played with changing the values. I remember to this day that graphic programs using sprites didn't worked for me (must have been some print error in manual, I've tried like 100 times to run that program - it was supposed to draw baloon, but it just did nothing). Then I got huge red book "Mikrokomputery" by Herwig Feichtinger from my father. It had schematics and opcodes for Z80 and 6502, listings of commands with short explanation for a dozen variants of basic, pascal, forth and c, commands for CP\M and DOS, and some nice algorithms (drawing circle pixel by pixel, questions and answers program in basic using "learning" decision tree, some utilities to format a disk, etc). And it was in Polish (translated from German I think), so this was the first programming book I could understand. Strange, I sometimes browse hn with links (lynx-like console browser), and voting works ok . My uncle works at helicopter factory nearby as technician, part of his job is to maintain old database that keep temperature readings from meters inside some oven for making plastic parts (hull, etc). The system works on old PC with MS-DOS, and database is in clipper. I think the system works for at least 15 years already. Or just assign notability number to each article, and allow users to filter by it (perhaps even by default only show articles with notability greater than some bias). This is also argument againist deletionism :) The usual answer, as always, is to add another layer of abstraction. Enterprise Java: @Resource("ejb/PropertySale") PropertySaleManager psm; psm.sell(property, buyer, seller, agent, contract); This style of code is so popular in the code I've seen, that I almost think EJB3 is just conspiracy to allow procedural programming in Java, and to keep people thinking they still do OO to satisfy their egos. Ad 4 I don't see how you can do OO without state. You only need localStorage for saving game or preferences. Static assets (like models, textures, most of the level) should be, well, static, and can be as huge, as you like them. Also you can write html5 game as one-page website without server part, and downloading it to play it offline is as simple as file->save complete web page as.. in your browser. You can provide installer for your players that just unpacks the game to directory and places shortcut in start menu (no dll-s, no register settings), you can pack your game into chrome app format for some users and place your game in chrome app store. One thing I think chrome gets wrong is its security policy that by default prevents local web apps (when you open html file on your disk in browser directly) from doing ajax requests on the same directory. That means you need to wrap static assets in html, and that's stupid, I should be able to load xml from the directory my index.html is stored in. But whatever, there's workaround. I think most games don't really need super detailed 3d graphic, and simplicity of distribution (nothing to install, just click link and play) is the killer feature of html5 for simple casual games. ARM is cool, but you cannot give a kid ARM based computer, and expect it to program anything without setting up programming einvironment first. Do you expect this kid to cross compile on PC? Or maybe it should set up gcc on this device? Maybe raspbery pi will change that, but for now the kid won't even know how to compile anything. The best bet is probably python, which isn't much better in "closeness to metal" than javascript. I had C64. I "programmed" in BASIC. Which means I typed in programs from manual (which was in German, and I couldn't understand it), and changed stuff to see what will be the effect. I've never went into 6502 assembler (I had no books for it), but I learned that I want to be a programmer, and that was what was important. When I got PC I tried QBasic, Turbo Pascal, Assembler, C, Delphi, and everything else. Distance from metal was never issue for me. The issue was the idea I had, and the end product I wanted to achieve. Hell, I've written small logic game with Turbo Basic, that was one huge for loop (with counter that went to 99999999 or sth like that, because I didn't knew of loops without countter) with 5 screens of nested if then elses inside. It was about guessing words letter by letter, and I didn't knew about arrays, so I had 5 variables A1$, a2$, a3$, a4$ and a5$ for letters. It was horrible, but I didn't knew it. And it worked. I've shown it in school, and to my parents, and I was a wizard. The methodology, and style conventions came later. I think of 8bit computers as gateway drugs that invited people to become programmers. Currently the closest things we have is javascript+canvas, or some scripting languages in game modding scene. Nobody[1] really writes assembler today proffesionaly anyway. It is too hairy now, and we have better compilers. Don't push it on kids. [1] by nobody I mean almost nobody, and yes, arm assembler is better, but still show me a big application written in it The trick of thinking about the worst possible scenario worked for me, when I had problems with social anxiety in high school. Or exactly what you expected, and at least you can say "told you so" :) But I've meant that the worst I could imagine when I had tried was't really that bad to be so scared of it. So I realized I'm scared without sufficient reasons, and that I have much more to win, than to lose, so I just went for it. YMMV. Well, it changes productivity.. Imagination isn't any more human specific, than inteligence, or walking upright. That we can't do machines that are imaginative now, doesn't meant it's impossible to do. Besides - what if imagination is just heuristic to search solution space quicker? Maybe machine with orders of magnitude more processing power can give better solutions without using this heuristic? That would mean it's us who thinks inside the box (because we use this heuristic), and computers can search solution space exhautively, so they will come up with solutions that escape our heuristic - we wouldn't even consider such solutions. I'm reading hackernews on links right now. It works. This new version doesn't. I remember to this day the lesson in primary school, when we first started solving word problems. It was sth like 3rd class. Teacher would ask simple question, like "how many apples we had to add to each chest, if there is 4 chests with 7 apples in each, and we need to have total of 32 apples". And kids had to "brainstorm" and translate that into mathemathic process and solve (not algebra, just "first we need to know how many apples we lack, so we substract, then we need to know how many apples per chest we lack, so we divide", we didn't knew algebra yet). If the question wasn't specific, the kid that pointed it out got praise for being observant, and teacher specified what he meant. Most kids liked that lesson, and there was fierce competition to be the first to guess. That was the moment I felt in love with math, before that I thought I'm more of a humanist (which meant it's OK I can't understand decimal fractions ;) ). I think teaching kids to translate problem into math is very important, not only for math, but also if they want to be economists, computer programmers, etc. I cringe when I read that kids "know math, but don't know which equation to use to solve the problem". My wife taught math in secondary school for a while (in Poland, not USA, but we've recently had reform modeling our schools on those in "the West"). Many kids she taught had no idea how to translate word problem into math problem. They just pattern-matched keywords to equations. It's very sad, and I understand why they hate math - it must be completely frustrating to play this "guess the equation" game. So - I think there should be more focus on teaching kids to understand the basic word problems, before they even know algebra. To be sure, that they understand when we need to substract x, and when we need to substract from x. I've read somewhere that the natural sleep regime for human is to sleep for a few hours after the night come, wake up and be active for 1-2 hours around midnight, and then go back to sleep and only weak up in the morning. There: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Segmented_sleep I've changed password on one of my emails, typed it wrong in one input line, so I've ctrl+C and ctrl+V it from one input to the another. Stil didn't work, so I copied it the other way (I wasn't really thinking, then :)). It worked, but I couldn't log in to that email for a few days, until I understood, that I've changed my password to He probably just used standard language constructs (hasmaps, vectors, sets) instead of custom classes like in Java or Scala. In Clojure it's "idiomatic" to do that, and I believe it can make 10x difference in short programs. Yeah, some of the improvement could be because of better understanding of the problem. Because understanding exactly what program should do is more important than understanding what are best practices in CS, or how to abstract things. If you can keep all interactions of your app in your head, then it doesn't matter how badly designed the code is. Architecture is only important because it makes it possible to change things without understanding the whole thing. And complete understanding with bad architecture beats good architecture with incomplete understanding. It's a fractal, yes, but you can do with only understanding your branch in the highest resolution, you don't need all the details of the whole system (if it's well designed). Seems like useful feature to have. Is it supposed to be only used for error handling (like exceptions) or can you use it for unconventional control flow, too? Not the same, because you need to pass function to be called on error throught all the stack, and you don't need to do it with conditions, if I understand correctly. Example: main calls calculateSth calls f1 calls f2 calls f3 calls readFiles If we want to decide in main how we want to react to errors when reading files, we need to pass the function to handle errors thorught the whole chain. With conditions calculateSth,f1,f2 and f3 don't need to know about our condition. This also means that when you add new condition to function that you invoke in many places, you need much less changes everywhere. Coming up with 10 ideas a day is simple. Knowing which one is good is hard. 2. internet forum designed for convenient arguing. Looking different from traditional boards. There would be one huge (potentialy infinite) 2d plane, and people can place their opinions somewhere in a rectangle, others can place their counterarguments nearby and connect it with arrows, there are other kinds of relations like "supports", "contradicts", "example of", "counterexample", "implies", etc. People can only vote on arrows, not on nodes. Great article, title doesn't give it justice. FBI will just fill 1000 fake datapoints to cover its informator. Related standard for pointing to values inside of a json file - http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-appsawg-json-pointer-0... Example: http://example.com/example.json#/foo/inner%20object/baz There should be a library to do this: var temperature = GET("http://example.com/temperature.json#/europe/poland/warsaw); If every second word on site was a link, nobody would bother to click them. People would just be frustrated by all that blue words. Hmm, maybe that's argument for making different categories of links. Like blue links for things you suggest to read, light blue for things that are relevant, but not that important for most readers, and gray for links to definition of a word, source of the data, such things, that most people would ignore. I do this sometimes. Sometimes I refactor at first: 14*12=28*6=56*3=56*2+56=112+56=168 or 14*12=7*8*3=21*8=160+8 They say the same about woman. Now, that's a controversial programming opinion. Can you explain why syntax highlighting is bad? Some of us already use metadata in our daily coding - for example commit messages. Recently I've noticed, that I comment less, and instead write more information in commit messages, and do svn blame more often. It's better, because it has more context (you see to which changes this comment is relevant), and is always up-to-date, because you always write fresh commit messages. We have a rule in company, that you have to add task number from JIRA to each commit message, and this alone is a huge improvement - you can always check WHY some change was made). Apple just given much more publicity to A.pl, than it could ever buy with its marketing budget :) Also the case will take 5 years and nothing will come out of it. That's how Polish courts work, and that's why nobody sues over stupid details like this in Poland. I think it's supposed to be an abstract fruit, nothing specific. It isn't really apple-shaped, just perfect circle. And green color is commonly associated with being fresh. It's about this logo, I think: http://cdn.thenextweb.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/1/files/2012/... Still not similiar enough, IMHO. Also - Apple is almost non-existant in Poland except for iphone. I don't have data, but from anegdotal evidence Mac OS-X has smaller desktop market share than Linux here. So Poland is unimportant market for Apple.