what would happen if a suspect destroyed the keys? What would happen if the suspect destroyed keys prior to arrest? (ignoring the similar difficulty of proving this) That last part, what? Excellent app! I too am jealous you beat me to it. I just wanted to say one thing, you can make it open source, or wait until someone else does it. Now if that isn't karma I don't know what is Hey, I'd be very interested to hear more about this! Do you have a newsletter or something like that? I had the idea that there is so much untapped potential in selective breeding of cannabis after reading about various terpenes and their medicinal properties. The market's just been breeding for ridiculous THC levels (I daresay harmful levels - unfortunately I know several heavy smokers who have been institutionalized) without the CBD to balance it and without exploring the role of the other chemicals. So I'm happy to hear that this is changing! (Like that news of a 15% CBD 1% THC strain from a few years back) I wish you the best of luck! To clarify on the last bit, I was thinking it would be great if the genetics from the new high CBD strains could be brought into the mainstream by crossbreeding with popular strains. My interest in this has to do with the idea that in the 1970s, CBD and THC levels were both around 1%. THC has skyrocketed but CBD has not. THC is known to trigger psychosis and paranoia in sensitive individuals, while CBD reduces anxiety and was found to be as effective as other anti-psychotics. TL;DR too much sativa not enough indica :) Mouth sounds. Thanks for posting that! :) I'm sorry to hear that. are you Steve? I read a similar story a while back! I'm curious, could you kill an animal and cut it up? Do you realize you pay people to do this every time you buy meat? Are you cool with that? In the Netherlands I've had to declare bitcoins on my taxes the last few years. I had the idea a few months ago that, since no one wants to see ads, and since most devices greatly under-utilize potential output, ad networks would slowly be replaced by computation networks over the next few years. So for the time you spend (actively) on a website, instead of being shown ads, you "rent" your device's CPU etc in exchange for the content. woah. What kind of lists are those? How do you benefit from having fewer readers? could you post a bit about your experience? How has this benefited you? Do you mean that exercising led to you becoming vegetarian or cutting down meat? Edit: lol looks like I should get some sleep Vertical tabs for web browsing. It lets me keep everything in one window, and reveals the true nature of internet browsing (an ever expanding tree, rather than a randomly edited list). You can see which page spawned which ones, which is a blessing for keeping the structure organized. Plus the vertical list is much more readable than microscopic tabs or ones hidden with horizontal scrolling. Also, horizontal screen space is cheaper! I use the Tree Style Tab add-on with FireFox, it's the most solid one I've tried. Has anyone here tried PhotoReading? It's the same principle of reading the same text several times, along with an additional preparation by "photo reading": taking in the whole book with a relaxed gaze, one page at a time (about 1 second per page). This makes it easier to find relevant information later, as you instantly familiarize yourself with the high level structure of the material: the relationship between the layout of the page and the information contained. Highly recommended! Link shortcut: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ionescu007/lxss/master/The... My problem with generic chargers is a bit less subtle: my phone battery melted. Oh my god. Can you share any results? Simple and beautiful. That's a really interesting idea. If that existed here I would subscribe to you now. What is this mysterious ubiquitous "unauthenticated ssh tunneling"? You may be interested in Quikscript, a writing system inspired by shorthand and intended to replace the messy English writing system. I'm curious, how much benefit is there to having a fibre connection in NZ except for NZ websites? What's the max speed? Not familiar either, but that's an amazing idea Which system did you choose? If you want to be paranoid, I wouldn't type sensitive info into those machines (for any number of reasons) Thank you. That's fascinating. I'm trying to do this with bots. How many ports are there? Are you referring to something like this? http://blog.patshead.com/2013/09/generating-new-more-secure-... At least in term of Apple, it makes a bit more sense when you consider that apple owns Beats, the best selling Bluetooth headphones in the world, and also that they'll get paid a flat fee for each lightning compatible set of headphones made. It's about the courage to make lots of money! Thank you. My heart nearly stopped there. How about carbon nanotubes reinforced with carbon nanotubes? Would it be possible to make a browser plugin to do exactly that? Are those like dog years? {"Error":"sql: no rows in result set"} So... I dont want/need to think about this cause I'll be long dead? :) On a related note, how optimistic are you about life extending medical technology (which is likely to be accelerated by even minor advances in computing and AI)? UNIX and JavaScript? I'm noticing very short ads on YouTube (about 5sec) which are cheaper and more effective (ime) than the longer ones, which are usually skipped before they communicate the message and cause (more) annoyance. Wait.. what? I thought it has a headphone jack? My question is offtopic, but how do you keep lists of urls like that? Do you just use text files? I'm struggling with too much to read Wow how much do you have? I believe it has exceptional value, in the form of not spoiling the whole thing before you even click on it. I can't believe what I just read. Wow, that's great to hear about the head cam. Where are you putting these recordings? I wasn't able to select an answer until the image finished loading (well, it would submit the answer I selected at that point). I would suggest making it so it doesn't have to load the image before you can respond, and maybe compress them a bit more :) Here you go! https://www.justinobeirne.com/essay/what-happened-to-google-... it was on HN a few months ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11604387 Mgmt > Mgmt + Dev ? Hope you don't mind I ride off the bottom comment ;) I came here to post that the article misses the point! As you said, diamond rings are about the status. They are a signal, first and foremost. It's like expensive cars and (dare I say) Apple products: the wastefulness is an indicator of wealth, just like the peacock's massive tail is wasteful: it is expensive to grow and detrimental to its ability to escape predators. So, as dimino suggested, I would spend the same amount... but I'd spend it on Moissanite ;) The Internet = other people's computers I wonder how much I'm working to combine the technologies of spectrograms and photo-reading to be able to quickly skim any audio or video. Though, by the time I'm done it will probably be trivial to just use speech recognition ITT: everyone talking about Telegram instead of Telegraph. How does userbase affect usability? Also, I tried Wire recently, which has e2e and all your messages on all your devices. I tnink sent messages duplicated, encrypted with each of your devices keys. So when you add a device it can't read previous messages. What do we do about this? Thanks for the info. On a tangentially related note, do you have any idea what happens to the concept of sea level on earth as the sea level changes? No. What is your reason to be scared? Approx the intelligence of a cat "except AWS" I've been thinking about things like this, where for example, if you only buy vegetarian food at McDonalds you are still supporting deforestation and inhumane treatment of animals. If you buy AWS you are supporting the inhumane treatment of humans. Judging by the article and the comments, that sounds to me like more effort than Amazon is worth. Yeah they're usually more of the same but further along the timeline. "I don't care about price or hours (within reason), I care about not having to think about it." Brilliant, thank you for your comment! Does the caloric restriction thing basically mean that for each person there is a certain amount of food they can eat before they die? May i ask what is the benefit of using your own as well as an outside solution? More info? That sounds fascinating. Mini anecdote: met a very friendly schizophrenic guy in a coffeeshop who got really paranoid and uncomfortable after he smoked... and apparently he smoked all the time. Well.. if you have a latent mental illness and you take psychoactive substances, you may have a bad time. The issue is complicated: people often don't know about their illness and don't know that they respond differently to substances than other people do. I'm looking forward to a future where genetic testing for these things is as common as testing your drugs for purity (which, i hope, will also be be more common!) My friend in med school mentioned a study that found a number of genes for which smoking cannabis increases risk of developing schizophrenia, and a small number for which smoking cannabis actually decreases it! If anyone has heard of this I'd love a link to the study Wow, thanks for sharing that Thanks for the link, that's incredible. Like, incredibly bad. Have you heard any news on this? I enjoy reading words which indicate the person who wrote them is not entirely dead inside. It provides, i feel, for a Mor Better Reading Experience™ Would you care to elaborate? As someone who spends about half my free time on both websites, I am experiencing a mixture of hurt and intrigue. What about OS X? http://webcomicname.tumblr.com/post/154211839894 How do people make SVGs these days? Inkscape? By hand? A combination? Wow, that sounds neat Wait a minute, switched to Linux because of gaming? I'm considering switching to macOS so I can play StarCraft. (That's not the only reason haha) No. Where's that sarcasmark when you need it! Uh, maybe I'm missing something, but aren't backlinks the entire concept Google is based on? I used to click only on ads I didn't like, to charge the creators money, until I realized the networks were optimizing for showing me only ads I hated. The trick is that using a simple frame-by-frame approach means the details filled in only depend on the frame, not on the details which were filled in to the previous frame, so you get crazy jitter. Deepart.io now has a video mode [0] that takes this into account. [0] https://deepart.io/video/ I believe the down-scaling is done the old fashioned way. The up-scaling uses a neural network to guess what the original image was. See waifu2x [0][1]. The new thing here is that they're using it to save bandwidth, and running it on the user side. [0] https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nagadomi/waifu2x/master/im... [1] http://waifu2x.udp.jp/ That sounds interesting. Do you have any links? I must not understand what you mean by scaling up, I though the best way to scale up pixel art was to disable interpolation, so each pixel just becomes a perfectly sharp square? Solid advice! Would you mind sharing some of the systems you've implemented? Any suggestions? Your comment reminded me of Karma Yoga, the practice of taking action without attachment to the outcome. I have used this successfully this very week, with my worst insomnia yet. A trick i learned is that writing mainly helps me to clarify my thoughts, so i realized i can do that without turning on the light and getting a pen: i can use a voice recorder (on my phone) and whisper into it, like journaling out loud. Hope this helps! Do you mean to say that they were running a mainframe emulator on a mainframe? Yes! I second this. I started using Insight Timer and am now meditating every single day for the first time. I would like to expand on atroyn's reply: Every choice you ever make is self-reinforcing. If you choose to do the "right" thing or the "wrong" thing in any given moment, that will reinforce your tendency to either persevere or to give up, in the future. So while some moments of decision may seem more important than others (with obvious / immediate consequences), these moments are in fact all supremely important. Over time these decisions solidify into habits and character traits. Ultimately, they will determine your fate in life. Really? I googled to check but only found Password Safe. What is insane about it? Thanks, that's somewhat uplifting. They say the eyes are the window into the soul, but really we're just looking at each other's brains! Probably not what OP meant, but I usually have to look something up on Google for every few lines of code I write. It takes me less time to look things up than to learn em properly. That's interesting, my experience (and my friend's) with Modafinil has been that it helps you stay with a task for longer, in other words leaving things unfinished bothers you more than it usually does. It seems that a pattern would be any useful combination of basic elements. Does anyone know of a comprehensive list of the basic elements in writing? Ahh shit, and i was just beginning to think that a site i found a while back (can't remember the name) which used a hash function to generate your passwords hash(strong_master_pass + site + user) was a perfect solution... Would you mind sharing why you did it? I've been curious about this for a while. Is there a special way to do it, or do you just.. do it? My undestanding is that you are allowed 10 accounts. Which part of that confuses you? If it was the quoting SW part, my understanding is that they used that as a simple source of human language. What does it remind you of? I haven't used GA. They're following the format 'bababa', where 'b' is a random consonant and 'a' is a random vowel. And it was at this moment andai that realised, that YouTube comments are written by regular people. I see... Could someone buy 200k for $100? Can you buy retweets from accounts with human followers? Don't know why you were downvoted, as this is one of the most important uses of bots. Maybe people are sick of hearing the term. There also seems to be some confusion about its meaning and its purpose. I thought, "ha, he'd need a botnet to make any noticeable impact", when I thought, has anyone thought of that? Using a network of bots to detect and report obvious bot accounts. I am very happy you have a free version! I am currently adding screen size responsiveness to my website, working from my phone (don't have access to proper computer right now) so this is exactly what I need! I've been wondering about this. I have a bit of dandruff. I really like the fluffy hair feeling i get when i wash most/all the grease out. But sometimes i can wash my hair 4-5 times and it's still greasy! Wow, brilliant! Thanks! I have great ideas and forget almost everything. He was leaving himself notes which he later didn't recognize, he thought someone was in the apartment! It was suggestions on reddit tnat made him realize it was CO poisoning. Anecdotal: I've bought cheap versions of things online enough times that I don't want to do it again (just got home from helping a friend install a battery that didn't even fit properly). I've had a few things melt and a couple explode.. I shudder to think that you would risk your life on a device of questionable quality. I meant (with a great sadness in my heart) that YouTube comments do indeed come from relatively ordinary members of the human species. I might be wrong, but I don't think we can simulate flame wars yet. bred* :) When I was very young I spoke with a man who informed me in no uncertain terms that the digital age was old news and the next big thing would be bio-entertainment. That last part got my attention! I'm currently studying internet marketing and there's so much stuff out there that makes me uneasy... have you found any resources for ethical marketing? Is it pronounced "yotskee"? Thank you, that is great advice. He elaborated a little: my understanding (at the time) was basically "Pokémon in real life". For everyone asking about magsafe, you can buy a usb-c to magsafe adapter. (2 parts which separate) Ah yes... but that is not what literally literally means. I tnink OP was looking at it like "x is a member of a set which has only one member", so in the sense that, you can't be a little pregnant, only completely. I was going to say, “Yes, but what if the progress is kind of shit?”, but you put it much better. Have you heard of "e prime"? It is the English language with the word "be" (and all its conjugations) removed, so it is not possible to make claims about objective reality, only one's experience and perspective of it. From my favorite etymology website, the etymology of the word literally: http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=literally It seems many people have their locale set to en-us, but don't like seeing °F, inches etc. Go to Menu > Settings > Language > English [en] That will give you °C, mm, etc >... infantile amnesia starts to dissipate when children begin crawling and walking. > Once babies begin moving through space rather than being carried passively ... the brain’s place cells and grid cells start firing and aligning themselves to the environment, encoding the spaces being explored and ultimately building the scaffolding of episodic memory. > Could giving a child an apparatus for self-locomotion during the critical period result in positive cognitive skills later on? > One 2012 study showed how infants with severe motor impairment who were trained to use custom-made carts to move scored higher on cognitive and language tests than a control group. > A 7-month-old child with spina bifida increased his cognition and language skills in the study at a rate greater than his chronological age. This is probably my resentment speaking, but I resonate with this Paul Graham essay about school years being miserable primarily due to school, not puberty. http://www.paulgraham.com/nerds.html Apparently, the code for parsing PDFs has grown larger than the linux kernel. That's quite an attack surface! The design intended for random strangers to be able to print angry robots? Most of them can be automated. I reckon you got downvoted not because you're wrong, but because it makes people uncomfortable to consider that. I was just thinking today about Thomas Jefferson's idea that the constitution be rewritten every 19 years (every generation). I arrived at that thought while thinking about how Dropbox Paper is more modern than Google Docs (which turns 12 this year). Sometimes it's better to start over from scratch. It lets you do things you actually couldn't do with lots of small changes. That's an interesting point about finding things you completely forgot about in journals. It made me realize, if I had to reconstruct my memory from written notes, I would end up with a lot of stuff that was only important to me at the moment my thoughts were being written down. The Internet is made almost entirely of other people's computers. If you put something on the Internet, you are putting trust in those people (and companies). I what was meant was, most people do not understand that when they send nudes to someone, that person is not the only person that has access to those nudes. As an example, let's say Alice sends nudes to Bob, by way of a simple email. In this example they do not use encryption or even SSL. Apart from Alice and Bob, there are others who can access the nudes: * others on the local network * the ISPs (of both parties) * email server providers (of both parties) * anybody recording internet traffic at any relevant point in this process This is where the metaphor of sending a letter breaks down. People use the Internet as though messages only reach their desired recipients. I'm assuming I don't need to name the specific agency which has been intercepting nudes and forwarding them to their colleagues. It is true that that is illegal. It is true that (most) people have an expectation of privacy. It is also true that that expectation is broken on a regular basis. Therefore, unfortunately, in the world we currently live in (which is not an ideal world where corporations and governments always follow the law), that expectation is unfounded. I wish you were right. I wish it were 50 years off. Life, however, has other plans: https://arstechnica.com/business/2017/02/how-being-replaced-... (Incidentally there's actually a gif of a robot cooking in there.) There's a few answers in the thread about how he basically revealed a troubling character attribute to his coworkers. He acted as though he did not know or care what he did to upset them (evidenced by not apologising), and they now expect he is capable of acting the same way in other (professional and personal) situations. Noob question: what are the problems here? Mail server being compromised, and/or any of the sender/recipient machines? Wow that looks great! I'll keep an eye on this :) Are you using the built-in encryption? Does anyone know about any research for fingerprinting the host inside a virtual machine? See also: detecting and motion tracking people behind walls, with the ability to recognise specific people ( also using wifi ). http://www.theverge.com/2015/10/28/9625636/rf-capture-mit-wi... Of particular interest: It can determine breathing patterns and heart rate. This one! http://www.theverge.com/2015/10/28/9625636/rf-capture-mit-wi... It can detect people and track their movements behind walls , and tell different people apart. It can also measure breathing patterns and heart rate. Though the headline is depressing and somewhat obvious, the article itself is hopeful and has links to a dozen different experimental schools. Worth a read. That sounds fascinating! Electrical, mechanical, hydraulic? I was asking what you meant! :) I've only heard of analog computers in an ancient context, so I have no idea what kinds people are working on nowadays. You mentioned "chip" in another comment, so I'm guessing it's not mechanical/hydraulic. In a typical company, earning a fixed monthly salary, you will end up paying the company the majority of the money you make for them, and the more value you produce the company, the less you earn by comparison (since in most companies your contribution is not immediately reflected in the salary and can be hard to measure). Flat fee + 10% of earnings seems very, very generous to me by comparison. But I do agree that was a very important detail left out of the article! I'm surprised the article didn't mention time4vps[0]. For about $4.25 you get 2 cores, 2 GB ram, 80GB storage, 2TB transfer. That's over twice the value of anything in this article. Potential catch for people based in US: The servers are in Europe (lithuania), and network speed isn't as great as others I've tried. But if you need something super cheap, I highly recommend it. Their storage is also excellent value (about $3 per TB). Btw, does anyone know other cheap storage providers? Thanks. [0] https://www.time4vps.eu/ They offer KVM as well now! (Again $4,25 per month). 2GB RAM, 2TB transfer, 40GB storage. Only one core though. https://billing.time4vps.eu/cart/&step=3 shorthand (redirects) http://t4vps.eu I can relate to that "high". I'm not sure about the science behind this but my best guess is that it's like the opposite of the drowsy feeling you get after a big meal: You aren't spending energy on digestion, and the whole body and brain "wake up" and become alert, because, well, you need to be alert so you can survive and get more food! haha Have you tried total fasting and/or intermittent fasting? I did a 3 day total fast a few months ago and it was a bit uncomfortable, but it was more psychological than physical. I'd never gone for more than a few hours without eating before, and that was very unsettling. After a day and a half I sort of "settled into it". There's new studies coming out more often now on the life-extending benefits of caloric restriction (in mice). I think there was a study on some kind of simians too. Seconded! Fascinating article. What is ultrasound used for here? I've noticed in computer graphics and games that there are some simple things you can do that go a long way towards making the game "cool", things like particles for example. I never thought something like this could actually save a dying project, I'll keep that in mind! I've never heard of a fiber only fast. What can you eat that only contains fiber? I imagine by self-discovery OP meant "thinking about / deciding what to do", rather than actually doing things. I see a future where residential heating is powered by community owned bitcoin mining rigs. Maybe, as a species, we've been in this situation before. Perhaps we realized we weren't ready, or never will be, to deal with a world in which all labor is replaced by technology, so we made one last high tech invention to destroy all the technology. The cycle continues! Does bt have checksums for pieces and files? I thought it was only pieces. What can be done to protect against attacks like this? I'm considering switching from Android to iOS since I've heard good things about the security and privacy. Yeah, from what I've heard the Chinese ones come with this sort of stuff pre-installed! That is a very important point! :( ITT: triggered carnivores I feel like you have a point in there somewhere. Would you like to share it? Maybe they were holding their phone at an angle? I guess my comment came across as rude, I didn't mean it that way. I originally wrote a reply something along the lines of "I hear that argument a lot: if we didn't raise animals for food they wouldn't even be born!" But I thought it would be better to ask you to clarify rather than respond based on an assumption. My apologies. Which guideline do you feel that I have strayed from? Any thoughts on UNIX security? I've been wondering what the most secure OS is for a long time, and the answer seems to be "systems that stopped being developed before you were born." Thank you, I'll take a look! Wow! Thanks so much for all the resources. I have added them to my notes. To the people who downvoted this fellow: why don't you post a comment instead? Indeed there is much to be said for the value of diversifying your assets, and the same is true when it comes to physical and nonphysical currency. Now, where to put them... Ms. Semuels, it seems, places them in the same mental category. Well, I guess us guys will just have to start marrying each other! Source? I would like to verify these depressing findings. It is worth mentioning that the entire population of Iceland is less than half that of Amsterdam. software engineer? You just gave me an idea.. you could actually run an entire company on nothing but free work by candidates doing "homework assignments"... This comes to mind https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13194074 http://tryoldster.com/ I still haven't figured out how to actually open a file/folder in Finder (with the keyboard). I installed W10 just to try it, to confirm that it was as terrible as everyone said. It was, and I decided to switch back just a few days after it had silently deleted the files required to undo the uninstall :( What's BeOS like? How has the Hackintosh experience been for you? I like the idea of cheap powerful hardware, but fiddling with drivers and configs sounds like the exact opposite of what led me to get a mac in the first place Where are you going? Oh! Thanks. ⌘↓ works as well (and ⌘↑ to navigate to parent directory). Windows 7 is supported until 2020, in case you liked that one. That should at least give you time to think things over :) How has your experience with Elementary been? I've been thinking of getting a MacBook for my mom in a few months. In the meantime, I had to reinstall her linux laptop, so I thought I'd give her Elementary because I heard good things about it, and from the screenshots I figured it would be like halfway between linux and mac, so might ease the transition a little. But in the end, I got so frustrated with it I switched it back to Xubuntu! You're right, eventually modern display technology will catch up to the point where it indistinguishably simulate CRT screens :) Is there a benefit of running Whonix in Qubes? Or just that running Qubes is a good idea in general? Ahh, when I last tried it, it was called Linux MultiMedia Studio :) They're being paid by the spooks! On a serious note, doesn't cyberwarfare sound more like it could lead to nasty consequences, such as regular warfare, rather than preventing it? I'm curious about these existing solutions, do you have any links or names? Are you optimistic about any technology in particular for grid level storage? While you do make some good points, I think it unwise to speak with a negative sentiment about YC... on YC... Also spelling. how u make that inverted b? http://www.bash.org/?330261 Wait, what? How did you find that out? If you wish to make a brain from scratch, you must first invent the universe. I don't see any mention of quantum computers in here so I thought I'd mention: the NSA themselves are concerned that quantum computing will be a great threat to encryption in the near future. Keep in mind that the NSA and god knows who else are storing encrypted communications to break them later. Quantum computing will defeat RSA, DH, ECC, asymmetric crypto, but it will only weaken symmetric crypto (eg. AES) by a factor of two. So according to my Internet research: if your symmetric crypto is twice as secure (key size) as needs be, it is future proof. Also (and please correct me if I'm wrong) I believe the triple encryption Serpent(Twofish(AES)) available in VeraCrypt (TrueCrypt fork) even protects against weaknesses which may be discovered in any of these cryptosystems: they would have to defeat all three. Does anyone here have an air-gapped computer setup? I'm thinking of doing something with raspberry pi. I'm stuck at the part where it communicates (for my purposes, small amounts of ascii) with a non airgapped computer without using USB or networking. I'm thinking about giving both machines a little speaker and microphone and using high frequency pulses to transfer the text. Why, you may be wondering? 1. Airgapped system is impervious to penetration 2. Can be used for literally unbreakable communications. I'm thinking about giving both machines a little speaker and microphone and using high frequency pulses to transfer the text. (modem) I don't know enough about computer security to understand whether a specially crafted piece of morse code audio (transferred through actual sound waves) could be used as an exploit, but I'm leaning towards "implausible". Yes, I also considered using text input, and then something like converting encrypted bytes into english words for ease of input. But I've noticed that not all my friends are very good at typing, so an automated solution is more user friendly... and a security solution that actually gets used is more secure than one that doesn't :) Yes indeed! A few years ago I read about a project using infrared "lasers" for a LAN. (Can't find it now since the concept has become quite popular.) I only wish I was that badass... I can barely do C, let alone asm. I imagine attempting those now would only make the system less secure! haha. I'm just getting started with Arduino. I think I'll keep it simple for now :) I do plan to learn them (c/asm) some day, then I will be able to make the system even more secure. Thanks for the tips! Ahh.. remember BadBIOS? :) It did need USB flash drives to spread though. (See BadUSB.. and weep!) Yes, I am considering precisely these kinds of solutions! There was an IR LAN project a while back (ten years?) but I can't remember the name (and the concept has skyrocketed in popularity making Googling difficult). Excellent suggestion :) If you're exchanging keys in person, I suggest looking into OTP, currently the only known mathematically unbreakable form of encryption, and so simple it has been used since at least World War I. Be the change you wish to see in the world :) You could look at it as a problem, or as an opportunity. I think it's excellent that someone (in this case Apple) is setting a high standard for others (libre or not) to follow. From Schneier's IPSec paper Conclusions We are of two minds about IPsec. On the one hand, IPsec is far better than any IP security protocol that has come before: Microsoft PPTP, L2TP, etc. On the other hand, we do not believe that it will ever result in a secure operational system. It is far too complex, and the complexity has lead to a large number of ambiguities, contradictions, inefficiencies, and weaknesses. It has been very hard work to perform any kind of security analysis; we do not feel that we fully understand the system, let alone have fully analyzed it. You only need to meet once. With a few GB (a couple bucks in a supermarket will buy a 8GB usb stick) you can communicate in text about 16 thousand books worth of words. In other words, to deplete the pad you would have to write sixteen thousand books. I think that's pretty convenient, as far as literally unbreakable encryption goes! So... how come they are selling them? Your downvotes courtesy of NSA's botnet ;) Do you use OTP? I've done some little experiments. I'm surprised at the lack of interest in the only form of encryption that is literally unbreakable, in this age of surveillance paranoia. Interesting, I thought I heard of a 25 hour sleep cycle before so I looked it up. >> Over the first two years, 25 subjects stayed in the bunker and were monitored. The researchers noted that the majority of them woke up slightly later every day. Their average days were no longer 24 hours, but soon lengthened to between 24.7 and 25.2 hours. However, this length then remained constant, and their bodily functions basically followed this new rhythm. As this rhythm does not correspond to conventional day and night, it is called the circadian rhythm (lat. circa = approximate, dies = day). courtesy of the Max Planck Institute for Behavioral Physiology https://www.mpg.de/943613/S003_Flashback_060_061.pdf 1. Security of the system: I'm thinking about this lately: below in this thread I mentioned a setup involving an airgapped non-intel (eg. Rpi) computer that communicates ascii in morse code. This machine would hold the keys and encrypt / decrypt. 2. What to do with the files? You'd need to keep them as long as you need to use them. In my scenario it would be on an SD card in the raspberry pi. Afterwards.. there are many creative ways to destroy them :) i think an advantage of SD over HDDs is they are small enough to reasonably melt. 3. Key exchange: exchange the key on physical media, in person. Ensure the key does not come into contact with a networked computer (ask your friend nicely) and keep it away from any untrusted USB devices. 4. Quality key material: Hardware random number generator (also done on an airgapped etc machine). I think I've covered everything, the only thing that crypto people on IRC could really complain about (it seems they really don't like OTP?) was integrity: an attacker could modify the message if they guessed parts of it. I'm still figuring out how that would work (they assumed it would be used for a standard protocol with something like "From: andai@andai.tv" at the start of every message). Now I'm just trying to make it so that anyone could set this up, which is turning out to be the trickiest step. For the simplest form of encryption there sure aren't a lot of implementations out there... I am thinking about a system for transmitting keys through the mail. A microSD card is small enough to conceal inside of something else. I'm thinking of some kind of packaging where you could easily tell if it has been opened, and it would be impossible to re-seal perfectly. It does not matter if the key is intercepted, as long as the recipient knows this, and does not use the key. -- As far as TEMPEST goes, I think at the point the adversary is physically near you, you've got bigger things than encryption to worry about. You could wrap the raspberry pi's case in aluminium foil. I'm not sure if the usb power cable leaks any signals: wrap it too for good measure ;) In the scenario I am describing it would only ever be used to transmit ASCII for a cryptosystem. I do not require networking or internet or file transfer, just a low bitrate modem for text input and output. Re: need custom hardware for each algorithm Something tells me, for an intelligence agency, building a quantum computer only for the purpose of breaking cryptographic keys would be a worthwhile investment. An investment they have already made: The effort to build “a cryptologically useful quantum computer” -- a machine exponentially faster than classical computers-- is part of a $79.7 million research program called “Penetrating Hard Targets.” article https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/nsa-s... leaked document http://apps.washingtonpost.com/g/page/world/a-description-of... +5, insightful I was surprised at the end you say you are not a programmer. What do you do? It certainly sounds like you work with programmers or very close to them. You have a tremendous advantage in that you understand the customer / end user does not care how the thing works, as long as it works. "Find beauty even in the ugliest of nasties." Man, that's beautiful. You should write an ebook! (no sarcasm intended) Wow.. that's a lot of planes! When you buy a recording of one of Louis C.K.'s shows from his website, you are given the choice (*) Yes, I'd like to receive further emails about louis C. K. things. ( ) No, leave me alone forever you fat bastard. On front page it's just Hang on, a simple example of not trying to be Zuckerberg is not wearing shirts and jeans to meetings? (I didn't know he does that, but I guess you can do whatever you like in his position. Just look at what he's doing with our data and valuable human attention.) To be yourself, you must know yourself. If "yourself" is someone who wants to do something that doesn't come naturally, then naturally you must do something that doesn't come naturally to you, in order to "be yourself"! All humans (all animals really) take from nature. This human just takes from other humans as well. Wow great tip! If I had to use 10 I would go for this one. Do you know if there's any way for a end user to get the enterprise license? They say it's $7 a month, but do you need to a registered business or something? 2020, Year of Reactos on the Desktop? Actions speak louder than words. With Windows 10, Microsoft is basically saying, "f * you." Upvoted because it's true: Microsoft has no obligation to support old software, any more than it has an obligation to respect its users. I mean, it would be nice if they did, but clearly they aren't in it to do good for the world. I think the problem is while they certainly made it better in many ways, they also made it worse in arguably more important ways (disrespecting the user). Two questions: Did you have problems with w10 LTSB which you didn't have with regular w10, or was it the same with both? And how did you get LTSB? I read it's $7 a month but I don't understand if anyone can get it or you need to sign up as a company. Where is yours? Hardcopy? What about microwaving? Would that work? I know you're probably joking, but would this actually work? I know it dissolves teeth. Indeed, Amsterdam is so biker-friendly that it is a hazard to pedestrians! > Apple Computer Edit: From Wikipedia: During his keynote speech at the Macworld Expo on January 9, 2007, Jobs announced that Apple Computer, Inc. would thereafter be known as "Apple Inc.", because the company had shifted its emphasis from computers to consumer electronics.[93][94] This event also saw the announcement of the iPhone and the Apple TV. And +1 for William Walker Atkinson. That man has written so much it's incredible. Also highly recommended by Mr. Atkinson: The Power of Concentration (under his pen name Theron Q. Dumont) . From PGP's Passphrase FAQ: > "Shocking nonsense" means to make up a short phrase or sentence that is both nonsensical and shocking in the culture of the user, that is, it contains grossly obscene, racist, impossible or other extreme juxtaposition of ideas. This technique is permissable because the passphrase, by its nature, is never revealed to anyone with sensibilities to be offended. https://www.unix-ag.uni-kl.de/~conrad/krypto/passphrase-faq.... As someone who's still in the "dropped out" phase, this is tremendously encouraging. I can tell that I am improving in my concentration, discipline, catching myself procrastinating etc, but sometimes I worry that it's too slow and that I'll never develop to the point where I'll be able to complete a degree. Right. “Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.” The best they can hope to do is extract the findings and de-obfuscate them. Wow! How did you create BeagleHash? I took a look at your repos but could only find the end result. I wonder sometimes, with the amount these advertisers know about me, how come they don't know I don't click on ads? It would increase their profits to not target me. ??? I opened a random article, it caps out at 19mb after the first 5 minutes (reached 12mb in 30 seconds). I think it's more like, you didn't do anything right! It sounds mysterious and all, but does not really benefit anybody else. How are you going to make sure? Upvoted because even though that show makes me sick it does explain very important technological / cultural issues in a very, uh, visceral way. iirc some of the first cars ran on vegetable oil, which is now seen as quite progressive. I don't know enough about stories or reality to explain this better, but the episodes seem to have a lot in common with a bad acid trip. I mean, if your note-to-self system is leaving cryptic comments, you should probably invest in finding something more appropriate. I'm very happy with Notational Velocity at the moment (not sure about cross platform solutions, but I think most systems do similar things nowadays). Almost genetic distribution? Huh, TIL :) 9) Video thumbnail (and half of video) is a guy's face. (Consider changing video thumbnail to a screenshot of the software in action, or even a logo.) I filed a bug for this a few weeks ago, and then issue disappeared for me (I'm on the Sierra beta builds). This is what I was expecting. What is a deeplink? One of the reasons I am teaching myself to read spectrograms is so that I can skim through audio. You might see something about my progress on HN in a few years :) Such is life. Perhaps he is writing a 'betoog' (I do not know how to translate this), a piece in which the point is not to inform the user but to convince them of a certain point of view. Wow, thanks for sharing! "Technologists have produced a 3D-printed painting in the style of Rembrandt" I will most likely create my own at some point. In the previous discussion there were some interesting suggestions for improvements. eg. http://esploded.s3.amazonaws.com/anon_data/2012/e5YO-dotsie3... In terms of creating a space-saving reading system, I think a better place to start would be with the writing system itself. Dotsies squishes letters but does not remove them. I propose a system where each word is reduced to its minimal representation, eg. where letters are removed until the smallest unique form is found (giving more common words shorter forms). Once I have such a mapping developed (for both reading and accelerated writing) I will see if something like dotsies still makes sense. In any case I will not use squares: they make my eyes sad. Maybe circles :) In the previous discussion[0] on Dotsies, someone posted a modified version which tries to address this issue, as well as a few others: "dotsies 3" http://esploded.s3.amazonaws.com/anon_data/2012/e5YO-dotsie3... [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3601687 The math here is beyond my reasoning, but I loved playing with the sliders! Another solution to getting through long audio segments quickly is learning to read spectrograms (time/frequency intensity graphs of speech). Then you translate the problem into speed reading. I'm (slowly) investigating this, expect a HN post in a few years :) I have had a hard time with math in formal education, I would love to hear more about how you are learning it now :) I don't get it. Isn't that the same thing but worse? Edit: Also, Greenspun's Tenth Rule of Programming: Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad-hoc, informally-specified, bug-ridden, slow implementation of half of Common Lisp. For an introduction to Prolog: Learn Prolog Now - Free Online Version http://www.learnprolognow.org/lpnpage.php?pageid=online I like this one because it's beginner-friendly (and uses characters from Pulp Fiction as examples). -- edit: actually, The Power of Prolog to is great, too! If anyone knows more good resources, I'd be happy to hear about them! I don't know, sounds like it would be pretty confusing giving so many people the same referral code. space dust That's a pretty nice website. It took 4.1 minutes to load on my connection though (was completely black for the first three minutes). I'm stealing wifi from across the street so I get about 3kbps average, so I understand you did not optimize for that ;) Shoes are a prison for the mind. In that case, it seems they found her just in time! "rescuing" It must have been awfully traumatic, to say nothing of ethics. Right, and they are only able to do so as a result of the media sensation the girl has been turned into. Ahh, ye olde hallicusbradymetatarsalgia! https://xkcd.com/1065/ I've been thinking about buying these, along with a worn out pair of "normal" shoes. Then I'll cut out the soles and put the top part over the weird comfy shoes. Best of both worlds! But architecture and music are made of math! There's no point in arguing whether left brain or right brain is best brain. Both approaches are half-brained ;) Can someone please explain what software has to do with repairing a tractor? Edit: it looks like the physical components themselves are DRMed? Wtf? Distributed mining ;) Did you see that video of analyzing microscopic (subpixel) changes in video to reconstruct audio vibrations? How do you find passwords in a long history file? > Instead we should look to where innovation develops particularly rapidly in spite of an establishment. I haven't had my coffee yet, but this part sounds like a contradiction to me? Can you think of any examples (maybe from other areas)? hahahaha Wait, you mean self-driving / remote control is good for security? > "We can disable the ignition but not while you're driving," Melanie Boudreau, a spokesperson at IMETRIK, a Canadian maker of starter interrupt devices that run around $100 each, told Fortune. "We don't want to kill you." I agree! In all the cases I've seen so far, the glyphs haven't just been similar, they've been the exact same glyphs, just in a different part of unicode. I think a lookup table would be enough. And then a rule that might be good to implement at registrars (please correct me if I'm missing a valid use case for this): if all the the unicode characters represent ASCII (or its 'duplicates'), reject the registration. Since I can no longer delete this, I'll just say, I genuinely thought it was a joke! Is there a way to express appreciation of humor on HN without getting down voted? (Obviously 'lol' / 'haha' are looked down upon here) Oh, dang, good point. I had this idea a while ago and later discovered that the MOD file format beat me by a few decades :) Also, today I stopped halfway through importing a FLAC of repetitive electronic music into Audacity, and I was surprised to discover that there was almost no repetition (it would play one bar then skip ahead over the identical parts) Edit: Whoops, totally wrong! Turns out I was loading a half-torrented file and forgot that torrents don't download in order! Can you suggest any specific jobs for young people? I've had the Voder's version of Daisy Bell stuck in my head for years https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41U78QP8nBk Yes indeed! I would add on to this, instead of asking "how can I make $X?", ask "how can I provide $X of value to people?". You provide value by meeting people's needs. So it is very valuable to learn about those needs! My mom always told me I'd need better Math grades to become a programmer. Since the 2nd program I ever wrote was a script to do my math homework for me, I laughed at her. Then I failed to pass the first year of CS bachelor. Twice. I am very glad to see this most excellent book here, and will add it to my collection. This was fascinating. Can I read more somewhere? In a somewhat different way, this is the same reason I prefer to work at night. I can get an 8-10 hour stretch with no distractions! Ahh! I just realized, I read about the New York broken windows situation in Malcolm Gladwell's excellent book (in my layman opinion) The Tipping Point. From the original article in 1982: Consider a building with a few broken windows. If the windows are not repaired, the tendency is for vandals to break a few more windows. Eventually, they may even break into the building, and if it's unoccupied, perhaps become squatters or light fires inside. Or consider a pavement. Some litter accumulates. Soon, more litter accumulates. Eventually, people even start leaving bags of refuse from take-out restaurants there or even break into cars. Broken Windows, The Atlantic Monthly, March 1982 -- The way I would put it, based on my visits to my home town of Zagreb, Croatia: Apathy is contagious. Man.. now I'm not sure if you're right or if we're all mutants. I always forget which eye is which color. I should write it down. The cover story was a cover story! Thanks for the very informative comment! I must ask, as a non-lawyer, how did you learn so much about these things? That was an unexpected analogy. Are you having trouble convincing people to actually use your product, or to pay for using it? Disappointed nobody had an answer here... I must admit, I liked _jal's colosseum idea better. Why not just add robot-moving robots to your list? ;) Re: fossil fuels: just put oxygen tank next to fuel tank! For all you downvoting plebs: op is jokingly referring to The Boring Company. This is how I feel reading Old English. You've figured out something very important, which is that as an employee, you never get to see most (ie. all , beyond the limit of your wage) of the value you create. If you don't mind sharing, what's the big app you're warming up for? :) Interesting to see the range of responses in this thread, eg. you are advocating keeping it fun and interesting, whereas other people recommend deliberately doing things you don't like. It might have to do with different personality types. For instance, I am prone to procrastinate on anything that doesn't interest/excite me, so when my goal is to work on stuff I don't like, the output approaches zero. I resonate with the "do more than nothing" approach advocated by Khatzumoto of All Japanese All The Time[0]. Which is a great website by the way! It's all about how language learning can be fun. It's like 10% language learning advice, 90% "you can do it stop beating yourself up". [0]: http://alljapaneseallthetime.com/ Related: Research finds that optimal skull development occurs in the absence of artificial cranial deformation. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_cranial_deformation I would say that when a device is used to prevent cranial deformation rather than cause it, that is exactly the opposite (not sure what it is called, google brings up "cranial remolding" and "molding helmet") of artificial deformation . What I am saying is that most feet, as with most skulls (and even, I daresay -- as e40 humorously mentioned -- most brains), form naturally, without external "assistance". Add a custom stylesheet that removes the warning? ;) How do you deal with the email invites? I'm thinking of making a filter to auto-delete them. How would that work? What did you change about the CSS? Width? Then you will see it is not the bit that flips, it is only yourself. tl;dr relax, go for a walk What safeguards did you build in to it? ?! Wow. What kind of games? This is pretty fucked up. I've heard this before! In some Nine Inch Nails tracks. I always thought it was white noise + bandpass + clipping or distortion. We upvoted this comment, because it made us laugh. So more like a genetic algorithm then? The photo mastercard Serbia posted has a credit card in it... Top HN comment from similar article (4 months ago): "pro tip: Use canned tomatoes instead of fresh whenever out of season; canners use varieties that have not been ruined for shipping, and seal at the peak of freshness." https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13520563 Dr. Klee's tomato shenanigans have appeared on HN a couple times: 4 years ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4182279 also 4 years ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5254216 I like your "just take the data with you" idea. I did something similar with a tiny (about the size of my thumbnail) USB stick about ten years ago, running Linux everywhere I could (and wasn't really supposed to!). It was pretty slow though. These days though, read and write speeds (on USB 3) are over 10x faster. So even without the hardware changes you describe, it's already more than feasible :) I had a dream once where I was holding an iPhone, and every time I looked away and back again, it would be one form factor bigger (iPhone -> iPad -> MacBook). That was a really cool dream. what did you write There have been some posts on HN about hiring more experienced developers for one-on-one tutoring / pair coding over Skype (on freelance websites etc). A guy wrote a blog post about it (can't remember name), he hired a couple people for a half hour each until he found one he liked. Alternatively see if there are any meetups in your area (meetup.com is great for that). I imagine that there are things you know about that you don't fully understand or haven't put into practice yet. So focus on understanding them, and especially understanding them by doing them. And if by some miracle you don't have enough of those things, spend more time on HN ;) Edit: Getting a mentor can be tremendously helpful. If you work at a company see if there's anyone you can get paired with. Someone more experienced is great, but even someone at your level is likely to know some tricks you haven't learned yet. Alternatively, ask a friend, go to meetups, or you can even hire people online to teach you how to code (on freelance sites etc). No one else can answer these questions for you. If your rationalizations don't make sense, they're covering up for deeper fears you may be reluctant to face. Imagine starting work on these things right now and notice how you feel. Investigate from there. Or, ignore the feeling, and go work on your dreams anyway :) Best wishes Also, an important thing to realize is that everyone is bad at stuff in the beginning. In the words of Jake the Dog, "Suckin at something is the first step towards being sorta good at something!" Or (can't remember where i got this) "Every artist has 10,000 shitty drawings in them, it's best to get them out as quickly as possible." Deliberately making something bad (because it will probably end up sorta bad at first, whether you want it or not) can help you overcome the delusion of "it has to be perfect or people will judge me!" Aim to fail because failure is an essential part to success. You keep sucking until one day you wake up and realize things are going really well. You have to make it to that day though. The only real failure is giving up. Hey, that just makes me feel worse! Another useful perspective to have is to start thinking in terms of other people's needs. Eg. instead of "how can I make a million dollars" ask "how can I provide a million dollars in value?" Thinking in terms of people's needs is also beneficial to relationships and mental health, ie. noticing the needs of those around you, how you are / aren't meeting those needs, as well as your own. This way of thinking helps me make decisions in my life. In this article: Ev Williams reveals his disdain for human beings. As someone who enjoys cold pizza, I like reheated (skillet) pizza too. Where do you live? I guess I've only lived in poor and/or stingy countries, where frugality has a high status. They thrive in an environment devoid of organic matter! Since they thrive on inorganic matter, we might be able to harness some of them to deal with electronic waste :) True, however I think if you're making designer babies you might want to invest in designer parents as well :) Oh man, I can't wait to go to jail and/or be deleted when I reincarnate with pirated DNA. I was told this was the reason people study math, and companies hire those people: "If you can get a degree in math, you prove yourself to be intelligent and hard working. Companies like those kind of people." Have you tried Modafinil? It didn't make me smarter, but it made me very persistent (to the point of missing sleep). Obviously not ideal, but a step in the right direction imo. Do you have a blog or something? You could arrange something in person, but you'd probably better bring those machines that check for fake money. Yes indeed! I thought it was a more effective use than the COMING SOON text i had for the previous 5 years. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Denationalization_of_Money > According to Hayek, instead of a national government issuing a specific currency, use of which is imposed on all members of its economy by force in the form of legal tender laws, private businesses should be allowed to issue their own forms of money, deciding how to do so on their own. > In 1978 Hayek published a revised and enlarged edition entitled Denationalization of Money: The Argument Refined, where he speculated that rather than entertaining an unmanageable number of currencies, markets would converge on one or only a limited number of monetary standards, on which institutions would base the issue of their notes.[2] Sorry to post this here, couldn't find contact info in your profile. You used to code, what do you do now? You used the word geek in a way that sounds like you don't identify with that label, so that made me curious. Then we need a bigger nerd to make a nice UI for it. Why the downvotes? Give some feedback, yo. I'm currently transitioning out of being a geek, that's why I was asking. Effective, in the sense of it benefits me and/or others :) My placeholder text did neither, my new business does both. lol. i just wish mine would put departure times on the website... I can highly recommend All Japanese All The Time http://ajatt.com/ The author Khatzumoto taught himself Japanese in 18 months "by having fun", and then got a job in Japan (at Sony iirc). He then went on to use the same method to learn Chinese. If you can get through the website's navigation, and scroll through the occasional incoherent rambling, there is solid gold advice throughout :) Good luck! ps. While the site focuses on Japanese, the advice translates to learning any language. Plus there is advice and resources specifically for Chinese :) Could you please explain how the ability to navigate 3D world influences our general cognitive capabilities? Ahh, thanks, I hadn't thought of that! That would explain a lot. See also: once a metric becomes known, it ceases to be reliable. I would hire all of them. That's a good point and something the article doesn't mention: creating a stable colony off planet effectively cuts in half our risk of extinction due to impacts, supervolcanoes / god knows what horrors. Well, in order to live well together, people do need to remain alive. There's an argument for creating off-world colonies to reduce the chance of human extinction by any one catastrophe (asteroid impacts, supervolcanoes etc). I definitely think it's important to learn to coexist with our fellow humans, as well as other life forms, here on earth, but / and it will be hard to do that if we all catch fire and die. One hundred and twenty two chapters :o Oh right. The chance of two simultaneous catastrophic events is ... the chance of one multiplied by itself, not by two! How do you do it? COMPUTERMAGIC 500 lines or fewer ;) ...500 code or less? You said it, brother! Why, though? (Unless, by any chance, you mean pills for enhancing gut flora? :) >You may be amazed to hear it, but during this panel session I genuinely did not feel affronted or discriminated by the moderator’s behavior. It seemed more amusing to see him try posing a question in a way that at the same time tried answering it. It’s true that this made the question a bit of a moving target for me (and therefore harder to address coherently), but I don’t a-priori assume that the incident was rooted in sexism. Maybe I’m too naive, but I simply gave him the benefit of doubt that he was so excited by the newly-learned idea of the duality that he couldn’t resist, and that the same might have occurred had the panelist been a male instead of me. So it didn’t bother me. ... > Please understand that I’m not trying to say that sexism in science is a myth. It is real and we should all aspire to diminish it. But I am trying to say that it need not pose as much of an impediment as you might fear and that you might be in more control over its influence yourself than you might think. Just as you put up with long lines to see a great show, or with sore feet or mosquitos to have a great hike etc., the annoyance of otherwise abominable behavior diminishes in the larger perspective of doing something you really enjoy. > You may be amazed to hear it, but during this panel session I genuinely did not feel affronted or discriminated by the moderator’s behavior. It seemed more amusing to see him try posing a question in a way that at the same time tried answering it. It’s true that this made the question a bit of a moving target for me (and therefore harder to address coherently), but I don’t a-priori assume that the incident was rooted in sexism. Maybe I’m too naive, but I simply gave him the benefit of doubt that he was so excited by the newly-learned idea of the duality that he couldn’t resist, and that the same might have occurred had the panelist been a male instead of me. So it didn’t bother me. ... > Please understand that I’m not trying to say that sexism in science is a myth. It is real and we should all aspire to diminish it. But I am trying to say that it need not pose as much of an impediment as you might fear and that you might be in more control over its influence yourself than you might think. Just as you put up with long lines to see a great show, or with sore feet or mosquitos to have a great hike etc., the annoyance of otherwise abominable behavior diminishes in the larger perspective of doing something you really enjoy. https://web.facebook.com/marilee.talkington/posts/1015505138... Having done both, it certainly feels true. I can't speak for my liver, though. > A very high-profile paper was published in BMJ on 2017-06-06: Moderate alcohol consumption as risk factor for adverse brain outcomes and cognitive decline: longitudinal cohort study by Anya Topiwala et al. > The authors had a golden opportunity to estimate the dose-response relationship between amount of alcohol consumed and quantitative brain changes. Instead the authors squandered the data by doing analyzes that either assumed that responses are linear in alcohol consumption or worse, by splitting consumption into 6 heterogeneous intervals when in fact consumption was shown in their Figure 3 to have a nice continuous distribution. > How much more informative (and statistically powerful) it would have been to fit a quadratic or a restricted cubic spline function to consumption to estimate the continuous dose-response curve. Article: http://www.fharrell.com/2017/04/statistical-errors-in-medica... Study: http://www.bmj.com/content/357/bmj.j2353 PDF: http://www.bmj.com/content/bmj/357/bmj.j2353.full.pdf Link to the study: http://www.bmj.com/content/357/bmj.j2353 PDF: http://www.bmj.com/content/bmj/357/bmj.j2353.full.pdf Criticism by Frank Harrell: > A very high-profile paper was published in BMJ on 2017-06-06: Moderate alcohol consumption as risk factor for adverse brain outcomes and cognitive decline: longitudinal cohort study by Anya Topiwala et al. > The authors had a golden opportunity to estimate the dose-response relationship between amount of alcohol consumed and quantitative brain changes. Instead the authors squandered the data by doing analyzes that either assumed that responses are linear in alcohol consumption or worse, by splitting consumption into 6 heterogeneous intervals when in fact consumption was shown in their Figure 3 to have a nice continuous distribution. > How much more informative (and statistically powerful) it would have been to fit a quadratic or a restricted cubic spline function to consumption to estimate the continuous dose-response curve. Article: http://www.fharrell.com/2017/04/statistical-errors-in-medica... . What kind of things are you imagining people would get done with such a limitation? Recently I was using an expensive mobile connection and I discovered w3m, a text based browser (runs in the terminal). I was amazed at how much faster everything worked. Most of the sites were still perfectly usable (w3m has pretty good HTML rendering) but some were very difficult to navigate. My point is, without JS and CSS, the web is just... text. And when you browse with w3m you realize, that actually the web has always been text. It can be quite refreshing to get all the decorative crap out of the way. -- edit: I now see you didn't say to remove JS, but to challenge yourself to see how much you can make in a tiny amount of JS. Such competitions exist! web pages https://a-k-apart.com/ java games http://www.java4k.com/ > Privacy advocates and privacy caring IT specialists have repeatedly asked Apple to offer such an option, but so far Apple has decided that regular people would turn such an option on, forget their password, then ask Apple for help and would be unhappy with their brand experience if Apple could not help them out. From Darthy's comment 30 minutes ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14513803 haha. nice Unfortunately, no. But thanks for sharing that, that's really cool! Now if only that worked with relationships... What I'd really like to know is what a comprehensive security solution looks like these days. So feel free to include things like password manager, backups, paper backups, backups stored with friends, hardware tokens, etc! On the 1st of June, President Donald Trump decided to withdraw the United States from the Paris agreement, which gathered more than 190 countries united against climate change. This decision is unfortunate but it only reinforced our determination. Don’t let it weaken yours. We are ONE planet and Together, we can make a difference. France has always led fights for human rights. Today, more than ever, we are determined to lead (and win!) this battle on climate change. Emmanuel Macron, President of France. After clicking through several pages of sign-up form: >>> Your new homeland. There are more than 25,000 foreign companies operating in France, employing nearly two million people: What better endorsement could there be for the business environment of our country? In 2016, France stood out as one of the leading countries in Europe, attracting 1,117 new job-creating foreign investment decisions – up 16% from the previous year. France was also the leading country for foreign manufacturing investments during that year. [...] Leading French companies in cleantech and energy include Air Liquide, EDF, Engie, Saint Gobain, Schneider Electric and Veolia. Multinational companies, such as General Electric and Siemens, have chosen France to develop their global resource centers in renewable energies or durable transportation systems, or Cisco, with its smart and durable city projects. More than ever, France enjoys unique structural strengths that make it one of the most competitive countries in Europe for science and innovation: 2nd European economy, most dynamic European country in terms of demography, a productive, well-educated and well-trained workforce, most attractive R&D intensity level in Europe, unique central position, high levels of infrastructure, a thriving French Tech ecosystem (with more than 10,000 startups and the largest campus – Station F – in the world), solid financial environment, favorable lifestyle environment, etc. Background from the Fractint website: http://www.nahee.com/spanky/www/fractint/stone_soup.html To clarify for anyone who isn't convinced: Not dying should be the first on that list, for obvious reasons, and becoming multi-planetary reduces the chance of (all the) humans dying exponentially for each planet colonized. Thanks for sharing your system! I'd like to give you some HN formatting tips, if I may: Add two new lines for a new line. Otherwise the formatter will put your text on the same line (eg. with your list of files, it looks like one big filename now) italics work by putting asterisks (*) around the word or phrase. Though maybe you meant to use underscores in this case :) Best wishes! Eh, still worth it if you ask me :) A thin black bar that occasionally appears with no context is pretty information-sparse imo. So, now you've shifted the privacy issue from your own ISP to DO's ISP (and indeed DO)? Now two entities can see everything you're doing! This man is bad and he should feel bad. In this case it doesn't even come from hatred, but from ignorance. It's not in Samsung's self interest to give all its employees cancer, for example, for many reasons. But it happens as a result of ignorance. Downvoted because I prefer to think that my life is purely the result of circumstances I cannot control so I don't have to take responsibility for it. /s Makes sense! Like when your neighbor leaves their door unlocked and you steal all their stuff just in case. Isn't that how encryption works? (Asking as noob) That's an interesting perspective. It made me realize, I don't like admitting I screwed up, if I can fix it before anyone finds out! Hmm, sounds like you need a deterministic password weakener! I'd like to see that list, please! I can't access the research, but I was wondering if they tested on mostly men or if there was a decent size female group as well, and if they found any difference between men and women in this regard. I wonder how the people who are currently homeless would have ended up, if they were born in tribal times? Isn't one of the main benefits of VPNs sharing the IP with many other people? Reminds me of XKCD 1119, "Undoing" https://xkcd.com/1119/ [serious] wasn't the Internet basically invented to support critical military infrastructure? Or do their have their own parallel thing? You missed the opportunity to say "keeping our OPSEC and PERSEC up to spec" :) That's quite nice actually! Here's what HN looks like in w3m with GlassTTY http://i.imgur.com/3Mq6omo.png Roskomnadzor Ros - Russian kom - communications nadzor - supervision/surveillance I was about to post: > Add, "#! /usr/bin/python" to the top of your scripts, it will make your life easier. However, after reading the rest of the thread, it seems Python and similar langs are not actually great for the kind of things people use Bash for, and Perl is the way to go! Great, another language to learn... edit, re: python: fiatjaf suggested xon.sh: "shell language and command prompt [..] based on Python, with additional syntax added that makes calling subprocess commands, manipulating the environment, and dealing with the file system easy. http://xon.sh/tutorial > The source of the problem on the Yorktown was that bad data was fed into an application running on one of the 16 computers on the LAN. The data contained a zero where it shouldn't have, and when the software attempted to divide by zero, a buffer overrun occurred – crashing the entire network and causing the ship to lose control of its propulsion system. Wasn't there some news of NSA etc intercepting shipments and doing exactly that? Needle-less? :) Do we make our own destiny, or does our destiny make us? But how am I supposed to know what to buy! Sorry if I'm killing a joke or something, but could you please clarify? I've just gone through the rules, what was your issue with this comment? In what way do you see it as trolling? Haha, I'd pay for that! This. Provided, however, that the key is literally random (not pseudorandom), and never reused. Consider steganography. Every Facebook user, ten years in the future? Seriously though, that does seem to be the direction things are headed. That's a very interesting expectation! What makes you confident in that? I had to stop myself. The power of habit is strong! Not with that attitude! I vote for them all to be called Writey McWriterson. I expect that a couple years from now, this viewpoint (and most of this thread!) will be seen as really offensive. It does? How does DNS work? Trying to figure out why you were downvoted. Was it the positivity? The exclamation marks? The lack of pretending to contribute to the conversation? After reading this, I am wondering why anyone would want to do that! How so? I was merely puzzled that my favorite comment was downvoted to the bottom of the thread! I am sure the author (who appeared in the discussion here) would have appreciated the positive feedback. Are you suggesting it would have been better to contact the author directly? It also uses p5! I'm surprised no one mentioned meditation yet! A regular meditation practice helps with impulse control (sitting still for X minutes requires exercising self control) and that will help with resisting the urge to do tasks which are immediately gratifying, which will free up time and energy for activities which lead to long term growth. Two things really helped me with meditation: setting a timer, and meditating every day. Insight Timer (not affiliated) helped with both of these, keeping track of how many days in a row you've meditated, and allows you to set daily reminders. There are also guided meditations available (in the app or YouTube if you prefer) if you are just starting out. Best wishes! How's this different from priority shipping for example? Tool-assisted job hunting! Have you tried using a spaced repetition system? Sometimes it takes the brain a couple exposures until you "get" it. Otherwise you might think of ways to make the learning more engaging or stimulating: if you can present the same information in a different way, that might work better :) In case anyone feels like doing something like that, this talk is worth a listen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQ2OZKitRwc A talk on how Tor users got caught. In a nutshell: it wasn't Tor's fault, but bad OPSEC on the part of the users. Translated to English: 1: https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=y&pr... 2: https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&sl=da&tl=en&u=h... Indeed, I fail to see the distinction. Perhaps "hackers" have some kind of mythical superpowers in the eyes of the common folk. "There was nothing I could do boss! He's a hacker!" Conversely, the person who set it to adminadmin probably thought they were doing a great job. Easier than natural languages for anyone French :) How come they won't open? Yeah, I had the same thought a few days ago when I got this: {lWfcM@Ko|u?;=hcYZr > Error! > The password is too weak. A good password must contain at least one digit, one uppercase and one lowercase letter. Their requirements actually reduce the entropy here haha They're explaining the technology they're using, which makes it sound like they don't know who they're marketing to. The average person isn't going to care about the stack, and the people who do care might not see the point in paying the price of a Raspberry Pi every month to run a Raspberry Pi. Then again, if it saves a lot of people just a little bit of trouble, there's a lot of potential there. There's a lot of services that are like "dude I could have made that in a week!" but humans are lazy, and developers seem to be especially lazy, and many will happily pay for a pre-configured / hosted solution that "just works". :) This looks promising! I'm a bit unclear on who the target audience is though. Techies? Regular folks? Techies who want to secure their loved ones? Are you trying to take out the hassle of configuring Pi Hole on a VPS, or to create an easy solution for the average person? It seems like the former to me, so just making sure that you're aware that's how the site comes across. If you can afford it I would get a professional designer to take a look at the site. It looks pretty good but it's a little bit "off", rough around the edges somehow. If you're targeting tech people it won't matter as much, but still, first impressions are important. Best wishes :) Cutting down on education in prisons seems to me like the exact opposite of what they should be doing. Yeah I've seen a lot of sites that explicitly state that, as well as in their robots.txt All robots forbidden, except googlebot Does freezing kill bacteria? In school we were warned to always let a chicken fully defrost before cooking it, otherwise the center doesn't cook properly and salmonella (which presumably survived being frozen) will survive the cooking. “Now I’m an expert in how to clean sponges,” said Dr. Egert, who wants to compare disinfection methods in a follow-up study. “I’m waiting for the sponge industry to call me.” :( Hi Andrew! I've used PIA for a few years now. I'm very happy with it. There's just one thing that's kind of a deal breaker. I recently switched to Mac and the Mac PIA Client is quite far behind the Windows, Android and iOS versions. I'll list all my issues together here: Major issues - slow to start - slow to connect (often tries forever). This is my biggest issue. On other platforms (or connecting directly with the built in Mac vpn function) it takes like 2-3 seconds. With the Mac client it takes many times longer. There's also no feedback about what stage the connection is in, unlike on every other OS. - doesn't reconnect if network changes, so internet just stops working Minor issues - can't see pings for servers - not as sexy as Windows client I switched to using the built in Mac VPN feature to connect which is much faster, but occasionally stops working altogether for 20-30 minutes. So right now I don't have a good reliable VPN solution. Hope this feedback helps! Thanks again, andai Oh, I didnt get that, would have been nice. > Observed effects include [...] sexual excitement, depending on the precise frequency used I gotta get me one of these How come? Yeah, for the past five years I've been like, "Oh look, Tesla! Aww. Oh look, Tesla! Aww." The secret tunnels are much deeper. Where / how is it legal? Could you please clarify? Could you recommend any software for mirroring websites? I've been using scdl and ytdl lately to backup some SoundCloud stuff since it looks like their future is very uncertain. Includes its own embedded Java 8 JRE. Does anyone know if there are any lightweight alternatives to Electron in the works? Or if such an idea even makes sense? Wow that's neat, thanks for sharing! "John Carmack explains why it's faster to send a packet to europe than a pixel to your screen" https://www.geek.com/chips/john-carmack-explains-why-its-fas... Sounds like something the mafia would say! Could you share any links on this? Sounds interesting. Beehive = Nature Anthill = Nature City = Somehow magically separate from nature I think it was originally because of God, and now it's just inertia. wow! There's definitely some stars in there :) http://i.imgur.com/undefined.jpg I'd like to see what you can come up with doing this on the original file! ayy bb u wan sum penis? Re: holy shit has that idea ever been explored? Giant lens / mirror array in space? Do you mean that there do not exist any energy sources which are renewable at the rate we require, or that using such sources at the current / future rate would still be irresponsible for some reason? AccessDenied Request has expired Home? The other day I had a random urge to Google why sea levels are actually rising, and I learned that it's not a result of melting ice. Melting ice and rising sea levels are both the result of rising temperatures. The sea absorbs the heat and expands. However, the loss of ice does accelerate the warming because less light is reflected from the earth. And are at odds with greed / desire for comfort and luxury. I saw something on TV a few years ago about a project to make boats which would spray a fine mist high into the atmosphere, ie. create artificial clouds to reduce the heating of the earth. I think trees stole your idea about 400 million years ago. "The future is already here — it's just not very evenly distributed." William Gibson The space based sunglasses would shield the entire earth. I think it would be more difficult to get millions of square kilometers of solar panels evenly distributed. It might be! lifeisstillgood 16 hours ago I remember a quote from a US geo-engineer to the effect of "half of my job is not to come up with geo-engineering solutions that will be used, but to show people that plan B is soooo extreme that they start taking plan A much more seriously" Citation needed I know but it has stuck with me To be honest if you're making minimum wage in the USA, you are also way ahead of the curve for most people on the planet. But yeah, people in this thread are doing a bit better than most people in America! I heard the other day that 2/3 to 3/4 of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck and could not afford an unplanned $500 expense. What was done about the same issue in agriculture? Was the soil replaced? Edit: Now I'm wondering (and doubtful) if the same precautions were taken in the rest of Europe. > However, that also threatens the walled gardens' revenue streams. However? Don't you mean, "as an added benefit"? >> Twenty years ago, you expected a phone to be provided everywhere you went, and that phone worked the same everywhere. At a friend's house, or a restaurant, or a hotel, or a pay phone, you could pick up the receiver and make a call. You didn't carry a phone around with you; phones were part of the infrastructure. Computers, well, that was a different story. As laptops came in, people started carrying computers around with them everywhere. The reason was to have the state stored on the computer, not the computer itself. You carry around a computer so you can access its disk. In summary, it used to be that phones worked without you having to carry them around, but computers only worked if you did carry one around with you. The solution to this inconsistency was to break the way phones worked rather than fix the way computers work. http://i.imgur.com/eavekiX.png A few years ago they forbid apps on the Play Store from having background playback for YouTube, in anticipation of the release of YouTube Red, which would offer it as a paid feature. Still waiting. I'd argue along the same lines as a dead comment here: the student's mistake (well, beyond not contacting them to report the issue) was using the FCC's official letterhead to create an embarrassing document and uploading it to their official website and posting it on social media. That's pretty much a "fuck you" and not a great way to start a conversation. Wow thanks for sharing that! mirror http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:BQuOzx7... Oh neat, thank you! SEO is largely about understanding how people think and phrase their questions. If you're ever going to write something and want other people to read it, they typically have to find it first. Even if the person has already found your project or your docs, following SEO principles will make them easier to navigate. Here I'm referring to the "stuff people type into search boxes" aspect of SEO, not the "dirty tricks" aspect. I guess they should have done an AND instead of an OR? Right now it's "Every Programmer Combined Should Know" I think you meant to post in a different thread? I thought fragmentation was a non-issue on solid state storage? The iPhone shall remain hydrated for your satisfaction.