D=100 * T=0 = 0 D=100 * T=1 = 100 D=100 * T=3 = 300 T=100 * D=0 = 0 T=100 * D=1 = 100 T=100 * D=3 = 300 I am almost positive most people who will give you money (who are smart; people who do their research) will prefer you're at D=100. If you have a prototype and need more money then sure, you can have a higher T, but you still should be able to be doing work while you wait; Likely why many smart investors want the founder(s) to be the engineering team so they're not reliant on money to get things done. +GooglePlus stole it Visual candy for the world that people didn't know they wanted - but want. +1 I think I need to swear more It keeps competitors out. Many governments do this. Keeps jobs and profits local, for the most part. I'm launching a blog platform called PressWord - want to be an advisor? What kind of job are you looking for, would make you happy? PayPal is just as likely to hold funds for 6+ months if you're not selling a product if using "Buy Now." You should only do heavy personalization once you're more sure that everything is in a layout that it will need to be. With the projects I'm working on even the smallest new information or feature being added to a page could totally change what the best functional layout and look is. With my own projects I've done hundreads of fairly drastic layout shifts - they are evolutions from ideas and eureka moments. Frameworks should be used to play around with the look to feel how the UX would be. It will be very difficult to determine full effects of design until you have substantial traffic and are able to cohort testing though, though a good designer will have this as an intuitive nature. Having data such as that click/cursor heatmaps divided into power users, first time visitors, etc. is invaluable as well for testing use-theories. Cute. But I would like to see a dynamically updating breakdown of all countries, for comparison, of all this data. Sadly, what governments publish may not be factual. I think the issue is initially when things were being invented there was a general lack of understanding of things. When car manufacturers first discovered how to bind metal to rubber (think tires), they didn't even patent it. There wasn't enough knowledge or skilled people to do the experimentation needed. They didn't want to patent it at that point they would just be teaching competition how to do it and within X number of years lose their advantage, and a minor variation in the process could allow them to compete anyway. And what is the difference between discovery and invention? Anything science related is discovery. Worse, money only goes into research that has a high level of profit potential, meaning that only if it can be patented. This structure is very detrimental to all societies. Who knows how many times things that could be very beneficial to society never see the light of day. And if there is something so beneficial to society that is discovered then the cost skyrockets giving companies huge profits. Even worse, what if something is found to totally eliminate a disease but isn't patentable? The company surely isn't going to release that information if it's in an area they're trying to generate profits. On top of that the low-profit-margin solution will have to fight the big-profit companies marketing campaigns directly or indirectly against them. That is totally the opposite behaviour behind the point of innovation and capitalism. The purpose of capitalism is to drive innovation, and the point of innovation is to reduce costs to zero, so then those savings can be past onto increasing innovation in other needed areas; Currently those profits are used to further research of other profit-potential patentable drugs. Thankfully we have universities but even those people resources and their efforts are driven much of the time by big companies looking for profitable options. Discovery and innovation should be rewarded by society, however preventing others from easily furthering an innovation or using it in further inventions causes a huge delay (and potentially even permanently) to People fear monger and say innovation won't happen if you can't have patents, which I don't believe to be true. One of the main keys is you need education systems in place, and we have those. I'm not planning to do anything for NYE myself. I don't particularly even want to be around my family as that can really be not fun at all, further isolation is actually a better option out of those two. I wonder how much lobbying hotels did to push this through. This doesn't address getting investment, nor finding a technical co-founder. You don't mention how much personal money they are bootstrapping or have access to either. I've been doing this a long while now and after bootstrapping and making mistakes, I am seemingly still not near being able to do what I want (either through getting investment or finding a technical co-founder). Steal your shoes. "Often this kind of student never makes it to the end. He flunks himself by dropping out. He ends on a soda fountain or doing yard work, but all the time reading and studying because a good mind is always hungry. Now one of the things about Lisp, and I've seen it before, is that Lisp is a real magnet for this kind of mind. Once you understand that, and see that it is this kind of mind that has contributed a lot to the culture of Lisp, you begin to see why Lisp is, like many of its proponents, a brilliant failure. It shares the peculiar strengths and weaknesses of the brilliant bipolar mind (BBM). Why is this? Well, its partly to do with vision. The 'vision thing' as George Bush Snr. once described it, is really one of the strengths of the BBM. He can see far; further than in fact his strength allows him to travel. He conceives of brilliant ambitious projects requiring great resources, and he embarks on them only to run out of steam. It's not that he's lazy; its just that his resources are insufficient." This stage in behaviour will eventually subside as we discover and experience the negative side-effects of such a facade of quality of life. Lack of activity and obesity, lack of education for allowing socializing and deep bonding, lack of real socializing and bonding / relationships with people; It keeps us in our heads, and not grounded - not connected. As Carlota Per sees it, we are heading towards a shift to wellness, and quality; Eliminating planned obsolescence, etc., and this will include more time for and with eachother. Figured this out too. I'm looking for a tech co-founder now so then I can continue.. Very much agree. I am planning to do a blog post that will touch on the idea that what investors promote as "the only way" is purely promoting and reenforcing a schema that's purely to their benefit. For me this had set very unhealthy psychological boundaries and pressures to work within. There are completely different ways though, as you state with your friend who slowly grew his venture over a couple of years. That high pressure path is addictive to many though, as you mentioned. I am okay with the slower path now - it's still a struggle but I'm currently hoping I can arrange my life to have the support I need to get me through the time and finance it on my own as I go, and perhaps smaller levels of investment from the local community. It's just not worth killing yourself over (literally or not), and you know, you still might just get lucky - it might just happen you get an opportunity for a large investment down the road. I have to assume it's based on having experience or not. If you don't have experience and had the opportunity to make mistakes then you have to make those mistakes, and they will have cost to them. Personality and feeling matter. The true issue which is ignored is that diversity in crops must be maintained. Monsanto wouldn't want this to be a topic though because that would be contrary to their goals; Diversity means hundreads if not thousands of variations in neighbouring crops, not just one or a few. If society supports the smaller farmers, in case their crop is hit that year, then they can survive financially / pay bills. This is in fact the safest way to do it. Thanks for sharing to remind us all. A non-compete for a minimum of X years clause might have helped the sting a bit. It's pushed and promoted as what you need to do in order to get investment because VCs feel there's less risk that way. I guess the alternative is you don't get your product built. Fetch Merge Commit Push -- I love this - thank you for sharing. I think this should be taken to Reddit to get PayPal to change their ways, and/or fundraise money to sue PayPal to change this practice. I would ask for proof of their 'reasonable belief' that it was counterfeit; If they don't provide, sue them for breaking TOS. "Antidepressants may prime the adult brain to rewire faulty circuits during therapy." Considered faulty circuits because stimuli was repeatedly presented with pain/an electric shock? This article also doesn't tell us why it's seemingly plastic. Also, it was only once the mice were removed the painful environment that ... so how about just remove people from a negative environment? What happens to the mice if you put them on Prozac, and the pain is still there? Do they learn to fear it even greater/stronger? Try this with MDMA along with therapy and you'll desensitize the mice/people too; http://www.maps.org/mdma/protocol/ Your basing your thoughts on the perception that 'yoga is gentle and easy.' This is farther from the truth: There is a spectrum. Most yoga people actually start out with are the more vigorous forms. Starting on your own is a generally a bad idea, unless you have a friend who is experienced and can help you properly understand positioning. There's some very proper positioning you need to know to avoid injury, or creating weakness / going farther than you should initially, and everyone's body is different. There is no one book that will not have excess information than what a beginner needs to know. It's very different when you have completely different environments (eg: contexts) to pull your mind into a different mode. Your mind will very quickly switch. Like most starting up multiple startups though you have one space where you work, and therefore you need to figure out other queues to create context for what you're working on - and try to eliminate other distractions from unrelated things. This is very hard for me, which is why the alternative is to work on only 1 project. Of course life itself includes more than 1 project. Logo suggestion: The 'f' in the font you're using can very easily be mistaken for a T From his listed skills he clearly can find a job, it's a matter of finding a job you want to work at with a culture that will let you enjoy the life you live. You have that option when you are in high demand. I still have huge cognitive dissonance regarding this. Get happiness from the people you find who support you with your passion. 'Not being public' is an 'exclusivity club' ploy to make new members want to join and be apart of the fun.. The Winklevoss Brothers' idea of exclusivity for Harvar / .edu emails helped Facebook similarly with initial growth. ~300 subscribers without much labor from you anymore isn't working well? Edit: Checking out the website, from a sales funnel / marketing perspective, there are many things you could do to increase the sales just from the current traffic you're receiving - and would likely reduce the new customer acquisition cost from $60. Edit2: Other things can be done to reduce churn rate as well. Well, there are plenty of things you can do if you understand nuances of marketing - just with the design, sales copy (text on the page), and other marketing pieces. You have a good start. And really I'm jealous of what you've accomplished so far. You could make this 10 times bigger with little effort, and time. I think Rupert Murdoch has been called much worse. Feel like science-fiction to anyone else? Re: Secretaries - Or hiring their partner to be their secretary, although the partnership likely makes sense if they get along that well (co-founders in a way) Have you made a final decision on no-nested comments/replying? There are some comments related to adding nesting as a feature, as you can even see with your own comment reply here- it's useful and pretty much a necessity these days to make sense of conversation. I was wondering when something like this would be made. Thanks. Hope lots of people contribute. You want dirty toilets? That's not very inviting or pleasant.. I'm glad you brought this up. It can be unhelpful/damaging to tell someone "this is the way." It could cause cognitive dissonance, confusion, and conflict for many between one's own previous experiences of what they are currently capable with and what is being stated they are required to do to be successful. I go through this very often. The latest being the push that's going to around, mainly that VCs and incubators perpetuated, that you need to find technical co-founders. This mainstream idea is promoted because it reduces the risk for those who will profit/benefit from reduced risk in their investments. Likewise, people who are, as you call them, hyperproductive, will probably have more successes from having more experiences and also be the personality to be vocal of their methods and will have more experience and success to be vocal about. Throw charges at everyone and see what sticks? Plus, they can try to leverage them to plea against their main targets / give evidence against them. That doesn't mean you'll know the nuances of the situation if you've not done VC raising before. Nuances and confidence come from previous successful experiences. To bring this back to the article - of course a VC would prefer someone who has experience, and who of course will be easier to talk to then. It looks to be more closely aligned with if people know how to execute or how much experience they have with doing so, taking and processing information. Personally, I'm not good processing information and acting on it quickly - some of it, sure, but it takes time for certain types of information to sit. Sometimes I'm sure I overthink what needs to be done, instead of just initiating and playing off of what happens. Similar questions should be raised regarding all other companies boasting their engagement rates. Hit a site with Facebook widhets and comments? Do they consider that engagement? shrug Would 'asking for advice' not be contrued as 'hand-holding' then - as it's not something you take and immediately run with? I personally don't see anything wrong with it, but I'm guessing the VC and entrepreneurs aren't aligned in expectations in that instance then. I just looked up more for those interested - here's a book for the general public on the subject: http://www.chapters.indigo.ca/home/search/?keywords=Get%20ou... I'd like to ask what size your goals are, in order for you to have met all of them? Are they the size of "I will send this email today" or larger which include more micro-management? I think a better way to look at it is that life is full of challenge. You can either learn how to get comfortable dealing with certain challenges and stick to those, or dig into new territory. If you're comfortable with the challenges you expose yourself to on a regular basis then it really wouldn't be difficult - sadly for me, I get bored easily and so far I've not found a way to stick to doing the same for very long. Perhaps can be argued better storytelling can take place in person, whether via education or live performances - however storytelling in person is an artform, much like proper education is. Great for consumers, deadly for certain businesses' profits. Thanks for the morning laugh. :) Wow. Mindblowing censorship. And I imagine if someone produces such content INSIDE of the U.S. then they'll somehow disappear / be put in jail / have their content blocked / removed / be forced to shutdown? My first go at my projects I was hoping to create MVPs initially, though I realize what I created fell short of MVPs, and therefore I call being at the prototype stage. I'm not sure anyone can truly know for sure what a MVP will look like, as there are too many insights that you can learn as you're building a product. The way I validated my ideas, instead of a landing page, was simply asking the people who would be users and getting feedback on the features and function. This replaced the need of having a landing page. I then created a prototype, which I had hoped would be enough for an MVP, though you gain insights while developing that you couldn't see otherwise - and realized it wasn't enough for the user adoption and usability level required. "the strongest leaders were best characterised by dominance" I think this too can be viewed as the strongest leaders are best characterized by being able to maintain control / manage a situation toward a required direction; It's of course easier to do this if you want to be domineering, so that would create a statistic that shows more 'strongest leaders' as those who are domineering, merely because it's the easier way to do something - but takes much less and skill and nuanced behaviour and understanding. Lean startup and MVP movements only function if you have someone in control with a clear vision and understanding of what will / needs to be created, and who can defend what the MVP features need to be. If you don't understand the metrics and why they exist then you'll have no idea why your product didn't take off - and that seems too risky to spend your time, energy, money on - if you don't the strong understanding of what must be missing. An MVP in this sense really is just a real product with a minimal set of features. :) Cool, thanks. I've recently aligned my goals at the same depth as the ones you stated - and it takes a lot of the pressure off, and enough pressure to direct my behaviour toward working towards those goals. You don't accomplish this change in people by saying things are fine - you act and do things that show you and the company is strong. That's the only way people will change their feelings. And you better be truthful when promoting your enthusiasm or it'll come back to bite you.. Perhaps they need to add alternate-keywords so if you search for a word but other word is more commonly used to describe a similar action? :) "Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan ‘Press On’ has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race." — Calvin Coolidge Does anyone really do anything assuming the idea will fail though? Unless of course it's an experiment where the outcome doesn't matter - taken as a form of education. It takes persistance foremost. For myself, I knew there were risks though I would continue to find ways to reduce risk - whether it was problem solving and planning, figuring out what I needed to do next to reduce the risk. This required something at a lower base level than willing to take on risk. So what's more base than risk? Being able to manage yourself during a challenge, learning your own limits, what you are capable of - which takes self-awareness. The more I've learned myself over the years, my limits, the better I've become at self-regulating, and the better I know what I need to succeed. Any money I've spent so far I've considered an educational expense. Life's all about learning, and hopefully being able to find enjoyment and being able to help others hopefully find enjoyment, too. I disagree. You have to learn how to not be adverse to risk - it is something, a skill, you can learn. It is personal development, which could be argued is a lower base level skill. It's confidence related as well, and having confidence will help you be able to learn the 12 skills you listed. Indeed, you need persistance to learn where you are going, to learn how to execute and what it means to execute. :) This has nothing to do with "if you don't get SPYW" Search Plus Your World itself can change and evolve. All of this negative media is being perpetuated by Twitter and Facebook who are losing massive amounts of free traffic they used to get. If Twitter and Facebook want to be guaranteed to be in Google's results, then they should guarantee that Google/Google+, etc. show up in Twitter and Facebook's search, though that's probably not a very good deal for Google - and Facebook wouldn't do that because of their closed/controlled ecosystem, and Twitter wouldn't want that traffic leak either. I would point this to being hypocritical and just trying to stir up negative public opinion about the whole thing - because it's all Twitter/Facebook are able to do. Don't you think Google is tracking the effects of their changes? And they likely did small tests first too. They can still measure the user's experience and maybe it actually is providing results people care and benefit from just as much. The one important thing Bootstrap was missing was the responsive layout. I would hope we eventually start to put money towards prevention to reduce cancer to begin with. Prevention will always be less cost and less suffering. Probably because they have $96 billion in cash. Much cheaper ways to market yourself unless you're hoping to target entrepreneurs/startups. Fun domain to own.. what a waste. Wow. Perfect. It's the same thought of "It's execution that matters, not ideas" that rubs me the wrong way too -- a lot of VCs and successful entrepreneurs seem to promote this saying.. justifying (to themselves) of these less than ethical behaviours. I was hoping someone would develop something like this too. Free to use would be great, and the amount of traffic the tool would regularly get could create a substantial revenue stream from just a few small non-intrusive ads. For a good example of this, think Digg vs. Reddit A couple of years ago Digg did a 'drastic' design change and released all of the features at once, and a large amount of the users moved over to Reddit. The Digg design looked nicer, but the function and usability/ease of it changed.. Everyone has cancerous cells all the time, and the body is able to deal with them. The issue is when there is too much cancer at once or the body's healing systems aren't functioning well. Being proactive by keeping the body healthy, eating fresh food without chemicals, having clean air, doing fitness/yoga to have regular bloodflow and oxygen going through your system and mind will keep your body where it needs to be to better at killing off cancer cells -- a lot of other benefits too of course. I doubt this is a full and accurate analysis you're mentioning. Is it calculating productivity losses? What about emotional costs? Quality of life? Etc. etc. And at the same time - sure, if you just let people get sick and put a bandaid on them and get them out of system without actually being healthy - then I'm sure you can make it cheaper ... but not with the same results of health. I hope we use Genuine Progress Index (GPI) instead of GDP in the future. GPI takes into account more than just money spent and hard productivity. Yup - nice to find out the term was highjacked to mean something different. :) And those individuals will hopefully get honest reviews and their douchebaggary will be known to the world. I highly doubt many people will do this unless they don't care about their reputation, networking, etc.. And besides if they do develop a certain public reputation then no one will want to sit next to them. I think this idea is absolutely brilliant. It makes me even want to travel more. I love meeting people and have different interests I'd be happy to talk about for hours and hours with someone. You'll either learn new things, make contacts, or be teaching someone whereby you're strengthening your own understanding. It's win-win-win! If someone really wants to break in there are much easier ways.. Another point is that increased legal challenges will bog down a system, slow innovation, and increase costs due to having to pay lawyers AND reduced productivity. The reason people are so tense about sharing is because a) people aren't taken care of by default (which they should and can be), so there's fear associated with survival, b) and this causes us to not be as open to the idea of sharing, where everything belongs to everyone - where one's success is good for everyone else. He came from the future to try to prevent us from destroying our planet with pollution and global warming. No sense of humour here on HN? Luckily with software you can earn or raise more money to 'change your team' to then be fit for the playoffs. I can only assume it's mostly private transactions so far, and they're testing merchants with physical locations to see response, etc.. Youth doesn't automatically equate to the type of behaviour he portrayed. Acting a part, to fit a role, doesn't mean anything has been learned except how to be an inauthentic politician. I would think the affiliate programs would be the ones who would have an issue. No affiliate link to adding one costs them profits they wouldn't otherwise have to give away. What's Pinterest going to do if this option doesn't exist, remove the links? No.. they could change the display algorithm to display links with their affiliate code more often, but that may mess with quality of content and click-rates.. I imagine so as well, as to main copyright you need to show you're enforcing it. I was hoping there'd be a free version of this - though with a paid version you'll certainly get higher-quality options ---- but I can see free versions being useful enough, where there's not too much customization. Perhaps have a free section? It would be a good way to get free traffic which you can use to upsell to paid versions. Maybe shoot Codecademy a message mentioning this to them. :) "but then remembered that one of the interviewers told her that he'd looked her up online" Fine line relating to privacy there.. something perhaps to look into. Yup - you could likely link all kinds of demographic information based on who someone knows - including their likely location or locations. That would hurt the virality of their apps, and therefore not make their app ecosystem as useful (or as competitive, if competing with apps on other platforms). Not all businesses will have a viable freemium model, especially when you have a huge amount of competition in an area. I haven't seen ASCII art in so long. The nostalgia just made me perk up and giggle. First need to solve for hypochondria. :) Maybe they need a big button that says "Are you really worried right now?" and if you click it, tell you logical steps and routine you need to be following long-term for the results to "feel more normal" - otherwise to not use to self-diagnose. I think that would be the primary use case: Try to steal away someone purchasing one item for another similar or related. I'm doubting the stickiness on the benefit to those who are the ones who collect the 'wants' though. Sure, it might advertise their site for a bit (if Facebook chooses to include it in any users' feeds that is...) though otherwise Facebook will want to monetize that free exposure by putting paid-for-by-competitor ads (but really I don't think those 'Wants' will even show very often. I also see Facebook feeds becoming something familiar with Idiocracy - which has no appeal to me. This whole blog post should be posted to http://www.devsigh.com :) Sexy. Thanks - I was wondering this. :) Yeah. It seems if people are forced into doing something to be able to earn money that's enough incentive. It's a little silly, but maybe it allows them to better curate people / review applications? Google will implode, of course. Edit to add useful response: I imagine they should alert you to the conflict / prompt you to ask you if they should be removed from the one in order to be added to the other, or to cancel the action.. Do you understand that alternate options exist, and people can easily move to other services? Why? Because we can! Actually I believe they are attempting to create the proper science to accurately gauge/estimate things like happiness and the effects on productivity. $300 Billion isn't actually that much of an increase. Is it that hard to imagine that people being happier would increase productivity? France plans things pretty well in comparison (at least on outwardly views) compared to the US. I realize you said based on a typical government. There are negatives to a for-profit company doing things as well, where if something that could be developed would be beneficial to usefulness to users - but perhaps would hurt the profitable, then it likely wouldn't get implemented. Perhaps then only R&D would be put into things that would truly benefit all of society. The amount of thought and discussion that would go into each decision would be unprecedented. It could be controlled to allow competition of sorts, though less resources would be wasted by there being many times more duplication than necessary. Tip #1: Start yoga immediately (hot yoga preferably). Find a 30 or 40-day challenge, and start going every damn day. Even if it's the only thing you do in the day. I'd suggest Bikram to kick your ass into forcing you to letting go. The routine + regular space you create for yourself + endorphines and healing it will allow your body do will change your mindset within 1 month's time. This will create the space for you too, to do all of the little things that you felt like you couldn't get done. Maybe I should connect with people by bringing other founders to yoga classes. I'd actually love connecting with people that way. I'm living in Kingston (Ontario) right now, though planning to travel the next 3-4 months looking for technical + other people who we have a good rapport with to join me. Let me know if you're open for a visitor and to be dragged to some yoga. :) Tip #2: Therapy can help a lot, not medication-based, but talk based. In my opinion medications poison your mind and lessen your overall potential (not forgetting the hit and miss with finding one that 'works' for you, and realizing newer studies show they're not really any better than placebo for most people). And you can reach the same level of flow in life with proper support and doing things every day to take care of yourself. I've been seeing someone for over a year now, who's an Innerchild/Regression therapist - really just looking at how you react and feel in different situations and helping you release past things that you are suppressing and are holding you in a certain pattern. I'm unimaginably farther ahead in my self-awareness and balance than I was a year ago. Tip #3: Upverter looks fantastic. I'm jealous at how far along you are with it. I'm at least a year away from reaching the same place you're at with your company, with having a team, and product at the same place (and that's with some luck!). If you want some unsolicited design tips.. let me know. The tour I think would work better if you just put it all in a scrolly. I think you'd find you'll expose more people to all of the information (continuing to scroll is much easier than having to click around). Happy to see a fellow Canadian sharing on HN! I have a few more little design thoughts if you'd interested. Otherwise, you're on track - just start yoga - and let me know if you want me to visit and drag you the first few times. It's nice to have expectations set by someone who's been doing it 4 1/2+ years, and I also did a 200-hour Hatha yoga teacher training in the summer.. so I'm a little qualified to offer yogic advice. :) "I’m nontechnical" - your cofounder was technical then? Ah gotcha. "I’m nontechnical but happened to have two technical friends and roommates who both worked at startups." doesn't say that they joined you at the incubator. :) And yes, lucky indeed. I'm going to be traveling this summer some in hopes of finding one or multiple technical cofounders. Already have the idea well-planned out. They'll work, just need to get the tech cofounders so investors will even take a look. Hmm.. lies! :P I've actually not really had any luck finding any. I must be looking in the wrong places. Want to grab a tea/coffee? :) Cool. Sent. :) Let me know if you find it.. Without knowing the internal details it sounds like there's some fear locking out change-making decisions. There are a few metrics Pinterest has that others similar don't have. In no particular order, i) The name is a genius combination of the primary action, and the primary purpose behind it + it's highly brandable / memorable ii) The facade of exclusive club via requiring an Invite / being able to Request an Invite iii) They're scraping the web's content, and putting on their own site, thereby reducing / eliminating traffic leaks; I'm undecided if I think it's fair, something doesn't feel right about it - because where some may benefit from their content being copied (you could argue copied->stolen, and probably show damages), many more I believe will not benefit and those are merely feeding the Pinterest ecosystem. ... a few more that I understand but keeping to myself. :) Bootstrap keeps getting sexier and sexier. Thank you to everyone who's contributing. This bothers me too, perhaps it's romanticism, however I feel it's taking away from the authenticity of the process. VCs investing in a company are investing in the team. The team should be more than some technical folks. This situation makes me wonder how much of the ideas and direction came from the incubator, and how much came from the team - and who's specific vision, etc.. I don't know how far ahead, long-term thinking (re: strategy, future features, etc) could be figured out if ideas weren't solidified over a period of time. The depth of the ideas I don't think in most cases would go very far. From my own experiences putting time into development without first having a solid idea of what you're wanting to create ends up being a lot of extra development time. For myself, I have spent years evolving my ideas and now I'm very ready to find technical co-founders / core team members. I've been told by some very experienced and very wise folks that I have everything else figured out. Also, I don't see any company posting drafts of business plans. It would give away too much. I do always wonder where these 'other ideas' come from though. I would think people would keep their best ideas that they'd hope to be able to do someday, for themselves, and only share their secondary ideas that they'd never see themselves doing. I do see this being beneficial for incubators in being able to experiment with relatively minimum costs to them, though is this really going to yield big results for the team members or are they selling themselves short? "Upstart lets you raise capital in return for a small portion of your future income. So you can do what you were meant to do." Hm, I'm able to raise capital without Upstart.. and keep all portions of my future income. If your idea is good enough, planned out enough, and presentation is good - then all you need to do is talk to investors. I like how they're trying to be clever, though can't currently see how the service taking future income is justifiable. That's how I saw it, however I think the remaining ~$40 billion is sufficient to continue a dominant position in where they excel. Things only evolve so fast, and unless they were planning on extending into specializing into other markets, there's only so much money that can be spent in one area before you'll potentially extend yourself into other areas too much and dilute expertise/focus. Apple's brand can't dilute too much either, though there are some areas I can see them being able to excel in - but they might not have the total foresight or incentives needed to maintain dominance in those areas, as experts already exist in those fields and they'd be competing for human resources - they do have ~$40 billion left + will surely make many more billions to use however they please. Hopefully they are with you because they would enjoy working on the project and with eachother. If they just want money and a security net then they'll jump ship. Hopefully the community you create with your project is what they want though. Goodluck. :) I'm still trying to find great technical co-founders, and they'll be the type who I'd want to be able to be desired by Apple, Google, etc.. Get to a yoga class every day. That's your break away from the world, once per day. That's how I first broke the cycle - I wasn't giving any actual time to myself. Second part is if there are thoughts and feelings coming up you can't find a solution to yourself (eg: cognitive dissonance because of the results you see happening) then you need to talk to different people to get new perspectives that help you get through the cognitive dissonance. Easier said than done, but that process works for me when I am aware it's needed.. I agree the use case ulf suggested is more of a turn-off, and more used for trying to create a beneficial relationship through dishonest / manipulative means. Starbucks does the name-game in the best "automated" way as you can. Asking for your name to put on your drink, and then they repeat your name a bunch of times - which attempts to make people feel they have more of a connection. I don't like being reminded / told I'm wasteful with my decisions. Other people might be turned off by the insinuation too. my free 2 cents I'd see it as the keycode / directions / a path to connecting all of the pieces; At what level all of the pieces are stored at (biological/physical in brain, in subtle energies, other?), who knows? Sadly ideas aren't valued in the business world, only execution is promoted as the important part - so people trying to make profit can feel less guilty. If you want a comparison of how Facebook cares (or doesn't) overall, look at how they changed people's privacy settings multiple times without notification, and continue to make changes without users permission, etc.. I like this. Has potential. Good luck. :) They can also piggyback and associate themselves on Draw Something's success, and promote it amongst their own users - which they may have seen their some of their userbase switching over to Draw Something, a game they didn't own or control. What's the value of losing that mindshare? I guess potentially $200+ million. The most important part of being a big company when competing with other big companies is keeping mindshare. You need to stay relevant in people's minds. Google owning Android does this in a subtle but powerful way. This is why RIM is failing, or perhaps more so why there's a huge belief that RIM is failing - which will only then. RIM used to be mentioned all the time with people BBM'ing. They had a chance to continue to be relevant, though I am unsure if that time has passed; I've not had the time to determine if they still have a chance to recover and become dominant in people's minds again. The same convenience can exist on a different platform, that doesn't have the same abuse of its members/participants. So negotiate strongly on the cap - don't undersell yourself. Think bigger. Give your mind the opportunity to discover the path. It's for the users, to prevent a competitor from 'owning' them - Facebook could block the API, otherwise all of their competitors can still gain access to them. If Facebook does start to screw around with the API then they're destroying value to the consumer. It's really too bad Instagram sold so soon. I hope they took mostly money. Don't shy away from opportunity to teach. Just make sure you show it as a link, perhaps that means a simple popover explaining in simple terms what REST means. Beautiful. It's missing community integrations / anchors, though they will come with time. Trust for quality, and their userbase is okay with paying a premium. In a way, they are dumb if they don't try, though they might not want to dilute their brand, and there are potential risks. Plus, the payment game is changing so rapidly, it doesn't necessarily make sense to divert people's attention to it. Does this signal our perception of the universe is structured by the energy's surrounding us? We did evolve along with all of these energies. The human mind is malleable and dynamic, not fixed like a 24 FPS camera lens (I imagine most humans don't have a fixed framerate for incoming sensory) - I do wonder if other critters with less dynamic minds would fail to some kind of trick. I wonder too if it was this kind of dynamic ability that allowed us to disconnect from a fixed reality, thereby giving us contrast, the ability to analyze our surroundings, and therefore consciousness. It's likely more the method of energy generation for powering computers that is potentially (probably) contributing to pollution, which would be affecting global warming than the actual heat accounted for by CPUs.. With enough time you'll find so many more interesting things. :) I agree, I just hope we don't let quality of life and health here on Earth diminish more and more. Imagine if everyone was healthy, happy, and being as productive as they can be, doing what they enjoy most - imagine how much more energy could go into projects like these from productivity that won't be lost due to crime, too much turmoil from transition periods, etc.. Everyone would be able to on a daily basis have as much excitement as OP has. Exciting. Even if it costs $500 billion, or more, to create - if it's successful and you increase natural resources on Earth by $2 trillion + create a whole heck a lot of innovation in the process, it'll be a huge overall positive / success. Perhaps though this is all a coverup plan to visit a spaceship that crashed on the moon... It's a redflag for the stability of Facebook being able to maintain their dominance; A blog post I did related to this, http://mattamyers.tumblr.com/post/22070489398/re-how-twitter... Google's might be overvalued but I don't think so. They've had 10 years of search data to analyze and understand human behaviour. They're working on solving mass consumer real-life issues; Maps, Chrome, Self-driving cars, etc.. I chuckled. I imagine it’s likely used for tracking what links / tweets you were the originator of sharing? Perhaps in the future you coud have fun with that by associating certain content with people’s Twitter account names. Not sure what affect it would have though. :) I believe the value of a person to a society can come into account in rulings, mostly with non-violent offences. Had nothing to do with faddish idea. They dramatically changed the design and that killed it. There are underlying reasons why people are 'shy.' Shyness could just be being shy talking to girls or boys you're attracted to, it could be shy talking to anyone. It could be shyness that occurs when presenting. Shyness has a base of one having their guard up. Their energies will lock up, close off, and then it's difficult to impossible to use feeling to know you're safe (or not) in a situation. Figuring out what these guards are, allowing the thoughts that come up and feelings triggered that cause your guard to go up is the only way to let your guard start to come down and stay down when it doesn't need to be up; If you go on medications you could even further distance yourself from being able to connect to your inner-self (to your body and emotions, and 'intuitive' understanding that comes from that connection). Time/money. Getting patents early on is a large waste of resources, and then really causes your path to be fixed (re: "keep trying to implement that technology in products although it doesn't really solve anything"). I wrote a blog post about this ( http://mattamyers.tumblr.com/post/22070489398/re-how-twitter... ) which included a link to an article enttiled Instagram-scam? That can article can be found at http://www.donnaklinenow.com/investigation/instagram-scam We do, you just don't hear about it because "we're in it together" and it's not really anyone's specific money being stolen. And banks profit so much, it's just a small dent in their profits. And these security costs and investigation is paid by society, not the banks. Except for the market is changing. Not necessarily if you're using the same metrics as Pinterest's valuation.. I agree with all of these, except the issue is the bigger investment firms want their teams in one location for the core component pieces anyway. Not sure if this is because it makes a company more sellable later on, or to make sure people are actually working, etc.. This is what's taking me the longest time is finding / getting the core team together. Meanwhile I just keep planning and organizing more and more for when I finally have a team - it's all I can do with the only unlimited resource I have - my mind! Please don't sell to Facebook. You'll have more value being a de-centralized company. "Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree,… it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid." — Albert Einstein What really matters is how you treat people, not what you believe about them. If it's important you'll find another way to contact them. The logic behind using it to show if they fail or not doesn't work. The system that would identify if a message was sent would be tied into the messaging system; They should have this if it's possible, though they don't need to make the results known. The value of a billion people being connected is priceless. This ability isn't exclusive nor controlled nor owned by Facebook though, so allotting a value to Facebook based on this is bad idea. People are mobile online. The internet itself is the platform allowing this, not Facebook. They showed that there was a need to be filled, though aside from that, overall they aren't doing what's best for users/consumers/people. I'm sorry for the disappointment! Though, now I too would like to read a blog post on Bootstrapping (statistics) related somehow to tech startups... Interesting. :) I agree that you have to have something that people can invest in - something that has value - before it will get any money. chmike's question of how does YC do it then? It's based on talent, as he said. The people / founders with domain expertise / knowledge do have a certain value to them - and that is really what they're investing in. If you're an engineer, then your value to tech startups and investors is seen even more valuable. Of course. You're right. It's really about announcing the time, energy, sweat, effort, etc. you've put into it - and by announcing it I feel people in a way are celebrating it, that they are proud of it - which they should be. Because stock value, after you've gone to the pay window / sold the initial amount to make your investment money back and make money for founders, doesn't really matter to the founders / investors. They know that it's not tied to any real internal metrics. Stocks are a game. Game for the economy when people who don't understand are better high-risk and don't have a clue about internet evolutions / the cycles online. Facebook took advantage of that. Smart? Sure. Abusive? Yup - though they haven't shown much care for what they do to users/consumers anyway. Facebook's earnings are via a controlled ecosystem. You can't maintain higher profits that way. You can have short-term higher profits that way - just not maintain them. Pretty shitty. It comes across to me like they're trying to give a head-start to developers in the US; Not the best way to welcome the international developer community. I submitted another blog post of mine to HN a few days ago and it started started some conversation, so figured I'd make another go at it and see if I should more regularly post / see if what I write about is something HN is interested in. Good luck! It's not worth $108 billion, it never was - never will be. This was a scam. A Ponzi Pyramid Scheme. A cash-grab. http://www.jperla.com/blog/post/facebook-is-a-ponzi-scheme Anyone buying Facebook at the IPO value are sheep and gamblers. I'm going to guess, based on how Facebook tries to do things, if this happened that they would try to increase user numbers of Opera (or however they re-brand it) by requiring you to use it in order to login. Force and control seems to be Facebook's way.. cough-abuse-cough They definitely are an innovation company. Sign of protest? This data isn't fully valuable unless you know what alternate behaviour the users are performing (instead of clicking the alternate-coloured buttons). They still could be staying on your site, just not following the same funnel. They could be return visitors as well. Right. If you totaled the importance values then you could see a nice funnel. Re: #4 - It's trying to be manipulative, when there's no need to be. I too was turned off by their presentation of the sale as well. I am guessing they don't have a lot of experience selling off things, especially things they are attached to. It sounds like they really don't want to sell it, or at least not let it fall into a competitor's hands. Some countries allow this culturally so they can bring and keep jobs at home. http://www.apple.com/ vs http://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/devices/ http://www.apple.com/iphone/ vs https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/devices/chromebox.html I'd say Google's doing a better job. It's the brand of the company that matters; It's the foundation for what a user will expect, and will let them trust what they are seeing in front of them as valuable to them - prior to even knowing anything specific about it. It's nuanced UI-related. There's a lot of psychology involved to understand the holistic effects. You need to include things like someone's brand perception into deciding how effective a UI will be, such as trusted brands will let someone assume that what they are looking at is trustworthy - and therefore of enough value for them to care and look further into it / to get interested. Hope that helps? Brilliant. Raising awareness will not let people forget and become comfortable with the status quo. SD;GSD Curiosity will have more people clicking Good job Wattpad! Congrats It's triggering optimism / uplifting. Interesting it's bothering you in some way. Edit: To add, it also could be that there's no movement to it - so it also gives me a sense the bird is stalling, and about to fall the ground. What luck. What luck. Cool. Request: Chrome Extension that turns the Twitter icon / logo into Batman I laughed. Thanks. Highly doubt this would just be about taxing U.S.-based websites. Clearly the article is biased. Anyone know what the benefits of such a tax could bring? Let's see the other side of the coin.. They said they'd be shutting it down if they didn't sell it. Did they say now they're keeping it? That would look even worse for their credibility, honesty, integrity, etc.. Thanks for posting this. This now gives me the framework to start creating a plot around some ideas I've had floating around and evolving for quite some time. Well it's true they're domineering. The first people are amazing if you are solving a problem point that they've been 'suffering.' That's a good signal to have. :) And technically I imagine those damages would / should be transferred to those who illegally took them down and are holding the data. Thank you for citing your experience for credibility purposes. :) They continue to clamp down on their controlled ecosystem business model. Benefits do come from standardization and not allowing users or unqualified service providers screwing around trying to fix things, though it increases costs then - and I am unsure which is worst. Standardization can exist without a controlled ecosystem. I can see people registering main keywords, or playful phrases that work.. eg: about.me etc.. However then those will just turn into cybersquatting and auctioning off in most cases. I can see it causing confusion in some situations as well. People use technology to cope, if they need. As we speak, I have 38 tabs open - and that's just on this computer. As you said, this helps me remember various chores online - email tabs open, still need to reply to them - news article open, still want to read that when I have a chance - etc.. I am a visual person and that's why tabs help me, they are queues. Perhaps what I need is to learn some discipline in opening a 'TODO' task list daily, though then I find that overwhelming; Maybe I need to try to give that a bit more of a chance, and maybe I just haven't found the right tool(s) that work for me? I imagine if I found a way to be more organized then my creative flow and potentially creative capacity would be diminished. I would potentially become too fixed on organization as the main importance, and that would take away from fluidity that creativity needs; Perhaps I need this, I don't know. If a service that tracked my behaviours was used to suggest better tools for me to use based on my patterns, then that'd be neat - however because they are a business and want to make profits - I can see it being used in less-than-pure ways. Here's a different way to look at it: Is it our environment (including the scope of the web) that makes us depressed? Lots of sub-personalities involved with that behaviour. Focusing on helping people determine why their sub-personalities exist, why they formed, is the key. And you need to become aware of those behaviour patterns, and learn how to better organize when you need to; Get things sorted immediately, so there's not just a big pile + learn how to prioritize it. I feel we all give our brains far too much to try to comprehend, list size wise, when it comes to tasks to do. People that become really good at it find their own very unique way, from what I have read and where I see my own endeavours leading me. Define normal. ;) I recently discovered that Facebook had decided to remove my 'must approve when I am tagged' - nothing incriminating, just reminders of their abuse. Disagree that they reversed a setting I put in place isn't abuse? But then they'd be directly acknowledging the abuse, and then you could quickly change it back - however they want pictures to be tagged of you and to become public so they can be shared to everyone who they think will engage / comment on them, etc.. So I'm guessing the whole face.com acquisition was to increase awareness of context of photos? The economics are easy. Money on war 'invests' your resources into other countries (no return, negative return likely), vs. money on innovation and infrastructure in your own country (positive return, long-term; potential for making other things more efficient, more cost-efficient become higher). You need to separate contexts of war and innovation. An example, this innovation could come through a budget for space exploration, or other means of transportation. The world is based on science tech. Yes, a lot was discovered in science through military budgets, but it's not exclusive to being put into the military - which I think can easily be argued has huge wastes of resources just by looking at industrial complex structures. I think it's almost a requirement of these large platforms now. If they don't then developers would lose trust in them; I would anyway. I've never heard so many complaints from non-tech people I know who are friends on Facebook than from this. It's called abuse.. They're trying to control the ecosystem and tighten the reigns. However you can't successfully control any ecosystem, you can only manage them. Continuing to abuse users is the absolute opposite thing to do. Users will start flooding away from Facebook once other competitive systems develop in its place. I agree you have to direct this energy somewhere, though once you've done so and know you are actively doing so, these worries can start to settle - as they have a place to settle to, they have molded who you are and your action, your direction, your path in life. I agree you can't just ignore this energy, these thoughts and emotions, that wants to surface. Anything that needs to be dealt with will come to the surface when space exists for it to come up, and meditating in fact creates this mental space to allow such thoughts to surface. I believe individuals who think or say otherwise perhaps haven't realized that this is what they have done to direct their feelings of suffering into tangible action. The concept of retirement is flawed. What should be fostered in society is lifelong learning, wellness, and mentoring those around you. We could look at through a different lens and state that if you aren't jumping into startup after startup - successful or not - are you even an entrepreneur? I would just say it's something entrepreneurial they are doing, doesn't per say make them an entrepreneur - perhaps it does though; If you're learning a musical instrument, are you not a musician? Maybe not a professional. Professional Entrepreneur vs. Amateur? :P Serial Entrepreneur has a better ring to it, though it really is just someone who is an entrepreneur IMHO. I'm getting Galaxy S3 instead of iPhone - easy decision now. Just more proof that shows that patents slow innovation, increase costs, and reduces/limits the amount of people who can get access to the technology; Innovation will occur if people have the tools they need to build the innovation, design new tools, and reach the public who would 'vote' on the technology by mechanisms like pre-buying. Patents need to go. People need to stop fearing competition. Controlled ecosystems are bad for everyone, including the people stressing over maintaining the control. Oh lovely - thank you for sharing. The ASUS logo on the back could do some work. A symbol is much easier to digest than letters. Agreed. Setting up big expectations and then not meeting them is a dangerous game to play with your brand. I wouldn't have noticed it - thanks, made me smile. :) Love it. That could merely be because we've not been exposed to "33% more" as much, at least I haven't noticed it. I don't really buy advertising-driven food though.. I agree that re-targeting isn't used well. I wonder if the issue is resource and/or delivery time based. Is the number of people affected by this negatively, less than the delivery time or other costs when trying to facilitate this? It's analysts jobs to know the competition and the holistic market, so perhaps their numbers were off somewhere else. You don't know what desperate measures competition might take in order to try to fend off or slow down someone you see who's going to become a strong competitor. The rule I am getting comfortable with for people I'm hiring: I don't care where or when you get work done, just get it done. If that means home, if that means office, if that means a cafe - go for it. If that means at 3am - awesome, be productive when you're in the state of mind, mood and place to be productive. I'm primarily a creative person, as most good engineers are - problem solvers, and this is how I end up being most productive. This I believe is how certain aspects of the mind exists, information being temporarily stored and interactive with other systems. Theoretically then systems of the brain/mind should be able to be duplicated. This would allow for managing of large amounts of information, at very high speed, with no-heat generation. The only heat generated would be through the support systems / foundation - I suppose much like how the brain functions as a foundation for the mind. A brain made out of a diamond? Indiana Jones anyone? Make sure all things required for survival and a possible return already be there? Mars can be mined for resources, the moon can't - or at least shouldn't be. The moon creates our waves and wind of Earth. I don't really know how much pulling resources from the moon could affect the moon itself, or the moon's effect on Earth - though I'd rather not try and find out. Maybe it is on their todo lists.. Perhaps they do serve that Catalan group, though you mentioned they do in fact get shoe-horned? You'd think someone would have solved this by now if it was valuable enough to? Facebook's trying to maintain a closed ecosystem. API being available wasn't likely to happen. Just shows you how genuine and steadfast to their authenticity they are.. Interesting. I wasn't implying it's a quantum system, not through entanglement anyhow. I'm not sure it would need to be linked in such a way for it to play its role in overall functioning. Yup. It forces you to prioritize, and if you don't have that constraint you will be forever overloaded and overwhelmed; Things that no longer have the same value or relevance may linger in your mind through the reminders of scanning the backlog + psychologically, having a mountain of things to do feels like a mountain of things to do - there's no need to remind yourself of those, as if they are important enough you will remember them, re-visit them, they will re-surface. It really wouldn't take billions of years - though we won't know for sure with both of us throwing in assumptions, nor knowing how economics and mining for resources will impact the variables. You're completely wrong that I, or you, have no say in what they will try. I can voice my thoughts, just as you can. Not sure why you feel so disempowered about your voice to project on me that I'd have no say. Same goes for your assumption about unwillingness to learn? How do people learn? A person makes statements, create discussion. We learn from eachother. It depends what your intent is. If you're on the consumers' side, people's side, wanting to make their lives easier, better, through efficiency and therefore increased productivity - then being integrated into everything will of course cause this. Best case scenario would be some form of partnership, however Craiglist seems to want to create and control an ecosystem instead of being the management piece, instead of finding a way to survive as a management piece. If Trello implemented what DanielBMarkham said ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4219109 ) and what pgambling said ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4219092 ) then I would start using immediately for my day-to-day task management, and people I hire would be using it then too. Did you read the whole thing? Thanks for the upvotes so far. Seems there's other interest in hearing the experiences. Hopefully someone chimes in. Indeed - it hasn't cleared, and if it doesn't Facebook still owes them $200 million for the failed buy. Maybe they all signed non-disclosure agreements.. :P I think it really depends on what problems you're trying to solve, and what you need to maintain an expert in; Needing a good understanding and overview of the holistic picture vs. if you're dedicating the next X months-years problem solving some engineering problem. Well that's huge news for them, I'm sure they knew this would be the outcome though. :) Agreed, and it didn't even look like they did any A/B testing. The UI changes alone, spacing, colours, etc. totally killed the flow of the site. Reddit still decided to be judge and jury regarding certain subreddits in order to counter the negative publicity they were feeling from the general public. There are far more worse subreddits, in my opinion, that still are online / that weren't removed. It's fairly disingenuous to state their stance as is when in fact it's not that way at all. LOL. It's not yoga if it was allowed - you'd call that a fitness class then. That was brilliant. You answered so quickly you'd almost think you were following some rule or something.. Time for fingerprint entry to become popular - at least until cloning specific body parts becomes a home-kit.. I wonder if this was apart of the Kevin Rose acquisition, who seems to have somewhat of a holistic understanding of local. Google better find someone equally amazing to replace her though, and fast. Thanks for taking one for the team.. Indeed. If someone truly wants in somewhere they will get in. Upvoted because this made me laugh. No room for humour in such a serious world... I assume they're expecting to get free content creation from their curated selection of blog posters, and part of to keep 'quality' up offer editorial services. I see some flaws in what they're doing so far. Will have to see how they navigate it all. Certainly be interesting is right. Maybe more people should question the involvement of fathers in their children's life, as to start to make it important in the culture's view? It goes both ways - keeping quiet, and of making noise. I imagine the talent will help make Google's products overall better, and that will include a fabulous email client - and all you'll need is Chrome to run them. It's an investment round that that don't have to give equity up for. I imagine there will be something similar coming from Google in the future.. I thought 3-5 years would be a good enough length of time (leaning more to 5 years for physical applications). Though companies may still then hoard technology that isn't ready for the market yet, which would slow innovation. Longer patent times are perfectly fine if fees are regulated. "Fucking dumb" - Dumb meaning very stupid. "Very fucking stupid" has a bunch of syllables to help release those energies too, if that's what you're going after / feel you need. None, non-existent. They are conservative thinkers and don't understand the tech industry, so any risk is too risky for them. It's very sad. So what happens is young people who potentially have the best understanding have to go elsewhere, whether to start a company or be hired by a company who has money - because they don't exist here because it's impossible to get funding unless your idea is based on similar brick & mortar models. It makes me sad, and frustrated. Indeed. The verb of dumb is "Simplify or reduce the intellectual content of something so as to make it accessible to a larger number of people;" Essentially turning something into layman's terms - layperson's terms? Context that matters the most. Groups can either try to reclaim the word or start using new ones, which I believe many are doing. It's interesting to get a perspective of what a sample of the general population might believe though - unless we should start censoring people, though that's not a great road to go down either.. probably worse than trolling even.. It's context. You go to Amazon to buy things, mostly. You go to Facebook to socialize, mostly. I feel this is how all charities should be run. I think the issue is more with motives. If people have money incoming from elsewhere then it shows, at least some, that they're not doing it because they just want a paycheck. I think we should ban knives, and hot surfaces - to protect children of course. Have any forms of cognitive behaviour therapy or say innerchild/regression therapy helped or been explored? Have you explored dietary changes? Did you have ear infections as a child (relevant question)? I'd like to work for / with her. I agree. It's about honesty and expectations, and trust of course. If you have set your character around being okay with lying, that's not cool to me. No shit, it's called disruption. Isn't it always a miscommunication with Facebook, and always the user's fault - not abuse by Facebook - and us users simply don't understand that it's actually a feature they're so kindly providing us? DM;HT - I like this. One thing to note, all of those things will matter when it comes time to determining valuation and risk-level of you/your team, and potentially if you'll be a fit for the investment firm. I do agree if you have a product and traction that it will be easier to find money, and you'll likely find money from somewhere - though the terms offered will be based on the overall package. He's made his $1 billion, he doesn't care now what happens, nor do the initial investors. I think people should be going to jail for how much everyone was taken advantage of - though they won't because laws don't reflect businesses hurting society or individuals in such cases. 100x profits as a valuation is pure insanity - no matter what the company is; If someone can cite even a theoretical example where 100x profits might make sense, please do enlighten us - I'd be curious. The discussion usually boils down to that investing has inherent risks, and that's that - people can make their own decisions, though clearly most people didn't know better. So then the question comes to mind of how much do we value gambling in our society? I suppose it's one of those debates up there with gun ownership - where you should be able to own automatic rifles / mass killing machines (weapon of mass destruction?) as a right, and therefore you should be allowed to throw your money away at others, simply for excitement purposes --- even with many other better options for entertainment existing in the world. It's almost like they don't care about all factors that matter when doing a major relaunch of a site; It reminds me of the lack of care that came to be with the big initial design revamp that caused the exodus of Digg users, including myself. A UI that looks good doesn't mean it functions well. Clearly that's what they want to do or at least have the ability to threaten suit with this in their TOS. Indeed, it will help with onloading and increasing usefulness due to network effects, etc.. Fully agree. As I stated in another thread, a good looking UI doesn't mean it functions well. I'm not sure why they took this approach - perhaps thinking something was wrong with the old Digg design? It was the latest Digg design that had the problem, its precursor was fine and working well. They clearly don't have someone who understands the nuances of functional design - or if they do they aren't being listened to or valued properly. Because their model is working so terribly... Differentiation because you don't know any better isn't good. It's a game to them. Don't initiate games with children if you don't want to be involved where childish things can be done. Children can do nasty things. They don't understand or possibly don't care of the consequences. Their goal is to create and maintain a controlled ecosystem. They know legally where they stand and they have billions of dollars now to drag out any lawsuit, if anyone decides to waste their energy on such a thing. I am sure they feel invincible, and I can understand how that could develop with what they have power of / are in control of. I recently had an issue with a local group of 'investors' / tech people, and after learning more details I was clearly mislead into presenting to them.. What they were looking to invest in was absolutely not a match to what I am doing. Sure, it was under confidential and private settings, though I know I taught them a lot and exposed a lot I rather would not have - simply because I don't think these people have good intentions or are honest people - and I don't want to support that as a human being, because I don't think that's good for society. Sorry for the delay in responding. Hearing can actually be related to depression. http://www.aitinstitute.org/ - the website / therapy is marketed towards children with autism as that is the largest group affected, and the most severely. There's an out-of-print book called "Hearing Equals Behaviour" by the researcher who 45+ years ago discovered a correlation between hearing and behaviour. People are 100% going to be depressed if they have a hearing imbalance at 1,000 Hz; Imbalance is if say in one ear the lowest you can hear is 11 Dbs, and the other ear you can hear at 14 Dbs - that shows an imbalance of 3 Dbs. The sound therapy I listed helps let the mind 'release' and equalize those imbalances. If you have an imbalance at 1,000 Hz then medication won't he, cognitive behaviour therapy won't help. I imagine it's possible to not be "locked into" a depressive state, but set into one temporarily with hearing-related issues early on - I'm unsure it would fruitful to investigate further. So if I launch at the same time internationally, then they won't copy me - you seem to be suggesting? Indeed, something I thought too. If they know they can make a higher minimum requirement, or that those exist out there, I am sure they would prefer putting their investment money in those areas. They are potentially bigger markets, and potentially a more successful company. At 10 million users though, even just throwing up some basic ads you can likely make enough money to cover your burn rate.. People are mobile online, they aren't stuck on any controlled ecosystem. This is what will be the end to Facebook, along with their abusing of members. Without any examples though, of say design sense, I am not motivated to even contact you. Didn't everyone learn this lesson from Hackers? Agreed, it very much depends on what you're designing for. It's all fascinating. I'm sure I will enjoy reading Darwin much more when I am older and have observed more of the world and evolved my own ideas relating to it. And then you go home and work on your own thing? You have to wonder if it's China or businesses in China looking to make profits perpetuating these acts - perhaps with government support and/or knowledge? Regardless, knowing any and all breaches would rally the development community to problem solve these issues, crowdsourcing them, as opposed to perhaps only private profit-driven experts from stepping forward. "... shown that many difficulties associated with dyslexia can potentially be traced back to a malfunction of the medial geniculate body in the thalamus." I always wonder if things like Dyslexia are more a symptom from something else, like how ADD can be caused in people who have food sensitivities or allergies but don't realize it - or perhaps a terrible childhood where the person / mind / brain learned distraction behaviours for coping, and therefore until those distraction behaviours are explored that ADD person will never learn how to focus. And why is it considered faulty? How can one determine the pros and cons of how a mind will develop due to how the brain works? It really bothers me that much of very narrow scientifically-done research doesn't reach back out into a holistic view. I understand that if you keep the narrow context than their statements remain 'true' - however that isn't beneficial on an individual-by-individual basis when our body and minds are so complex. A quick fix sounds nice, is 'cheap' in cost (if you ignore side-effects and that many times medications are bandaids that tend to fall off or let symptoms [from something underlying] worsen), and is purely driven by profit-motive - at least that's where funding comes from, even if it's in researcher's hearts to trying to find answers to help others. We know things like MSG and artificial red food dies cause ADD in a large percentage of the population, though in North America we still allow it in our food - whereas in much of Europe such things are ban. Anyway, clearly I am for preventative/proactive health and not putting temporary bandaids on things. Research is showing more and more that bandaids (not literally) end up costing society more than dealing with the base issues. The foundation to this is there is more profit to be made selling something magical with a big marketing budget, and therefore it's what gets mass exposure. Sweat doesn't inherently smell. The foods you eat affect how you smell, though not specifically because of your sweat. If you eat a lot of spicy food then your whole body will be releasing those aromas. Ahhh, biologically it isn't - it's good to clean pores, keep you cool, etc.. Adjusting by amount of money spent would be neat too. I wonder if even adjusting for the amount of money (involving cost of living into the equation) would be a more fair way to adjust? I wonder though if part of their algorithm will be percentage based, re: based on the amount of overall content. That would likely allow YouTube to stay near the top in results, even if it has the most takedown requests. I imagine they tested this for too before they decided to go ahead with it... It could be a lot of curiosity that drove it. Now I can see a problem arising if they take outside investment. I'm guessing people are working on it. It's not an easy problem to solve though. I just thought about this today. Worse case scenarios don't seem probable, though how devastated and delayed would life become if it did happen? Cool, thanks. Interesting. So immediately there's a large stake holder that withdraws value disproportional to their value of the network; Whether it's a problem or not would have to be thought through.. Sounds like someone passionate towards helping humanity move forward in a big way. What is the agreement on equity, etc? Is it concrete? What are the chances he will remove you from the company? What is it worth to you to go after him if he does that? Is he just leading you on so you keep doing work on a prototype or project he may just abandon - though expect ownership from still? What are your overall skills? Are you working on other projects to pay bills? Do you have other ideas you'd enjoy working on? I could ask more questions though the issue really is the lack of transparency. It doesn't sound like he's explaining anything to you. Him getting hired by VCs sounds a bit like conflict of interest, though it could be innocent, especially if he has said that he's still expecting to raise $X amount. The internet's form is formless though, too. The successful part so far of this is a the rallying of the troops, at least a large core group of tech community folk. This doesn't violate Facebook's rules? 2 days early! So excited. Too excited perhaps. He was hoping this was Disqus platform perhaps.. So excited you couldn't find the reply link -- I understand. Indeed. In the end someone has to pay, and/or someone has to make some money to pay. It seems close to a zero-sum game - which is the point of capitalism and innovation, allowing technology to reach 100% of people and/or make the next unit of production equal to $0, and with digital software, it comes pretty damn close to $0 benefit for the next user. The colours remind me just a little bit of Google.. They want to short-form into long-form. They're going for increasing their piece of pie size. It makes sense, though I wonder if it'll hurt them in the future. This will be part of the downfall of the patent system. This will cause a lot of people to rally who are against it. The ying/yang cycle and balance of the natural world. I wonder how shareholders feel about this.. Do they think it will have a positive impact on Facebook's value and help them stay market share? Jokes on the internet are illegal I would think that creating articles, or blog posts, talking about situations of how they specifically treat customers well, how and why they are building something great, how they take care of their people, etc.. would solve this more than posting revenues. Though that might come across too strongly as stroking your own ego.. Obviously being profitable allows you more benefits to how you treat people, the time you give or allow. They really need a Live Listener stat so you know who else you're coding with... If you're in the U.S. or many other countries you aren't in an actual democracy anyway. 1 vote != 1 vote. Will they come after the little guys then? $4 - $7 might be a good price to buy at, might. Thanks for the warning I've heard this term only in the last week too, and still unsure of what it is.. Plus could then have a link to the privacy policy page added in the actual browser, rather than intruding on the user experience. Good luck to them. It sounds like a difficult situation to be in. Only just saw this. I'm not sure specifically of any countries that are democratic by my definition. An issue that needs to be fixed, if they want to claim to be democratic, is to have proportional representation - so outcomes don't favour larger political groups; In Canada for example, there are many people who would vote for Green party don't, they vote Liberal say the Conservatives don't get more power. People don't feel safe voting for who'd they vote for because their vote won't count. See http://www.fairvote.ca/ ... Do you understand the difference between proportional representation voting vs. non-PR voting? "Democracy is a form of government in which all eligible citizens have an equal say in the decisions that affect their lives. " - Wikipedia A republic isn't by default a democracy. Non-PR voting doesn't allow all citizens to have an equal say because their vote doesn't count if they vote for smaller political parties; At minimum it's not taking away seats from other parties, and not showing the genuine support for smaller parties -- and the bigger political parties know this and is why they want to keep the system this way. Sexy. Perhaps Google is leveraging their name and their value as a resource? Google Ventures investing in you could also be seen as a strong positive signal too. And not that I know what those resources offered might be, and not saying it is fair to earlier investors, though I would give someone with say media reach more value than say a local silent investor who has nothing other than money to offer. Guilty of leveraging their name and resources they perhaps offer? Very good writeup. It's still called Google Ventures to leverage Google's name. Regarding tactics, I guess it's a matter of knowing your poker hand and trying to put your best foot forward. I can see a point to perhaps doing such a lessened risk with incubator-founded startups, in that the model isn't yet proven of how the average incubator startup can compare to an external team that would have very different dynamics of being processed. It's in an incubator's best interest to make things look good - so the startup gets funding and the incubator's equity becomes more available - though it doesn't mean it was people on the team itself that could have achieved the same, nor that those same resources would continue to be available to the team (or at the same amount) once away from the incubator. You need to learn a balance that works for you. I have gone through long periods of hyper-thinking and it wasn't healthy overall, though I figured out a lot and I came through the other end; I have cycles like this and every time I am better prepared and it goes better each time. What I found helped the most is becoming better organized, feeling more comfortable with your organization - and this really starts with discipline, routine of discipline and of taking care of yourself and particularly of doing 'grounding' activities (that take you out of your head). I wrote more thoughts on this a little while back ... http://mattamyers.tumblr.com/post/23794547268/routine/ I didn't even notice the Google Glasses in this photo... Even if he did see it, I don't imagine it's something he'd respond to - or perhaps even could respond to. The valuation still doesn't match reality. People seem to forget competition exists and Facebook seems to think they can keep trying to control things, and that people will want to be on their platform long-term. In reality even for businesses the chances of people seeing your content isn't very high - of course one model being that Facebook wants you to pay to increase that exposure. It's just not the best possible structure for businesses, or consumers. Sure, it might be good enough for now, and all that exists in a good enough form for people to use - however I imagine better systems will evolve, and Facebook won't be able to buy them for $1 billion (or ~$300 million + stock, whatever it was). Neat PR - $3 million worth of tech for a cost of bandwidth/CPU resources; Not trying to undermine the value that this provides. I believe that quote was his conclusion to the question of what is the purpose of life. Pretty sure Apple controls this to manage the numbers, and have an out if sales don't skyrocket as is/was believed to. They want to appeal to bosses who will tell the developers to use it.. They are planning a $30k sedan. It's synergy. I am working the same way with my own plans. The positives are enough of an incentive to have people change their behaviours in order to compensate for the 'negatives' of using such technology. If you know you'll have 30 minutes minimum to kill then you'll plan for it. Lunch time, work time, walk around a park time, meetup and chat with other people who are waiting time, walk your dog time, mini-yoga class time, etc.. Throw in self-driving cars into the mix and the break activities will likely be more social and physical things, and less high mental activity time - unless you're a workaholic. He should have worded it better - "aiming to provide the best, trying hard for a comeback, want #1 though in this competitive market may have to settle for #2 or #3 in sales" Indeed. :) And why would they not try to tease you letting you know someone has sent you a gift? I wonder if at some point they'll have a malfunction that tells everyone a gift is waiting for them, and so they need to fill in their address details.. Similar issue with cell reception ... I still somewhat believe this is all purposeful. Their cult following wants them to succeed, and they will want to support them - so when a crappy product turns into gold (future release) they will cheer and all will forget --- except everyone's talking about Apple now, and Maps. Is all publicity good publicity? It's possible with the right factors at play IMHO. It takes time to prove yourself, and any idea, and the value of you and your idea. I don't think this can be done in a short period. 5% + requiring you meet a minimum + time limit I think people underestimate what an agile and lean startup like Elon seems to be running can accomplish. He's a super intelligent guy with a growing positive trackrecord. The vehicle industry has been waiting for disruption for 20+ years, and the giants finally have lost control and whatever unnatural advantages they tried to maintain. Technology for electric vehicles will only continue to improve, and costs will go down. Luckily for economies very attached to oil they can shift to systems like free re-fueling once a vehicle is purchased; That's pretty incredible and something I never even thought about or imagined possible, though it makes sense and works once the puzzle pieces are all in front of you. P.S. Elon's my new Man Crush. He's grounded, confident. Great role model. I hope he continues to be relatively transparent and lets us get to know him more. In the next month I'll be dumping money into getting a patent. Time will tell if that ends up being a better investment than into Tesla. Maybe I should try to get Elon as an advisor / investor. I'll have to hope to not get giddy when speaking to him if there's ever the possibility ... Really? That's the direction you took? You realize what Tesla is doing is going to destroy the oil economy - dependency on oil for cars - and practically eliminate the need to pay for re-fueling your car once you own it? Or is it that you just don't believe it? Shouldn't this knowledge be researched and published for shareholders so they can weigh risks? Or it kills content you want to see, which Facebook would have shown you normally to have you engage with it - content you'd most want to see. They can only try to milk this so long before the cow dies. Tesla are setting up Supercharger stations to refuel cars. From my understanding they are garage-port like things with solar panels on them, that recharge themselves. Solar cells can last a long time, and the technology will continue to improve. For climates with less sun there will likely need to be an alternate method of generating energy, though that will all be figured out. Read the following for details of I'm talking about, re: free to refuel your car - http://finance.yahoo.com/news/tesla-motors-launches-revoluti... By Square, I think you mean? Others posted this link http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heliosphere which helped me learn about the Heliosphere; The idea is that there's a boundary line created, instead of constant gradual reduction, because the sun's solar winds are no longer strong enough to counter the energies coming from the rest of the universe. Pretty fucking cool to all think about. Anyone know what they plan / state they'll use the money for? Go Go Gadget Tesla! Likely not if they're able to make profit from it... Ask Stripe: How have you managed your execution and releases so well? It's inspiring, though I'm wondering what core function or role in the organization allows this? I imagine it's a team effort with an overall vision that everyone is fully aware of and contributing to. Is it that simple? Thanks for releasing this. The design works well for single-product offerings, though would need to be modified for pledge-reward setups.. not too hard to do though. Can Romeny saying lies convince people to vote for him? If you get messages in front of people that sound good (to non-critical thinkers anyway) then you'll gain their trust. Edit: Not trying to imply Microsoft will be lying about however they'll be promoting the product. The attention and revenues they would generate from having bigger and more successful products (revenue size wise) would benefit the smaller creative projects IMHO. I would add that mentors can help with the learning, hold your hand a bit while you navigate new situations or learn new behaviours for past situations that didn't go as well as planned. The people that sold Google stock are probably the same ones who bought Facebook originally.. The problem that exists is that for in order for Facebook to deliver a higher ROI, with a paid method than the freely showing most engaging/relevant posts method, is that they are competing with eachother. People are on Facebook, stay on Facebook, and engage on Facebook to see those posts. Since releasing their sponsor posts I have noticed two things: - I don't get as much engagement from as many people when I post things. The fewer people that do engage are some of the ones I would expect to, so in a way it's cleaner - obviously you can't kill all algorithmically-decided engaging material or people would leave. - The other thing I noticed though, which is actually worse, is that I see more posts from people I don't care about, or even don't really want on my Facebook - but they're there. So with this I've been actively hiding those people (unsubscribing) from those people, and that will diminish who's posts I will see and the pool size of the amount of posts I can potentially see. What should exist is allow the user, like the Starring ("Friend") they implemented, is that a user can state who's posts they absolutely want to see. That would hurt the sponsor posts model though, so I don't see this happening. Also, it's pretty true that only people who have something to gain - that they can't gain naturally (for whatever reason) - will be constantly willing to spend $7 to promote it to X number of followers. So they either have a business or a big personal announcement - which I don't see people being happy paying for. And you can't forget that there are other ways of reaching people. Nice. What's the biggest issue with going international or say close neighbour as Canada? Is it simply costs that instantly get created due to cross-border measures, etc? I love it so much! Great job. Typo at https://grouptalent.com/learn/employers/ "Our Fee All cost estimates inlcude our 20% fee." $120 / hour based on some rates I saw on website, now should I charge at 15 minute or hour long intervals.. :) Wow.. Good job. My bad! I like this.. Cascading failures seem to be a recurring theme amongst hosting providers.. Agreed. I think the community could grow if this functionality was done properly. I believe the care exists and good moderators would be found / come into being. Principle? I love all of his work. Worth checking out. Actually not that hard of a question to answer if you know how to stretch the term 'hack' to mean various things.. So did someone start a competing site he contributes to now? He kind of was leading technological development for a whole industry, too. Well deserved. Good Guy George A more important and valuable question to ask and know the answer to - how did Elon become this way? Who were his mentors, his coaches, his counselors? What advice and decisions early on helped him evolve and mould him into who he is today? I'm curious what the 'snooze' or on hold % is. Agreed. Starting to focus, the initial 5 minutes, is the toughest.. There's an advantage you gain when you work on something really big, and that is that there aren't many people doing it. I find that people who copy, or try to, didn't come up with the idea themselves - which means they didn't have the experience and knowledge, nor have the creativity in coming up with the solution on their own. This will limit their ability to pivot due to not necessarily having a full grasp of the important metrics, etc.. And really just their mind isn't structured to do that, and if it was they'd probably have their own ideas that could become successful - assuming they're able to learn how to execute well. Also, most stories that aren't genuine don't feel authentic - especially because they don't have the history to match it, like you mentioned with your 15+ years of experience, etc.. My own story and plans have evolved because of everything that's happened in my life, and I can talk about each important moment It's very frustrating, and becoming livid has happened to me too.. It's even worse because many of the times they are people you're closer to than not, so there's a bigger element of trust broken there, too. Congrats on being 5 years down the road, and continuing to evolve things further! Is the 5 years from initial MVP launch or when you came up with the idea? Your story is inspirational for me. In about 6 months I'm coming up on 3 years from when I decided to work on my projects full time, which have expanded tremendously, so at the moment it's still a lot of planning, organizing, preparing... lining up a lot of dominoes so then things will take off once ready. Facebook owns them. I imagine even if they provide this option for you, it will be opt-out, and they will opt you back in when they feel like it.. Best of luck. I imagine noone imagines themselves being in this situation. We're geeks I tell you --- geeks!! Never be waiting around for something to happen.. That's what hustling is. Visualization, if you have the underlying motivation, is how to get started. Then after 5 minutes of focus can be right into it.. At the moment I've gone through my morning websites, consumed everything I need to, replied to emails I need to, and now this is my second visit to HN ... so it times to make my work environment a clean slate, eliminate all distractions, and focus for a little while... perhaps I'm not awake enough for the focus required though either... |) I find when I have something I want to go to that has a specific start time, that the anxiety created from it can be a double-edged sword - especially when I start feeling even more productive and feel I could keep working - though then I'll miss the time-sensitive event.. Might just be trying to expand the meaning of private / more privacy.. I really wonder how competitive Google Ventures is when it comes to valuation. Seed round they put in $250k, though how much do they expect equity wise? Anyone know what those deals look like? $300 million a year isn't much for a company worth so much, and where in a space that costs to develop are relatively low; Costs are with expansion and breaking into competitive markets, and also physical technology they've also been investing in. It's really just one of many revenue streams I imagine they will try to tap. People feel like it's a community as well, and if they're willing to give back, which reenforces the individual's sense of connection, then it can work. Great writeup. Hopefully they will implement all of this before the time I need to use Stripe (still planning to at this point anyhow). Well, it creates jobs ... that aren't needed or helpful to others (they're not educating children or providing healthcare services) and inflates costs (profit and money for salaries). It makes sense for him to want to leave considering Facebook is really just providing a newsletter service, and it was the marketing that the companies have done to drive them to their Facebook pages. It should be a mutually beneficial relationship, not one where Facebook is trying to milk both companies and consumers. The problem is they aren't making 'enough' off of consumers, and therefore are trying to go after companies too. It's chicken and egg problem, and now that Facebook has 'everyone' on it they are trying to milk it. Yes, there is value of guaranteeing that X number of followers will see a post in their feed - which true fans would want to see anyway (and based on algorithms likely would or would be an active visitor to their Facebook page), however Facebook is trying to prove their $100 billion valuation by essentially trying to extort companies, whereas it should be a slightly above cost of reaching (as the minimum). Facebook is trying to charge Advertising prices for something that is at its foundation a service being provided; Facebook has no monopoly on containing fans. If Facebook doesn't change this quickly it has no chance of ever becoming a $100 billion company, because by that time Facebook won't be freely marketed by big companies linking to their 'Facebook pages.' Facebook's abusing the relationship, and like anyone in an abusive relationship - it won't end well for the abuser, they won't get what they want. - at least not once more people realize it's abuse and they don't need to be in that relationship. I will forever have a bitter taste towards Netflix in regards to their deceptive/dishonest marketing tactics. This is the only reason Google is able to take advantage of this situation, and the disruption will be massive. The value for Google to gain by being this provider is possibly the highest synergy possible. Just keep your towel on you and you'll be alright. I didn't want Netflix service, though since I was gifted a month I thought I'd try it. Had to put my credit card details in for a free month I was gifted. First had to signup for the free trial month, putting in my credit card at that point. The gift month wasn't added. After 2 or 3 phone calls to Netflix support, and over an hour later the second month was added. I had asked and was promised that I would be getting an email letting me know 1 week before that the renewal period was approaching. No email ever came of course. Might seem small, but doing these kinds of tactics on a large scale, with tens of millions of users - they know the recurring rate will be higher, and many people will keep getting billed without remembering or realizing, even if it's for 3+ months. It's dishonest. There are other minute details I've not written out because I don't care to put the energy into it. Fact Check: The fans on the Facebook pages were driven there by the page owner, likely through other marketing channels such as TV. It should be a mutually beneficial relationship, though Facebook is trying to take advantage of that relationship now. Companies and people are mobile on the internet. They can drive people wherever they want. Mark Cuban's action is a huge signal. As I said in another reply somewhere, Facebook is essentially providing a newsletter service with pages (plus some other stuff). Oh, and Facebook also has ads on these pages.. Something better will come that doesn't abuse the relationship. Very interesting model. I hope it works out. It was the brands who sent the fans there via multiple marketing channels (TV, their website, etc), who updated the content for fans to have, etc.. I agree with you that the spread of fanaticism will vary per user who's liked a page. I disagree that Facebook isn't trying to see how much they can charge to let brands get access to these individuals who maybe have a slight interest - whereby these 'Likes' could have been gathered on a separate platform that wouldn't now manipulate the fluidity/friction that exists with reaching all of those users. Brand pages are content for users, and it keeps people on Facebook instead of seeking out the brands and interaction elsewhere. There is no reason brands need to be on Facebook. If it now means being charged $3,000 to temporarily reach 1 million fans (and who knows of what quality level or fanaticism level) then they may question if it's worth it to them, and they are starting to. These brands who built up millions of likes on Facebook could just have a different system, that doesn't need to be connected to a central platform. They are doing it the wrong way, though I don't care to help Facebook so I won't comment here as to how they should be doing it. Also, the term organic vs. non-organic -- the posts that reach a person's feed, organically, is set by the algorithm Facebook determines; It's not so organic. It's not really free distribution though. People are on the internet, and Facebook is on top of the internet; People aren't stuck on Facebook. I disagree with the importance to Facebook of having brands integrating with Facebook. A 'Like' button on a brands' website is extremely valuable to Facebook's brand, to strengthening that ecosystem, etc. - and is one mechanism the brand used to promote Facebook and getting them into their 'live newsletter.' Just need to keep making enough sales to continue creating articles so your userbase increases in size. Probably a good idea to promote a newsletter to signup to for updates (possibly offer a weekly and monthly version). Do a Kickstarter to get funds to turn it into HTML5/CSS, etc..! I'd fund it. I'm sure many other people would, too. How doesn't keeping fans on the Facebook website not compare equally to keeping fans watching a specific TV station? The value is there. Facebook alone didn't cover all costs of bringing users, and keeping them, on the platform. Businesses spent money too, marketing dollars, marketing space, etc.. Rebranding from WaveAccounting to WavePayroll? Not sure which I like better. I wonder if it's a trademark issue causing the rename.. I think this method will have a lot of false positives. Facebook will want to hope that they show the ads to people who will be buying the product anyway, so they can take credit for the sale. I don't see it accurately keeping track.. This is a perfect reason to have sub-communities. There's nothing inherently wrong with stating your situation, and some people will love this. Others will be grumpy and feel the title is being manipulative. If this had a specific sub-HN (category) to post it into then people could simply unsubscribe to it if they didn't like it. It would be a place for different groups to gather around and feel apart of, welcome to, and then if a post is mis-categorized then it can be properly categorized to avoid all of the negative and non-constructive commentary. Glad you followed up on here. Your reasoning I imagine is what many people figured was happening. I'm 29, and I care, though this particular topic is not important to me - and I think this is a good reason for categories to exist. Expected release dates? If hit count is your leading metric, then sure. But if you care what happens afterwards then you need to track what happens afterward, and see how the traffic clicks interacts; Quality over quantity.. Agreed. Also understand VCs are marketing what works best for them and what they see working for them - mainly so they can attract those people making their job easier. They're creating a bit of a facade for themselves that risk will be less; It's true though that 2 people can get more than 2x the work done than 1 person can, though a single person managing other people well - it just happens at the smaller budget size of startups the cost of an added profit margin that gets added on (plus other difficulties that arise) to outsourced labour, can be substantial. This is why I work for myself, am building my own company(ies). I knew I would never get paid the value I can bring to the table, and I would never be motivated to do my best in that scenario. Isn't it a moot point, since moot is a word? I imagine KPMG will be getting sued then? Wouldn't doing due diligence mean you spend this time, however long it requires, to find out the reality of the company? From another commenter who worked there, said KPMG (and Deloitte) were the auditors, and I can imagine HP would be suing them.. The website isn't called Moot, though. That's where I see it being a grey area. Okay, sure. Though it's $8 billion; 80% of the value paid! It seems like the there would have been wiring exposed, pipes burst and water leaking and doing external, visible damage.. I agree with all that you say. Not sure about something though. I'm not sure you'd have access to the information that would allow you to discover/see the possibility of changes that could allow millions of dollars in positive changes. Also, I'm thinking in ranges of $10-$100 million+ per year ranges; Larger ecosystems, etc.. and to have such an influence in an existing company, where they'd be willing to pay you out anything other than bonus or work you're way up to a million-dollar salary, would require many many years working at said time, with lots of risk that you wouldn't be rewarded adequately. I think Mixpanel just shot to the top of list of analytics I'm willing and wanting to integrate, even before Google Analytics (of course it's needed regardless). Ah okay, thanks for clarification. Not as dramatic then. I'm not sure it's that expensive if you consider the value it can add. I would say you should be actively using it, and having a large amount of experimenting going on while using it. Also, you could discontinue using it after you've done testing that shows the positive results you want - and while not experimenting, then not using it. You won't have long-term or cohort results then necessarily, but I imagine they are targeting high revenue or high revenue potential businesses. A backup and comparison. And I can imagine Google uses it partially to determine value of a website in ratings. I never researched this to confirm it or not. I wouldn't forget the value of it being an easier way to digest / consume information. There's a lot of value when a company tries to make it simple to understand, and more importantly to show what's capable and why it's good to do certain things. This is not only for my own understanding, but for when I pass the work off to someone else, I know they'll be able to learn quickly and communicate back well. First time I read it wouldn't be an evacuated tunnel. Next thought of technology it could use then then jumps to maglev-like technology; Imagine a Tesla vehicle (or others) that can hop onto a network that brings the vehicle onto a maglev system, reducing friction (and other elements wouldn't really effect it, especially if you decided to put a canopy over it) ; Anyone else realize he may have dropped a hint in this video ( http://video.ft.com/v/1974478965001/Elon-Musk-from-electric-... ) that we might see flying cars? You'd need on-ramps, where a minimum speed is required before merging with the main line, and of course you'd only build on/off ramps at major hubs. The only issue I see being you're not using tar then, and therefore costs of raw materials would be higher, at least initially, and would likely last longer than tar. Being cheaper than highspeed rail could fit into this equation because its the vehicle owners paying for the vehicle, and no trains are being build for it - so actual money going into the system, the synergies that would exist, might be greater - though putting it how he does is creating lots of attention. :) Maybe the hyperloop refers to a an on/off ramping system, where you get accelerated to a certain speed... Fun speculating. And time for tea and breakfast. Do you know the speed differences that could occur in a tunnel system like this, versus an "open" on-ground maglev system? Is this the big news from yesterday then? Thanks for sharing this Justin. It's refreshing, mainly as in my mind it allows for guidance on what to let go of and hold on to, and potentially when to do it. I imagine you can only hold turtle position for so long, though if you can manage to find the fun and creative part to it, then you can keep doing it for quite awhile; Makes me think holding the turtle position without creativity would build resentment - which leads to all kinds of terrible.. Anyone know of any comparisons? Agreed. :) Ever looked at Angular? It wasn't the Kings, those with power, who originally went exploring - they directed resources towards such endeavours. VC loses half the equity they would get otherwise.. Of course, though it's still half of what they'd get before. That is better for the startup. Don't take more money than you need, unless you're getting a really good deal - though then you could burn and piss off VCs and may look bad during future rounds. Who structured this study? They're doing it wrong ... MDMA is what's popular in the recreation scene and so will draw attention over others; Even Madonna not-so-subtly promotes it through her "MDNA" album and tour name - though most are none-the-wiser. My first thought was a metamaterial. It depends on what your starting salary would be, I suppose. It's not safe, at least the business world or towards strangers, to open yourself up to vulnerable or moments where you're powerless - because you won't have any idea how people will react, and many people are assholes. Hopefully with family, friends, and hopefully a close-knit team of people who respect and trust you, they too, will be safe to open yourself up to being vulnerable and show your powerlessness in certain situations. This is when I believe a team could become even stronger, when people have the opportunity to come together and problem solve. You hit right on the mark with mentioning building authentic relationships. It takes time to learn how to do that though, as you said - and I too see the process giving you exponential gains as you move along; I'm getting better at it as I go. I suppose that really depends on the screening process to determine how well and prepared, ready for learning, a person is entering the program. There's no guarantee a person will learn how to program as a language, where they may not be able to become fluent in it. This is where the risk is. And sometimes people take longer to learn than others. A program like this would be best IMHO to split into a condensed version and a longer variation. Similar energies exist between people as well.. I don't know where on the spectrum the energy would be, nor how strong it would need to be. In the mean time, while waiting for them to release more affordable vehicles, they can increase the number of Supercharger stations, further work on future innovation - and then they will see hockey-stick growth. The iPad caused similar thoughts when it was released ... Well, that's certainly going to be a huge money grab for them. I'd imagine this would be ad-free, too.. This is to kill the competition; At minimum to gain a competitive advantage. They can play the game though, too. Offer good discounts for onloading users; First year or two free, etc.. Hell, first 5 years free. What do they care if they get you used to their products, and then stay a client for 15 years after the 5 year trial? This is likely primarily an opportunity to upsell other services - great opportunity to chat with people, make a connection, build a relationship, etc.. I wonder how, or if, these metrics will be affected by their recent change of free business accounts; It's a gamble for Google, as it may take a few years for numbers to de-stabilize. Are you joking? "Crazy" and cool. I never thought about the connections that could occur through DNA matching. That's a lot of eggs in a small basket. Not as much money floating, flying around, so you have to be more creative, more convincing. Define failure.. Great writeup and comparison of both sides. Two issues stick out to me: Time availability, and the requirement of money, to allow you to continue developing. So, the question is prioritizing. What's more important - developing product to reach proof of concept and/or incoming revenues (which could be part of proof of concept)? Really though, is what's important keeping moving forward at the fastest pace possible, or is it long-term sustainability? If a patent (an asset) will help you secure funding, then the point of needing to spend time raising funds is one in the same of working on a patent; Investors will know that filing doesn't guarantee its value, plus, you'll need money to defend it in the future - and meaning it has to be worthwhile defending. And I think I already touched on the value of time the patent takes. It's deciding where it's best put to use. P.S. You should always think about 'being acquired' - or rather, about being a sustainable long-term business. If a big company decides they like what you're doing and they can easily copy it, for whatever reason, then in 2-3 years you may have a mammoth competitor who can pump millions into advertising. Sure, this might be a "competition exists" proof point - though that's a pretty risky proposition for investors and therefore they will want to take a bigger piece of equity. I just wonder if they did any A/B testing with users to see what the results were - and if those resulted to positive increases. I've had a hunch that Facebook is planning to buy Quora at some point, perhaps once a certain benchmark is reached; Quora received a very large investment at one point, giving them a very large valuation - similarly as Instagram received, and then Facebook bought them. I think this all in part is an effort to reenforce psychologically / show the perception that Facebook et al are worth the numbers being thrown out for them. Yes, though there's a lot to understand to be able to efficiently save the world; Every little bit and effort helps, though. So when's the class action lawsuit start, and where can I sign up? Fair enough. Thanks for the reply. I laughed out loud too far loudly for how awake I am. "The same problem exists with polls on the Internet as with quotes on the internet." — Abraham Lincoln Being a not-for-profit company doesn't mean you can't generate revenue / profit and therefore be unable to pay for R&D; I suppose Google couldn't have IPO'd then to fundraise a large amount quickly, so there is that.. What Google had and was important though was a core technology and philosophy of the founders, who then with the additional money were able to take the time to develop and evolve a solid company direction and culture. Well, there certainly is competition for engineering talent. Slippery slope. Many of us have Google in a good light because of the free tools they provide. We've given them our attention and trust when it comes to search, and therefore allow them to make money off of it. At a certain point this could backfire and allow a competitor to offer everything Google does, a good enough option, and not try to milk every cow to the last drop.. Have you ever tried to explore the "Some kid said something to me about being selfish and my self worth instantly shattered" situation with someone who does Innerchild / Regression therapy? They would eventually explore other childhood relationships, etc. and how they affected you. And sorry if I missed you saying it. I jumped around in your post, read a lot of it though. It would be interesting to see gun ownership compared to how socialized of a healthcare system / social systems each country has in place (eg: how much money they spend, could take into account tax rate then, too) I'd highly recommend Innerchild/Regression Therapy. You basically explore different subpersonalities that may have become dominant, usually as a means of a defense/coping mechanism that's no longer beneficial / serves you, and that kicks in when you're younger from different relationships / situations that happen - however where you didn't have the guidance or support to help you figure it out then; Subpersonalities such as perfectionism, worry, the fixer, caretaker, etc.. These should all be interconnected and allowed to come in and out of play when appropriate - whereby when they're dominant, they influence all of how we see the world, and affect all of our behaviours. It's great you're very self-aware, though it's helpful having someone else doing the guiding - you can let go of the having to be thinking (using your mind), and therefore your full attention can go to feeling (being in your body) and then responding, releasing, and then viewing a situation in a different light (along with some other things) - and letting go emotionally as well. The process will allow those memories to exist, and be connected to everything, to be processed/settled (in your body) instead of repressed (in your mind; which then doesn't allow those triggers to exist). I do have a contact that might know someone who's out West in the style of therapy - or at least maybe be able to point to a resource to look at; I'm in Ontario currently - may end up having an office in Vancouver someday though. Follow me on Twitter and I can DM you what I find out? @mattamyers P.S. I'm rather long-winded, often, too. :) Start going to yoga classes regularly. Bikram yoga is a good routine (the same 26 postures every class, over 90 minutes, in a hot room). Intense where it will "knock you on your ass" - and relieve anxiety pretty quickly, or at least use excess / built up energy. I'm sure many people will dismiss this as it's standard practice, the status quo has been set - though I feel when these kind of ethical issues are dealt with in a fair manner, then those platforms will be the ones who win in the end. The pricing increases far too quickly. Uhm. They are called Programming Languages. And you can be fluent, or not, at programming. "We have a problem with rushing to judgment." This is the key statement, and the behaviour perpetuated and taught by news outlets. They should be held hugely liable for misinformation and lies that go out -- sure, they legally, in the U.S. at least, have been found to be allowed to lie, but that doesn't mean they aren't liable. P.S. I somewhat hope Ryan Lanza's Facebook account was unsearchable prior to Facebook changing all accounts to being searchable - I'd like to see if any legal consequences could come of it. Or $2k per second.. So all they did was reword it, and take out "without any paid compensation to you" - as to not trigger people or make them realize they're not going to pay you, anyway? Re: http://instagram.com/p/TWWqa2tmGb/ EDIT: I stand corrected. http://instagram.com/about/legal/terms/updated/ - this quote still shows up on a different page. Redundant, however I'm guessing they direct media and other people toward the less-hostile feeling version.. Nor "at this time" doesn't mean they can't and won't add this later anyhow. This is damage control, though damage has been done. It depends - does he benefit personally from a tax writeoff from this? From all of his previous behaviour it would seem that this would more likely be the motivating factor here. I'm curious about if this benefits him (and/or the company) with tax writeoffs. Just want a clear picture to understand. If it's over their tax writeoff benefits - sure. The problem is these days much of our society, in 1st world 'developed' countries, are sick - we aren't healthy; Physically, mentally or emotionally. You shouldn't view one context without taking the whole picture, the holistic aspect, into account when analyzing a situation. It's therefore best to structure societal and cultural rules around not what the 80% of healthy will do action wise, though what the 20% on the other end of the scale might do in times of great stress and sickness -- especially because in many countries, once you're sick it's a downward spiral trying to obtain full health again (and not just getting bandaids and 'functional enough to be productive to work a basic job' -- I'm talking about getting back to happiness, being socially capable and enjoying life). Perhaps "technical founders have less far to fall" makes more sense, though even that doesn't fully work. Technical founders, at the moment being in high-demand, more so will be able to rebound. I imagine once you have a guaranteed $10-$20 million to your name, you'd not need or have any attachment to any money after that. You're dead-on -- and this is Facebook now in charge who doesn't care about your privacy, or even your settings. That was enjoyable. Great way to get publicity for their companies, too. #1 I feel this is just a scapegoat with allowing people to hope and wait 5 years for bullshit patents to expire; I don't know what a fair length of advantage time, temporarily monopoly should exist. #2 If someone isn't infringing, then sure - troll should pay. But a lot of unknowns could invalidate a patent, perhaps just decidedly not detailed enough by a judge who ends up reviewing it, which I don't think makes sense to be a point of having the troll pay for it. If a patent is seen as invalid, then it can no longer be used to sue people. #3 Agreed. #4 It would be impossible for either party to prove, so then this just leaves costs open ended for the person who owns the patent. #5 This is confusing. They seem to be trying to deal with a problem not directly associated with patents themselves? More they just want more information to make it easier if it'd be a good idea or not to infringe? You could always send an email and ask if what you're doing infringes - assuming you're not trying to patent something on top of existing patents further. Though I imagine that's not a tactic most people would be comfortable with. #6 Define what a small fraction is, vs. how important something is in an application; It could be the most valuable piece in some overall 'bloated' scheme #7 If you look at benefit to the economy, currently measured by GDP, any money being spent (on lawyers) is positive for GDP, and therefore for the economy.. In conclusion, I think these suggestions put forward by EFF are meant to deal with stopping the damage and strain trolls put on the system, though not fairly take into consideration real innovation, that actually is created, and used. Things like "swipe to the right to unlock" - I don't think that's complex enough to consider it patentable - but it is patented (I believe) - but never should have been. I am sure there are much more complex systems that people can come up with, that might take many years to develop or discover - but once known and concepts turned into something tangible, it would not take long to re-engineer, so there may not then be any incentive to attempting to develop said system; It could even take years of looking for someone to fund what you want to create that you have a patent on, especially if it's "so far out there" that people might have trouble understanding its value. Anyway - it'll be interesting to see where it all goes. I think all patents, software and not, should be thrown out. Other mechanisms would surface to allow innovation to move forward.