I presume they aren't interested in anything that AMD is selling right now, but rather Llano, AMDs APU (CPU and graphics on the same die) which has had test silicon going out to partners recently. If there are only 100 widget and there is a price such that there are exactly 100 people willing to pay the price for a widget, not only is it ok to charge that price but its probably the _socially optimal_ price for the widget since it will be the people who want the widget most who will get it, rather than the widget being distributed randomly. So the markup isn't something insane, but rather what the manufacturer should have been charging in the first place. The only bad part about reselling is that the manufacturer doesn't capture the extra sale price and invest it in making more widgets, so everyone can be happy. I found it really odd how much the MC scores increased relative to the Xeon in the one Linux benchmark they ran. Maybe there's something about the that Windows handles NUMA that doesn't agree with AMD's system? No, the critical difference is that as things currently stand none of the people involved in the drug trade have any reason to cooperate with the authorities. And really, once alcohol was legalized look at how quickly the mob violence around it disappeared. I seem to recall hearing that when alcohol was legalized the number of people drinking roughly doubled and the number of alcoholics went up by around 15% (there seems to be a correlation between substance abuse and willingness to break the law, surprise surprise). Whats that economics law that says something like "Once pressure is put upon an observed regularity in the markets for control purposes it tends to disappear"? When buyers only cared about the truth of a rating they had a pretty good reason to want the ratings to be as accurate as possible (counteracting the seller's incentives). But as soon as reserve requirements are dependent on how what the credit rating says suddenly both the buyer and the seller have an incentive for things to be rated as highly as possible. If I might ask, what windowing systems do you have experience with? While its true that desktop Linux has been lagging behind in a lot of areas it seems that a lot of innovation in window managers is happening there. Having multiple workspaces each with its own reasonably sized set of windows really eliminates the need for expose for me. Well, thats how it is at work where I use a default GNOME workspace. One the laptop I'm using right now I'm running a window manager called Awesome (its a silly name, I'll agree) that actually assigns one or more tags to each window and displays a set of tags to the main screen at once. Mostly I just have one tag per window and display one tag at a time and it ends up working like multiple workspaces, but sometimes I'm working on something where I want to toggle another window in and out repeatedly. Since Awesome has a tiling as well as a stacking mode, when I toggle the new window in all the other window rearrange themselves to accommodate it And using a tiling window manager makes it easy to do everything with the keyboard instead of having to use a mouse though you can use your mouse too if you really want to. Thanks to that and vimium I'm not sure I've had to touch my mouse yet today. Yeah, according to people around MIT talking on zephyr we get our water from Fresh Pond. Yeah, though people have made better user interfaces for it. The particular space between Twitter and IM that it sits in doesn't seem to have been colonized by anything better yet. EDIT: Though I'm sure there are people here who'd be happy to try :) You should be able to find the MIT opencourseware lectures for 6.004 (the introductory computer course) online somewhere. The idea, I think, isn't that this grey goo would get energy from dirt and rock and literally consume the Earth. Rather, it would use dirt and rock plus solar energy to grow and if its efficient enough out compete existing plants. The other bad possibility is that some nanite comes along that can digest typical organic matter but that can't be digested in turn. Then it proceeds to much on the biosphere while leaving the rest of the planet alone and just eat all the organic life (that hasn't hermetically sealed itself away). Either of these scenarios would, of course, be Bad Things. I'm not sure either is actually credible, but I'm not aware of any reason to declare them impossible. That's what I've been using for all my IMing for the last Month or so and I'm loving it. If only it worked as well for web browing... EDIT: Actually, how hard _would_ it be to make screen work with x-forwarding? This is unfortunately outside the area of my EEly expertise. Apparently Glen Beck mentioned it. Via Marginal Revolution, http://hayekcenter.org/?p=2719 I'm not sure about Dalvik on a chip, but ThumbEE is there in ARM A8s just for accelerating virtual machines. And I know at least two people using linux on their T510 laptops so I can tell you that that works. Actually people tend to really overestimate how important trenches were to the stalemate. Sure, it took a lot of effort to break through a trench line but both sides were perfectly capable of doing it when they could devote enough resources. The problem was that railroads meant that the mobility of the defenders was always much greater than the mobility of the attackers and telegraphs meant that the abilty of the defenders to coordinate was much greater than the ability of the attackers to coordinate. The internal combustion engine and radio changed this when WWII rolled around. There were also very many places where things could have turned out differently. For instance, if the Germans had stuck to the original Schlieffen plan and managed to outflank the allies they might very well have captured Paris right at the start. The post is from the forums attached to the realworldtech website. Even worse, accepting a password with special characters in the "Change Password" screen but having it not work when you try to log on with it. Evolution is just a way of explaining how someone came to be, not how they work. Being a good materialist I do think that people are reducible, but we certainly haven't been able to figure all of the steps out yet. If BMW was the only car brand out there, then yes the emergence of the Corolla would actually represent new competition. Don't the existence of thing like the Gödel sentence show that there are things that are true but which humans can't prove, contradicting the claim that this is an important distinction between humans and computers? I was annoyed at how the article just blithely asserted that wavefunctions collapse, as if that wasn't a matter of ongoing debate. In fact, Penrose is remarkable among big name physicists for being sure that wavefrom collapse occurs. http://www.hedweb.com/manworld.htm#believes "People must choose, when a computer need not choose." Perhaps I'm not understanding something, but that seems to be obviously false. A human always has the option of being unsure in the face of non-computable statements like "You can't know that this sentence is true" or such. Ok, I'll confess that I'm not sure what you're talking about when you mention second order systems. However, Godel's incompleteness theorems (plural) were a lot more general than you're suggesting. First Theorem: "Any effectively generated theory capable of expressing elementary arithmetic cannot be both consistent and complete. In particular, for any consistent, effectively generated formal theory that proves certain basic arithmetic truths, there is an arithmetical statement that is true, but not provable in the theory." Second Theorem: "For any formal effectively generated theory T including basic arithmetical truths and also certain truths about formal provability, T includes a statement of its own consistency if and only if T is inconsistent." It wasn't that Godel proved that Peano arithmetic was incomplete that shocked mathematicians, it was that he showed that _no formal system_ could ever be complete as long as remained consistent. Of course maybe this second order system isn't consistent, in which case there's no problem. After all, I'm fairly convinced that human reason isn't always perfectly consistent, so it makes sense that we can avoid Godel's theorems. Of course, I see no reason we couldn't make a slightly inconsistent computer either. There are several obvious explanations like that we evolved conciousness in order to be able to explain ourselves to other humans. But I thought Chalmers believe that the physical world was "causally closed" and that therefore a purely material feedback process like evolution couldn't select for qualia? When he said that he had just been voted out of office, and therefore perhaps not as enthusiastic about this whole "democracy" thing as he usually was. When I started learning vim I put that up on the wall next to me. It was a big big help. Emacs is a better IDE than vim, but vim is a better editor than emacs. Emacs is far easier to script and plays nicer with other programs so there are more, more useful extensions for working in various languages. On the other hand, I find vim's modal interface faster and easier on my hands than emac's chording interface. viper-mode in emacs might be ideal. I'm not optimistic about this ever being legal even if it ends up being safe and effective. The bottom line is that I can't see the FDA ever approving a mind-altering drug that isn't for a recognized disease. I've found History According to Bob endlessly fascinating; http://www.summahistorica.com/ Short, digestible college style lectures about various history topics. I might be missing something, but how is it that overall the number of leading 2s is greater than the number of leading 1s, but not in any of the constituent regions? I've had two runins with the patent system, and both have severely weakened my trust in it. Back in the day a student at my dorm in college decided tit would be a cool idea to make a webserver for our laundry machines so that we could tell if there was one free without going down to the basement. It attracted some interest, and was even Slashdotted a couple of times over the years. Between Slashdottings one and two a company applied for a patent on the idea of connecting laundry machines to web servers. Much later, after our dorms laundry server had been in operation for about a decade, they sent us a cease and desist letter. We informed them that they'd lose their patent if they took us to court and didn't suffer, but they are still charging people millions of dollars for the system their invalid patent gives them a monopoly on. After I got my Master's I started work at a consultancy that did custom sensors. They had previously outsourced their engineering, but the company that had been given the engineering work had tried to patent the ideas of the consultancy out from under them. Luckily the consultancy had filed for patents first, but the company was granted one of the patents anyways. Really? Generally I mostly simulate things whose macroscopic behaviour I don't understand, and I simulate them so that I can understand them better. C++ at work for the new code C at work for supporting the old code (and at my last job for embedded systems) Matlab at work 'cause the science phds I'm collaborating with don't know anything else Python for most random tasks (and some analysis for myself using numpy) Lua for extending my window manager Haskell (just starting) for fun Spice at my last job for circuit analysis You don't need to know more than the other market participants to do well in the stock market, you just need to know one thing that other people don't (assuming your investment is a tiny fraction of the money in the stocks you pick). You should always expect that all the information on a product that is accessible to Wallstreet traders is already factored into a stocks price, but there may be things (does this product really make sense for someone like me who lives in a small appartment, how will this inovation interact with the stuff I learned in all those technical courses I took in college) that you might better information about than the market makers. Of course, it might just be that random chance has caused the author of the post to do badly in the market and me to do well - causing us both to be biased. You should always diversify your investing and its probably a good idea to put most of your stock money into index funds. Solar hot water heating is probably a much better deal than photovoltaics. Generally, any company that is doing ok and isn't trying to expand quickly. Solar cells are expensive now, but production of them has been going up at something likely 20-30% a year for a decade. You got to figure that a lot of the price of a cell is going to the rapid ramp-up in manufacturing capacity, and that at some point the supply will have increased enough that the price will drop. That's not really true, we self-replicate all the time (thanks mom and dad). What we don't know how to do is design things that self-replicate from scratch, but we do already have plenty of existence proofs. Also, self-replication is actually easier at the molecular level because all the parts are perfectly regular. I really wish that the author would have, when complaining about "Drexler's Book", been clear about which one he was talking about. Also, "Mechanical objects on microscales do not exist" is gratuitously false, we even have really simple mechanical objects (like cantilevers) on the 100nm scale now. Yeah, but we were reusing the cell's own molecular machinery there. What I was thinking of, though I wasn't clear, was all new machinery. I found that criticism less than persuasive. If a person says that $1000 in medical bills is to low a threshold to declare a bankruptcy to be due to medical expenses, then the fact that the actual threshold the study used was even lower ($1000 in medical bills or A or B or C) doesn't detract from the argument and merely makes the critic look bad. All the other specific criticisms seem to be either equally pedantic, or matters where there could be a reasonable difference of opinion expect for his proper criticism of her for getting the response rate of the survey wrong which does significantly effect one of the points Megan raised in the article that was being debunked. McArdle didn't distinguish between covered and uncovered bills in her writing, and given the context (covered bills can't push someone into bankruptcy by definition) it was pretty clear she meant uncovered bills. So yes, the author is being pedantic for insisting that something that was clear from context be spelled out. My main workspace has several terminals, each with multiple tabs open, mostly with copies of vim running. It might work better than King's experiment, I would guess that Stephenson's natural audience is more willing to read things online. " As a society, what is our solution to this so-called problem? We add another layer of victimization on these innocent women who are already victimized!" 'Fun' fact, one out of every 50 times a prostitute in Chicago has sex she's doing it with a cop for no money so he doesn't arrest her. I'm not sure that anything you're saying there contradicts what was in the article (or the headline), though thank you for detailing what the article calls just "new therapies that work". The article seems to have been written in the context of the numerous people who have been sent to jail solely on the testimony of people who thought they had repressed memories which psychotherapists were able to recover. See wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satanic_ritual_abuse The SCUD was doing a much easier job, though. And the amount the patriot missed by is actually pretty close to the accuracy of a SCUD at hitting its target. Ah, I was sort of hoping to find that someone had made a theme with syntax highlighting as useful as fish's. I think your post is actually an excellent example of the thing being warned against. If you say "Doing X will maximize growth" that is perfectly scientific, but if you say "Doing X will maximize growth and therefore science says we must do X" is not, because the audience might give some weighting to things besides maximizing growth, changing the outcome. After all "an ought cannot be derived from as is" and people claiming to do so deserve to be criticized. And if all you've got is a statistical correlation without any good causal reasoning it always pays to remember Goodhart's law. "Most astonishing to Rhee was how easily the contract was finally approved. “The entire time the union was fighting us, they said, ‘Our members are never gonna accept this’—then it passed by an 80 to 20 percent vote!” she exclaims." Hah, never assume that the interests of the teachers and their union representatives (or any other set of elected officials) always coincide. Specifically, proposals to decrease the number of workers but raise their pay (and/or give large amounts of money to those layed off) often bring workers and unions into conflict. On behalf of an ex-girlfriend, I feel obliged to point out that the Big Five personality test is a lot more well grounded than Briggs Meyer, and is the one that's used in actual scientific research these days. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Five_personality_traits But doesn't Apple already have user interface guidelines to let them reject apps that (inappropriately) behave the same way on different platforms? Reading that mostly made me appreciate how much my Linux Distro does for me. First, let me say that you should all read that link he posted. Second, worry about my ability to distinguish real dangers from fake makes me avoid many sources of news. To get a sense of what dangers are actually real, I pay attention to the lives of people I know and read my local police log occasionally. I also try to learn as little about people who get into the news for doing stupid/petty things as possible - no need to give them encouragement. Actually, I suspect that the victims just shared their addresses with everyone. While I also don't use AdBlock for the reasons you described and because I think I owe it to sites I enjoy, I always browse with Flashblock enabled. Still images I can interact with at my own pace - flashing or moving images are just too distracting. > GCC is also a piss poor compiler by any standard, that's why many people have such high hopes for LLVM. I hear this a lot, but when I see places where people have actually done benchmarks GCC usually doesn't come out too bad, and when you look at the correctness of the code (for C at least) its hard to find something better than GCC. Oh the other hand clueless people often don't realize that they're clueless. For instance when I was in high school I took a C++ class and never touched it again until much later, but I still had it on my resume for a long time because I didn't realize how little I had learned or how much I had forgotten until I was extremely embarrassed at a job interview. Also, sometimes the sales tax might or might not be applied depending on the status of the purchaser. When I was a in college the campus stores would always have to ask us if were students, since only non-students paid state sales tax. You may think its simply of the better of the two options, but other people think that being the person to cause any deaths is simply the better of the two options and its good and useful that we have words like "utilitarianism" and such that let us talk about these differences. While I distrust the author's claims to be able to reliably distinguish devices created by data thinking and design thining irrespective of final quality (I'm having a hard time thinking of a situation more rife with the potential for hindsight bias) he does make a number of good points. Perhaps the best was that if you're trying to grow a market then being like your competitors is probably the wrong was to go about. A common expression of mockery with a group of friends is that a company is "trying to differentiate by embracing the dominant paradigm." These seems related. The article was very interesting and I was also interested in the "Removing a Button" article they linked to: http://www.uie.com/articles/three_hund_million_button/ I recently bought something from the website of a company that does that exact same thing wrong and made me hesitate a long while before purchasing. I sent the article to them and hope they change their setup, I really want them to succeed. Another important difference that went along with Boyd's thesis is that the Sabres had less obstructed canopies, letting the pilot see around themselves more easily. Not only did Boyd make important contributions to the theory of air combat (and contests under time pressure in general), he helped develop ways to quantify the manoeuvrability of aircraft leading to the F-15 and F-16. Generally, if you know where you're going its a lot faster to just start typing a search until you get to the word you want than to mess around with j and w (why incremental search isn't default eludes me). I won't claim that will always be faster than a mouse, but it should narrow the difference a lot. I totally agree with you about the clipboard issues though. I'm sort of disappointed that on the personalized layout they didn't suggest doing something useful with the caplock key. Why did you feel it neccesary to criticize his coding skills when we are discussing a semi-humorous piece of writing though? Does Reymond's skill or lack thereof these days effect whether the Unix Koans are worthwhile? If there's something wrong or inaccurate in them surely you could point that out rather than proceeding straight to criticizing their source. I'm having trouble understanding your comments here as anything other than defensiveness or elitism. While Microsoft Office has the majority of the market, growing the network of relatively compatible alternatives is going to help Google Docs. I wonder how close people's guesses as to wealth are to the actual distribution of income in the US? Lamarckian evolution doesn't exist... except as specifically evolved via Darwinian evolution. Its fairly well known that starvation can make even a human's grandchildren smaller on average, so it shouldn't be surprising that other starvation related metabolic effects can be passed on too. Hard drive space is cheap but bandwidth less so. Having only one copy of a library makes downloading, installing, and updating your OS much easier. Generally speaking, two vulnerable apps is less than twice as bad as one vulnerable app - and if a centralized repository means that all of your apps are fixed sooner they its a big win. Trying to confine myself to books I haven't seen others mention: "Guns, Votes, and Democracy" is a wonderful book about democracy in the third world and is both insightful and surprisingly readable. "The Retreat to Commitment" is the only philosophy book I'd actually recommend. "The Design of Everyday Things" is a book for anyone who makes or uses things. "The Transparent Society" is a thought provoking book on the future of privacy. "The Mystery of Capital" is a book on the importance of non-corrupt government in successful capitalism, a good point of view to have in addition to Rand. "The Strategy of Conflict" on how to use game theory in the real world, and negotiations especially. As someone who is rather attached to the idea of entitlement programs, I fear you're right. However the amount of good that could be done by more open borders is likely to be much greater than the good done social programs, so this looks like a place I'll have to just grin and bear it. That graph doesn't show that people are hoarding cash, it shows that they are saving. If they're investing in stocks the money doesn't go out of circulation and if they put it in a bank it mostly doesn't go out of circulation. All of which isn't to say that there are people or institutions hoarding money, only that your graph is irrelevant to that. Or possibly so many developers are just used to using ALT-button 2 that it isn't a pain point for them. I think I've heard that Suse is more popular outside the US? In any event, another good reason for running RHEL is when there' a legal requirement that you can't use "freeware". Mostly the place I'm at develops on CentOS and then pays Red Hat for what we ship simply because then we'll have paid someone for what we ship. Pretty much everyone I know who runs Linux on their laptop uses a Thinkpad. They don't come with Linux installed but they tend to have good driver support and pretty good quality. You might also consider system76, but I don't have experience with those. EDIT: I'm currently running Linux on my T410. Suspend was broken with Ubuntu 10.4, but everything works perfectly now with 10.10. I think the reason suspend didn't work for me was that I had the new version of Intel graphics whereas with a 510 you probably had NVidia graphics. Still, given that the new Intel graphics system had only been out for a few months when 10.04 came out I'm not really complaining too much. The Mayas compared well with the ancient Greeks in many areas but were still stone age some. If you're looking at contemporary comparisons they support the article's point. Human rights? Working in a sweatshop beats being a farmer, which is what workers in those sweatshops would be doing if they weren't employed there or in places like them. Because its usually better to give your money to someone who's desperately poor than to someone who's moderately poor, even if you give less money in the first case than in the second? If you're arguing that South Korea and Taiwan are politically free and that its better to give money to democracies thats understandable. But its pernicious to think that giving a desperately poor person something which is far less than you could give makes you morally responsible for their plight, causing you to avoid helping them at all. South Korea and Taiwan clawed their way up to being only sort of poor through working in sweatshops (and before them Japan did too), the sweatshop system is something we should actually be encouraging in the short term while we work on improving infrastructure and education in poor countries. EDITED: 'if' to 'is' You're anthropomorphizing here horribly. There's no entity called "The Sweatshop business" that sits around with an evil expression on his face plotting on how to make more sweatshops and taking my money, the system in only an abstraction for the wide variety of people, workers and capitalists, each with their own goals and desires that when taken together produce the things that we call sweatshops. This is important because if you are lazy and rely on anthropological reasoning ("I'm the sweatshop system, of course I want more sweatshops") you won't be able to make correct predictions about how the world will change in response to your actions. Yes my money goes to a person. I hand off my money to the clerk at the store and then it travels around and eventually some of it goes to the suppliers of raw materials, some of it goes into the pockets of the capitalists who provided the funding, and some of it goes to pay the wages of yonder sweatshops workers. In principle that's quite possible, but China hasn't had that sort of central planning for decades now. What China does do is use its redidency permit system to restrict many of the people who want to move to the cities from the countryside from doing so. This actually raises of the wages of Chinese workers from the $3-4 per day you'd expect given China's level of rural poverty up into the $5 per day range. If China were to become democratic of course there's no way the repressive residency system would last (that's what Item 8 of the Charter 08 is partially about) and the urban workers know this. Thus China tries to prevent democratic revolution (which tends to be urban) by coopting the urban workers. EDIT: Edited a bit for clarity. EDIT2: Actually, reading up on wikipedia it seems that most of the price controls weren't removed until the mid 90s, so I exaggerated when I said "decades". My bad. Another reason we've stopped getting faster is that we've reached a point where velocity saturation in silicon has become an important issue: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Velocity_saturation Nothing against the language, directly, but the the name seems to similar to lua (which means moon in Portuguese) for something that can also be billed as "A better javascript". Totally agree about Unions, and I think that one of the reasons that nil is there might be because there aren't any yet. I'm not sure I agree about overloading, though. Maybe something like Haskell's infix notation (1 `add` 2) would be good enough. I don't think its clear that ARM would actually be that competitive with x86 at the high end. Many ARM features, like conditional execution, are great for increasing IPC for traditional in-order designs, but make complicated OoO designs more difficult. As you have bigger more featureful chips the relative cost of x86's decoding stage becomes less significant too. All of which isn't to say that the article is wrong and that ARM isn't about to take over the mainstream (I could see it happening but wouldn't bet on it). You have something better than a degree, you have work experience. I really wouldn't be worried about the number of unemployed people around - you have specialized skills that are in demand and most of them don't. It may be that they'll all try to apply to any job they see, making the matching of jobs to candidates harder for all concerned but I really wouldn't worry about it too much. I think this is probably a good time to plug the book "The Myth of the Rational Voter" on why our government tends to end up the way it does. I'd seen the book plugged by people I trusted but still sort of expected to it be an overview of rational ignorance plus some amusing anecdotes. Instead, it convinced me that rational ignorance can't explain bad outcomes in the first 5 pages, and went on to totally overturn my ideas about democratic government - though looking back I'd already seen many of the general principles the book outlined in certain special cases. Not really, the government can already tax away all the money it wants and (thanks to withholdings) probably annoy people less. What you're describing feels like the sort of thing municipalities do to get money from people who live in other towns, like shorten yellows on streetlights with speed cameras. The federal government doesn't really need to do stuff like that, though, and compared to the money its already getting from you this is peanuts. You seem to be missing a word on that last sentence, so my apologies if I'm misreading you. John Carmack talked about what he saw as the problem getting worse, and I think he would say that most of what we spent money on 200 years ago was money well spent. In fact, I would be very surprised if there were many things that the government did 200 years ago which he would be against the government continuing to do. I don't really think that anarcho-capitalists are _that_ crazy. I'd be quite happy if some of them were to try getting together and building their utopia somewhere, because I'm honestly curious as to how it would end up playing out. I mean, I strongly suspect it would be worse than the government we have now - but would it be that much worse? People even managed to make communism work for a little while and this seems a bit less crazy a priori. You only have to pay for marketing for the drugs that make it through FDA trials, not the 9 others that didn't. It doesn't actually work that way, if you think about it. In an election your vote pretty much doesn't matter. That means that if you're just going to vote for your own self interest you might as well not bother getting out of bed in the morning. Instead people mostly vote in ways that let them tell themselves that they're good people. Empirically, this is pretty well backed. For instance there isn't much correlation between income and how people vote on taxes, or between age and how they vote on social security. Of course people have little incentive to find out which policies will bring actual good results as opposed to those which superficially seem nice. Luckily politicians who hope to be reelected can't do anything that turns out to be too stupid in practice... some fraction of the time. And so we sort of muddle our way through things. Don't worry about schools, just worry about what 90% of economists agree on and it'll be a huge improvement. http://gregmankiw.blogspot.com/2009/02/news-flash-economists... Only 2 percent of nonsalaried workers earn minimum wage. ---What I said about efficiency in China is a faithful description of what academic econ commonly says. Moving production to the location with the highest comparative advantage is the most efficient things for a market to do, that doesn't imply that the final producer is the most efficient producer. ---Still, my explanation for why China is sewing the buttons and South Carolina is not is correct: The government in China makes their young women offers they can't refuse. So what about all the young woman in Taiwan where this happened before China was the low-wages threat? What about South Korea before that or Japan before that? The "offer they can't refuse" is that if a young woman goes to a factory she makes twice as much as she did on the farm, but with better access to "nutrition, medical care, information systems, transportation systems, public health, public education" than she would have had on the farm. From a global welfare perspective its a lot better that three Chinese women go from desperate rural poverty to moderate (by global standards) urban poverty even if it means some woman in Carolina going from working in a textile factory to a lower paid job at Walmart. Don't decide that the FDA is risk averse on that one example, but I hope you can see how, in general, the FDA has every incentive to be too cautious. If the FDA approves a drug and people die then there'll be political hell. If the FDA delays the approval of a medicine by a year and a few people die during that year who could have been saved pretty much no one will say anything, and even if they never approve a needed mediation then only if its for a disease with a well organized group of sufferers (think AIDS or breast cancer) will there be a political price. Its a testament to the altruism of the people who work at the FDA that they approve things at all, since the politics of the situation are so against them. I've only seen one study researching whether the FDA is too risk adverse overall. If you look at the number of drugs denied approval to, you find that the FDA saves about 2,000 lives each year, which is really awesome. On the other hand if you look at drugs that are later approved but which are delayed in testing you find that the FDA causes between 5,000 and 20,000 excess deaths each year, which sort of sucks. All of this doesn't include the effects of making drug companies more careful about which drugs they try out, which really might go either way in its effect. Remember when looking at those number that there's a definite diminishing returns effect with each additional level of inspection saving less lives but costing the same amount. Of course, this is only one study but its the only one I've seen. If anyone could point to more data I'd be quite grateful. I think you believe I'm trying to get rid of the FDA here. I'm not, I just want it to approve new drugs more quickly. Generally I'm in favor of things like the late 80s/early 90s reform which reduced the gap in approval speed between the US and Europe * , or like HR.6270 (which never made it to vote) which would let terminally ill patients use drugs that haven't been proven safe yet. There's no reason to get rid of the FDA, its probably both better and politically easier to reform it. *Europe generally approved drugs much more quickly than the US (well, United Kingdom, France, Spain, and Germany at least) and there wasn't any statistically significant difference in the number of bad drugs let through. People noticed that and hence the reforms in the early 90s. For instance, you could use propranolol to treat hypertnsion in most of Europe by '68, but not in the US until '78. That cost 10,000s of lives right there. Luckily the modern FDA is better - though it still needs improvement. If a cargo plane blows up over a highly populate area it will kill about a dozen people (see example in blog comments). This isn't nothing, but its pretty hard to get your bombs set to blow up at the exact right time. As to 9/11, that was a hijacking rather than a bomb and an entirely different attack vector. Erm , no it wasn't. Opium was illegal in China which is part of the reason that China ended up at war with Britain where it was legal. Its totally unfair to use that as an argument for legalization since the problem was more complicated than that, but its also unfair to use it as an argument against legalization. I'm personally sort of scared that Mexico will just give up on the drug war, and the US will retaliate by making cross-border trade really difficult, totally screwing over both economies. GPS won't work inside a metal shell, which is what cargo compartments on airplanes are (passenger airplanes have windows). 1. Yes 2. Yes 3. No, cargo planes are metal boxes and cell phone signals can't make it in, so jammers would be superfluous. Then it explodes when loaded into the cargo hold, in which case only the loaders die and the terrorists could have done much better with just a bomb on a street corner. And families being destroyed by alcohol is almost a stereotype. The thing about MITI, though, is that they weren't very good at predicting the future, just at getting everyone on the same page. They initially tried to prevent Japanese car manufacturers from getting into the export business, and tried to prevent Sony from licencing the transistor. They reversed course quickly once it was obvious how the markets were responding, but its hard to call them crazy geniuses. These are relatively tiny nukes coming in one at a time - the sort of thing we might see if attacked by North Korea or Iran in 10 years. The fusion weapons used by the USSR were fifty to five thousand times as powerful. By the time new members get organized enough to start pushing for reforms, they're not far away from becoming senior members. They can't leave the union because the union doesn't want the airline to hire non-union workers. It isn't as bad as the UAW, though, where the majority of the voters aren't even workers any more but rather retirees. They can't vote in certain elections, but are otherwise still full memebers. See here: http://www.uaw.org/node/158 Not to defend the patent system too much, my experience with it mostly involves a second parties trying to patent ideas that others came up with, but there seems to be a bit of a selection effect problem here. Of all the people who consider copying something patented, some fraction of them are stopped by the presence of the patent. Of all the people who independently invent something you would expect only a very small percentage to be stopped by a patent. Also, someone who knowingly copies someone else's work knows to hide the fact. So unless we know what percentage of people were stopped from copying someone else's work without the need for a lawsuit, this study alone doesn't tell us very much about the social costs and benefits of patents by itself. I tend to believe that our patent system is too strong and I might very well mention it in discussions with proper caveats, but we need more research. Changing the behavior of bullies is the responsibility of adults, not the child being bullied. Of course we should be trying to change his behavior, but throwing that demand on your kid as he's being bullied is irresponsible. As someone who also reads a lot of fiction, I think this fic is in great need of a good editor... but that after the normal publication process it would be as good as anything Asimov or Heinlein wrote. AMD seems to have done the right thing here. They aimed for the weak point between CULV and Atom and actually hit it, plus they added some pretty good graphics too with a small number of chips overall. We actually have a very good idea how much damage x-rays and millimeter waves do to the human body, since we've been dealing with both technologically for many years. Because x-rays are used in medical devices that have to be approved by the FDA, we've developed some very good ideas about what sort of doses are harmful and which aren't. The damage done by the x-ray scans used by the TSA do indeed produce damage, measured in Sieverts - a scale used by medical technicians, nuclear power plant operators, NASA, etc. Generally a dose of 1 Sievert all at once is enough to make you sick. Radiation expose is usually measured in milliSieverts and a person who doesn't do anything dangerous will usually receive a couple of milliSieverts a year just from the sun and the radioactive decay of things like the carbon in their body. Going through a TSA x-ray scanner will give you about a microSievert (or 1/1000 of a milliSievert) unless you do something like stop in the middle of the scanner and daydream. Because flying on a plane involves going higher with less atmospher to protect you from radiation from outer space, even short flights tend to cause you to rack up 10 microSieverts and longer flights will give you more. So even if you fly every day the excess dose you're getting from the machines is ignorable, and if you are flying every day its only increasing the amount of radiation you're getting by 10%. As to millimeter waves, well, I'm not sure quite what mechanism they could possibly use to be dangerous, since they're less energetic than the visible light that we're exposed to every day. If you're inclined to worry about stuff like that, I'd recommend worrying more about fluorescent lights (where all the energy is concentrated in a few frequencies and which we're exposed to for long periods of time) or cell phones and wireless access points (which have about the same energy as the TSA devices, and which we're exposed to for long periods of time). There's clearly a level of money you could offer that would get most people taking it and I sort of agree that $3000 isn't a huge test of loyalty, but at the same time its a really good idea. The people who are most effected by relatively small amounts of money like this are marginal employees - people who don't really think they'll be happy at Zappos or are just working there until something better comes along. If you're getting rid of people who wouldn't have stuck around that long anyways it seems like a really good deal for Zappos (you don't have to pay the wages of the employee _or the people who were training them_). It seems like a really good and obvious in retrospect idea that many other companies might be wise to adopt. Generally when a company fails it goes into bankrupcy, where the process is designed to keep the business functioning while things proceed. So even if Amazon or Google declared bankruptcy tomorrow Adsense and Amazon Marketplace would go on. The people who would be in trouble would be the people who Google owed money to, which was very much the concern with Lehman Brothers. Where did we see failing of the current process? Not the financial system, which obviously failed, but the bankruptcy process. I'm not aware of any company suddenly closing up shop during the crisis. We didn't use follow the normal rules with the automakers but that was because it would have been bad politically for the UAW to lose their pensions, rather than out of any inability of bankruptcy to keep the automakers going in some form. If you have specific examples of things suddenly shutting down during the crisis apart from debt repayments or people being less willing to spend money, I'd be really interested in hearing it. Ah, Benford's Law. Hearing about it inspired me to do my master's thesis looking at the statistics of what actually enters an adder when you're running real life programs in terms of neighbor and auto-correlations for the various bits, instead of just assuming that they're all Bernoulli processes. Two responses to that. First, I'm not quite sure you appreciate the cost of that industrialization. The USSR achieved fast extensive growth in its early years by forcing a very high savings rate. What does that mean? They exported lots of grain to buy machinery. Where did the grain come from? The peasants. What did the peasants do after their grain was taken? They starved. The general attitude during this time (which helped the Party consolidate power) was not so much of withholding food from dissidents, but rather withholding food from anyone who couldn't make a convincing case for how they were benefiting the party or the state. So most of the progress in bring up the USSR industrial capacity per person was due to increasing industrial capacity, but a notable part of it was due to decreasing the number of people as well. Second, forced savings is a good strategy for playing catchup industrially when there are lots of obvious ways you can invest the savings (called extensive growth). Its possible to mess this up (see the Great Leap Forward) but if the beaurocrats are competent its possible. But when you've urbanized and need to start specializing more to keep growing the economy finding efficient ways to do so becomes harder (you're in intensive growth). Its here that government directed industrial policies tend to fail (or at least work more slowly than less directed solutions) due to coordination problems. First, they do often fail and are replaced by new companies where sclerosis hasn't set in yet. Second, even huge megacorps are tiny compared to countries. Microsoft is about the same population as Antigua and Barbuda, and if Antigua and Barbuda tried to go the Soviet state controlled economy route I predict that they would be much more successful at it than the Soviets were because its much easier to govern a smaller country. I seem to recall that there was also a small but significant minority of conservatives, who were freaked out about civil rights abuses under Clinton but then became strangely silent under Bush. Government powers are always less scary when the face on them is someone you feel is a member of your tribe. Partially this is from reading a book by a Soviet ex-patriot (who I'll admit might be lying) and partially from the textbooks from my early Soviet history class in college. I'd give you better references, but my books are at home and I'm not right now. The population grew from 1926 to 1937, but not from 1930 to 1937 - which is the reason the producers of the 1937 census were sent to the gulag. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soviet_Census_(1937) And the discussion about Soviet population statistics in this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ukranian_famine I should also point out that during the 1920-1940 period the USSR did a lot of territorial expansion into the lands held by the Whites, and then later into the Baltic states and grabbing parts of Finland and Poland. I'll admit, though, that given that we're talking about the industrialization period in general I shouldn't be talking about a decreasing population since over the whole early industrialization timeframe the population did rise even without considering conquest. I would have done better to day "but a notable part of it was due to keeping population growth down with the use of famines." I think a second big factor in this is that people tend to suffer from scope insensitivity, so it feels much nicer to win $5 ten times and then lose $100 once than it feels to lose $5 ten times and win $100 once. I'm not sure about subsecond windows, but 24 hour windows certainly matter. Say you're planning on making a big order of lumber for your mill and you're ordering from a market with zero speculation so the prices jump up and down with the supplier's inventory. It makes a lot of sense then to wait a few days (during which your machines and workers are idle) to get the best price possible. I'm not going to say that high frequency trading serves a useful purpose, but to me that looks like a zero-sum struggle between Wall Street firms for profits that Wall Street deserves for doing its thing on a minute to minute or hour to hour level. So this is how Intel is going to go after the embedded space without having to offer embeddable CPUs. ARM has done very well because people like cell phone manufacturers can take an ARM attach some specialized cellphone DSP logic, and put it in a cellphone as one space-saving package. Since Intel was never going to allow something like this it was a big factor holding them back, but with an FPGA that third parties can put their specialized cellphone or whatever stuff in Intel will be able to get into this game at only a minor disadvantage. Not an actual disagreement, but remember to consider General von Manstein's thoughts on intelligence and energy too: “There are only four types of officers. First, there are the lazy, stupid ones. Leave them alone, they do no harm. Second, there are the hard-working intelligent ones. They make excellent staff officers, ensuring that every detail is properly considered. Third, there are the hard-working, stupid ones. These people are a menace, and must be fired at once. They create irrelevant work for everybody. Finally, there are the intelligent lazy ones. They are suited for the highest office.” What do you mean grammatically incorrect? The singular they was used by Shakespeare for heaven's sake, its not some recent invention. Rather, the prejudice against the singular they (and the split infinitive) stem from when people looked down on ways in which English deviated from the rules of Latin. Personally, I think its silly to call any construct thats been in use for hundreds of years among educated people% and serves a useful purpose "ungrammatical". %The Chicago Manual of style lists "Addison, Austen, Chesterfield, Fielding, Ruskin, Scott, and Shakespeare." No. The e^x properties of imaginary number are way easier than mucking about with much more complex equations involving sine and cosine. From accidents in the early days of nuclear research and extrapolation. An example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demon_core Japan style stagflation? Japan has been suffering deflation during its recent period of stagnation. Indeed, the Japan central bank has long worked hard to insure that inflation in Japan remains roughly 0%, and they have on average succeeded at this, with some years the yen increasing in value and some years decreasing - but generally these changes cancelling out. Indeed, many people like Milton Friedman have blamed the bank's insistance on 0 inflation for playing a role in Japans economic problems. I wouldn't bet on inflation. Inflation is most directly caused by people's expectations about inflation - and the market's expectations as seen in the difference in price between inflation protected securities and securities that aren't inflation protected (the TIPS spread) is still that inflation will remain low. "The Noah principle: predicting rain doesn’t count, building arks does." -Warren E. Buffett Really? They seemed to print hand-wringing articles about how developed countries are too far in dept semi-regularly until the recent financial crisis. Example: http://www.economist.com/node/275183 Are you involved in web development? It probably is about equal there, but where I work we have a substantial contingent of people who use Python on top of C or C++ for hardware control or who have switched from Matlab to Python, but I don't think I know a single Ruby user. Given that our current Lithium batteries decay over time, its not unreasonable to suspect that new ones based on this technology will too. Individual households, small business, and the government are all actors in the free market that are within the same ballpark as corporations. And any of these is quite capable of forming hiveminds too - as do individual government departments, charitable organizations, political parties, labor unions, professional associations, and internet discussion forums. You can't see the change in the overall economy, but you can see if the people who you gave the tax cut to are investing or spending more. But its not too far from being true, wages have increased very slowly vs. GDP. What _has_ risen at the same rate as the GDP is the amount spent on employee compensation, but that includes wages, benefits, and the costs of administering the first two. A lot of this is rising health-care costs that have been increasingly been met by employer provided health insurance, but part of it is just companies preferring to give compensation in ways that won't be taxed. I've had that taped to my office wall since way back when I decided to use Vim. That, and the intermediate learning cheatsheets here were very useful. http://www.viemu.com/a_vi_vim_graphical_cheat_sheet_tutorial... I don't really see why we should try to be indpendant in energy rather than copper or cars or anything else. Trade and specialization are important and its only nationalism to want to try to produce everything in one's own country. Now if you're saying that we shouldn't be dependant on the the particular countries that now produce oil I might agree, but what would be wrong with the US being dependant on Mexican solar energy or Brazilian sugarcane? Really? If you consider that more poeple would be living in and paying rent for the cheap housing than for the expensive housing it isn't obvious that this would all go one way. I don't think that we can or should try to totally eliminate the variations in income among neighborhoods, but we can stop passing laws that make it worse. I'm not sure the historical record bears that out. The problem that popular moral philosophies have is that over time they accrete rationalizations for allowing their adherents to do what they wanted to do anyways. Thats one reason why converts, who might not have been exposed to the culture surrounding these ideas, are often the most fanatical. If you like Banks you might consider checking out the other two members of the "Scottish Clique", Ken Macleod and Charles Stross. Both write some really good stuff. Other new good hard SF writers might be Cory Doctorow, Michael Chabon, Rachel Swirsky, Sara Genge, Geoffrey Landis, Elizabeth Bear, Ted Chiang, Paolo Bacigalupi, Aliette de Bodard, Mary Robinette Kowal, Charlie Jane Anders, Felicity Shoulders, and Ian Tregillis. I haven't read them all, but they're all at least on my reading list for good hard SF due to recommendations from friends I trust. And I'll second the Alistair Reynolds recommendation too. We live in a society where its ok to joke approvingly about prisoner's suffering violent rape. Of course our prisons are horrible to be in. He's certainly good, I really loved Distress, but I guess I don't think of him as new. Which is sort of silly I guess, given that he's still putting out stuff. If we're including him might as well do Bruce Sterling as well. I'm rereading "Distraction" at the moment and it hold up pretty darn well - except for failures of understanding about the economics of software development. I love Vinge as much as the next guy, but he really hasn't done much in "the last 10 years." Well, except Rainbows End which was pretty good. So now it seems that AMD is going in a more GPGPU direction, incorporating the equivalents of some of the changes that NVidia made with their most recent architecture. Except that policemen and prosecutes only ever interact with a jury once, and judges are often former prosecutors making them sympathetic to what prosecutors have to do to win cases. Have you been following the "Videotaping the police" meta-story thats been coming up these last couple of years? Even when video evidence laters shows that a police officer was lying on the stand there are seldom any consequences, and those are usually just a period of paid leave. In High School civics class Back In The Day we discussed a study that showed that a significant majority of Americans would agree with the statement "People should be able to advocate any political belief, no matter how wrong" but an equally significant majority would disagree with "People should be able to advocate Nazi beliefs." That is, people hold many abstract beliefs that they don't apply to specific situations. The problem is that Comcast wants to sell "20 megabits down, 20 megabits up, no torrent traffic" but market it as "20 megabits down, 20 megabits up". Which is actually a problem that doesn't require complete network neutrality to solve, but might benefit from government intervention. This is sort of a divisive issue for Libertarians. On the one hand, patents extend the reach of Capitalism into new places, which some libertarians who are reflexively pro-Capitalism like. On the other hand, patents are government restrictions on what you can do with your property, so more consistent (imho) Libertarians tend to be against them. But on the other hand, Martha Coakley just narrowly lost a senate election, so while there is some rare downside risk to prosecutorial misconduct, there's the potential upside of being elected to high office for being "tough on crime". The notion that you ought to be willing to become an expert in any field if your need is great enough is entirely in line with the ethos of Hacker News. I seem to recall a similar study I heard about a while ago, showing that although the average life expectancy of Norway was a lot higher than that of the US, people of Norwegian descent in the US tended to live longer than those in Norway. Lets see, for the simple text editing: qa/vim yypjddq@a@a so 18. qa/v yypJDq@a@a 15 Arg, the fact that Y and yy are synonyms always messes me up. Why can't it be like c/C/cc and d/D/dd? Yes, the TSA's policies cause somewhere on the order of 100 extra road deaths each year. Not for every piece of software I install on my computer, but if I'm doing it for work or if its important like an OS or a cellphone plan I do try to read the entire document. Its really not that bad if you're willing to take a few minutes and they aren't written purposefully to be hard to understand - just to be legally precise. Yes, and I've also seen 150 road deaths on one http://www.thenewamerican.com/index.php/usnews/constitution/... and 190.7 deaths via all TSA causes in another that even includes methodoloty http://patrick.wagstrom.net/weblog/2010/11/24/do-the-tsa-new... The bias of those sources might skew their results, but I really doubt the number is less than 50, hence my use of "on the order of". I don't think that ARM is as clear a win in high performance areas as you seem to think. ARM does let you get away with not having most of the decode logic that an x86 has to carry around, but thats pretty small penuts compared to out-or-order logic with a decent reorder window size, or a wide execution cluster with the associated bypass network. And while instruction predication does let you avoid a lot of branching nearly for free in the ARM architecture it makes out of order logic much less effective because now there are a lot more dependencies between instructions. That was the reason the Alpha team decided not to use predication, even though they were familiar with the idea. Its also why the Itanium, an in order architecture, used predication. As the other commenter pointed out, I'm talking about instruction predication (also called conditional execution) instead of branch prediction. In any ISA you have branches that might or might not execute depending on some conditions. With ARM, the first four bits of every single instruction - not just branches but loads and stores, addition and subtraction, etc - are used to specify under what conditions the instruction will be executed - so you can have small 'if' statements that don't actually need any branches when they're compiled. All that is really pretty awesome if you're designing your processor to go in order, but if you want to try out of order execution it becomes more complicated. Now you have to check every instruction to see if its predicated, and if it is you now have a new dependency on the previous arithmetic instruction even if there isn't any data dependency between the two. Of course you could argue that if you find a predicated instruction in ARM code then its replacing a branch that would be in x86 code, and that overall your job is no harder. And you could go back and forth arguing over it. The important thing to remember, though, is the things that give the ARM ISA inherent advantages when you're making low power, in order processors aren't necessarily advantages when you're talking about high performance, high power processors. The most exciting thing about the new processors are the AVX instructions and we're going to have to wait a bit more to see gains from those. With Sandybridge Intel created a new set of instructions to replace/supplement SSE. There are some nice things about them that ought to mean that they should have higher performance. However, no existing software uses them so the AVX stuff isn't being used right now. In N months when software has code execution paths using AVX we might see these guys pull ahead of Nehalem processors. AMD will have its own processors using AVX coming out soon too. On thing I didn't realize immediately. Since the larger registers are program state that has to be stored and restored between thread switches you need operating system support before you can enable AVX. Apparently this is coming to Windows in service pack 1 of Windows 7. I don't know. For all that some people treat Ayn Rand's stuff as The End Of All Wisdom it can also do good - it shook me out of some bland and unconsidered pieties that Hollywood had instilled in me. I have a fair number of huge disagreements with Rand and don't really respect her much as a thinker - but I'm still glad I read the book when I did. The law was different back when Google was having its IPO. That law has but Sarbanes-Oxely, which has caused Facebook to avoid an IPO and Google not to, was much more recent. It must have been a very compelling dog and pony show that Microsoft put on to get ActiveX mandated by law in South Korea. The fact that people are getting smarter over time is the firm scientific consensus and I'd think that most science writers should know that: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flynn_Effect Brain volume contributes to a lot of things. It might be that we're getting clumsier, or that we're less visually perceptive than our ancestors were. But we can be sure that IQs aren't going down. On the other hand AMD's chips will be much, much cheaper to produce between using less transistors and working on an older process. But there are also cultures that say that someone who doesn't demand a bribe is selfishly turning down money he could use to support his relatives out of fear of punishment for bribe taking. I very much agree about window management being much easier on Linux. Windows 7 made things better, but there's still a ways to go before they catch up with Gnome in this regard. And you'll notice that the BBC and CNN reports don't have any of the background or details that would give you intellectual gratification. "Mossad killed a guy, here are all the press releases we were sent" like the BBC and CNN news certainly wouldn't belong on Hackers News, but I think this article does. I think their interview's might be a little uneven. I was asked how to swap the values of two registers in hardware and I said something about muxes and lines. When the interviewer sounded skeptical I started expounding on different types of latches and their properties. In retrospect I think they wanted the xor trick, but that's really a firmware or software thing. Needless to say I didn't get the real interview. Thumb1 sort of sucked at performance so the only people who used it were the ones who were very memory-constrained. Thumb2 is much better. Presumably the professionals who have a financial stake in the matter have the time to submit their videos again and again and again, while actual amateurs don't. At least, thats what seems to happen on craigslist in many catagories so I presume the same dynamic holds on "user-created" porn sites. If you're doing these on an industrial scale a liquid salt battery might be worth while. But the working poor who suffer only because they haven't had opportunities are the ones who "have life expectancies, security of food and shelter and rates of possession of consumer durables that mark them out as among the blessed of history." All of which isn't to say that we can't afford to do more to help the unfortunate in our country, but comparing the plight of the poor in the US to the plight of the poor in, say, the Congo is ludicrous. But if the only bad thing about being poor is comparing yourself to people who are better off then thats not a problem that we'd ever be able to solve. If we're actually increasing poor people's life expectancies with welfare (and we do!) then we have a good excuse for using government money to help poor people. If all we were doing was acting on people's envy then welfare wouldn't be justified. But if we're spending money not to cushion people's feelings but to materially improve their lives, and if we consider the life of someone in Rwanda to have the same value as someone in the US, then the relative plights of the people in Rwanda _do_ figure in to it. If it were true that the only measure of welfare were relative then, since I care about myself somewhat more than other people, it would behoove me to not only eliminate welfare but make the lives of the poor as hard as possible so I could raise my relative status. Luckily, the scientific studies I've seen show that there are many things (health, marriage, security, etc) that are more important to people's happiness than relative status or wealth. Sodium Sulfur, Sodium Aluminumchloride, Potassium, whatever. This actually seems like an "almost there" technology which would blossom if there was a big demand for it. Honestly, just reading through the help system in general is fascinating. The effective intensity of a laser falls of as the range squared, so you need a pretty hefty laser to dazzle someone at range. The intensity of reflected laser light falls of with the fourth power of the range, making reflected light not much of a concern for the crew. Its quite possible for the pirates to put a mirror between them and the ship, indeed it should be quite possible for the pirates to just turn their heads away from the defending ship. The problem for the pirates is that its hard to effectively attack something you can't look at, however. Red glasses might be an effective countermeasure, though, as other people have pointed out. Far more useful than looking at inequality in wealth or even income is inequality in consumption. On the other hand, nothing says that the China censorship mechanism has to be consistent, in fact I'd almost expect them to be arbitrary and capricious. It might be that whatever individual decided to ban this book would also have wanted to ban other the things you mention if they had been aware of them. You misunderstand, I'm very much not saying that there is or will be a general policy of banning things related to Bayesian methods. Rather, thats its quite possible one mid-level bureaucrat thought that Bayesian methods were unacceptable in this one instance. Maybe he (I think "he" is a safe assumption here) was confused and really thought that this sort of math was subversive. Maybe he was worried that he hadn't banned enough things this month and his supperiors would think he was lazy. Maybe the publisher failed to pay the customary bribe. In any of these cases, though, the official reason for the ban might very well be that "Bayesian Methods are subversive". Reviewing the evidence a bit more, it seems I shouldn't be. I imagined the gender ratio in the CCP was worse than what evidence I've been able to dig up suggests it is. While NVidia has had the most powerful single chip for the last while, AMD has had the most powerful board and until the last half year or so generally beat NVidia on performance/price to. Before the 4000 series NVidia had the lead, and before that I hadn't been paying attention. One area NVidia has held the lead in for the last few years in GPGPU, but thats a pretty small market. I'll agree that 100ms to 10ms difference probably isn't a social good, but if a certain amount of money is due to a group of people for their role in providing liquidity and they choose to collectively wast a fraction of it on cutthroat zero-sum competition with each other I'll say thats sort of a shame, but I don't really think its anything I need to worry about. And its not even true for all top consulting agencies and investment banks (I can't speak for law firms). I know that Goldman Sachs recruits pretty heavily at MIT. My college dorm's Laundry webservers were slashdotted but someone was still able to come along later, patent the idea, and try to sue us. Yes, and really it wasn't much of a problem for us. The company still has a monopoly on the laundry-webserver business, though, and overcharges other people horribly. Don't look down on the social sciences too much, there was a time when great battles were fought between the people who believed in Darwinian evolution and those who believed in Mendelian genetics. Generally, whether or not the science that goes into a newspaper article is good the science that comes out is bad. "No feedstock" is very different from "no nutrients" but the way the article was written makes me think that the reporter didn't know or didn't care about that distinction. So it might very well be a hoax, but we really can't take the article as any sort of evidence. I'm pretty sure this would be a matter of having lots of genetically engineered microorganisms in tanks rather than in the wild. Hard to collect the oil otherwise. Moore's diagram's in his origonal paper, presumably. However, while he only plotted a few data points he presumably used his experience with the semi-conductor industry in general and so actually had more. ftp://download.intel.com/museum/Moores_Law/Articles-Press_Releases/Gordon_Moore_1965_Article.pdf Ahem, "The study found that some 70 percent of contributors are unpaid, but that the majority of commits comes from paid participants ." I'm not sure what basis you used to decide that only developers employed at the top five companies count as paid developers. Sort of a shame how that all panned out. I was on a mailing list where Robin Hanson was talking about the upcoming Pentagon prediction market a month or so before the media got wind of it. I was very skeptical at first, but he did a very good job of meeting people's objections - mostly by explaining details of how it would be implemented. Then the media got hold of the story and people raised all the objections I had heard before, but the explanations couldn't fit into single sentence sound bites so they never made it into the news. I'm not going to complain about long unemployment benefits because in the long run its a lot less expensive than measures the government might take to artificially prevent unemployment. Governments are much better at redistributing wealth than at running economies - lets let them do what they're good at. Which just goes to show that you should learn about settled science before worrying about the latest findings. http://lesswrong.com/lw/ow/the_beauty_of_settled_science/ 2. Why do you think that only the wealthy will have access to these treatments? Its quite likely that some number of people won't have access, but most new medical technologies are available to most people because the largest cost of any new medical technology is its development. For some disease that everyone suffers from I wouldn't expect the treatment to end up costing more than, say, your typical run of chemotherapy. Something expensive, but that should be covered by most health insurance. 3. He gave an objective definition of "poor" he was using in his prediction, and while I agree that completely eliminating poverty might be impossible getting it down to 1 in 50 seems doable. EDIT: Edited for clarity. I wonder what it says that out of that entire list of predictions I find the ones about industry in space the least credible - the very ones which people in 1950 might have predicted for 2010. Its possible we shouldn't be too quick to infer too much from this article, however. Norway is a major oil producer and if Norway's startup creation rate is very different from Sweden and Denmark's maybe we should be looking at other factors. By most measures Denmark, far from being socialist, actually has a freer economy than the US. I've used it in Matlab to get around the lack of first class functions and function pointers. Could the MPEG-LA be sued if Google has patents that cover h.264? I'm not sure it could and if so we'd see a divergence between the interests of the MPEG-LA (who need to maintain control) and the groups contributing patents to them (who are afraid of a patent war). From "Nine ways to break your systems code using volatile" at http://blog.regehr.org/archives/28 "You can find various rants, screeds, and diatribes against volatile on Linux mailing lists and web pages. These are largely correct, but you have to keep in mind that: Linux often runs on out-of-order multicores where volatile by itself is nearly useless. The Linux kernel provides a rich collection of functions for synchronization and hardware access that, properly used, eliminate almost all need for volatile in regular kernel code. If you are writing code for an in-order embedded processor and have little or no infrastructure besides the C compiler, you may need to lean more heavily on volatile." Also, if you use your brakes to slow down with a stuck accelerator but not stop you can wear out your break pads fairly quickly at 60 mph. At which point you're SOL. EDIT: Reading a comment farther down, I'm reminded that this is a matter of the copper pads getting too hot rather than wearing away. Same effect though. Woz was able to find some bad hysteresis in the cruise control system. It looked from my reading like the speed control system was over-damped, but I don't really see what it had to do with the media reports - given that you can exit cruise control just by touching the breaks or accelerator and AFAIK nobody reporting unexpected acceleration had been hitting the "faster" button on their cruise control. The author isn't saying that intelligence isn't heritable. He just showed that we can measure heritability in things that don't exist (the sum of a persons weight and height in some units) as well as things that exist like their actual weight and height. Therefore, the fact that g is heritable doesn't mean that its a thing that exists. Except I think the author would point out that there isn't just _one_ heritability for things like height because height would be much more heritable in environments where everyone has adequate nutrition as opposed to in environments where nutrition was a matter of luck, for instance. All of this assumes a certain philosophical veiwpoint on what it means to "really exist" which I don't agree with, but which I do recognize as coherent. The authors viewpoint seems to be that things that can be directly measured do exist. So I would think that the author would be find with talking about temperature the same way he's ok with talking about IQ ("That thing that IQ tests measure"). I would agree with you personally, and say that really any measurement involves some implicit figuring so there really isn't any difference between IQ and T. I think its actually pretty clear, given the geography, that Mordor is Germany. Depictions of Germans in WWI propaganda posters are very similar to how orcs are described. They might not be able to take the learning curve, doing something repetitive gives a steady stream of feeling-of-accomplishment. Ahem, "Note that I ripped an equal amount of commit messages per language". I do think this is a bad place for a pie graph, but your specific criticism here is misplaced. This was in response to a now deleted comment that claimed that more popular languages would show up as having more profanity because they have more commits, even if the profanity per commit was constant. Do we have any good theories about mechanisms for this other than "One obvious explanation is that women at more elite colleges married richer classmate men, and so felt less need to earn money themselves."? Yes, that the studies authors didn't find the same things salient as Hanson did is probably a better explanation than some sort of conscious hiding of results. But what would you say could be good reasons for this very (to me) puzzling data. I'm pretty happy about the resolution bump for the T400 series, even if it means going to a less square screen. Thats actually an urban legend (though one thats often repeated in the media). See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plutonium#Toxicity http://www.nrc.gov/reading-rm/doc-collections/fact-sheets/pl... The radiological toxicity of plutonium is _way_ higher than the chemical toxicity. I remember my 8th grade science teacher telling us all about Plutonium's toxicity and I believed it for many years, so I don't blame you. Apparently some researchers had a "Hot Particle" theory that said that because of the way plutonium was taken in by the body it was much more dangerous than just looking at its radioactivity would lead you to believe - concentrating in certain areas of the lungs. Its not surprising that media figures like Nader confused this with chemical toxicity, or didn't notice when experiments contradicted this theory. EDIT: Edited for horrible grammar caused by rewriting something without proofreading after. The problem is that its hard to schedule both passenger trains and freight trains on the same railways, and the benefits of transporting freight by train instead of truck are both economically and environmentally more important. OTOH high speed rails with their own tracks are awesome and let us get around this dilemma. Wait, why is the author saying that defaltion (or "a strong currency") is a sign that the economy is doing well. And likewise why do they think that exporting much more than one inports is a good thing? Dude, you can't just look at any scientific study that points out drawbacks in some social policy you prefer and say "Ah, those scientists must be evil bad guys for arguing against the True Way." In the real world almost every policy has its drawbacks and its ok to still think that marijuana should be legalized even if it has some medical side effects (alcohol has them too!). If you insist that all possible evidence must line up neatly on your side of the scales then you've made the truth your enemy and nothing good can come of that. The problem is that given the current state of the patent system we have no particular reason to think the patent is valid. Back before I got there a student at my dorm in college decided to wire up our dorm's laundry machines to a webserver, and we appeared on Slashdot for that. Shortly after a company applied for a patent on the idea of doing that, they sent a cease and desist letter to the dorm, because some lawyer at the company didn't realize where their product came from. Thats just an illustrative case, but getting a patent that covers already existing products is far from impossible for a big company with lots of resources to throw at the problem. This means that, in practice, big companies all have stocks of patents that they can use to possibly shut down their competitors businesses depending on what the juries decide. But because their competitors are in the same position Mutually Assured Destruction holds and nobody actually wants to sue - especially since there's a chance that any patent might be invalidated if it came to a lawsuit and then you wouldn't have them for protection any more. So here we have a system that isn't optimal, but its workable and stable. But then patent trolls get into the mix and things get more complicated. Since the patent troll doesn't have products of their own there isn't any threat of MAD, so they're free to extort money from companies. Now, if they actually ever had to bring a lawsuit to conclusion there is always the chance that the patent might be found invalid thus, preventing the troll from using it to sue more companies later. But if they can keep settling for just a bit less money than would cause the victim to fight the suit you can keep extorting money for a long time. But if the potential victims realize what's happening and legally target the patent - which is sort of like whats happening now. EDIT: Sometimes, often actually, patents are actually for substantial origonal inventions where the patent aplicant actually _was_ the first to invent something. Those tend not to show up in this sort of legal action, however, and sure enough Google and Microsoft were able to find plenty of examples of prior art. One of the nice things about software drivers is that you can spend as much time as you want training a module for driving with, say, a given tire blown out and then swap that module in when actual conditions match the conditions that its trained for. Since the article was written file search has become much more a part of both Mac and Windows operations. And on my Linux laptop I use dmenu to launch most programs that aren't running in a terminal or important enough to have a keyboard shortcut. Yes, being rich can make you confident which can do well for your career. But there are plenty of other unfair advantages that also bring confidence, like height or good looks. And then there are really horribly unfair things like intelligence. Or you might want to put two of these monsters in Crossfire, if you feel the need to cackle maniacally. I'm happy with my 5770 myself. I'm entirely a legal layman, but I wonder why Congress couldn't just use the commerce clause to establish copyrights even if it weren't an enumerated power in the constitution. Surely if the first amendment did anything to prohibit copyright it would apply just as much to congress using an enumerated power as using the commerce clause? Given that these are all works in copyright _somewhere_, you presumably just have to look at who the copyright holder is in the jurisdictions where the works have been in continuous copyright. But if that were (legally) true, wouldn't that mean we couldn't have copyright at all, even with the enumerated power? I mean, if there was an enumerate power saying congress had the ability to regulate political speech I'd assume the first amendment would have taken precedence over that. But then again IANAL. If you're familiar with foldr or its ilk you can execute them in your head token by token too, to the same extent you can in a for loop. In the case of a for loop you have to be familiar with the syntax and semantics of "for" in your language so you know that "for(i = 0; i So you can execute a loop C-token by C-token and you can execute a fold Haskel-token by Haskel-token, but both are abstractions high above whats happening at the machine level and I don't see why we should prefer one over the other. Thats a big problem though. We really shouldn't be asking practicing doctors to perform under a lack of sleep like we currently do. The problem is that we have too few doctors (in the US) and part of that problem is the fact that we weed out potential doctors who can't function well without sleep or who don't want a job where they are run ragged. EDIT: Applied s/two/too I'm nearly certain that the vast, vast majority of living economists would agree that preferences drive economic decisions. As far as I can tell, there shouldn't be any problem using X as a Wayland Client to do your network transparency unless your remote window needs direct graphics acceleration. Its possible that in the long run some programs won't work with X, but I also expect Wayland to get network transparency in the long run. EDIT: After looking at the Wayland mailing list, it seems there are already people hard at work getting network transparency in. So we can probably expect it in the medium run rather than the long run. 1 and 3) Most of those problems look like they step from your laptop not having very good software drivers for Linux. What brand is it? Some laptop manufacturers like Lenovo put effort into making sure their products can be used under Linux, but other brands don't. Also, even if a laptop is new enough the drivers for it might not have made it into the distribution you're using yet. In the end, you expect Windows to Just Work on your laptop because Windows is installed by the laptop manufacturer. If you buy a laptop with Linux preinstalled you won't have any of these issues. 2) As for Photoshop, you can run it under Linux but it does take a bit of effort. http://appdb.winehq.org/objectManager.php?sClass=version&... "How much is regulatory approval worth, anyway?" To the FDA it apparently matters a great deal. I have no idea what he's talking about here. The British did do a number of horrible things in India and did use force to crush, for example, the Indian shipbuilding industry. They also could have learned a lot from Indian metallurgy if they were a bit less arrogant. But textiles? I guess they did "steal" cotton, but that wasn't really an invention in the sense he's talking about. Khan Academy would presumably we willing to permit this for a relatively small amount of money. But notice, the lawyer in question is hoping to make money off of representing you. As far as I can tell its always far better if the government collects taxes fairly from the entire population and pays some people to solve a problem, than either waiting passively for people of pure heart to fix the problem or arbitrarily forcing some particular group to solve it. Personally I also use X network transparancy a lot, and I would be very sad to lose that. Apparently some constructive people feel the same way, because looking at the wayland-devel mailing list there there are apparently some people hard at work right now adding network transparency to Wayland. No, which is why Wayland is going to have network transparency. Don't rely on second-hand sources, go reading the development mailing list. Instead of working the way X does, the intent in Wayland is to do all rendering client side (the way things are done in practice under X these days anyway). Did you see the big thread on the mailing list about "Finishing the network protocol"? I'm really not at all concerned about wealth inequality except to the extent that it causes consumption inequality. Imagine a perfect world where everybody makes the same wages and invests those wages prudently. They're born, go into debt a little to pay for college, make money and save it, then eventually retire on their savings. In this world where everybody's lives are the same there would still be huge inequalities in wealth between people just starting out and people about to retire. I'm not sure what you're saying here. The point of the scenario is that you can have large differences in wealth while everybody has the exact same income. Certainly I wouldn't say that we shouldn't worry about matters of fairness. I'm guessing that you think that I think that the scenario I gave says something about whether our society is fair or not. I don't think that. Instead what I think, and what I was trying to show, is that if you're concerned about fairness looking at wealth inequality is almost entirely useless when we could be looking at income or consumption inequality - because its very easy to have a society with large amounts of wealth inequality even if almost everybody would agree that it was fair. I expect they do and I expect that the people in the survey who were asked what they thought the distribution of wealth in the US was gave something that approximated what they thought the distribution of income was. The fact that the two are easy to confuse is what made the article actively bad, rather than merely pointless. It all depends on how much they're able to heat up the water with their solar panels, which is to say "who knows?" Thorium, Uranium, whatever. Just make sure that whatever new reactors you make have negative void coefficients, so they shut themselves off if they get too hot. There's no reason civilian power reactors to make the same design trade offs that let us cram a nuclear reactor into a submarine. Yes, pebble beds are an example of a reactor with a negative void coefficient, since as they get hotter the substance in the outer shell of the pebble expands increasing the distance between the radioactive elements. In the vaguely similar case of Cylert where there _wasn't_ a monopoly granted the drug just ended up disappearing and the people taking it were SOL. http://nielsenhayden.com/makinglight/archives/007140.html EDIT: Which is to say that the problem is the FDA jerking people around in general. That actually overstates the danger. If the rainwater remains that radioactive for an entire year it will give people 1 percent above normal background radiation, but really I can't think of how the radioactive iodine levels could possibly remain that high so long. So more realistically the citizens of San Fransisco are looking at their yearly radiation dose going up by .1%. Why is the EPA limit so low if their aren't any negative health effects until the doses get so many orders of magnitude higher? In the case of frogs thats because of skin thickness and won't apply to radioactive iodine in the water, but I take your general point that other creatures might be more susceptible to it than humans are. When I'm working on Windows I feel the same way, the way that two monitors lets me easily have two tasks going at once is really nice. When I have better window management facilities available though I find I prefer the flexibility of one big window. This is true even of the default GNOME window manager, Metacity, with its ALT-click behavior - but its even more true when I can install a tiling window manager like Awesome or XMonad. In Natty typing 'term' and hitting enter seems to do exactly what you would want, except you have to wait a fraction of a second after typing to hit enter so that they can populate the list. Not as good as it could be, but tolerable for me. I installed it myself today. The W7 style auto-tiling feature is really pretty convenient when you combine it traditional Linux Alt-clicks. I installed the Compiz Settings Manager and made some modifications to the default keybindings, of course, and sped up the animations but nothing too invasive. I'm going to give it a chance before deciding if I want to go back to my beloved tiling window managers. I'm not too familiar with the Mechanical Turk in practice, but I expect that ease of management could easily account for a $1.50/hr wage premium. I'm not sure I really agree with everything in his "Brainiacs vs Speed demons" chart. For instance, Power7s generally have higher performance than thread than 'Cores i's, and have about the same ILP. And given that Power7 is 4-way SMP instead of 2-way SMP like the Intel processors I'm not sure why the 'Core i's are listed as being more brainaiacish. EDIT: reference: http://www.realworldtech.com/page.cfm?ArticleID=RWT040511235... I was actually rather unimpressed with what I was able to discover about her work in the admittedly small amount of research I was able to do just now. I'd certainly agree that sex and gender aren't ontologically basic, but its a large leap from there to saying that they're just performative. I'd go so far as to say that Judith Butlers work looks like the sort of thing when you try to fit reality into harsh black and white qualitative logic, when you could easily look at circumstances quantitatively, say "continuous bimodal distribution" and be done with it. More practically, the brief synopsis of Judith Butler's works I've seen seem to leave no room for the reality of Gender Disphoria or cases like David Reimer's. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_dysphoria http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Reimer and in the Googling I've been able to do all I can find is either transgendered people being annoyed at "Gender Trouble" or people who have read it saying that they don't see how transsexuality can exist. If there's some official reconciliation I'd be happy to hear about it but I haven't found any evidence of such. EDIT: Ah, I see - should have searched harder. If "her new book constitutes a reconsideration of her earlier view on gender performativity" as the Amazon review says then thats welcome and I'm glad to see her change her mind about the things I found objectionable. I still doubt that I would find her work interesting, but you can consider me mollified. Unfortunately bullets take time to arrive at their target and are effected by gravity. That makes lasers better for shooting small things far away traveling at high speeds. Most reflective surfaces are only around 90% reflective at most and cease to be reflective after absorbing a fraction the energy a laser is putting out. You can make much more efficient mirrors, but usually only for a specific frequency. They're keeping it simple. No mention of microscopes, dental tools, hot air guns, flux pens, or solder paste either. But yeah, I'm not sure I'd try his desoldering method either. I wonder if a shopping cart would be less ambiguous? This looks like one of those cultural issues that's hard to get right everywhere, though. The law he cites rather explicitly said "in the resemblance of coins of the United States or of foreign countries, or of original design" are all covered. Metal coins of original design are still illegal to manufacture (though I'd agree they shouldn't be). That chapter doesn't seem to be provide any arguments for redefining what the words "dynamic typing" mean other blind assertions of the same sort that he used in his blog posts. I appreciate that he has a potentially useful mathematical formalism, but thats no reason to go about redefining words in relatively common usage - and especially not to be rude about it. You might be a UNIX geek if: You type "cat news" and then are confused that the results involve felines. I actually used one of these at a restaurant in Boston and was fairly impressed with how well they streamlined ordering. The games on them wouldn't win any awards, but were up to the job of amusing two people while our food was prepared. They're just left on the tables all day, and didn't end up getting in the way for us any more than a salt and pepper set would. But if they had done that it would have been less valuable to them than the money that Oracle ended up paying. Normally I would think that saying "I failed due to reasons beyond my control" is a victim mentality as opposed to "I failed due to things I can change next time" - however the article takes the opposite tack. On the other hand any physical system in motion is also loosing energy constantly to friction, air resistance, and other factors. Because of that and because the winding/unwinding description seemed implausible I strongly suspect the story is apocryphal. No need to be sorry, I'll know to use it correctly in the future. :) An entire article about the dollar losing value, but not a word about how this relates to US monetary policy? The article was singularly uninformative and misleading. There's some point threshold, I believe, which you have to reach before you're able to give downvotes. I wonder if showing the rating of a comment only after you had voted on it would work? That would prevent some level of groupthink by forcing people make their own evaluations before seeing what others thought. That would require a +0 vote option, though, to prevent some obvious failure modes. I thought it generally meant that it was less than the company's own predictions, not the analysts? In any event it shouldn't matter which estimate they're falling short of as long as it isn't the market's implicit estimate. For almost every processor architecture going to 64 bits slows things down due to increased memory usage since very few programs need 64 bit integer addition. However, in x86 the transition to 64 bit doubled the number of architectural registers to 16, and so actually resulted in a speedup. I was very impressed by Unity, I'd been using a tiling window manager for a while but after rebinding some miscellaneous shortcuts to Super+(right hand key) I'm totally happy with it. No, the licensed it to AMD. Motherboard makers that make boards that accept AMD CPUs due so with a chipset that AMD provides (Nvidia used to provide them too, but no longer does). It might in theory be possible for mother board makers to hack things so that you can run NVidia graphics cards in SLI when using an AMD chipset but I've never heard of that happening. All of the relevant liscensing was between AMD and NVidia. There might be some certification process that motherboard manufacturers need to go through before they can claim that their boards support SLI, but the technology license was definitely to AMD. The article at Techreport seems more informative than this one. http://techreport.com/discussions.x/20853 To summarize, NVidia has been making chipsets for use with AMD CPUs and their main selling point has been that if you wanted to run SLI with an AMD CPU you had to get an NVidia motherboard. Because NVidia is getting out of the motherboard business, however, there's no reason for them to not let AMD sell northbridges that can handle SLI, and now the 9XX series of AMD northbridge chips will work with SLI. EDIT: grammar Why would you be surprised? After all, SLI works with plain vanilla X58 chipsets straight from Intel now. Getting SLI certified requires validation from NVidia but as far as I know thats just a matter of PCB design, not extra components. Presumably most Americans see this as a matter of individual rights. He can say whatever he wants and Google is free not to associate with him. One thing I noticed when looking at the two fliers and hadn't considered before, but which didn't seem to be spelled out in the article is that design for fliers is in some ways fundamentally different from design for web pages. We're only ever seeing web pages from one distance, but a flier has to first call attention from a distance and then when someone comes close give the information needed for them to do something about it. The original version, when seen from a distance, could easily be mistaken for a demonstration or a movie or such, since only the picture and title are in very large and distinct fonts. The new version, by contrast, has "Beginner Class", "Regular Classes", and "Come Visit" popping out making it clear to someone walking by that the cool stuff in the picture is something you can learn rather than just see. And once the attention of the potential customer has been caught and they stop, then they can read the fine details. I wouldn't say Blu-ray has much to worry about on the "blur-ray" front. Plays on words like that are damaging when they call attention to real or perceived weaknesses in a product, but while I can think of a lot of mean things to accuse Blu-ray of, blurry simply isn't one of them. Theoretically it should just be an unwritable drive since flash tends to only fail on erase. If the firmware is badly programmed or something other than the flash fails who knows what could happen though. No: I've had my Intel X-25M for over 2 years and its holding up great. Its actually good for 10,000 erases per block, so depending on how your file system works you could erase a block, then write to some of it, then rite to another part of it, then write to it again filling it up. Write amplification does occur for this reason and because the drive has to keep track of what it has on itself, but its usually not more than a factor of 2. Really? That seems to inefficient though... I not a huge expert on commercial SSDs, but when I've written my own flash drivers for embedded sensors I would always make use of multiple writes per erase. I think there's a large difference between prohibiting the disclosure of information, and requiring it. Given how exciting Khan Academy is, Mozilla could still be pretty darn awesome and not stack up. Moore wrote a paper in 1965 that was the first reference to anything in semiconductors doubling every N months, but he also wrote wrote many other papers and speeches before the term "Moore's Law" came into use, and in some of them he talked about feature sizes shrinking every N months. So if you want to be pedantic you could say that the 1965 paper wan't actually referring to "Moore's Law" and that it was really formulated later, but there's no reason to say that modern usage is a misstatement. See this paper for a good historical overview: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpls/abs_all.jsp?arnumber=1677462 Awesome! The current a transistor can put out is porportional to the width over the length and chip designers usually want wide transistors[1], but wide transistors take up space which causes more line capacitance. This innovation will let people put more, wider transistors in a given area which will both increase the current they're putting out and decrease the capacitance they're fighting against, leading to higher frequencies[2]. [1] Wider transistors also cause more capacitance for the other transistors that are driving them, but for most modern designs this is smaller than line capacitance. [2] Having transistors closer together can also help overcome speed-of-light delay. This can be important in caches. EDIT: Also, some stuff I didn't notice until reading the Anandtech article is that the thinness of the silicon will give you the same artificial limitation of the depletion region that SOI does, leading to the same accelerated inversion. Oh, and better isolation from the base too. I don't think that I can explain that succinctly for non-EEs so go read Wikipedia on MOSFETs if you're interested. The number of things of a given size you can fit on a plane within distance R of you is proportional to R^2. The number of things you can fit in a three dimensional space is R^3. So as we utilize 3D more and more things will tend to be closer together. "Performance" doesn't really mean anything by itself without more details in this context, its just a vauge marketing phrase. Go look at the switching-speed/voltage tradeoff charts that pilom linked to at Anandtech to get some meaningful but still very impressive information. Oh, I think I get what your confusion is now. The signal doesn't have to travel up and over now any more than it did when everything was flat. The signal will travel up a few gate widths to the low resistance metal interconnect layers, travel a few tens or hundreds of gate widths sideways to get to the next transistor, then goes down again to make the connection. Going to 3D doesn't change this except to make the up and down slightly longer and sideways much shorter. We could still get speed ups from higher electron and/or hole mobility after we stop shrinking things by going to different materials, but yeah - that really won't be Moore's law any more. An illuminating anecdote: A while ago my friend from work was at an base where SpaceX would be launching from. However, during the launch an anomaly was discovered and the countdown was suspended. At this point all the Air Force people went home, since they were used to this sort of thing taking a week to sort out, but the SpaceX people quickly isolated the problem and the launch only ended up being delayed an hour. No, but robust correlation implies causation somewhere nearby. It could be A->B, or B->A, or C->A and C->B, or something more complicated. This is where common sense and ability to propose mechanisms comes in and while I can easily see how less education could make someone less employable, I don't see how someone's current unemployment can change someone's past education attainment, for instance. I really do wish we could find a way that was cheaper than college for what is, in these cases, essentially a personality/intelligence test. I think most people's definition of "free market" is that people can sell or not sell their property or services for whatever price they wish - not that any good or service is legal to own or produce. People sometimes, but not always, lump the right not to have your property or labour taken from you under the term "free market" and sometimes just lump not having it taken from you except for monetary taxes (as opposed to taxes in kind or forced labour). Some people also lump freedom of contract under the rubric of "free market". The generally accepted term for everything, including murder and conspiracy to murder, being legal is "anarchy" and if people still have free markets in this anarchy thats generally referred to as "anarcho-capitalism". Though nothing about having a free market says that murder is legal and probably says that forcing another person to work for you using the threat of violence is illegal. I can certainly see arguing that a free market implies legal prostitution, however, since unmarried sex is legal in most places. EDIT: And as to Capitalism, well to quote Wikipedia: "There is no consensus on the precise definition of capitalism, nor how the term should be used as an historical category." Bruce isn't saying that dissent is a crime, he's saying that the extreme measures we would need to use to reduce dishonesty (good) would also have the negative impact of stifling dissent (very bad) - so we shouldn't use these extreme measures. There are actually mathematical limits to the amount of information that can be stored within a given volume, the Bekenstein bound, which is a lot like a limit to knowledge. Its not. You usually do most of your copying and pasting within vim so you can just use the normal past command, but it is annoying when you want to do something with the system clipboard. I don't know that much about working on operating systms, but here's Linus Torvalds on maybe using Go in the kernal: "Hey, I think Go picked a few good and important things to look at, but I think they called it "experimental" for a reason. I think it looks like they made a lot of reasonable choices. But introducing a new language? It's hard. Give it a couple of decades, and see where it is then." http://www.realworldtech.com/forums/index.cfm?action=detail&... Yeah. I should have mentioned that the quote was in marked contrast to the rants about the evils of C++ he had been delivering earlier in that thread. The Economist (dead tree edition) http://lesswrong.com/ Thinking about thinking http://www.realworldtech.com/ For really in depth articles on computer topics, and the forums http://www.anandtech.com/ for hardware benchmarks and reviews http://blog.regehr.org/ a blog about C compilers and hiking http://marginalrevolution.com/ Economics progressor joint blog http://yglesias.thinkprogress.org/ Intelligent and sane liberal blogger http://www.theatlantic.com/megan-mcardle/ Intelligent and sane conservative blogger. "Conservative" might actually be a bit of a stretch there... http://www.rocketpunk-manifesto.com/ About space travel/combat - its almost a guilty pleasure. Also the blogs of a few authors and friends. Neat, but not nearly as cool as the original XKCD map since that one actually had real size correspondence. I absolutely loved the first book in that series you're reading from, "The Shadow of the Lion", and would strongly recommend it to anyone who thinks the words "historical fantasy" could appeal to them. Home Depot doesn't have to train their staff to inspect propane tanks, they only have to make sure they buy from a supplier who provides good propane tanks. But of course, since propane explosions can easily hurt bystanders, and "Fred's Discount Mailorder Propane" doesn't necessarily have as many incentives to ensure safety, so in this case I would say regulation is a good thing. But there are cases where dangerous things aren't regulated by the government and it still works out pretty well, like roller coaster rides. In that case insurance companies actually play a big role in disseminating industry best practices. In cases where companies produce danger for people other than their customers we shouldn't expect them to necessarily be responsible without government oversight - like with pollution. And in something like a hospital where people tend to die even when the hospital does everything right I wouldn't expect people to be able to differentiate between good and bad hospitals well enough - and the evidence I've seen is that people don't currently choose hospitals based on how good they are even with the government publishing statistics on the matter. I can easily imagine that in a totally unlicenced market the problem would be worse. On the other hand, there seems to be a big shortfall in the supply of doctors, in the US at least, so less strict testing than we have now might be a good thing. http://theincidentaleconomist.com/wordpress/why-cant-we-have... Wait, what diseases? And are the risks worse than those involved with food preparation or janitorial work (both unlicensed)? EDIT: Lice, obviously, but that's both treatable and not particularly dangerous. Also, there's a countervailing ratchet effect where if anyone is harmed by someone with a licence who should have known better the standards become more strict. We've seen a lot of this in medicine over the years. I said abolish, but really I think we could have a workable solution by either giving the PTO the funding it needs to do a good job, or eliminating the presumption of validity. The big problem we have now is that the law assumes that all patents are properly examined when the PTO doesn't have the resources to do a proper examination. Lawyers do sometimes mess up on dates. I hate to trot this story out yet again, but MIT did get sued because of my dorm's laundry webserver. A webserver which had been Slashdoted before the company applied for its patent. Of course, they did back down once the facts were explained to them so you're right at least that far. Oh man, I was a solder monkey for the Orlando group at MIT in my sophomore year, and we also used niobium loops for QBits. That box has got to be pretty big, though. Niobium doesn't superconduct until you bring it down to less that 10K, and to get a stable qbit we had to bring things down into the 100mK range - requiring a helium dilution refrigerator. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dilution_refrigerator There's actually a lot that can be done to improve current shells even without breaking the current set of abstractions and tools: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fish_shell Yup, the Delta32 version of CCR5 is pretty nice. Its more of a "strongly resistant" than an "immune" though, and may mean being more susceptible to West Nile Virus. In the modern world thats a pretty good deal, but was probably less so when humans were doing most of their evolving. See wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CCR5_delta_32#CCR5-.CE.9432 There's another gene with a variant that confers similar resistance to noroviruses, also called stomach flu. "Intel specifies a mean time between failure of 137 years for the drive and a "useful life" of 5 years." Remember, almost all products have some sort of bathtub curve[1], and the MTBF is the inverse of the observed failure rate at the bottom of the curve, while the useful life (or whatever the manufacturer calls it) takes the shape of the curve into account. Many products, including magnetic hard drives, have similar discrepancies between their MTBF and their useful lifespans. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bathtub_curve Because SATA/IDE interfaces abstract away information that would be crucial to doing this. There are filesystems that currently do this in the embedded world, and AFAIK it might be possible in the future to have a SSD PCIe card or something that this could work on. I don't expect that to happen any time soon, though. And HDDs have had RAM catches for a while now, further complicating things. The SATA interface defines an abstraction over the storage system that the hard drive has to live up to. If the OS makes assumptions that aren't part of that contract that the drive doesn't live up to, thats the OS's fault. Separation of concerns is a vital engineering practice, and if some software violates abstraction barriers and things break that's the software's own fault. Whats worse for Apple, "Kleenex" was so dominant at one point that it came close to being Genericized [1]. If the public doesn't think of a word as referring to a specific product but instead they think of "Kleenex" as a name for all soft facial tissues then in the US at least the "Kleenex" trade mark can lose its legal force. It might be that Apple invented the term "App Store", but as long as members of the public would tend to refer to application repositories from Google or Amazon by the same term, even without Google or Amazon using it, then "App Store" isn't serving a useful purpose as a trademark and doesn't have the same legal force as a word that was in practice only specific to Apple. I, personally, love the fact that the law around trademarks corresponds so well to their purpose - preventing consumers from being confused. This is one of the reasons I don't like the term "intellectual property", it takes three things that are very different legally and lumps them together in a way that sometimes causes people to think that the rules governing one apply to others, or that the attitudes they have towards one form should apply to all of them. Personally I'm pretty ambivalent about whether we ought to have patents and copyrights at all - but I think that trademarks are awesome and we'd be much worse off without them. EDIT: Oops, forgot to put in the reference: [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genericized_trademark You're confused here. Trademarks dont' apply globally like patents or copyrights, they only apply within contexts where there is likely to be consumer confusion. Microsoft can have "Windows" brand operating systems. I could create a chain of "Windows" restaurants. A company that sells windows absolutely could not create a "Windows" trademark and expect it to have any legal force. Are they actually competitors? Band-Aid sells bandages for people and other people have band-aids for bicycle tires. Apple has an App Store for iOS devices, while Google and Amazon have app stores for Android devices... I'm not saying its obviously one way or the others, but it doesn't seem clear cut to me. Making integrated devices out of graphene is problematic for all the reasons the other responses have pointed off, but it might prove a workable alternative eventually - well after Moore's law has run out in silicon due to atomic size issues. Honestly, that page pretty well convinced me that I have no interest in learning Forth. Possibly it was the "Since Forth needs few registers, a chip with many is just a lot of wasted silicon" bit. Thats fair enough. And that sentence I quoted would be much less horrifying in the 1970s given all the changes in computers since then. Thats true, but for common law countries at least we can start having judges work out precedent for how to deal with this stuff when it starts to become an issue. In a certain sense its inelegant to rely on the entities executing the law being Turing complete, but thats what we do. Do vicious downward cycles actually happen? I'd expect that as soon as the stock price dipped below the value of the expected discounted dividend stream the smart money would swoop in, and could profit even without having to care about the future stock price. EDIT: I should point out that this doesn't happen with vicious circles or rising stock prices in any reliable way. Well, people shorting the stock can have sort of the same effect but not as well. Some companies manage to get by on investor's hope for future huge dividends someday without ever having to issue any right now, like Apple, but I don't think its a loss for society is investors lose their confidence in "someday" and start forming their expectation based on past performance. So I guess I'm saying that to the extent that negative articles can and do drive down a company's stock price those of us who haven't invested in them should be happy. Generally speaking - most of the monospace fonts I see are totally fine and I really don't care about the differences between the 10 he mentioned as being good. But when I go to windows and run cmd.exe I'm blown away by just how ugly the font they use there is. Well, it works well with unemployment at least: http://www.freakonomics.com/2011/05/25/mining-for-correlatio... They're using 'correlation' in its precise statistical sense: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Correlation Its true that the Unity UI was influenced by the Mac OS dock, but there have been a lot of UNIX UIs that were using docks all the way back into the 90s. Also, its not true that Compiz stole the Windows 7 snapping feature, that was in Beryl even before Windows Vista came out. They _did_ steal the Windows 7 auto-tiling and MacOS expose though - so you do have a point. Its sort of nice to see all the cross pollination between the different platforms, and nice to think that UNIX is contributing a lot to pushing forward the state of the art. There's a big difference between just having tiling windows and having all the features that make them more useful than a stacking windows manager. But really we should be giving credit to Plan 9 here for pioneering the model of the modern tiling windows manager. This article didn't really get into the part I most care about, the incredible range of custom window managers you can find that work for various *NIXes. The fact that the way X is set up allows you to roll your own window manager so easily has really allowed a froth of new ideas to be tried out - and the best ideas to be incorporated into the big desktop environments and Mac and Windows. I was sort of worried that the move to Wayland might hurt all of this. Compiz seems to be preparing to do double duty as a X windows manager and a Wayland display server based on what plugins you have loaded, but I wonder what might happen to other window managers in the transition? On the other hand, nobody is forcing anyone to give up X. No, thats just the taskbar. For it to be a dock the icons have to persist when the window isn't open. RISC OS had the very first dock in 1987: http://www.osnews.com/story/18941/pt_VI_the_Dock Consciousness as an object isn't even a scientific entity, it's something that can only be corroborated internal to the agent that has it. If this were really true I would have no basis for thinking that other human beings were conscious, and thus I would have no reason to think that computers couldn't perfectly simulate other human beings. The limit to how fast you can clock a CPU is mostly due to how long the chains of CMOS devices run before they hit a cocked latch. Having one CMOS drive 10 other devices takes longer than having one CMOS drive only 1, so there's a standard metric called the FO4 (Fan Out of 4) that can be used to measure gate delay. IBM has often put more effort into having low fo4s for its processors (usually around 15 or) vs. x86 (around 20). Physical quality control issues. There was a big problem a while back with Nvidia integrated graphics failing pretty often that apparently had to do with bad potting material material in the chip modules that didn't have the same thermal expansion properties as the solder that Nvidia had switched to. A large number of MacBooks had to be replaced, costing a lot of money and consumer confidence. Google "bumpgate" for more information. And while Nvidia's Kal-El is really nifty, I'd rather have an OMAP 5 in a mobile device. Four A15s at 40nm will probably drain too much power to get any sort of battery life while playing that demo. 28nm should be much better. History is partly based on moving to moving to new process nodes to allow you to do more stuff with less power. Unfortunately Kal-El will be running on the same 40nm process that current Tegra processors are running on. To the extent that the device can quickly wake up, get stuff done more quickly than a Tegra 2, then go back to sleep it might be more power efficient than last generation, but not with something like this demo. EDIT: Remember, the previous generation had two A9 cores, and this one has four A9 cores. My vague impression is that the A9s in Tegra 2 really are more power efficient than the A8s in the original Tegra, but we won't see a transition like that in this generation. Isn't D exactly what you're looking for here? That is, roughly equivalent to C++ but with a coherent design? I head Go also lets you manage memory manually if you want to. Very good in general, but I think that requiring users to enter unnecessary personal information is much more the fault of marketing than the programmer. Like almost everything, testing suffers from diminishing returns. The difference between no testing and delta testing is often huge, but the difference between a lot and a lot plus delta is often pretty small. But each delta of testing you add costs the same amount in terms of the prices you listed. The optimal thing to do would be to keep adding more testing until the benefits of the latest delta drop to equal their costs. However, all the economic research on this topic that I've read suggests that while we need some testing we're way over the optimal point. Its the same sort of research that lets you publish papers on how the optimal copyright length is 14 years. The same sort of ratchet effects are involved in both places too. The only people who care passionately about copyright lengths are those who have copyrights that are about to expire. The people who could have benefited from a work going out of copyright are often only dimly aware of it. Likewise when the FDA approves a drug that causes problems its obvious and there are a lot of people complaining, but when they don't approve a drug that could have helped someone - or when drug developers are scared off - people aren't as aware of it. But it was the Siegfried Line[1] in WWII that let the Germans concentrate their whole army against the Poles and defeat them before turning west, and that let them attack where the French weren't rather than have to defend the current border. So German tactics in WWII were dependant on the same static defenses that the French used, but they took that and added a maneuver component instead of replacing it entirely. Manuever warfare often relies on a static force to pin the enemy in place while the mobile elements do their thing. Saying "Maneuver good, static bad" is just as silly as the reverse, whats needed for success is to understand the advantages and disadvantages of the various tools available and intelligently choose the right tool or combination of tools for the task at hand. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siegfried_Line And the author overlooks the long, long history of bigger ships with bigger guns bringing victory to European forces. In the Battle of Lepanto the Christian alliance was able to use big ships with cannons mounted on them to crush the Ottoman force before the Ottoman's flanking force was able to get in position. In the European expansion into the Indian Ocean large boats with big guns were able to easily defeat hordes of smaller, lighter ships that they faced letting the Portuguese, then the Dutch and English take control of some of the most valuable trade lanes in the world. In the Opium War the British were able to easily win because of big guns that could out-range anything the Chinese had and fast steam engines that let them set the pace of engagement. And if things at Jutland had gone just a little bit differently it might have been the Germans who had won the war. Its very true that it wasn't yet as strong as it was designed to be nor was it as strong as the Maginot line. It only had to be enough, though. If Germany's western border had been completely unfortified there would have been no way that the Allies wouldn't have attacked. And even the unfinished wall represented a huge investment for Nazi Germany. If you haven't already I'd recommend reading "The Wages of Destruction" on the economy of Nazi Germany, its a fascinating book for a number of reasons. I'm confused. Is there a way in which what you said contradicted what the parent post said? You seem to be talking about whether the patent can be used before it is granted (obviously not), but the grandparent was talking about whether prior art from between the application and granting would be considered (it won't). You thought they discussing whether someone could be sued post-issue for actions between the patent application and the patent issue? I assumed he had been talking about whether someone could be sued for providing a service even if they had begun providing that service before the patent was granted. Now that I reread the discussion, however, I can see that text itself is rather ambiguous and that I had just assumed the interpretation that made sense to me. It seems another poster came to the same conclusion I did, since he pointed out that its the date of invention that the online service would have to precede, not the date of filing. From everything I've read kidney donation isn't that bad. As has been pointed out, most people don't have Kidney problems and having a single kidney doesn't increase your odds of having problems that much. If I could get $50k legally for donating a kidney, and if I could get a kidney for $50k in the unlikely event that something went wrong, I would certainly be willing to go through with it. Right, the cost of surgery would probably dominate the cost of receiving a kidney transplant. But that's really what health insurance is for. I guess I should have said "if other people were selling kidney's", the exact price doesn't matter very much. And moreover, who is allowing these stupid patents through that are so vague and apply to so many different sites? The USPTO has fixed resources, and the number of patent applications has been growing exponentially for years. Also, if they grant a patent the person filing goes away, but if they deny it the filer will just come back with amendments or appeals again and again and again. If we gave the USPTO more money or, heck, even let it keep all the money it collected in fees the problem wouldn't be nearly as bad. When I read an article in the Economist about some topic I know a lot about I tend to finish feeling that they've oversimplified a bit. When I read an article elsewhere in the mainstream media about some topic I know a lot about I tend to finish feeling that the reporter had no idea what they were talking about. That's why I have a print subscription to the Economist. That may be true for the southern border in the map, but in the North the left half of the "maximal extent" seems to be from before the Austro-Prussian war of 1867, and I'm not sure when they had the right half, but that territory was occupied by Germany in WWI rather than Austria-Hungary. Yes, doubling the number of registers and making SSE2 a requirement increased performance across the board (except for flash). http://www.tuxradar.com/content/ubuntu-904-32-bit-vs-64-bit-... I've never heard of a processor architecture that got a performance boost from going to 64 bits except x86-64, though. Be logical? No. Make sense? Yes. You can make all the navel-gazing syllogism you want with pure logic, but if you want to make conclusions about the real world then in many cases (like the domain under discussion) you're going to need to involve math. Example: "We want to survive. Survival requires sustainability by definition. Therefore, we must have sustainability". True, but rather useless without going into what sustainability means numerically. I very much see what the author is getting at, but I think he mis-diagnoses the problem. To the extent that the news is homogeneous then, all things being equal, we're going to get stuff that panders to the lowest common denominator, not in depth or challenging reporting. I mean, have you watched cable news recently? I think that more than just have everybody have the same source of news the writer would really prefer that that news was more in depth and critical than most of what you find on television, or in other words that other people should embrace his preferences in news watching. I probably agree with him! But in practice I think talking about or trying to achieve the first when you really want the second is going to be counterproductive. Oh god no! Politicians get elected by pandering, but once they get elected they can be held responsible for the consequences of their actions. There are a lots of policies that make good sound bites but which would be horrible as actual policies. Better to try to raise the quality of the people we vote for. There are a lot of good reasons to read "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions", but one thing I got out of it that I think is applicable to this discussion relates to our concept of "the classics". In fields of knowledge where they is progress the classics are often respected, but seldom read. Nobody learning about physics reads the original Newton[1] because there are better ways to phrase the same insights that are easier for students to digest. So we have fields that make progress like the sciences where students read modern textbooks, and fields that don't the original works of their discipline. The classics have their place as art and as sources of prestige, but if you're looking to learn things there are usually better places to look. Not that I disagree with everything Mr. Sanger said, but the truth is a complicated beast. [1] Some people studying the history of science read the originals, but thats different. Couldn't you also say that its impossible to condense calculus into 10 minute chunks because you have to understand Algebra first? All learning requires context, but that doesn't have anything to do with whether can break it up into courses, books, chapters, lectures, or 10 minute chunks. While I think that the criticisms in this piece were misplaced, its very possible that there are better free history resources out there. I've very much enjoyed the History According to Bob podcast series, for instance, but those would probably be too in depth for teaching kids, except the overview episodes. http://www.summahistorica.com/index.htm I think you're joking, but in some jurisdictions having large amounts of cash may be considered grounds for seizing it by the police. Sometimes this leads to abuse: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenaha,_Texas#Police_seizures_s... Just computer science students? I would generally expect most scientists or engineers to have have a developed antipathy to anti-reductionism. "The brain is a computer, the mind is software" is in fact a very naive statement, but I hope your problems with it have more to do with the non-existent in reality hardware/software distinction than silly constructs like qualia. Getting any thinkpad thats been out for at least 6 months will generally work as a rule of thumb. Yes, its very much a matter of Intel not having its drivers for Sandy Bridge ready when the chip was released rather than Intel drivers being bad in general. I got a new Nehalem laptop right after they came out and the drivers barely worked at all for a couple of months. Then there was a new kernel and everything worked beautifully with no problems up until the present day. Is it bad that Intel's Linux drivers are months behind the release of new hardware? Certainly! But for older stuff they work great. Up to date combatibility information for Thinkpads: http://www.thinkwiki.org/wiki/ThinkWiki Recently, there've been periods of time stretching up to a couple of months after a new Intel chip with integrated graphics comes out where the don't have the drivers ready yet, or they're still pushing them into the kernel, or the distros haven't updated to new kernels yet. Trying to use brand new Intel chips during those periods is frustrating, but the problem just goes away by itself after a little while. For most people I'd say the answer if to find a machine with Linux pre-installed. Those are the conventions in Computer Science, but the conventions in Software Engineering are different. Words having different meanings in the jargons of related fields is a really old problem, and one which has bitten me from time to time. At least we aren't arguing over whether a factor of 10 increase in something is a 10 dB or a 20 dB change. Arguably, GNOME / KDE / XFCE are all worse than Windows Explorer or OS X default window manager. Really? I've always thought of good window managers as one of the big selling points of the Linux experience. Moving and resizing windows just seems so much more cumbersome to me when I'm using either. Perhaps you meant to talk about the file manager? Presumably if they were doing anything as complicated as a modern CPU they would have a unified last level of memory and some mechanism for guaranteeing synchronization. Honestly, even C execution could probably be speeded up by having separate stack and heap memory pipelines. To do that efficiently on an OoO machine you'd probably need three sets of instructions for memory accesses to the stack - two sets for where you know ahead of time which part of memory you're dealing with and one for where you don't. The first two would be there to help out the scheduler. Thinking about the C ABI a bit more and how you can have a function call with a pointer to who-knows-what place in memory maybe this isn't actually such a great idea in practice for C, but it should be great for languages which can provide more guarantees. The Baltic republics aren't doing bad, but they weren't conquered by the Soviet Union until WWII. I wonder if the parts of the former Soviet Union that it grabbed from Poland in WWII are doing better than the other parts of their respective countries now? Exactly. "Deregulation" without the ability of actors within the system to set their own prices is pretty much a recipe for disaster. In a normal market you make more money by selling more product. In California the energy producers discovered that given their regulatory environment they could make more money by selling less product. The rest is history. California's problems do show, however, that people shouldn't uncritically think that any sort of deregulation is good. Its always important to to think carefully about what sorts of incentive are being created in any deregulation. Any modern x86 processor can do that too. The thing is, the complexity of the circuitry involved increases faster than linearly so being able to break it out into two sets of load/store queues would let you increase bandwidth by a fair bit. I think buying for the long term is a very good thing, but I tend to assume that there aren't many undervalued stocks laying around. Bubbles happen even if there are smart people around who know not to take part, but if there are smart people around its hard for a stock to get too undervalued and I don't care to assume I can do a better job of computing a stocks overall value than professionals do. Sometimes people like Warren Buffet can find gems in the rough, but a large part of that is that they have the resources to swoop in and buy enough stock to sack managers who aren't doing a good job. I can't do that. I tend to ask myself instead "What do I know that the market doesn't?" I have an engineering education and experience and I can make judgments about a companies products and the long term future of their products that Wall Street investors might not be able to. This is all no guarantee and I keep most of my money in index funds, but its worked out well for me so far. Less, I'd say. Samuel Colt could reasonably know that his device would be used to kill people. A person making a census machine, especially before the first modern genocide, can't be reasonably expected it would be used to kill people. I would say that a pre-modern genocide would be done that was committed by roving bands of soldiers, rather than a bureaucracy. A bit of research reveals I was wrong in my assumptions, though, and the Armenian genocide certainly counts by that metric. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armenian_Genocide I was help a friend work out whether it made sense to start paying for Amazon EC2 to mint bitcoins. I can tell you that yes, thin bids and poor liquidity was exactly what I found. For its part, Amazon supports the Streamlined Sales Tax project, which aims to harmonize and clarify states sales tax laws across the country. I'm glad they're doing this. Given that the company sells a lot of different things, and given that different states, counties, and municipalities can all have different rules for how to categorize goods, which matter in terms of how much sales tax you pay for them. I sure wouldn't want to be the person who has to figure out whether Fig Newtons are cookies or are actually "Fruit and Cake" in every jurisdiction in the US where it matters. The French Revolution was rather more ideological than this revolution looks. And besides, the French had been making a regular habit of rampaging through Europe at that point, so the revolution just let them do it more intelligently and enthusiastically. Well, there's a bit but its not like they're firing 120mm cannons from those things. And really, the US fires missiles from the backs of trucks all the time. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Hmmwv-036.jpg But to get dazzled the viewer would have to be between the from of the bike and the ground in front of it. I don't imagine many car drivers would be there, but it a concern with children passing in front of the bike when it isn't in motion, say. I think the idea is that the OS will always have software equivalents of those 4 buttons on the bottom of the screen, so you'll always be able to do the things you mentioned. You won't get nice tactile cues, though, which makes me like the hardware buttons. The words "introvert" and "extrovert" have been used by a lot of people over the years, starting all the way back at Freud I think. If a modern scientist uses these words, though, they're probably talking about it in terms of the Big Five[1] personality model, which is mostly just identifying some observed clusters of traits with strong correlations that tend to persist over a person's life. People argue about whether there might be more emperical clusters worth adding, or whether they might be made more orthogonal but generally there's a good amount of rigor behind them, far more than IQ for instance. Introversion/Extroversion is very much a matter of degree, just like pretty much any other human trait. It doesn't uniquely determine behavior by any means, humans are very complex creatures. However, there is a pretty strong correlation [2] between someone acting in an introverted or extroverted manner in one situation and acting the same way later. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Five_personality_traits [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Correlation EDIT: All of which isn't to say that people can't use those terms in pseudo-scientific ways, or that the author of the article isn't. After all, people use terms like 'mass' and 'gravity' in pseudo scientific ways too. I think a lot of the difference ends up being more a matter of expressiveness than speed of simple operations. I'm pretty good in vim, but if I wanted to highlight some arbitrary region of text I'm pretty sure I'd be faster at using the mouse than I would with normal vim navigation. However, I almost never want to highlight an arbitrary region, but instead a sentence, a paragraph, a line, the text in some quotes, the text until the next semi-colon, or something similar. And vi gives me easily expressed intrinsics to do all of those very quickly. On the other hand, I can use a mouse just fine with a soda or cup of tea in my other hand, something I can't do with a keyboard. :) There's a tradeoff between speed and reliability, and the Samsung SSDs that I believe are used in the Macbook Airs lean towards reliabilty at the expense of having non-random IO no better than a normal hard drive. People who buy SSDs by themselves, on the other hand, are often just going down a list of offerings comparing IO speed to price and not having any good way to look at the reliability. If this was the failure mode experienced by most drives that fail, though, it wouldn't happen for years and even after you were no longer able to write to the drive you would still be able to read from it. This might be how the more reliable Intel or Samsung drives end up failing, but all evidence is that the failure modes of the highest performance but less reliable drives seem to be more interesting than that. It sort of annoys me that whenever people discuss technological singularities its always through Kurzweil's ideas. I feel that Verner Vinge, the guy who invented the term, had a much more interesting take on it, and there are other schools of thought as well. http://singinst.org/blog/2007/09/30/three-major-singularity-... I wouldn't say that phrase is actually anti-science. Science is fundamentally a social institution where groups of people can great bodies of knowledge that can be used to make accurate predictions about the world. This body of knowledge is imperfect and so periodically people challenge it, making predictions where they hope their theories will be right and the standard model will be wrong. The thing is, there are many more ways to be wrong than to be right, and the large majority of people trying to challenge established knowledge are wrong. Because of this we generally ought to use commonly accepted views until people challenging them can point to ways that their theories can make predictions that are superior to accepted theories. New theories might be intuitivly appealing, but if they can't pull their empirical weight they shouldn't get anywhere. In fact, my reading of George Robinson's theory is that it would predict that the US economy would be much more unstable after going off the gold standard, when in fact it tended to be more unstable before we did. Now, if his book actually did predict "fewer but worse" recessions maybe we should look into it, but I'm worried that it doesn't. People may be able to distribute copyright violating material on Bittorrent, but the Bittorrent clients themselves are simply downloaded from normal websites. If they are found to be in violation of this patent it would be pretty simple to just send C&D letters to websites distributing the clients, a far easier task than going after individual Bittorent users. Many states in the US have justice systems that are at least ostensibly rehabilitation-based, and to the best of my knowledge many countries in Europe have punishment-based systems. But though we humans always want to make easy black and white characterizations anything involving as many people as a criminal justice system is going to end up as a compromise between various goals. To the extent that our modern justice system is based on rehabilitation I think we're already pretty close to the model you seem to be saying is untenable. I only skimmed Blachford's article just now, but he seems to be saying that no criminal is responsible for his actions, which is very different from the tack taken by by this article, which distinguishes criminals who are responsible for their actions and those who aren't. I thought this was an excellent article, and it brought to mind another excellent article on the same topic by from a more general perspective. http://lesswrong.com/lw/2as/diseased_thinking_dissolving_que... If the Fed wants to nip it in the bud they can just go after people converting Bitcoins into dollars or goods for money laundering. To repost a link from last discussion, there are three major schools of though on "The Singularity": http://singinst.org/blog/2007/09/30/three-major-singularity-... Exactly. And I really don't think Vinge meant "AI having the same goals and attitudes as a human" by "human-equivalent AI". Rather, its pretty clear in context he's talking about intelligence. There's also the position in Peter F. Hamilton's Night's Dawn series that all sentient minds have souls, regardless of how they were created or whether there's a similar mind somewhere out there. And presumably Christian's can always say "God can figure it out" with regards to what exactly where the boundaries should be. Actually, the point of "Accelerating Change" is that it doesn't lead to an intelligence explosion - change remains fairly predictable to the participants through the Singularity. And an event horizon can easily happen even with slow and constant change, it's compatible with the other two schools but doesn't depend on them. You nailed it with your first sentence there. The superintelligences created in an "Accelerating Change" scenario are subjectively a lot like gods. The first superintelligence created in the "Intelligence Explosion" scenario will be subjectively a lot like God. Also, the point of the "Accelerating Change" scenario is that there isn't an intelligence exposion. The "Intelligence Explosion" scenario might or might not have a period of accelerating change before the intelligence explosion, but that doesn't make it the "Accelerating Change" scenario . For all I've joined in with criticizing Stross elsewhere in this thread, I really do think that technological change speeding up by vast amounts is unlikely because of how much harder it is to create each new generation of computers. If we were limited to 1960s technology the designing a new processor of today's complexity might very well take over a 100 years. For this reason I expect that even when its AIs running on ever faster computers we might see faster technological growth, but not radically faster technological growth (barring real algorithmic improvements which might or might not be possible). But "app" has been a genericized term since at the 1980s (See "Killer App"). And I'm not seeing how if "Foozit" is a generic term how you can copyright "Foozit Store" if the term is in fact describing a store which sells Foozits. You can find the whole main presentation here: http://developer.amd.com/documentation/presentations/assets/... I'm presuming stuff coming from amd.com is confirmation. It should certainly include future products, what I would worry about is to what extent existing graphics cards will be able to take advantage of this. Generally, I'd say this looks a lot like Clang but with better ways to express memory parralelism at least. No way to know at this point to what extent this will catch on, but it looks interesting. Its pretty similar to what the US Secret Service was doing in 1990. http://www.sjgames.com/SS/ I learned Spanish in high school, and while I can still read it ok spoken Spanish is usually to fast for me to follow. I can also speak basic Japanese (started learning in college and continued on my own), but while I learned the syllabaries I only know a very few characters, so I can't write it. Between the two, that's one whole language at a basic level. It seems to me like the word "genie" in modern English(from the same root I suspect) gets across the idea very well without all the misleading associations. I decided to actually look it up, and according to an etymology dictionary: "1650s, "tutelary spirit," from Fr. génie, from L. genius (see genius); used in French translation of "Arabian Nights" to render Arabic jinni, singular of jinn, which it accidentally resembled, and attested in English with this sense from 1748." On the other hand, my above post absolutely deserved to be downvoted because it is entirely unclear that I meant "The same root as 'malin génie' (evil genius in the 16th century sense of 'genious' as an inspirational spirit) as opposed to demon. If you graduate with a degree and you can't configure the easiest web stack possible, then something went terribly wrong. I think you've confused your specialty with the whole of computer science here. I have no idea how to configure any sort of web stack, but I certainly think I got a good value out of my degree. I bet that many people who would have no idea how to go about writing device drivers if you gave them a chip's datasheet, but that just means that they're pursuing a different specialty, not that they or their school is incompetent. You certainly want to eventually get rid of all the transitions when you've learned to use a WM instinctively, but for newbies they can provide valuable feedback. I can beat that. For a while my timesheet software at work let us reset our passwords to something containing special characters, but sanitized the password field of the login to remove those special characters. I only wish he was similarly strenuous in his interpretation of the 4th Amendment. I was thinking of the decidedly non-technological search in Hudson v. Michigan actually, though I take your point that his record is mixed. As an example of how complicated this can get: Many states and municipalities tax "cookies" differently than other food items. For a long time Fig Newton used "A cookie is just a cookie, but a Newton is fruit and cake" as their most prominent add copy, and while some people have referred to Fig Newtons as cookies, the people who produce them don't. Would you like to be the person in charge of figuring out, for every jurisdiction in the US where its relevant, whether or not a Fig Newton is a cookie based on relevant law and precedent? There isn't a consistent answer that applies everywhere. And that's just one product among the many, many that Amazon sells. His criticism of Buzz didn't have anything to do with unsolicited email, but rather with the fact that Google integrated it into its gmail UI. Way more than 50 different tax codes (Amazon could probably deal with that), many counties and municipalities have their own laws regarding sales tax too. That only works in an absolutely frictionless labor market. Meanwhile, in the real world, there are many sources of friction. Yes there is friction, but how does that effect whether internships are a good idea? By far the biggest source of friction in technology hiring is the lemon problem[1], and internships actually help get around that by providing references. You could credibly argue that unpaid internships are a good idea only in highly frictional labor markets. As to location, well, if there aren't any jobs in your industry locally there won't be any internships either, so that's a distinction without a difference in this discussion. [1] http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2005/01/27.html You are attempting to understand the impact of a minimum wage from from an intellectual perspective but the map is not the territory. Just as having low taxes and few public services intellectually makes more sense but in reality reduces the quality of life in society, so it is with having a minimum wage. Compare the US and counties like Sweden for evidence. Funny thing about comparing the US and Sweden, the US has a minimum wage and Sweden doesn't. What Sweden does have lots of, though is a lot of re-distributive taxation[1]. If you go and look at actual real world economists instead of the caricatures that make it into our political debates in the US you'll find that most of them are actually democrats, and many like progressive income taxes, welfare, etc. But despite the fact that most of them like government spending, pretty much none of them like the minimum wage. You could say that Sweden is exactly how your typical democrat economist would run a country if they could, with Singapore being the conservative equivalent. [1] Ok, their taxation structure is less progressive than the US's, but they spend much more of their taxes on services instead of, say, fighter planes so in practice its more re-distributive. People tend to undervalue security until it's too late. This seems unclear to me. Surely, in being disproportionaly exposed to failures of security, as opposed to people getting away with insecure practices or the inconvenience of good security procedures, security professionals are going to have a distorted view of the costs of security? People tend to be very bad at multiplying in the process of making moral judgements[1], and its very hard to give equal weight to the sum total of traveler inconvenience our airline security policies cause relative to the risk of terrorist attacks. And there's no reason to think that the TSA takes into account the >100 people killed each year by their policies [2]. If you think that airline passengers aren't going to allow another 9/11 that's probably more deaths right there than the TSA could plausibly claim to be preventing in terms of airline bombings. I don't think private airline security would be perfect and it probably would go a bit too far towards lax security, but it would almost certainly be much better than what we have right now. [1] As an example, people will pay almost as much money to save the lives of 10 starving orphans as they will to save 1 starving orphan. No, I didn't get that reversed, and if you've ever studied psychology you shouldn't find that too surprising. [2] http://aem.cornell.edu/faculty_sites/gb78/wp/JLE_6301.pdf http://ur.umich.edu/0405/Nov22_04/09.shtml http://www.thenewamerican.com/index.php/usnews/constitution/... http://patrick.wagstrom.net/weblog/2010/11/24/do-the-tsa-new... and relatedly http://cosmiclog.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2010/11/16/5477568-are-... and previous HN discussion http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2049894 A "right to sue" could be considered property if you squinted hard enough, but of course when people talk about intellectual property they're talking about "UNIX" or Windows or the Mac OS look and feel, not the legal mechanisms themselves. Thank you, it always seemed to me that it would make sense if it was supposed to be that way, but I didn't realize that that was the actual law. Its true that copyrights aren't very much like monopolies in the economic sense, but they grew out of the the older, legal meaning of that term. Back In The Day the grown would sell patents granting the owner a monopoly over the production of some good as a way of raising money quickly. This practice has quite thankfully died out as a way of raising revenue, but our current system of assigning exclusive rights to creators grew directly out of it. The Wikipedia article on the Statute of Monopolies is pretty interesting: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statute_of_Monopolies_1623 I think "intellectual property" is an excellent example to use when distinguishing between free markets and capitalism. Free markets and IP are opposed for the same reasons that free markets are opposed to any other government granted monopoly. But IP laws extend the reach of capitalism into places that might be outside it without legal assistance. It might be that you could make a thorium reactor much safer than current light-water reactors for cheaper, but the laws regulating our nuclear power were written under the assumption that all reactors were light-water reactors - so in practice you would end up with all the fancy 100% reliable control systems needed to keep the positive feedback loops in a traditional reactor from blowing themselves up as well as the special metallurgy needed by Thorium reactors. But how was the government to avoid cutting spending? Even if we include the recent austerity measures and ignore the interest payments on the debt Greece is still spending more money than its taking in. Greece can't keep borrowing money from the market if the market doesn't think Greece'll be able to pay its loans back. Greece can't just borrow money from Germany with no string attached because German voters want Greek austerity. Greece cant' default without more austerity to bring its expenses under its income, like Argentina successfully did. And it can't just inflate away its debt because its part of the Euro. Austerity does really suck in bad economic times and its probably worse than inflation, but Greece doesn't have any other options. We haven't defaulted yet, but our current crop of politicians seem fixated on resolving this oversight... EDIT: Oh, and if you want to get really technical the 1933 decision to not pay back bond-holders in gold but only in US dollars might have been a default (though most people dont' consider it that). And there was one point where we were late with a few payments in the 1970s due to a bureaucratic snafu. We've resumed normal growth, but we haven't had any of the faster than normal catch-up growth that usually happens at the end of a depression and returns unemployment to normal. So by that measure the current high unemployment is to be expected. This bill doesn't require that the government audit the financial industry business patents, but rather lets the financial industry lawyers challenge the patents in court (currently patents have a presumption of validity that would prevent this in many cases). So it would be Google and Microsoft's lawyers that would be doing this. To jump in with the others, I think you'd enjoy Bartley's The Retreat to Commitment , where he raises similar sort of criticisms to the ones you talk about, but in a much more systematic way. Generally speaking, people who were lucky enough to be born later in time have the advantage over people born earlier, since they can learn from those who come before. This isn't something you have to remember when looking at science since science in the news is if anything too focused on speculation or the latest result over what has been well confirmed - but philosophy has the opposite problem. People still talk about philosophers with ancient names, heavy with dignity even though their ideas have been challenged or extended since their time. Really, nobody talking about truth should be failing to make a distinction between what is true and what is know since Godel did his work, but Descartes had the disadvantage of being born to early to know about that. In particular, his justifications fall afoul of the third horn of the Münchhausen Trilemma, by resorting to assuming some things as axiomatic. In particular, on reflection I'm baffled that Laplace can take "I think" as axiomatic but not "I am". Existence without though isn't hard to imagine (and some Laplacian demon might be imposing its thoughts on us), but thoughts without existence is. Perhaps if Laplace hadn't set out to prove the existence of God he wouldn't have had to make such odd assumptions. Is it a mistake to say "There may be an ultimate answer, but we have no means of reaching it"? I think you underrate this line of thought. The existence of neurons is, of course, not justified in the philosophical sense - but its hard to argue that anything is justified in the philosophical sense. Reason might be a source of justification, but for that to be so you first have to assume that reason is justified. Senses might be a source of justification, but first you have to assume that knowledge derived from senses if justified. If you do not make either of these assumptions you have to retreat form justified to probabilistic or tentative knowledge, and in those terms the existence of neurons is a rather more reasonable assumption. Not proof that araneae's statement is accurate, of course, but a demonstration that science continues to encroach on the domain of philosophy in ways that the philosophers of old could never have imagined: Back in the 17th century there was an argument between Descartes and Spinoza about how knowledge was formed. Descartes said that we heard a proposition, judged it on the evidence, and then either believed or rejected it depending on its merits. Spinoza said that, instead, our tendancy was to at first believe anything we heard and then only later reject it after some reflection. Over the centuries most people agreed with Descartes, but recently neuroscience has shown pretty conclusively that Spinoza was right. [1][2] So be very careful in assuming that science will never swallow any particular part of philosophy. [1] http://www.wjh.harvard.edu/~dtg/Gilbert%20et%20al%20%28UNBEL... [2] http://www.wjh.harvard.edu/~dtg/Gilbert%20et%20al%20(EVERYTH... Modern philosophy has indeed moved beyond this notion of justification, but for a long time it was the central project of Western philosophy. What were the rationalists, empiricists, Kantians, and positivists arguing about other than the justification of knowledge (in this sense). EDIT: Maybe I'm going overboard here in attributing to philosophy in general what is only true of epistemology, my favorite branch of it. In that case, I should have been referring to "epidemiological justification". For a good resource on MIT hacks that you don't have to buy http://hacks.mit.edu/ I'll resist the temptation to link to one in particular... I've found that copyright law often ends up working reasonably well. Thank you for that lucid summary. I've always been struck by the extent that I tend to find find the issues involved in trademark disputes to be very reasonable, even if I would occasionally wish that the results would turn a different way. Perhaps its the extent to which the law behind trademarks is directly based on its purpose (protecting consumers from confusion), whereas with patents and copyrights the link between the laws involved and the social good they ostensibly promote is much less direct. EDIT: I suppose judges also are all certainly qualified to tell whether some situation is confusing, but understanding patents often requires expert knowledge and judgement that is hard to acquire. Trademarks aren't like patents or copyrights, there isn't a strong presumption of validity attached. Even if he should manage to get one he shouldn't be able to much beyond send threatening letters (at least in the US). Its probably not much of a concern for the person working in the call center, but what about the family they're sending money back to? I'm not sure if giving money to your relatives so they aren't malnourished will increase your happiness, but it should certainly increase theirs. I've been reading a book about the election of 1800 recently, and its almost scarily similar to the way modern politics works. A Magnificent Catastrophe , it came recommended by a friend and has been quite good so far. And what about people who watch low-brow movies and/or television? The things we do that are considered weird by other have a way of forming part of our identity, whether they otherwise would have or not. Nobody thinks its weird to watch a lot of TV, so even those people who spend way too much time watching TV consider themselves "TV-watchers". If the USPTO got to keep the money it collected in patent fees that might be a problem, but if it got to keep the money it got in fees then maybe it would be able to do a better job examining patents. :| Those predictions are a lot less impressive if you read the text of them rather than a short summary written after 2009 came to pass. The prediction about portable computers for 2009 that he actually made back in 1999 (in the book The Age of Spiritual Machines ) reads: "Personal computers with high-resolution visual displays come in a range of sizes, from those small enough to be embedded in clothing and jewelry up to the size of a thin book." People don't really use wearable computers now, at least not powerful enough to drive high-resolution displays. And the desktop is still with us, as are laptops in the same large form factors that were all that was available in 1990. Looking at his other predictions for 2009, I'm not sure its fair to say that cables are disapearing since you still need them for the highest speed connections, but the statement is ambiguous enough that I'll give him that one. "The Majority of text is created using continuous speech recognition" is totally false. "Most routine business transactions take place between a human and a virtual personality. Often the virtual personality includes an animated visual presence that looks like a human face." No. "Intelligent courseware has emerged as a common means of learning". Sure, but I'd already done this back in '99 so it wasn't a hard prediction. "Pocket sized reading machines for the blind" AFAIK these exist. "Translating telephones are commonly used for many language pairs" well, its in development. I imagine it'll be common by 2015. "Widespread deflation" well, both the US and Japan have had bouts of deflation recently, that wasn't due to technology but rather central bank decisions. "The neo-Ludite movement is growing" its less of a problem than in 1999, as far as I can tell. If you look at all his predictions rather than cherry picking the best ones and rewriting the rest to sound better he doesn't come out so well. That's for Spanish, though, which generally uses a somewhat smaller day-to-day vocabulary since it doesn't have the same weird Romance/Germanic thing that English does. Most languages end up having about the same information bandwidth, but make different tradeoffs between the number of syllables per second and the entropy per syllable. Spanish and Japanese, for instance, tend to be spoken rapidly and have a more regular set of sounds, but languages like English or Chinese tend to be spoken more slowly and have more different sounds in each syllable. I'd imagine that low frequency languages tend to have large vocabularies that they use, but that's just a guess. Its worth noting that it's actually subjective ethnic diversity that has these effects, rather than actual race. As a really clear example, Kenya and Tanzania both decolonialized with roughly the same mix of tribes in their borders but due to the different paths they've taken post independence most Kenyans think of themselves as primarily of their tribe first and Kenyans second, its the reverse in Tanazia. And Tanzania now has a much higher level of trust than Kenya, just as Putnam's work would suggest. The second thing worth nothing is that more ethnically diverse societies tend to have faster growing economies than more homogeneous ones, even after taking into account their less efficient governments. Or if its open, you can buy products that customize it in ways that the builder didn't intend. Most people don't program, but they do benefit from being able to install third party software on their computers. That might have been the intent of the newspapers, but that wasn't the court order their lawyers got them. Real wages may have decreased, but total compensation has been increasing steadily, at least on a per worker basis instead of a per-household one. A lot of that has been increases in the cost of health insurance paid for by employers, but some has been more vacation time, 401K matching, etc. Comparing the unemployment rate (still bad) to the recovering GDP is sort of comparing apples to oranges, since total employment has to keep increasing in order to keep up with a growing population. Its easy to imagine a situation where our employment levels have tracked our GDP perfectly, and our high unemployment is due to a recovery that took too long rather than a shift in the economy. However, the actual data is consistent with his thesis, as shown by this graph he should have used: http://data.bls.gov/pdq/SurveyOutputServlet?request_action=w... It might not be true for the whole workforce, but it is true for the median. For the rich healthcare costs make up basically nothing in their compensation, so all of their compensation increase show up as higher wages. The really poor often don't get healthcare. But for the median, they get healthcare and healthcare expenses are fairly big compared to their wages. This doesn't mean that the compensation of the median worker has perfectly tracked GDP growth, because there has been a moderate but genuine increase in inequality in compensation. But it isn't nearly as big as the increase in the wage gap, and saying "real median wages have decreased" is misleading. I noticed the same thing (and posted as much) before finding this chart saying that the total quantity of jobs really is way below peak. http://data.bls.gov/pdq/SurveyOutputServlet?request_action=w... It was really sloppy of the article to use those number like that, but his point isn't invalidated. Looking at the text of the ruling, I can see how someone might interpret it either way, either as having to eliminate the links they have "cached" or the links to a "cached" version of the website. I think that if I was a legal counsel to Google I would probably advise them not to do any linking at all in the face of that ambiguity and the large penalties for violating the court order. Equally important, I'm having a hard time imagining how it would be reasonably possible for Google to only link to the articles. A hyperlink is a combination of both text and the link, and the text has to come from somewhere. Usually it is the title of the web page that is linked to, but then Google would still be stealing content from the newspapers. I suppose they could just use the URL itself as the text of the hyperlink, but then we get to the second part of this issue. Complying with the order and still providing links would require rewriting a lot of Google's front end code just for this one specific case. Given that Google already has a process to block sites entirely at the back end it would be a lot easier to just comply with the court order that way, and probably the only way that they could do it quickly enough. I very much agree with the bulk of your post, most people are surprised to learn that woman on man domestic abuse is not at all uncommon. To quote wikipedia: Straus and Gelles found in couples reporting spousal violence, 27% of the time the man struck the first blow; the woman in 24%. The rest of the time, the violence was mutual, with both partners brawling. The results were the same even when the most severe episodes of violence were analyzed. In order to counteract claims that the reporting data was skewed, female-only surveys were conducted, asking females to self-report, and the data was the same. Gay and lesbian couples also have similar rates of domestic violence. However, due to differences in strength women are much less likely to be seriously injured or killed by domestic abuse by men than vice versa. On the other hand, battered men are less likely to receive help from society for various obvious reasons. We really have to work against domestic violence in general, rather than just "violence against women". Outside of the home, though, almost all violence committed against strangers is done by men, whereas almost all the violence that women commit is some form of domestic abuse. However, again, I agree that women often suffer discrimination in the workplace and suffer disproportionately from sexual harassment. Why on Earth do we bother with a corporate income tax at all? Just get rid of it and bump up capital gains to compensate. Well, if we don't want them to get these huge loans and tax breaks (like GE) we shouldn't elect politicians promising to create "green jobs." If think you're parsing that wrong. Being a meathead isn't at all the same as being athletic, I would hope that nobody would think that programmers couldn't be athletic. But when people think of programmers excercizing, they tend to think of running or biking or skiing or hiking rather than a "meathead" form of exercise like group pushups. And the fact that you find group pushups "awkward and weird" shows that the author had some justification in being defensive about it. Of course, I totally agree that they aren't a good enough form of exercise. I hope someone who knows more about this than I do will reply, but here goes. These markets are for stock in corporations that are not publicly traded. The paperwork to set up a corporation is pretty easy to create, but the paperwork to be a publicly traded corporation that can sell stock to John Q Public is something like several million dollars a year in lawyer/accountant fees. Startups are seldom able to afford that when they're working out of a basement, or even after thay've grown to a dozen people, so they rely on accredited investors. Accredited investors are people the government has decided are sophisticated enough that they can be allowed to invest in small companies that haven't yet been able to do all the paperwork that makes you a publicly traded company. However, they are usually buying stock from the company itself, rather than from the cofounders/early employees directly. Lets say a cofounder/early empoyee needs some money (maybe there's an illness in the family or something). They're going to want to turn some of their stock into money even though the company hasn't gone public or been bought out yet. However, if they haven't signed anything preventing this they can find an accredited investor and sell them some of their stock directly. Many companies try to prevent or limit this because if too many people become shareholders then the company becomes public by default, which might mean the company has to fold. These markets would be a way to hook up people with stock in non-publicly traded companies with people who want to buy it. So it really isn't that the markets are small and not yet regulated, but rather that the companies in them are small and not yet regulated. But does it send your view to that space as well? If it doesn't that's slightly less convenient when you're trying to move that window one space, and more inconvenient when you're trying to move multiple spaces. Yes, but that's rather beside the point. Corporations might be psychopaths, but having no hands they physically cannot commit murder - and having no minds cannot even enter into a conspiracy to commit murder. They're like a medical patient in a vegetable state: a legal person and able to interact with the world through those they have granted power of attorney, but not able to take independent action. EDIT: I should point out, it isn't impossible that a person in a vegetable state could commit some criminal offence - goodness knows we have a lot of laws on the books - and it isn't impossible for a corporation to commit a criminal offence either. Just difficult and/or unusual. On the other hand both can easily commit civil offences and corporations are prosecuted for those all the time. So if there was a crime committed in lying to the police, it was committed by a human being and unlike certain government workers, people acting on behalf of a corporation enjoy no immunity to prosecution. And I think you're being overly broad in accusing all corporations of the sins of the view. Corporations that are sole proprietorships seem to have all the same morality as the person who owns them. Non profit corporations like the ACLU also appear to display much more morality than a psychopath, as well. And there are many large groups of people - governments and political parties and so forth - which act like psychopaths without being corporations. Illegality isn't much of an argument, since by corrupting the process of law they have placed themselves outside it. I'm thankful that I live in a country where this isn't true, and even people accused of crimes still have the full protection of the law until proven guilty. Even if the crime they are accused of is lying to the police. Canadian police aren't required to respect non-Canadian judicial proceedings in Canada - though they really ought to have in this case. Its not so much a matter of it causing legal problems directly, as much as the press getting wind and starting in investigation that causes people to demand that their elected officals Do Something. Remember a while back when those anti-depressants were found to be associated with increased suicide risk? I was surprised that there was an outcry since " A dangerous time in depression occurs when a patient is coming out of the deepest part of the experience. At that point, they can mobilize their newly acquired energy to take their own life. "[1] But, I never saw anything about that aspect in the news coverage. [1] http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/288598-overview#aw2aab... Startups as we normally think of them don't really work when you have to spend tens or hundreds of millions of dollars to get your drug past FDA approval before you can start making money. I'd say a good patent is one where its very obvious what is covered by that patent, and whether a given thing constitutes prior art. Since chemistry is by its nature very discrete (atoms come integer numbers and set types) most patents in that field tend to be good ones. Generally, I find that I often find that its only worthwhile to find someone on Facebook if I have their real name and common friends. Heck, people of German Descent are the majority in most places in the US: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Census-2000-Data-Top-US-An... Unnecessary... but not meaningless. It changes the cadence of the title in a way that doesn't alter the denotation, but does shift some connotations a bit. EDIT: Oops, somehow I misread apostrophe as comma. It might continue to generate during the night, but I would be very surprised if its nighttime capacity was even a quarter what it generated during the day. Also, the glass will need to be cleaned periodically. The huge area of glass enclosed space that needs to spread out from around the tower. Every advance in science comes from people who challenge conventional wisdom, but the vast majority of people who challenge conventional wisdom end up being wrong. I did read some of the page, but gave up after it was clear that he thought his "Electric Sky" hypothesis was an alternative to general relativity. It might very well be one could construct a credible argument in some areas, but look at the wikipedia page for tests of General Relativity: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tests_of_general_relativity A new theory can't just provide an alternative to one of those phenomenon or a handful. It must make the same prediction in every single case where General Relativity has been tested and proven right - and then it has to make new predictions where General Relativity will fail. That is the standard by which General Relativity replaced Newton, and by which we would test this if it had any hope of providing a replacement. It is certainly true that cosmologists are accumulating puzzles and I expect that sooner or later we'll get a new theory that can resolve them. But this theory can't even explain the old puzzles that brought down Newton. You mention that you think EU stands up to scientific-method scrutiny. I was looking through the site and I wasn't able to find any examples of a place where EU makes a correct quantitative prediction about some phenomenon where conventional cosmology is unable to? Also, how would you use EU to quantitatively predict how the orbits of planets diverge from what Kepler's laws would predict, or how the time measurements aboard GPS satellites diverge from clocks on the ground? Or was the page you linked to wrong in claiming that EU disprove's Einstein's relativity? I sort of assumed that part of the point of Google+ was that you could have +1s from your social graph weighed much more heavily. Trust only the recommendations of people you trust, or people they trust, or so on with diminishing weight. That's why I overclock my desktop and start using Foling@Home in the winter. The crucial difference between this situation and the one that Google is in is that the activity the Sun CEO refered to was the allegedly infringing activity. "I'm happy people are watching our movies" wouldn't be a cause for invoking estoppel, but "I'm happy people are bittorrenting our movies" would be. Also, in this case the crucial aspect is what the law is, not the quickly considered opinions of non-lawyers like us. Reading the Wikipedia page on estoppel[1], it seems that Google's case is strengthened much more by Sun's long delay in pursuing legal action against Google than by a casual statement by the CEO. Of course, IANAL. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estoppel I was surprised at how lightweight his .vimrc was: https://gist.github.com/955547 There are lots of good games out there. I'd tend to recommend Agricola and Power Grid also in the economic theme, but you'll do fine just browsing the recommendations at Board Game Geek and seeing what strikes your fancy. http://boardgamegeek.com/ They also originated a bunch of other words, like using foo as a metasyntactic variable. http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/T/TMRC.html In theory, recruiters can save a lot of work by sorting resumes once and then using that sort to give some subset to companies A, B, and C - rather than the sort being repeated at each company. That patent office really doesn't have enough resources to do their job. Congress determines their budget and the fees they charge, and actually hasn't even seen fit to allow them to keep all the money they collect in fees. In the 1980s (IIRC) this has previously resulted in long delays before patents were issued, but then Congress ordered to USPTO to clear its backlog, which means they now _have_ to grant most patents quickly, because if they don't the applicant will just make a few small changes and send the patent in again, but if they grant the patent its out of their hair. To the extent that the system is choked it means that the Patent Office grants patents without having the time to look at them, not that a backlog develops. You might notice that this has already happened. I think that it would certainly be the right thing to do to bring back anyone, like Ben Franklin, who wanted to be preserved to see what the future would bring. I'd say that we should work to bring back anyone who want to be be brought back, but also not force various sort of life extension on people. We can already freeze human eggs just fine. Heck, if you count zygotes you could say we've already brought people back from cryogenic storage. C++ -> D "Kludge" Java -> D "But I liked manual memory management." C->Go "Better syntax, please" or maybe "But I need built in support for concurrency" Its not a perfect monopoly, but the market dominance of state education is greater than that of Microsoft, or Standard Oil, or any of the other companies we tend to think of as monopolies. Its not really a new discovery, the very first instant messaging system was half publish/subscribe: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zephyr_(protocol) I wouldn't use the present tense when some of those guys are dead. My take is that the carriers know that differentiation is crucial to keeping a loyal customer base. And since they are having a hard time adding value, they're trying to differentiate by removing value. They also avoid putting crapware on at least some of their phones. The G series is all pretty close to stock with a few reasonable extra apps (Swype and wifi-calling, mostly), a marked contrast to what the same hardware is loaded with when it comes from other carriers. I would assume so as well. Asking her to stop talking about the incident would really only make sense if AirB&B had some leverage behind that request. But, of course, we're probably getting a very incomplete view of events and just because I can reconstruct the dribbles of information that make it to me into a compelling narrative doesn't mean that narrative is in any way likely. But if the scientist or paper talked about the speed of sound while referring to sound in rock, would the science reporter have realized that this wasn't the speed of sound in air? In my experience of science reporting in mainstream publications: no. Not too long: http://dvice.com/archives/2011/06/first-test-of-d.php But they're thoughtful enough to do their launches off in the ocean, where an accident won't kill bystanders. Yes, tiling Window Managers are great. I do still run GNOME (2), I just swapped out the default window manager to something more to my liking. Nice to see all the resources invested by the market makers in savage zero-sum competition having some actual use. I absolutely agree that trading is socially useful, and markets would be much less liquid if we didn't have big companies ready to stand as counter-party to whatever buying and selling smaller market players want to do. It just makes me a bit sad that the profits that rightfully accrue to the sector are then seemingly wasted on HFT infrastructure, a competition that doesn't seem to provide anything useful above the standard market-making role. Yeah, one of the many nice things about fish(the Friendly Interactive SHell) is that it does that automatically.