Thank heavens, someone else who thinks the answer is "read the situation and act appropriately" rather than a black and white fight-or-flight response. About the exclusivity thing: A friend of mine is a financial officer for a company that just moved offices to Charlotte. Hiring two staff, they tried a couple of recruiters and hired two from the same recruiter, with a 25% bounty. They needed a third staffer, but were informed from that same recruiter that the bounty would be 27%. Confused because the extra position was no different - "you are charging us MORE for return business!?" - my friend was told that the extra cost was due to not signing an exclusivity agreement. His response was, naturally, "bye bye". Meh. Not surprising he's a freshman. "It's not a habit, I just do it all the time because it's healthy/good for me". The arrogance of this is astounding. Does he truly consciously think about everything he does before he performs the task? The overhead is mindboggling. When he puts his shoes on in the morning, does he consciously think about the comfort difference between putting the right shoe on the right foot versus swapping them? At some point, you have to 'automate' what you do, it is no longer conscious. At this point, it is a 'habit', no matter how much you want to pretend otherwise. And don't forget that the US' allies were all saying "Just wait a few months until the weapons inspections agenda is complete, then we'll all go in as planned and sanctioned by the UN". No, the US had to accelerate the timetable, replacing "worthless weapons inspections" with Powell's equally worthless poster project showing "structures". I don't think it's the presence of the checkbox so much as the reminder that "we will now have your email address and you will receive generic mail from us". I don't think I've ever heard of anyone /excited/ at the prospect of receiving generic mail from vendors, and certainly know of plenty who hate it. A rather sensationalist headline given that the scientific method already recognises the problems of human researchers and not only offers some mechanisms to counter those problems, but is eager for more. Are you serious? "No due process, no rule book, no accountability, just naked use of force." You defined the terms, and were supplied with the French Revolution as an example. You were the one who ran that horse into the ground, trying to insert gravitas that was never intended, so stop with the "Godwin's Law" rolling-of-the-eyes. Now I have an image of Lygon St spruikers madly typing in vi... A near lifelong citizen of Fitzroy and Brunswick, I've noticed that locals have shifted heavily away from Lygon St - for me, I refuse to eat there simply because even after you've had a satisfying dinner, you can't walk down the street without being accosted by every spruiker you come across. Having to walk a couple of hundred meters continually chanting "no thanks, we just ate, we just ate" takes the shine from a good dinner. I'd rather pay for dessert and wine than run the spruiker gauntlet... The medical equipment company I used to work for had a 5% discount that they built into every sale - people rarely paid full price, so sometimes just asking 'can you do better?' on high cost items will at least get you this "auto" discount. "I mean if the doctor overruns putting your new liver in, it is by a few hours at most." Speaking as someone who went to get a new filling in June, went through getting a root canal on another tooth, and finally will end up going under a GA to get some more serious work done in a month or two, I can assure you that doctors (well, dentists) do not charge on a fixed-symptom basis. Even if you need to return to a doctor only to get a new copy of a script you have already had, most doctors will charge you the consult time. Given that you appear to suggest there is no art to medicine, it sounds like you have no exposure to the medical world. Our profession isn't as unique as you make it out to be. Come now. Out of literally thousands of peer-reviewed articles that hit the journals every month, the author provides one example of a bad paper from 2001 and some vague handwaving at problems in the early '80s. Clearly this means that the system is a total and utter failure and should be tossed ASAP. Leaving the sarcasm behind now, peer review is but one element in the scientific process - and okay, it failed for the example paper. But another element - free and frank community feedback (ie: no sacred cows) - killed the paper, by the author's own admission. It's but one element of a series of checks and balances. Besides, although I've only published one paper, the feedback from the peer reviewers made that paper tighter and more professional - so for my solitary data point, that element of the process did improve the quality of the article. Are you honestly saying that if you go to your local bulk-billing doctor with a stubborn symptom that won't go away, necessitating multiple visits, that the doctor will only ever be paid for the first consultation? That the rest are all (metaphorically) 'bug-fixes that are included in the original fixed-price spec'? Ain't so. Doctors get paid for their time, Medicare just has the government pay for it instead of the patient. Also, dentists in particular are poorly covered by medicare here. I remember as a student going to a dentist that was affiliated with my uni and having the receptionist laugh when I pulled out my medicare card... It can sometimes be quite surprising to learn which words are a part of your local vernacular.:) I spent three months crossing the US and what struck me is how outgoing the Americans are. Back home (Australia) if you're standing at a bus stop, no-one will talk to a stranger unless it's a sardonic comment about how late the bus is. In the US, total strangers just started talking to me apropos of nothing, just to talk and pass the time. I think that this is my favourite aspect of the American character. The stereotype of the American who just wants to hear their own voice didn't hold up either - almost all of them were genuinely interested in conversation, though that may have been partly coloured because I was a foreign tourist a little off the beaten track. I was in a shop when I heard the lilting strains of a woman with an Irish accent at the next table over. Being quite partial to an Irish accent, I decided to eavesdrop and sate my desire. The first words I heard her say once I 'tuned in' - and I swear this is true - were "potato potato potato". I had to leave the shop quite quickly for fear of losing my composure :) I've pushed other folks' cars out of traffic or into a station before, and there's nothing like that sheepish smile you get as you wave them off and get on your way. On the other hand, I've also had a borrowed, beaten-up car break down in peak hour in the inside lane and no-one is letting me push it over two more lanes to the plentiful parking on the side. I waited for about two minutes for someone to give me a gap before I realised "hey, car is beaten-up anyway, if it gets hit, it's just another scratch". Waited for a small gap and just started pushing. Not particularly suprising that people with their nice clean paintjobs don't want to plow into a beaten car just to prove a point :) If you haven't encountered people like the ones in the story in your life, you need to get out more. They're as common as muck - absolutely zero disbelief is required. While I don't personally help everyone I've come across, I have done exactly as in the story, as have many of my friends: helped someone, accepted a reward to stop them from making a big issue of it, then secretly returned the reward because it wasn't the point of helping in the first place. Sometimes the most fun part of the story is the acrobatics required in returning the reward before you part ways. Requirement for suspension of disbelief: zero. So ask for a tamale with less cheese. Religion is definitely a choice in countries where such subtle nuances of civil rights are being debated as in the main link. Children can and do break with their parents religion as they grow up (and do so /often/), so clearly it's a choice. Sometimes it's a hard choice. But it's still a choice that's frequently made. But if you've got amputated legs, you can't choose to just hop up out of your wheelchair and go for a run like pretty much anyone else can. Perhaps I can make it a bit more black and white. A few suburbs away from me there was a Turkish man who killed his daughter for 'dishonouring' his family (had premarital sex). Now, I am in Australia, and this kind of thing is seen by us as murder, but it's seen by folks where this man came from as honourable. Should we be saying "It's just cultural, he didn't have a choice" or should we be saying "we're striving to create an egalitarian society, where everyone is treated as equals"? This man had a choice and to argue that "it's just cultural" (of which "it's just religious" is a subset) deprives others of their freedom to be. Laws need to cover people equally or as said elsewhere you simply create another form of discrimination. This doesn't mean that laws don't need to change, but instead that they should be worded to allow everyone the same flexibility, not having to pass some sort of highly subjecting 'faithness' test. For the record, the Turkish government has started handing out harsh punishment in an attempt to knock out "honour" killings. but the government shouldn't tell you what changes you can't make to your body, or how you provide care for a member of your tribe. Talk to a social worker and see whether or not you still believe that a government should still be able to step in and tell you how to treat a member of your "tribe" I remember reading one social worker's long diatribe about why they burned out and quit. Out of several truly horrible things (black and blue children are ten a penny), the one that really stuck in my mind was the description of finding genital warts on the anus of a 7-year-old because his mother repeatedly whored him out. "Self regulating"? Bollocks. That's a misrepresentation of what he was saying, don't know why you got the upmods. A captive-bolt stunner is a quick strike that stuns. "beating" something is protracted causation of pain. You're not 'filling in' details that have been left out, you're creating a new situation out of whole cloth. You've never heard of "a crisis of faith"? Shunning is monstrously different to killing. It's silly to even compare them. Tons of people reject the religion of their parents and are estranged from them for life, while still having a great - and in many cases markedly improved - quality of life. So... a program where near to 100% of input kids are neglected or abused that ends up with a significantly lower proportion of those kids neglected or abused is a "very weak" argument that anything has become "any better"? If you had a drug that could save 50% of terminally ill patients, would you say "we have a very weak case that this drug saves lives"? In order for your statement to make sense, the failure rate of foster care would have to approach 100%. Again, talk to an actual social worker about how they see foster care and whether or not they choose to use it. It's an opinion that will most likely come with caveats, but foster care is also a service they use frequently. While we're pulling reasons out of the air, I think that the difference in wages betwen '85 and today is /clearly/ because of Saturn's wobble. If you're the kind of person that frequents HN, I would have thought you'd have the google skills to find that out. Ah, the good ol' "if you're poor it must be your fault" reasoning, wearing yet another dress today. Seen this elsewhere but: a) There is no point in the video where the guy that started using his computer /after two years/ is confirmed as the theif, even after the police finally got involved, and; b) The speaker violates the concept of privacy that is supposed to be a 'hacker value' but not only posting everything he can on this unconfirmed thief (including dick size jokes) but also by posting naked pictures of uninvolved third parties. This hacker is an arsehole, no two ways about it. The BOFH is funny... when it's fiction. but not only posting => by not only posting The laptop booted straight to the desktop. The user lambasted by the hacker simply isn't "a computer guy", hardly a sin. Nah, they're just doing it to be cool. Nothing in a quiescent, stable state (ie not requiring attention) should be animated. Animation - even a pulse - pulls your attention. Yes, you can /learn/ to ignore an animation, but you shouldn't have to do that in the first place. "Most people use email to forward chain mail and pictures of cats." No, no they don't. That was pre-facebook - most of those users have moved there now. heh, "immature algorithms" These are the algorithms that every man and his dog want the key to, the holy grail of net commerce. I was going to write something more sarcastic but instead I'll ask: Who has better algorithms and how are they doing with them? Parents have a mere 0-10% influence over a child's development? Clear delusion there, farcical right on the face of it. One wonders if you get any social development done at all before you significantly interact with a peer group using that formula. Here's a simple example: language. Pretty much everyone learns the basics of language from their parents before they toddle off to anything representing a peer group. Genes don't give you language. Is there a gene for French? What about English with a Mancunian accent? Apparently the ability to talk and what that conveys is somewhere between 0-10% of your development. Not to mention dozens of traits that are formed from the people you interact with daily for a couple of decades. This range of numbers is simply the result of someone who has a hobby horse and has plucked figures out of the air to reinforce it. My point with language was it's simply an obvious one. There are a great many traits from our parents that affect us strongly on a subconscious level. Besides, saying "yeah, we have parents, but we all end up the same regardless" is a total cop-out when you turn around and say "yeah, we have genes, but they count for a wild fluctuation of 50% - far more important in the development than any other factor". Which is odd. We all have eyes. Arms. Legs. Lungs. Run, walk, cry, think, breathe, eat, excrete, suffer cold and hot. If you're trying to paint this theoretical 100% influence total as "that which makes us individual from each other", then it's farcical to say "parents don't count because we all end up with the basics" but somehow genes get special treatment. The fact that some of us have red hair and some don't doesn't count for 50% of our individuality. If such minor differences between people really counted for 50% of our differentiation, then there'd be far more homogeneity in personality for people of average height, average build, and average attractiveness. Those numbers are simply plucked from the air. A cutoff of 66% has nothing to do with the complexity of the marking requirements nor any standardisation done. "That's why you don't have to hold a book or your mobile phone or tablet at eye level." Bad ergonomics though. I actually got what I call a reading injury. 45 minute walk to work gets boring after a while, and after getting tinnitus (which when it was bad is /really/ bad) I was paranoid about listening to music or podcasts. So I read a book on my walk. Walking plus reading = bad for your neck. Took a couple of weeks of not read-walking to get my neck back to not hurting. That's an extreme example though. However, even in simpler terms, your neck is not made to be held at an angle for extended times. When you curl up on the couch with a book, you'll usually have good support. Do that same angle in an office chair 40 hours a week and you'll start running into problems. That 'touchpad plate' of Apple's (can't recall the official name) isn't as precise as a mouse. Our web developer gets a new box from Foxconn about once a week as he pretty much buys one of everything Apple makes. A true afficionado of the touchscreen/pad, he just couldn't use that plate for the specific reason that it's just not accurate enough for serious work. Touch and mouse focus on different things - and the mouse is venerable, not vulnerable :) They look very friendly to "full-hand" mousers, but a little unfriendly to "finger" mousers. Do you finger-mouse? How do you find it? EDIT: It's obvious how you find it, you said it directly. Change the question to "do you finger-mouse?" :) Big fan of the trackpoint. I hate trackpads, they're always clumsy (though multitouch was a great advancement) but the trackpoint is precise and doesn't easily 'drop' things when you're dragging. Nothing like that trackpad moment when the item you're dragging doesn't quite reach the destination before you hit the side of the pad :) Found the trackpoint hard to learn though - there's a lot of subtle muscle control. Steep curve, but rewarding once you have it. White pavement is a real issue on a human scale, more than a white roof. It's true, we don't spend a lot of time looking at roofs, and where people congregate in large numbers, roofs tend to be flatter and more out of view. Pavement, on the other hand, is visible everywhere people are and you do look at it all the time when you're outside in a city. Regardless of the heat, a dark road/footpath is easier on the eyes than a light one. Concrete roads on hot, sunny days require either squinting or sunglasses as all that lovely light gets reflected into your eyes. Not to mention that concrete roads and footpaths are less pleasant to use in general. From memory (and I could be very wrong here) Bush's response to Katrina was to not address it for a few days - exactly the wrong thing to do. http://blogcritics.org/politics/article/was-bush-slow-to-res... says it was four days before action started to happen, and I recall at the time there was a lot of anger directed against the inactivity of the feds. Compare to Bligh in QLD, who was doing two-hourly media stops packed with information, keeping people abreast of what was going on. The second day of the recovery they realised that they had so much volunteerism that they had to tap it - and there's aerial footage of volunteer centers with queues literally over a kilometer long. Compare to Katrina when the feds had no idea what was going on and where they also copped flak - rightly or wrongly - for not letting volunteers help in a timely manner Even on the information front alone, if people know what's going on, they feel in control of the situation as the 'what ifs' are minimised. QLD flood victims felt acknowledged, Katrina victims felt abandoned. Katrina was indeed much worse than the QLD floods, but that doesn't absolve a politician of having to provide good leadership. Meh, that argument is just a sideshow distraction. The real issue (as stated elsewhere) is that you are using something for which you are required to provide recompense. Avoid that recompense is depriving the distributor. While the semantics of "is it theft" does have a slight relevance, the overhead of how this concept completely derails the legitimate debate is far worse. Theft or not, it's an issue that needs to be addressed, and the "it's not theft" folks always seem to want to avoid addressing it. A bit like how those folks who always say "but information wants to be free / you can't stop it" never want to divulge their bank account details and passwords... The moon is made of cheese and Atlantis is located just off Greenland. The data bears this out. I'll provide a citation for my claims if you provide one for yours. The plural of anecdote is not data. Where are the stats about male /teachers/ alone with pupils having a worrying level of sexual predation, which is what you claimed. It's funny how that works - a brand new article not having much commentry. No such thing as confirmation bias, eh? Not the way it's used in day-to-day casual language. If your boss told you that you would be getting "not all, but most of your bonus this year" and you got half plus one dollars (or whatever you're paid in), chances are you'd be feeling cheated, no matter how 'technically right' your boss was. And innocent women aren't hounded from their tech jobs by the 'boys club' that is IT? It's not a competition. "You payed for those just to prevent you from lying to Apple and fraudulently claiming a warranty replacement." You make it sound like Apple is an innocent little child. It swings both ways - for every "amoral" customer you get claiming a warranty replacement, you'll have another "moral" customer getting short shrift from Apple (or company X) in terms of legitimate warranties not being honoured in a timely fashion or not following up on promises. When it actually comes to needing support, a lot of people find that Apple's slick sell doesn't flow into support - you take your chances and sometimes it really sucks. "$500-$1100 SSD upgrade" That's quite a tarry brush you're carrying there. A nice 120GB 2.5" SSD is all of $250 Australian dollars ($220 on newegg). A 240GB 2.5" drive is indeed $500, but I couldn't find an $1100 drive (my local may just not stock them). Regardless, you're intentionally picking the worst possible case to make your point. What about this situation: The bottom end mac pro comes with a 250GB drive (and you can't get a 500GB one). Upgrading to a 500GB drive costs less than $100 for the parts if you buy your own drive ($89 near me). Or 750GB/1TB for $115/$185? That's a decent upgrade for you computer, and it's not ridiculously expensive like you make out. I don't have a problem with countermeasures like water sensors, but to defend them by saying things like "what's the problem with buying a special screwdriver since anyone who's going to do so is going to install the most expensive SSD they can possibly find!" is just straight out apologism. It prevent John and Jane Doe from just picking up a common screwdriver of the types that people generally have lying around and opening the gadget. Techy types who know can hunt these things down, but it's to stop the casual users (ie: Apple's targeted market slice) from opening the units. If they were a company that sold equipment to R&D labs only, they would have used common fasterners. I do IT support for a small software house. If someone's hard drive dies, I can get a new one from a shop and get it installed, having them up and running, far faster than if I had to wait for /any/ brand-name support. We are not large enough to have spare PCs lying around in case of failure. While I am a 'tinkerer', it is also my professional duty to perform actions like these. The Right Way is not to find a hacky "elegant and creative way around" this issue, but to have direct access. "Or perhaps these new screws simply work better in their machines, jam up less, can be screwed in faster, whatever." This is... optimistic... So I write a diatribe about selectively picking and choosing data points to spin your argument and you choose to reply by doing just that? Except that it does apply in this case. If your director can keep away from close foreground shots, you don't get this problem. The angles between the eyes and the focusing power of the lens differ minimally once you get several meters away on out to infinity. From several meters to your nose, yes, heaps of variance is required and it would be very hard to do. This is just Ebert being an idiot and saying "This is my opinion, stated as fact, case closed. I won't enter into any discussion because I might be wrong", just like he said when he declared video games weren't art. It is /profoundly/ unscientific to dismiss something as unfactual simply because you don't like it. Back in the day, my honours degree was specifically involved in investigating ocular vergence (research jargon as 'angle between the eyes' as opposed to the /action/ of converging), comparing between a collimated image (= light coming to the eye in 'parallel' - from a military helicoptor pilot's HUD) and a real image (= light coming in 'non-parallel') displayed at 3m. At that distance there is already not much difference between focusing or vergence at 3m and at infinity (ie collimated), though discrepancies slightly increase as you move towards the periphery of your vision, though this may have been an artifact of the presentation of the HUD. I am not an expert in 3D and don't proclaim it to be 'there yet'. I do think that 3D is doable if the director stops the temptation of the 'power' closeup to showoff the 3D. So yeah, I think within constraints, 3D is doable. All film has constraints though, and those constraints are gradually eroded over time - such as night-time filming. Fifty years ago we would have heard Ebert proclaiming that it's impossible to film in natural light at night because film needs a certain amount of light, case closed, yet we've seen some amazing cameras arrive recently that can film at night using natural light. EDIT: Another example constraint is limiting yourself to a 'viewing box' - you can't turn your head for a full view of the scene in a movie. You're limited to a particular forced view. Despite this rather incredibly limiting constraint, film has managed to do some pretty amazing stuff. Sure it is - it can enhance immersion. Imagine being able to control scent in a movie, so that you get the smell of the scene. If done badly, yes, it can overpower the experience of the film, but done well, it would significantly enhance the immersion of a film, despite "not noticing it"/not specifically drawing your attention. Given that I don't particularly like "instant" and that these results still appear on the full search, I would consider this a feature, not a fault... When you have a hammer, every problem looks like a nail. Sure, it's good to keep disadvantaged users in mind, but some counterpoints: 1) As already mentioned, you have to go out of your way to double-space after periods in webpages. It's something to keep in mind, sure, but it's rare. 3) Gray on gray. As I started reading the article, I found that it was a little difficult to read because of low contrast. 5) Serif fonts. Used properly, serif fonts increase readability for normals. 6) Italics. You shouldn't be using italics for lengthy tracts anyway, because it's meant to be an effect signifying something (in-line quote, foreign word etc). It's meant to be 'unusual' to mark something as different and should be used in short doses anyway. Particularly with respect to #3 and #5, the lesson to take away should be "know your audience". If you're writing for the general public, keep dyslexics in mind, but don't make readability harder for the majority to satisfy a minority - particularly with respect to contrast. "In the case of DSL, the vast majority of the cost is the cost of maintaining the copper pair to your house, and that cost largely doesn't change, regardless of usage." Pure nonsense. ISPs have to pay data by volume to upstream providers. I've always thought it funny that people who use 250+GB of data class themselves as 'not heavy internet users'. "I don't torrent" != light internet use. What do most people torrent? Movies and TV. And yet there you are doing lots of HD video while claiming you're not a heavy user ("I don't torrent", "I simply..."). Out of curiosity, what level of bandwidth usage do you think quantifies a heavy user? Sounds like a bargain. There's a business opportunity for you! I do not at the moment - I perhaps phrased it poorly - but the cost of the in-ground copper wire is but one part of the costs of an ISP - datacenters, call centres, exchanges + dslams, specialist staff, CEO's bonus pay, so on and so forth. To paint the cost of DSL as almost entirely maintenance of the in-ground copper is nonsense. So you're claiming that the only part of managing throughput is the in-ground wires? That ISPs don't use network admins to manage load congestion? That ISPs don't have to purchase new hardware and other capacity to handle increased bandwidth consumption? Do you think all ISPs are running off the ancient network equipment they were originally set up with back in the day? I'm honestly surpised that on /Hacker News/ of all places, so many people thing that the only thing contributing to their bandwidth cost is in-ground copper. Are you seriously trying to tell me that a company with a thousand users requiring 100kb/day versus a company with a thousand users requiring 10GB/day has exactly the same costs apart from just the upstream bandwidth? That the latter company somehow gets 'cheaper' overalleven though it requires newer network equipment to handle the load? That the light internet users cause as much support issues as the heavy internet users? Of course they don't - for the same number of users, heavy internet use increases backend costs. Those 100k users aren't causing congestion with torrents or video, for example. And just like in-ground copper, exchanges, datacentres and the like aren't cheap to install or maintain. Sure they get a bit 'cheaper' with scale, but they're still not 'cheap' - especially if you've got to keep upgrading your equipment to handle load. Costs in a business rise in things other than directly-related items. Take an example: I've spent the morning doing an emergency repair on an RMA'd item that the service boys don't have the time to do. This has meant that the other critical tasks I've had to do have been pushed back. Sure, you can say that the repair of the RMA'd item is just my wages + spare parts, but you'd be wrong. It's had knock-on costs elsewhere in the system. I agree that we're at cross purposes, and you're closer to the nitty gritty than I am. I do admit to surprise that you find it more expensive to maintain old equipment than it is to purchase and maintain new equipment though. That's startling, and goes against the behaviours in the tech companies I've worked in. Not a memory expert myself, but a friend of mine dismisses overly large swap as consuming more RAM to handle it's addressing - that is, the more swap you have, the less of your RAM you can access. I'm not sure what the consumption rate is, but he won't create general servers with more than 2GB swap (if that), no matter how much RAM the system has. They have done that bare minimum. Flicker has already provided the guy with five years of hosting and linking - that doesn't just disappear because it's in the past. They provided the service that was paid for over those years. Now they've made a mistake, and have refunded this years payment and added future access for free. They have done more than 'the bare minimum'. It might be good PR to refund previous years' fees, but they were at the time provided in good faith and competant manner; there is no 'fair exchange' reason to refund them. I'm tired of hearing about the degradation of language content - the 'race to the bottom' of simplified language - being defended as 'just what language does'. Why can't people be proactive about the language they want to use? What's wrong with someone discussing why they think it's poor, and providing motivation to a 'this'-er to see why it's poor and changing their behaviour towards a more informative approach? Particularly in an intellectual environment such as what HN wants to fill, why is it wrong to say 'please don't dumb down conversation, please inject content'? After all, screaming 'first post' and trolling are also natural social progressions, but they're frowned on too. Have you stopped to ask who they are protecting them from? "But once a form becomes classical it rarely produces much of lasting worth." This may be true of arts, but it's not true of science. A clearly articulated idea does not lose cachet with age. Science isn't about 'forms' and 'styles', it's about accurately describing the world around us. Newtonian mechanics are 'classical' and 'old-fashioned', yet they still provide much of lasting worth to this day. Anyway, I think to some degree you misunderstand my issue, which is about content. "this" is contentless. It is chaff. Noise. Mental overhead. It adds nothing. I would much prefer to read a rambling paragraph by someone with a poor grammar, spelling, or even knowledge of whitespace if that person is providing some content. Encouraging people to provide content and not just fall back on memes and tropes contributes to intellectual discourse. All the examples you give provide content of some kind. Encouraging content promotes thinking about content, which in turn gives rise to more sophisticated thought - regardless of crossed t's and dotted i's. Perhaps an example. I'm Australian, and our previously monocultural British heritage offered us wordplay as a way of life. Every member of society used a variety of forms of metaphor to communicate, and double entendres (not necessarily sexual) were common, as was the process of being able to say more by what you left out. As we rejected the WAP and became multicultural (this is not a jab in that direction, just an explanation), the complexity of this communication has markedly simplified - speaking in metaphor in public is now truly dead here as the great unwashed can no longer perceive the true meaning (which once was plain as the nose on your face). The influx of US media helped simplify things here as well. The art of everyday reading-between-the-lines is wasting away. So we /have/ lost something tangible here. It's not about 'correct English', but complexity and subtlety in the way we can communicate. Things are much more stark and pinned down now - good for scientific work which should always be utterly unambiguous, but for everyday use not so much fun. So this has changed. I know that it has to be this way, and it would be unfair to immigrants to force them to engage in communication that takes decades to master just to take part in public life (enough barriers as is). But it is not an 'enjoyable' change. Perhaps a simile would be: imagine that if to continue communicating you were forced to use words no longer than three syllables long. It's doable, but it's constraining and you lose flexibility of expression. "Real intellectual culture is closely connected to the marginal, lowly, and popular; it's pseudo-intellectual culture that wants to erect a wall against them." I couldn't disagree more. I hear the 'erect a wall' part, but the marginal, lowly, and popular are the ones who ridicule those who show intellect or talent. In my experience, the 'good' intellectuals are those who can relate to the common person, but they prefer to be with people who can 'get' them, can converse with them on an equal footing. And a prime example: "This." is lowly and popular, but real intellectual culture - not hipsters, but real intellectual culture - does not favour it. Out of curiousity, if we shouldn't correct the language of those we believe are using it poorly, how would one justify the correction of subtle hate speech, which is about stopping language from being used to form a base opinion about a class of people? Is this not interfering with the way individuals choose to use language, molding language into what we want it to be rather than letting it be what it naturally falls to? Of course not, it'd block the tubes! "Don't care" in the form of getting out and proactively doing something, yes. "Don't care" in the form of clicking a preorganised button ("sign online petition", "retweet this travesty", "join this voluntary botnet"), plenty of folk care that way. If your engagement in the nominated activity can be fully completed before you finish your beverage of choice, the internet is full of caring individuals... Different, but related. A forensics company does not have the ability to claim ignorance of security issues - /especially/ if their role is digging up dirt on others. They should be fully aware of privacy and security issues. Now if they were a company that baked and distributed cheesecakes, I'd give them a pass on criticism for having security issues. Insane vendor lock-in that can be readily and legally circumvented with Calibre, a free and open-source piece of conversion software that runs on the three major consumer OSs? It would be interesting to see a study done on profitability per employee based against employee wage. Now it's just a hunch, but my guess is that Goldman Sachs with it's approaching-six-figure average employee wage is going to be a lot more profitable per employee than mega-marts employing minimum-wagers by the thousand. Are you aware that there are a great many places to purchase DRM-free ebooks at places other than Amazon? And that programs like Calibre can format-shift these to kindle-readable formats? You're not vendor-locked with the Kindle with these tools. Your /brain/ might be vendor-locked though, if you think that a Kindle will only ever read stuff bought from Amazon. I bought a Kindle for a friend, and torrented hundreds of ebooks for her. She hasn't paid a cent to DRM formats. When she wants a new book, she can purchase an ebook from somewhere other than Amazon if she wants to avoid DRM, and use Calibre to convert to .mobi format, which the Kindle happily reads. I was depressive and was retrenched in 2009 due to the company meeting bank demands. I ended up spending my retrenchment money travelling - I'm from Australia, and I always wanted to travel coast-to-coast across the US. I spent three months doing it, and had a total about about three crappy days. Every other day was awesome, just travelling at my own speed and exploring another country. I was significantly reinvigorated, and I'm very much the 'sit at the computer' type of person. So yeah, I recommend travel. Also because when else are you going to get the chance to spend some serious time travelling? Er, no it isn't. People pay the least amount possible because they're tight. Some people are actually offended when I tell them "you get what you pay for" - particularly for services rather than products. There's this weird consumer fantasy land where you get top quality for fire sale prices. Real names attached to unpopular commentary = danger. For example, if you're in a conservative town and you're using your real name while arguing for civil rights for homosexuals, you might draw nutcases tracking you down and harrassing you for your simple viewpoints instead of engaging you in the medium you participated in. This isn't a matter of not owning what you say, but a matter of putting a layer of insulation between yourself and immature idiots. Another issue with real names comes from identity theft - using real names makes the process a little easier. Real name + known site hack = half the job done. Pseudonyms aren't just about trolling, they're also a social firewall. Another way of looking at it is: why does a comment from a 'real name' have any more weight than from a pseudonym? Once you've built up a body of commentary you've built up a reputation under that handle anyway. Just recently I witnessed a heated debate between pseudonyms and the weaker of the two debaters finally said "I am Dave Foo from Sometown, Oregon - are you going to hide or man up?". The response was "I am Bill Bar from Othertown, California - what of it? You still haven't answered the questions I asked". Real names add little in terms of content of validity. Real names aren't necessary, but if you want a reputation, you'll need to be consistent with the name you pick. I have found the opposite - by using a handle on a debate site, I've been able to float very taboo topics that have ended up being pretty illuminating and illustrative that I never would have engaged in if I was 'protecting my name and keeping away from the crazies'. One example was in an online debate about a report of necrophiliac abuse of cadavers in a funeral home. Highly emotive topic and sets off the rage in most folks. But myself and a few others were able to look at it a bit more discretely - and through discussion examined where the harm lay: not to the person whose body was so affected (as they're dead) but to the family should they find out (you may disagree, but this helped illuminate something for me about 'bags of chemicals' vs 'human being'). This isn't to say I think necrophilia shouldn't be a crime, but that where the harm is done is somewhere other than the knee-jerkers think it is. Ultimately discussion of this ultra-taboo topic gave me insight to the human condition and was another brick in the understanding-how-things-are-instead-of-how-they-look edifice. If I had've used my real name in a discussion like that, I would never have pursued it. Some people are blinded by rage and emotion and advancing an unpopular viewpoint is simply inviting someone stupid in the middle of a rage to do something harmful to you without rationally thinking about it. These folks are also the ones that believe that being offended gives them the right (or even the duty!) to harm you. The benefits to pseudonyms /far/ outwiegh the penalties. As pyre has already said, 4chan's b channel is a force unto itself, but there are plenty of other places with no consequences where the speech is fine and isn't the devolved miasma you make it out to be. Pseudonyms also protect people against unwarranted discrimination. I speak as a white male with a white male name that it's fucking awesome being a white male. But I have observed those who aren't white males get subtley (and sometimes not so) discriminated against online. Check out /any/ tech post where a commenter with an Indian name takes part. Unless the Indian is well known, there's bias against their comments. Same goes for women - if the discussion is outside the 'women's sphere', watch the subtleties as some of the men close ranks. Get an openly-declared woman involved in a discussion on physics in a general forum and she won't be treated as an equal. People should be judged on what they say, not how their name slips hints about their background. To that end, a pseudonym greatly levels the playing field. A name, pseudonym or otherwise, merely defines a body of work, and humans are complex creatures with interests in different areas. Why should we throw away the awesome things pseduonyms do for us simply because of internet trolls - which have other effective ways of dealing with them anyway (user moderation >>> unprovable 'real name' requirement) Hit the 'End' key! :) sigh One day we'll stop comparing city-states to continental countries. How about an apples-to-apples comparison. Hong Kong is part of China. How's the internet compare between the US and China? Average speed? Broadband penetration? Choice of ISPs? Freedom of access? I come from a different continental-sized country also full of internet-speed whiners, and boy do they love pointing at tiny countries and outliers and making it sound like these are the norm. Huh, fancy that - South Korea is an order of magnitude ahead of everyone else in the world. Clearly we /must suck/, because we don't match that hypertech'd outlier! So that's how you do italics here. How baroque! "Although Nokia and Microsoft gave us an endless supply of concept products over the years, they haven’t produced, for example, anything like the TiVo, the iPod, the iPhone, OS X, the iTunes App Store, or created brand new user experience paradigms, transformed calcified markets, captured the imagination of people, and so on. They didn’t have the organizational and intellectual discipline to go from concept to product." Pure fanboyism. Nothing like OSX? Windows isn't like OSX? It's a gui system for running programs on your personal computer. Nothing like the TiVo, iPod, iPhone? Well... they see themselves more as a software company. Apple doesn't have a product that can even remotely compete with MS Office - like it or hate it, it is MS's 'killer app'. Transform calcified markets? MS IS the calcified market! They had so much of the market there was nowhere for them to go but down. Captured the imagination of people? People being led by the nose to say "ooh, shiny glass and brushed metal" are showing the same level of imagination as the people playing in the MS-corned PC games market. "Real artists ship, dabblers create concept products" Nonsense from the outset. Unless, of course, you think that a painter of masterpieces should never have once produced a preliminary sketch. Outrage? Hyperbole much? It's an article humourously linking the mechanical control of Apple to Asimov's three laws of robotics. This is the first time I've seen something written in the passive voice being referred to as 'outrage'. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Laws_of_Robotics Take it up with Asimov. Just because we're a techy crowd here doesn't mean that we can't allow a little poetic license. Simple: consumers live in the moment. They have no idea how much work goes into creating a product, nor do they see more than a couple of months into the future. Unsustainable? How about 'normal retail practice'? It's funny watching people froth at the mouth about normal retail practice. I don't like Apple or how they run their business, but a 30% cut for a retailer is even be a little low. Go into a bricks-and-mortar store and usually 30%+ of the price you see is markup on the wholesale price. Apple provide a service: they deserve to get paid for it. Even if Apple allowed apps to be sideloaded, you wouldn't sell anywhere near as many apps if you marketed them yourself, not to mention having to deal with organising a payment system and easy, integrated way of getting them. App developers are the wholesalers . Apple is the retailer . If you want to be both a wholesaler and retailer for your app, then Apple isn't for you. Go to Android... but you'll find it's still better to give Google a cut and be on their market as well... The best resume format I've seen is this: list your job duties in a plain English paragraph or two without getting too verbose. Directly after that, stick all the keywords for that particular position in a box. Move on to the next position and do the same. This way the mouthbreather HR folk that just run off dot-points and couldn't give a fuck get their keywords, and the folks next in line who want to understand what you actually did and can understand what you're talking about can hear you describe it in your own words (plus refer to keywords as necessary). Short, plain English paragraphs speak volumes as to your skill in communication and that is picked up by those who care (ie: not HR) They may have gone to a lot of effort, but I have to say it's not smart to put content on a page that doesn't work when javascript is off. Come on. Apple directly markets to the latte set - it's their target audience. It'd be as silly as saying that MS has the best OS because that's what all the high-end gamers use. Also, on the hardcover thing, we must live in very different areas, because even excluding novels, most books people have lying around are paperbacks and while there are a few hardbacks, they're not used with anything like the regularity of e-readers. esp. since I'm reading at night, and don't want to have a light on Eh? So... a tiny booklight integrated into the Kindle's cover counts as a 'light' and is therefore Not Good, but a sizeable screen that lights up your face and what's behind it is apparently Kudos Awesome? This works as long as your developers are talented in QA and are motivated to do it. That sounds like it requires a lucky constellation of events. "I like using my fingers and hands to interact with my computer." Trust me, the keyboard and mouse that is controlled by psychokinesis has not been invented yet. Fingers and hands are a requirement to deal with pretty much all computers... What's Next is a big problem for software because the simple stuff is easy and noticeable, but the refinement is tricky and doesn't look like much. At my old work, our basic software showed a series of line graphs crossing a page in realtime. Compared to the previous available tech (paper pen printers) it's Big and New. Comes version 2 of the software and it has many refinements - antialiasing and smoothing algorithms to make the data look nicer and more interpretable but with no loss of significant detail; improved analytical algorithms with tighter results; reduction in data stored per unit of information; so on and so forth. But the users don't see this, and certainly don't think it's "much more" than version 1 - "Shouldn't this be a patch? Why should we have to purchase it again for v2?" That job also taught me that what users want and what devs think users want are frequently miles apart. How does Ben know that the guy previously emailed adam, anna and berry? Shouldn't Adam, Anna and Berry be concerned about their email privacy if Ben just reads their email on a whim? I used ifconfig until about halfway through last year when someone pointed 'ip' out to me. I kept using ifconfig right up until the point I found that ip didn't require root rights... This was the first thing I thought. This is pure and simple bad UI design. UIs should move away from ambiguity, especially around concepts of safety. The high voltage symbol is a safety symbol. Sure, this very second, there's going to be no confusion between the two symbols, but if this catches on and the symbol becomes ubiquitous, it will muddy the discrimination of the safety logo. This is simply irresponsible behaviour from a tech giant who intends for this symbol to become ubiquitous. All in the name of "oo, it looks cool!". Bad Apple! Fair enough, thanks for the info. I just generally found that I couldn't simply make it work on a standard debian install and assumed it was permissions. ta I'm similarly OS-agnostic in terms of performance and usually recommend Apple gear for people with no preferences. But it still bugs me when people bray about 'revolutionary Apple products' that are really just Apple joining the party. This 'amazing new thing' gets shoved in my face that has been around for ages and I'm supposed to mollify them with vapid oohs and ahs. Or if someone asks me why I've got an android phone and not an iphone and I casually respond that I don't like the way Apple devices get locked to iTunes, I get groans and eye-rolls. Fuck that shit, you ask me a question and then you socially punish me because I prefer to go a different way, damn right I get pissed off at the 'Apple Cult'. Fanboys of all stripes are painful as hell, and the Apple Fanboy Cult is currently ascendent, that's all. IIRC, one of the negatives about Ubuntu choosing to move away from X11 towards Unity is that they will be losing the network-friendliness for remote screens for which X11 is specifically designed. X Windows was designed around running multiple thin-clients as a primary purpose. Wiki says X started in 1984, with X11 being released in 1987 - it'll be 24 years old this year. I've noticed that with comments of my own - where I've made a sarcastic comment, then said 'kidding aside now, real comment' and been heavily downmodded. Normally this wouldn't rankle, but in the same threads are far more sarcastic comments with zero content happily getting modded up, sometimes quite strongly. Another time I was arguing against a guy about language, and despite his position being offered in good faith and with a degree of detail in his argument, he was modded into the negs. Comments do seem to do better here when appealing to emotion and popularity rather than internal merit. As code_duck says, on MS Windows VNC just lets you see the existing single-user desktop. It's a different beast to the unix VNC. On X Windows (X11) VNC runs 'more natively' creating a new desktop for you when you remote in - each new connection creates a new desktop instance for the user logging in. It's actually more configuration work to make it view an pre-existing desktop session :) Anything has to be better than Microsoft's "Call Our Account Manager To Have Them Explain Appropriate Volume Licensing - Oh You Bought Something Slightly Weird Let Us Pass You Through To The Next Guy Up Who Might Still Fob You Off" licensing methods. I'm not an expert in remote protocols, but I also find it snappy. Perhaps the point that for non-server versions it locks out the local console while it's running is the restrictive part? What you really mean is not "these professions can do no wrong", but "the media finds it difficult to blindly tar these professions the way it does to others". Doctors can do no wrong? Is that why malpractise has help skyrocket the cost of medicine in the US? Doctor shortage a machiavellian plan to keep salaries high? Pull the other one. Yes, I do think that there aren't enough people with the smarts and the motivation to be a doctor - in fact I think that there are less of them than actually are doctors. Policemen can do no wrong? Yes, in law courts they're seen that way, but I can guarantee you that plenty of people see police as doing plenty wrong. Police cop plenty of abuse. And Teachers can do no wrong? Tenure or not, teachers cop it from students, administration and parents. Firefighters can do no wrong? Meh, firefighters have the soft option. Cool toys and generally don't have to deal with the general public if they're not paramedics. Stick it to 'em :) But really, the 'can help friends in Katrina' argument you make is just desperately clutching at straws. Not sure how this is a prime motivator for emergency personnel (I know a few, and this is not why they work in their respective forces) or as a 'can do no wrong' argument. Why do you say no language problems? They have different problems - educating in two languages, Finnish for home use (a unique language no-one else uses) and English to be competitive in the wider world. The article even makes mention of the issues of English. I think the confounding factor is not "a middle-class society" rather than "a democratic socialist society", where everyone is given the chance to perform instead of being damned by the location of their birth within their country. None of this 'born in poor location, local schools don't have funding' crap. If the US could get rid of it's endemic Just World fallacy, half of it's problems would be solved... Then you miss out on the steam train! My mistake, swap in Wayland. Most of the moaning I've heard on the web about it is from Ubuntu - probably because I use debian and watch those crowds more. heh, sorry, I always unintentionally do that, and it always gets up the nose of the old guard :) I disagree - school is an excellent place to learn skills, especially if you do sciencey stuff. It teaches you how to question things fairly and appropriately, and how to do and dissect research. When I left tertiary education we were all sitting around doing the trendy thing and bemoaning how university had been worthless; we couldn't remember any facts . Then it dawned on us that we got insights into industry, learned how to communicate professionally, learned how to find the truth or the most truthful path, how to research, how to critique work, learned how to better collaborate with others, gained a small measure of self-direction (tertiary is the first level of education where it's up to you to show up), tastes of politicking and how to survive it, professional ethics, so on and so forth. Occupational skills were learned in addition to all of those. Part of the above meshes with culture, but they're all tangible if non-obvious skills. If you want someone to do a root-cause analysis, you're not going to turn to the dropout unless he's talented and a passionate self-driven learner. Most folks are not this. As always GIGO, but you learn a hell of a lot of skills in tertiary education, they're just not all in 14-point font on your syllabus. Sometimes you can tell. I'm very glad I went to university for my undergraduate, and very glad I dropped out of my PhD. My career has been in fits and starts and I've been poor most of my life, but in my PhD I was doing a subject I wasn't interested in and I could see my career path ahead of me - disinterested, unmotivated post-doc, academic politicking with the sharks, no real-world experience with a doctorate in something that was rather tenuous and not useful, trying to hide this fact from future academic employment. Interestingly my first year in industry after dropping out gave me the experience that my topic would have ended in a null finding. The direction of the PhD was such that there weren't many doors opened by it, but once you have a doctorate you're overqualified for just about everything outside the doctorate's field - which sucks if you're not an entrepreneur (like me). The important thing is to discern the people who say 'best thing I did' and actually mean it with the benefit of self-reflection versus the people who use it as a defence for copping out and not doing the hard yards. Sorry, by 'school' I was meaning tertiary only. High school didn't add much in the way of critical thinking, I agree. Fair point - I have only ever used sl on a box with no sound, didn't know it did that. I have been using my iPhone for years and my iPad for one year. I honestly can’t remember the last time I went to a Web site that wouldn’t load because I didn’t have Flash installed. This seems self-selecting. I use Flashblock with win and lin desktops and are constantly coming across sites "missing bits" or "missing everything" because of blocked flash. Half the time this is advertising - I love my Flashblock - but there's a lot of content blocked as well, Way back when I was studying intelligence there were a number of specialties, but there were three broad groups that these specialties seemed to cohere under: 1) Algorithmic intelligence: the layman's usual picture of intellegence around working with concepts, figures, space, so on and so forth 2) Verbal intelligence: working with language and expression, vocabulary, etc 3) Social intelligence: being able to read people and social situations This was the state of play ~15 years ago and things may have restructured, but it points out that acuity can be in places other than the usual geeky fare. The sales guy that can sell you something you don't want and make you feel good about it is able to read your cues and formulate responses to counter 'incorrect' behaviour. Why be sad? It's the way of things. A scientist does science, interested in analysing something. An actor is interested in presenting themselves to huge numbers of people and being popular in doing so. It's the whole point of the job - the actor's job is inherently self-promoting; it can't exist without some form of self-publicising. I don't like Apple's business practises and never have, but this 70/30 split furore is hilarious to someone who has worked in retail and supply before. It is entirely normal for a retailer (apple) to take this kind of split in the retail price and the supplier/wholesaler to take 70%. In the retail industry I worked in, the retailer took a 35-40% portion. This split is yawningly normal in retail. What's not normal is the huge numbers of "one-person" wholesalers... who have very little in the way of business experience and see that split as a "tax" rather than payment for a service. regarding the first point about 32% take, below is my cut'n'paste from the same issue on the Apple platform. At least on Android you can sideload. Summary: "If you want to do business, you have to pay for services. Deal with it". If you think otherwise, well, there's a market full of screaming developers with little business experience, and this is the 'home of startups' - there's a startup idea to capitalise on. ---- I don't like Apple's business practises and never have, but this 70/30 split furore is hilarious to someone who has worked in retail and supply before. It is entirely normal for a retailer (apple) to take this kind of split in the retail price and the supplier/wholesaler to take 70%. In the retail industry I worked in, the retailer took a 35-40% portion. This split is yawningly normal in retail. What's not normal is the huge numbers of "one-person" wholesalers... who have very little in the way of business experience and see that split as a "tax" rather than payment for a service. And don't Walmart and Costco have an excellent reputation for quality! And actual retail stores need to pay for their property, their employees, transportation, and utilities to keep their stores running. I thought someone would say this - as if developing the infrastructure and maintaining it is extremely low cost. Development of enterprise level software is expensive. Having individual reviews of every app is expensive. This is just apologism for people trying to get out of the rather humdrum retailer/wholesaler relationship. Apple don't buy stock and sell it on. Sure they do - they just buy it in a JIT fashion. Someone orders the app, Apple supplies them a copy. The 'stock bought' is the payment to the wholesaler. If you buy ten shirts from a wholesaler, they get paid for ten shirts. If you buy ten apps from a wholesaler, they get paid for ten apps. I don't think a department store would necessarily take 30% of all sales made within it. A department store has different expenses, but yes, a good quality department store will take that cut and higher. Apple and Google are not just providing market space. They also provide quality review and payment processing. It's not like your Sunday market where you pay a fixed price, take a fixed amount of stock, and then spend your own time hawking your wares and dealing with payment. Instead it's a market where you supply your stock once and take royalties on it. Apple/Google take over some of the advertising and all of the payment processing. You don't have to worry about bad credit cards. Or making the payroll. Or keeping the servers up. In fact, that's the better way to look at it - rather than a bricks-and-mortar store comparison, apps are more like music or prose. You do the work once . You can rerelease the work if you like. It's in your own interest to help market the work, but you don't have to. But once the work's done, you can just sit back and let someone else deal with making money for you if you like. That sounds more like royalty-based industries than brick-and-mortar shops. And compared to other royalty-based industries, in this case it's the artists taking the corps to the cleaners! Seriously though - they've sunk heavy investment into the product, why should they go for cut-throat margins in a booming industry? Besides, it comes off as whining for suppliers to have to pay a very normal fee for services supplied They offer similar services: a centralised place that people come to in order to buy a variety of products. It's good for your software to be on it. The differences are minor, it's the merchant solution that is significantly the same. At least with the Android marketplace, if you don't like that 30% cut, you're free to separately market and take payment for your application. The principal part of both is this 'centralised store' approach, combined with dealing with the payment system. The other thing is good old capitalism. Apple and Google aren't social services, so why should they operate on razor-thin margins? They have desirable products, and are charging normal retail overheads for what is, essentially, a royalty-based industry. 30% is fine, and 'what do you get for it'? The ability to hawk your wares and not have to worry about bad debts or if it's worth taking a 99c sale. I've only just entered the smartphone market (android phone 3 weeks ago) but before I had a horse in the race, as a neutral observer, Apple fanboys were worse than Android ones. Android fanboy bitchiness seems to be a reaction to Apple marketroid guff. It doesn't self-generate and invade your mindspace. Apple marketing and culture does. Fanboys are annoying everywhere, but in the absence of mention of competition, Apple on other people's devices demands more of my mental space than Android does. Germany also has an incredible work ethic. Not only did they bounce back after WWII, they also did after WWI. At the conclusion of WWI, the allies effectively stripped Germany of it's factory infrastructure and imposed crippling repayments. Within 20 years Germany had again massed a military machine that took over Europe - overpowering their former opponents - and came close to taking Russia. They've always valued quality and hard work, and it pays off for them. Right now they're the ones dragging the EU along by the ear. Another factor is that much of the UK's economy was based on income from foreign lands, particularly India. Once that was gone (India achieved independence post WWII) a decline was inevitable. Perhaps the secret sauce is having the guts to admit that significant changes need to be made and then act on them. Since the GFC, all the US administration has done is try to preserve "business as usual". There's been no real "stuff is really harsh, we need to take some serious measures here". I guess that covers that stagnation angle... And there I was thinking that AB's success and CTC's failure was that the former doesn't finish after a mere handful of levels... "price of 6 lines of puppet code" = 90 characters price of your example = 105 characters Why is installing Ruby "provisioning my server" while installing Puppet is somehow "not provisioning my server"? I seem to accrete job roles, and one time I was so far behind on my testing that I went to the boss to ask for a Wed-Sunday work week so I could get some actual work done without interruptions. The first fortnight was great, got through a lot of backlog on sat/sun. The second fortnight sucked as I was blocked on stupidly trivial issues. That ended the experiment. I guess the moral of the story is to pick and choose your 'out of hours' work wisely. I might choose the one that is closer to me, or closer to where I would want to use the stored items. I might choose the one that also offers a parcel reception service. I might choose the one that has better security - some storage outfits are just a single room separated into lots by loose cardboard. I might choose the one with greater hours of access. One day people will get that there is far more to 'value' than 'money'. SF is a nice place. People want to be there. Why shouldn't they capitalise on it? Boo-hoo, stupidly wealthy company can't take the heat, so go move to Idaho and see if that tax is really the kind of thing that cripples your tech company. Rah, rah, private companies should be allowed to accrete wealth for their superior products because that's The American Way. But should a city offer a superior product, suddenly we're all supposed to be communist equalists when it comes to the public life? A foreign minister that calls gang rapists "virile" and all sorts of extremely mysoginistic pop culture suggests not that "the Japanese are so civilised ", only that they are merely different. White friends of mine recall looking for a flat in Japan and being constantly rejected with "you're white, we don't lease to whites", which is not a problem there. There are second-generation Koreans living in Japan who can't get citizenship or the vote. Japan is an awesome place and the people are very different to a great many other places, but can we keep the cultural cringe to a minimum? I also find it interesting in the story that there is no mention of Feynman making a fuss about a colleague being stark naked in the same room. Does this mean he's also much more advanced and civilised? Why doesn't Fernman mention this; why is it beyond notice? Why is the maid's lack of reaction that much more noteworthy than his own lack of reaction? Ah, but were they their own bikes? :) This is an outrageously biased article. The previous two globally-advertised large-scale disasters happened in western anglo countries and had minimal, if any, looting. I'm talking about the floods that devastated Brisbane and the Queensland coast, quickly followed by a category 5 cyclone smashing into Townsville (Australia) and the Christchurch earthquake where the centre of the city was levelled (New Zealand). Both of these disasterous events had extremely little looting. Both of these events saw strong outpourings of community spirit and solidarity, with lots of volunteering and food drops. It's not something that's mysteriously Japanese. This is important because the article paints this as a Japan vs the World thing by roping in the UK, Chile and Haiti. The article lists the following as reasons why there is little looting in Japan: - buddhism and shinto - honour and dignity - conformity and consensus - national pride - high discipline - they return your lost wallet - more highly evolved race (!) Few of these are attributes that random interviewees would say are characteristics of Australians or New Zealanders The Japanese are a unique culture and credit needs be given where due, but we need to stop talking about them as if they're magical and mysterious, beyond mortal ken just like Tolkein's elves. This is the crux of it. Either give them a free account (possibly with benefits to you described above) or stop them/lock them out. The chance of converting this customer into a valid one is low enough that it's not worth your mental overhead dealing with them further. Out of curiousity, what is a currently functional non-stone-age operating system? I tend to waffle a bit (well, usually informative, but lots of info), so now at longish emails I go back to the top and put 'summary: foo'. Folks can get the summary and then drill down to detail if they want to. That's not going to help the GPs keyboard problem though. I would had thought a much simpler and more direct example of functional overlap would have been 'more' and 'less'... The saddle is just as easily locked - get a light chain and a padlock, wrap it around one of the underwires of your saddle. As for 'steering wheel'... a bike that unusual is asking to be stolen by a curious enthusiast :) Africans have been in Africa since the dawn of humankind. Do you think there'd be so many 'wallet' stories as in this thread if we were talking about Africa? Egyptians have been a distinct ethnic group along the Nile river for longer than the Japanese have been where they are. Let's not attribute magical properties to long-lived cultures. Doesn't matter how open the source code is, the phone network still needs to know which cell you're in to direct your call. Knowing where you are is a fundamental part of the cellphone system. Well, if all software was free, you could run your own base station, not just a phone. Likely other people would do the same thing. I look forward to this influx of wealthy and altruistic individuals. So you should be able to drive a car that has heavy tracks that chews up and destroys public roads, loudspeakers blaring 110db pink noise, emits a safe but heavily odourous powder that coats the buildings it passes by, and has random rotating high power searchlights guaranteed to throw blinding rays into other drivers' eyes, should you so feel like it? All so you can escape the 'burden of control'? When you do drive, do you bother to follow traffic lights? I mean, they're just another form of the government telling you what you can and can't do. You should just be able to drive when you like, where you like, right? Similarly license plates should be discarded, as they're just another way for the government to track your activities, which we should be free from. To be clear, what I'm trying to illustrate is the pointlessness of absolutist statements. Being human is an exercise in compromises, and libertarian talking points fail to take this into account. Expanding on that, you can tell a lot about a society by the way it treats its least valuable members. 'Least valuable' is not the employed poor. They're the entrenched criminals and severely mentally ill - those who only consume resources and can't be rehabilitated. If I had to choose a single simple measure, it would be the median level of quality of life. The HDI tries to evaluate that, check it out: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Development_Index http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_inequality... Total accumulated success is easily shown to be a false measure with a thought experiment. Consider two thousand-person communities, one full of middle-class professionals, and one with a single multi-billionaire and the rest are all downbeaten impoverished workers. You'd have to be pretty crazy to suggest that the one with widespread crushing poverty is a better society. Wales isn't a country!? I would have thought of all people, someone with a handle like "anghyflawn" might be a bit more compassionate to the plight of the cymry... Not particularly for teams: "The Magic is doing really well this season," "The Heat is doing really well this season," (there are no non-plural NFL teams...) Band names fare better: "The Who was awesome if somewhat cheesy." "Radiohead was awesome if somewhat cheesy." ... you seriously think that .xxx will stop trick sites like lemonparty and goatse? I am gobsmacked. Doesn't this reduce our available address space? What about all the sites that currently have three different entities at their .com, .net and .org addresses? What happens to ubuntu.com and ubuntu.org, two different groups? Where we are now, getting rid of TLDs would cause immense unnecessary conflict. I don't get that from the article at all. The article mostly seems apologism for nuclear power, and neatly sidesteps how such a disaster can make large areas uninhabitable. When you're the size of Russia, losing an area like Chernobyl is barely a scratch. When you're the size of Japan, with people squished in everywhere, there is no space to lose. If you're going to abuse Wikipedia that way, you should be referring to him as Jimbo. So you're saying that despite hundreds of female acquaintances going on nightly excursions, you've never heard even one of them express exasperation or jesting concern over men in general over the course of years? Never once a comment on how men don't pick up on things, never once a comment on how men don't understand, and all possible criticisms are individual-specific? Either: a) You're just making this up. Humans are just not that invariable. I've had hundreds of casual night-out buddies of both sexes... and I would be lying if I could state any thread that ran through all of one gender, anatomical traits aside. Hell, I'd be hard pressed to find a thread that ran through even half of them, with the possible exceptions of 'likes to imbibe some form of inebriating substance' and 'speaks English' b) You state 'joking', so perhaps all general criticisms of men were considered serious statements? c) You state you don't remember , so perhaps you get so blind drunk you can't remember any conversation? "all women, always" is not that much worse than "no women, never" While content is better expressed with correct grammer, it does not automatically follow that poor grammar = no content. We can expect more articles on cooking, which is just "hacking" food? Gardening, as it's "hacking" vegetation (literally, sometimes)? Mental illness treatment advances, because it's "hacking" the psyche? Apple said 'No'. I didn't run as far as you think I did: "you've never heard even one of them express exasperation or jesting concern over men in general over the course of years". As for And from "not once do I remember anyone joking about men not being too smart" to "no women ever make any negative comments about men whatsoever"? , you're putting words in my mouth. I never said that. How do you go from a few hundred casual drinking buddies over the years to blind-drunk nightly excursions That was one of three options in my "Either" list, jokingly picking up on your "I don't remember" comment. When you're complaining of other people taking you out of context, it behooves you to take them in context. The "no woman, never" thing was referring to you saying that in your vast experience of socialising with women, you do not recall a single incidence of -foo-. In casual talk, that's making the point "no, never". 1) The story is not complete yet. 2) Things other than a simple count of short-term fatalies matter. How about we do a deal: stop deciding whether Fukishima is a good or bad thing at least until it's completely under control. We've already had the darkly amusing round where the pro-nuclear have said "See, perfectly safe, no nuclear explosion" and then there was one. Wait for the chapter to be finished before claiming win or loss. The screens get oily enough as it is... For the knee-jerk downmodders, I'd like to repeat that I'm on the fence here: Wait for the chapter to be finished before claiming win or loss . Sorry, bad terminology: release of large quantities of radioactive materials. The pro-nuclear side were talking about how safe the plant was and how there had been no release of radioactive materials - and then there was such material released. There's also the good ol' Free Speech Zones http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_speech_zone "You can say what you want, but we tell you where to say it." EDIT: That being said, the US still has a very high bar for freedom of speech. 'ip' does a hell of a lot more than just list devices. It's really worth learning how to use it. you also don't need root rights to use it for display - although ifconfig can be run as a regular user, it's not on the path by default so it usually won't show up. Business maths is not algebra. Algebra, for example, doesn't give you discounts for buying in bulk. Nonsense. It was dressed up as a tutorial to "style the content of a page to your liking", but you know something, I learned very little about styling a page to my liking in that tutorial. The game is also given away by the name of the supplied function: "Paywall smasher". The "tutorial" is the thinnest veneer of an excuse I've seen in a long time, and sits right alongside all those people who torrent scores of gigabytes of "linux isos" every month. Why does someone who wants to access the site via their iPad have to pay more than someone accessing the same content from a smart phone? I haven't looked, but I imagine it's a different, more complex app with a better workflow that takes better advantage of the ipad's capabilities. If you didn't want the app, you could just pay for the basic website and browse to it on the ipad. How does this relate to what Gaiman is talking about? How does the drawing of manga violate a child's privacy? There are no children involved, unless they're reading the manga, and the pictures aren't going to leap off the page and violate the child's physical privacy. A pity if you have your great idea if you're nowhere near your sabbatical. Momentum lost. Growing a thick skin and dealing with a curt reply allows information to flow faster. All Linus is doing here is setting the bar. Doing it in flowery everyone-wins language is more time-consuming and the longer you communicate on the web, the more you realise that frequently it's just not worth the time drain. The attitude Linus is commenting on is something he's known for railing against for a very long time. If you're trying to make a world-class product, you can't afford the time to wrap all comms with your developers in niceties - you need to define where you stand and what's expected in solid terms. Also: given his thorough explanations that go along with the chiding, I'd much rather be on a forum that has that kind of poster. Perhaps not British though? A friend of mine (Australian) works in a company with offices in the UK and US selling education/health website software. In Aus and the US, business works as expected, you go in, make your case, get an answer yes/no and you're golden. In the UK they were finding that a great many places would agree to buy and then default at the next step. They eventually learned to do the initial sell in a much more sideways manner as when confronted with 'do you want this or not?', British clients tended to just say yes to get them out of the office - even if they had zero intention of taking the product. Caused a lot of confusion until that was identified. Not really. Linus's comment was direct and to the point: your attitude does not make sense and I don't like it. And here's why my way is better:... Your comment was a passive-aggressive declation of stupidity in the other party. The two are not the same. he has passed up a valuable coaching opportunity ??? In the comment I read, he goes into detail about why it's wrong. His next comment that starts "Bullshit." goes into 500 words of coaching. He is backing up his arguments with developer-level people here, not newbie coders who are still figuring out how an array works. Control-click. Needing two hands to get a context menu is the kind of thing that makes me question the 'minimalism' of OSX. Same as needing two keys(/hands) to do 'delete to the right' At the end of the day, which comments are getting the attention? The ones with content. In the sample quotes in the article, Linux is attacking ideas and attitudes, not people. I'm thinking more about the macbook pros that I see lots of people with. Another pet peeve with apple laptops is that the physical click is only at the bottom of the trackpad - why not the top? I have large hands and it's really not anywhere near the resting place for my fingers, especially if I'm typing. So... when I help someone out and need to right click, it's not an annoyance to either alter their settings or have to use two hands? The 'single button interface' demand is silly - all it does is force people to use modifier keys to get the functionality they need. How this is different to just enabling right-click I'll never know. Ah, so it's not okay to act like Linus did, but it is okay to throw out Asperger's like it's an insult? Your morals around civility are curiously labile. For the record, Linus's behaviour is not typical of Asperger's Syndrome. That's just it. He's not being particularly hostile. He's being blunt. Go back and look at the thread. Linus isn't wading in with abuse. He's a solid part of the discussion from the start (I stopped counting his responses when I got to 7 in the first 50) and at least for those first 50 he's polite as everyone seems to demand him being. Explaining both his point about the function and about the user-doesn't-care view, repeatedly, politely - just as all the naysayers in this thread are demanding of him. Heaven forfend Linus actually show frustration at having to repeat himself again and again, like an ordinary human would! Molehill, meet mountain. My apologies. I once responded to a "hi how are you" with a one-sentence reply of how I actually was rather than the usual "I'm good". It took the guy by surprise to the extent he stopped with a quizzical look and said "you were ready for that, weren't you?". It's possible to greet someone warmly without an empty question being involved. The addresses aren't particularly human-memorable though. But yes, I agree on everything else. Another source for the pain of NAT is that it screws you if the server is limiting per-IP transactions. There's a supercheap ISP where I am that has a (cough) transparent proxy that isn't quite transparent - people on this ISP bitch constantly at being told by site X that "your IP address has reached it's allocation" when they've never visited that site before. And what about whitehat countermeasures? Finding the source IP address is so much more useful than "it came from this giant ISP... somewhere". ISP-level NATting has nothing but disaster stamped all over it. "In theory, there's no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is." I've lost count of the number of times a theorist has told me that result -foo- shouldn't be possible during application :) After you've read it - what have you really learned? I've not come across the "Theorists Favor Sophistication, Experimentalists Favor Simplicity" idiom before, and thinking about those people in my life that exhibit one or the other, I see that there's a kernel of truth there. Though the article is intended to be humourous, I've added a little bit to my understanding of the human condition by reading it. And I got a smile or two while doing so. You have a point, but it's not all as one sided as you say. If you never grubby your hands in the practical, you won't have practical limitations and insights to help you on your way. I remember a long time ago I was watching an online forum on riddles. One of the 'riddles' was how many cigarettes (read as: finite regular cylinders) can you arrange such that each one is touching each other one. I watched the thread go for three days as various theorists claim a maximum number according to mathematical theorem A or B or C. It started out with a max number of 3 and took three days of impassioned debate to work up to 6, with theories floating in and out of favour - and each one claiming to be 'the absolute ceiling limit'. I then took a matchbox down the pub and asked the same task of my drunk friends (telling them to ignore the bulbous heads/square cross-section). Within five minutes, all of them, even the utterly non-scientific ones, had found a solution for six. Most of them found it within 1-2 minutes. Drunk, untrained, undiscplined folks that actually physically played with the items beat out impassioned, educated enthusiasts. It highlighted the issue for me that theory is all well and good, but it's not useful in a vacuum. Theory and practice need each other to be efficient. Similarly I went back to visit my old university. I saw a guy there 12 years into his PhD... and still clueless about the practicalities of what he was recording. He'd spent his whole career in the theory of it and had no idea of the realities of recording his subject, something that 3-6 months in industry would have given him in spades. So no, it's not as clear cut as 'theory done cleanly in practice would win', as the real world is grubbier and has more edge cases. Theory and practice need each other for efficiency. Thinking of it another way - you don't need to test your backups... in theory... :) Incidentally, on the cigarette question, I've seen a solution for 7, but I don't know of any higher. The guy who showed the solution for 7 was also the first one to say 'this is a solution, but there may be a higher ceiling out there'. I don't care about those two either. But when administrating my office computers internally and externally, I find it helpful. Likewise when I'm working on a device that is underpowered to the point where it has to use IP addresses because it can't handle DNS, I need IP addresses. When I want to use my friend's servers for network testing, I prefer to use IP addresses rather than names. Names introduce an extra layer of complexity that makes troubleshooting more difficult at times. The world exists beyond facebook and google. You may not care about that, but I do. Absolutely - which is why I say they need each other. They need to be merged intelligently, and purists of either camp should be taken with a grain of salt. Thanks for the links! it's just asymmetric math :) It sounds more like the role was for a senior admin or architect rather than a line admin. I wouldn't beat yourself up too much about it... unless you thought you were a senior admin. Those guys do have to know and understand the nooks and crannies as well as the general processes. Forgot to mention that you also need a patient spouse. Clearly we have to outlaw chisels! (edit: to be clear: j/k - I think most of the arguments about 'information is meant/wants to be free' are pretty funny. I'm yet to have one proponent share their bank details and password with me :) This is something that's so often overlooked. If you want a stable desktop for production use, use an LTS version of ubuntu. If you want 'close to the edge', get the last version or two, they come with 18 months support. If you want to fool around on the edge, well, that's where they do crazy stuff like this. Early adopters are beta testers, always have been, always will be. backports? - Stigma (as already covered), especially if you're under 30. I knew a guy that was mostly bald by 20 - it was hell for him. - 'bald is sexy' only applies to shaved bald, not pattern baldness. Shaved bald is a very high-maintenance haircut - lack of options in how you can style your hair - warmth - scalp protection from injury - sunburn - some helmets and other headgear are not really designed for baldness (some also leave unattractive marks) - sweat control - self-identity (rockabilly fans like quiffs...) I'm tall (198cm / 6'6") and the world is not built for me. I do more damage to myself now that I'm balding than when I had hair when I hit a low doorway. I now reflexify duck a bit any time I pass through a door, even if it's 250cm high... Welcome to the wonderful world of statistics. You have identified 'outliers'. You're aware of what outliers are, but not about how they're not representative of the norm? Not to mention that those two guys are only considered sexy because they have strong charisma to begin with and have a solid body of work behind them. They are sexy in spite of being bald, not because of it. Any celebrity is an outlier. Looking at one subset of that That you recognise celebrities - subset or otherwise - as an outlier means that you shouldn't be using them to describe normal behaviour, full stop. I don't really care that you apparently choose the latter. I'm choosing not to define the world by visible outliers, and instead try and look at how the world is . I may be wrong in my conclusions, but at least I'm not starting from a known faulty premise. Anyway, what I said stands - shaved bald is sexy, not pattern baldness. The celebrities you pointed out are men who shave their heads or crop them very close. They don't keep their hair at more normal lengths or shoulder length plus. Skimming the comments, it seems a lot of people are missing a significant point - the employee is in customer service . Customer service is a dead-end job. It doesn't take long to get on top of your game, and there's really nowhere to go. Managers and marketers get new products and changing business conditions to keep them interested, developers get new tech to explore and tech debt to resolve. Customer service... is easy to master and once done there's no new fields to conquer. It's ultimately boring. Fine if you want a job to show up to and just do, but if you want to be interested in developing/advancing skills, it's not going to happen in customer service. I actually find it a little insulting that the tone of the article is a little "well, the developers can handle 'not advancing', why can't the customer support person?". The professional development tree for customer support looks like a stump. There is still only so far you can go as customer support. I wear that hat in my current company (along with a few others, including planning) and no, there really isn't much depth you can get into with devs without becoming a dev. Most devs (not all) largely disregard customer support and feedback anyway, since support doesn't 'see the big picture' (a less charitable person would say 'because support works with existing products, and we've already covered that now-boring ground' - after all, how many laments do we hear of devs that have to work on 'maintenance' rather than new prod development :). The key point is that even if you're interacting directly with the devs, you're still not really being proactive or learning concrete skills. The job is still pretty much reactive. If you're driven or feel the need to develop, there really isn't much to strive for. You're not the one that gets to figure out code, or create marketing campaigns. There's not really any ongoing feeling of " I made this!". And if you move into design/planning, that's not really support anymore. I don't mean to rag on support - they are the ditch-diggers of the IT world - but if you're driven, then it's got nothing to offer you after a fairly short while. I fail to see how that will help keep a driven, ambitious person happy as a career frontline customer support staffer. At my previous work, the head of R&D was an awful manager that couldn't light a fire under foot-dragging devs or keep things from going off-track (and software was routinely released in beta years late). But he had an amazing talent to shield his devs from the godawful CEO and other pointless distractions. This is a much unseen function of managers - shielding you from paperwork and interruptions that really aren't directly related to your job. "porn detection stick"? Most men already have one of those. Judges are supposed to be intelligent, not automata. The solution is simple: display capped votes. - 'good' results get shown for the cap, and from experience on other such sites, upvotes slow down once it hits the cap anyway - 'bad' results show as well, as someone already said, sometimes a comment needs to be downmodded to oblivion, other times it just needs that slight rebuke and you don't want to downmod more. Caps of +/-10 are enough to point out 'this comment is worthy of more attention', and will help avoid that problem where a popular opinion draws a hundred upvotes where a mere insightful opinion draws only a score. I'm a bit puzzled by the assertion that we used to believe the wind pulled the leaves from the trees. Does the wind not blow in spring and summer? Reading this thread, it's strange to see how many people assume that developers are software-only. I'm in a company that needs access to hardware for development and although we have a win/osx/lin mix of developers who can all access the hardware in their manner of choosing, there are definitely 'developer differences' between the OSs in this respect. Juggling USB numeration into a virtualbox VM can be a real pain, for example (older VirtualBox didn't even support that). tl;dr: 'developers' can sometimes need direct access to hardware, OS selection can affect that, and while VMs are awesome, they can also cause additional overhead. All these locations are fully running under OpenBSD vs OpenNX for accessing Windows Remote Desktop or Terminal services (that is needed because companies use internally developed applications running on Windows only) If they're fully OpenBSD, why do they need Windows Remote Desktop for access to internally developed software? Why are internal devs making Windows software? It doesn't seem to be a typo given the way the comment is structured. I mean, good on 'em for reducing their OS management overhead, but this just seems weird. Separate to that, out of curiosity, which brand name laptop supports OpenBSD well enough to supply Fortune 500 companies? Remember that with jazz, if you make a mistake, just play it again a couple of times and then it looks like you meant it :) gah, sorry, running on empty at the moment. I should have twigged to lenovo as I have a new laptop of theirs... but it's got a damn realtek wifi card that doesn't have stable linux drivers. that's my excuse and I'm sticking to it :) That's unethical business behaviour - it a microcosm of monopolies: buy up all the supply, then sell at a higher price than the previously going rate. It's common in business, obviously, but it's still unethical. Not to mention that in order to make money over normal practices, you have to a) find books that are being sold at less than wholesale price (~60%ish RRP), and b) find a book that no-one wants to buy at your competitor's super-cheap rate that they will buy at your more expensive one - you're going to have to be in for the long haul to do this. One of the most surprising things in US advertising for me was the pharmaceutical ads. Here in Australia, there's the disclaimers at the end spoken as quickly as possible to provide some legal defense, but really everyone understands you're an idiot if you take prescription pharmaceuticals without examining the side-effects first. In the US... the ads go for twice as long... and the second half is all disclaimer that is folded into the main ad. It's surreal. My old supervisor hated using 'Dr' for PhDs and said that the only use the honorific had for him was in getting a nicer table at a restaurant. "He didn't mention "companies that build web sites" or call anyone superior. " You need to practice reading between the lines. That's pretty much what the entire post was about. Bad idea. That doesn't help skimming for info, which is the main poster's problem - you have to read the comment before you decide to find out if it's upvoted. And once you've done that, you've already committed the time. Sound nice, but it's not practical. How does that option help the main poster? Forcing him to vote on comments (even as abstention) is just meaningless mechanism that gets in the way. I wasn't talking about the website part, hence the partial emphasis of the quote. Who said I was being defensive? I haven't started a company, but I watched my mother self-start a bookshop and publishing small business while raising me, so I'm aware of the risks. The article is basically saying that self-starters have something no-one else has, and that makes them superior. Thing is, he isn't saying "either you've run a marathon or not", but "either you've taken these amazing risks and that says something about you as a person ". Which is fine (as I said, I'm not defensive about it) but it is pretty strongly implying superiority. Given the number of "hear hear!" comments to the post, it's pretty clear that the crowd also thought so. Hell, even people who would utter something like "two types of people: either you have or haven't run a marathon/everest" are implying some form of superiority. The same as the vietnam vet who says "You weren't there, maaan!". It doesn't mean that the comment is invalid , but I'm just recognising that the article is self-congratulatory. Nonsense. I like my job, but I still prefer to get out of the building at lunch time. heh, 200 = 'small' :) I'm always surprised by people that don't see 13" screens as having a utility value - portability. I've recommended people get 13" laptops when their needs require this portability (eg: tertiary students). Those that said "no, I want a big screen!" for the e-peen value later regretted lugging a 15" screen around. Big screens are awesome... unless you're moving around a lot. Personally, I love my little 12" thinkpad :) You're missing that even if both popular + insightful get upvoted, you can still use this as a prefilter, look at the high upvote counts, and dismiss that which is mean. It's how I used the system. Right now we just get pages an pages of text with little in the way of friendly direction if you don't have time to examine all the commentry. ... you can get apple hardware without paying for OSX? If you understand English, you can write documentation. The bar is a lot higher than that. You have to understand English and understand the functions themselves. Sometimes even getting bullet-point list of functionality out of devs is like pulling teeth - leaving you with nothing to document in the first place. Similarly an understanding of why something was designed a certain way helps angle the documentation more accurately. Clean documentation is hard, and doubly so if you're not the person who wrote X module for OpenFoo. That's 65 more than I use when driving! 15 years ago, the great unwashed were barely aware that there even was an internet, and 20 years ago it was publicly unknown. Tech moves pretty fast. I'm not so sure. At my last company, we sold to four reasonably separate industries with a small amount of overlap. The four lines of products had nothing in common to look at - different shapes and styles, different colours. The marketing department liked the different colours because it made sorting the propaganda cough sorry, I mean 'info packs' easier. But the effect was that there was no commonality in the field - a user from one industry crossing into another would not recognise our equipment. For the marketing power of unified forms and colour schemes, see Apple. Colour schemes all by themselves probably aren't enough, but they are a fundamental part of 'form'. Interesting that in the ethnicity breakdown, Asians have a very different line to everyone else. The other thing about the "I learned nothing in college" mantra is that folks dismiss what they have learned if it's not directly related to earning a paycheck. Intro chemistry isn't going to help you in programming, but at least you'll better understand it when you see chemical labels on bottles. I am constantly amazed at how much basic stuff the general public does not know, with a passing familiarity with statistics probably being the greatest, deepest hole. I can't service my own car. Even if I could, I don't have the time nor the facilities to do so efficiently. But even if I had learned how to do that kind of work when I was younger, I'd be a fool to say "I didn't learn anything from it". Just because I'm not using the knowledge proactively doesn't mean that it's not knowledge, or not useful. I feel the lack of that knowledge when people start talking about motors - it's a world I don't have any purchase on, and this common knowledge would benefit me socially even though I wouldn't be proactively using it. Why does "European" typically mean the western half of Europe? Why does "American" almost always ignore all the non-USA countries on the two 'America' continents? For this particular problem, your position is hyperbole. People have been "looking up phone numbers" since the demise of "operator, put me through to -foo-". Looking up a phone number for someone is a lowest-common-denominator task; if you're capable of using a phone, you should be capable of at least a cursory search for a phone number. There is an immense difference between "can someone give me their phone number" and "I'm having troubles with mdadm picking up this array, can someone help out?" Pandering to trivial requests only encourages trivial requests. Hell, in a forum recently I responded to someone saying "you need version -foo- and you can find it here (link)". He said thanks... then three days later asked where he could find it (link was still valid). The next two comments were asking where they could find the exact thing in the link I'd given and described the parameters of. You also see the same thing in countless forums where commentor -foo- comes along, ignores the comments, and demands someone PM them with the solution. I don't have a problem with repeating stuff that's buried in the comments on page 5 or whatnot, but when it's this level of trivial crap, it is just chaff and shouldn't be encouraged. I see people being downmodded here for daring to use a little levity in comments because it's 'chaff', so why not apply the same quality restrictions for this kind of trivial question? Has this guy never seen a prison film or comic strip? Those hash marks are done 'wrong'. Nope. Sometimes regulation spurs innovation, forcing businesses to go from "business as usual" to "how do we deal with this?". Air pollution regulations in California helped drive a lot of innovation around cleaning up car exhausts, for example. Without that restriction, movement in that area would have been very slow. Just because something is legal doesn't forbid you from thinking it's cowardly or crass. Facebook are free to do distasteful things, but - and here's the important part - we are free to condemn them for doing so. Forbidding us from sharing our opinions because "hey, it's legal" is a self-defeating argument. wow, I've never seen that before - you comment through your facebook login? That's... that's just evil. No, you're not. Compared to your first-world contemporaries, the US imprisons 5-10 times as many people per capita. Far from 'just about any other place', the US is an outlier when it comes to incarceration. First world nations are all pretty much bunched in the 50-150/100k range, while the US incarcerates 750/100k (that includes kids - for just adults it's up around 1% currently incarcerated. 1%!). It's not 'utopia', but 'contemporary nations'. And it's not like it's always been like this - the US's insane level of incarceration was always a little high, but it started going way off the deep end around 1990. There's also the rape angle as discussed above. Here in Australia, there's no real mindset about rape in prisons, but when I see Americans discuss it, it's either joked about or implicitly/explicitly declared to be 'part of the prison experience' and that you somehow deserve it if you go to jail... and it seems no-one is interested in wondering if it really is justice for a person imprisoned due to carrying a small amount of personal drugs to be raped as part of their 'debt to society'. I guess it's the old 'glass houses' situation. Why do you choose to omit the second rather than the first period? If you're after conciseness, surely either is up for ommission, and the external period unambiguously means the current sentence is at an end. An internal period is ambiguous as to whether the current sentence ends or not. It's implicit in the closing quotes that you've reached a pause or end of some kind. I don't see a conflict there: He said, "I've been outside", but I don't believe him. The period within the quotes adds nothing. I had a weird experience where I was working night shift two nights a week while going to university. I was also writing for a MUD and my deadline was looming. A two week semester break occurred, and for that two weeks I lived in a strange four-hour sleep/wake cycle, broken only by my work shifts. It was really strange to spend four hours writing, say from 6am, then sleep 10-2pm, get up for another four hours, sleep 6-10pm etc. Not sustainable, but was an interesting experience to have. Gave me an insight into how screwed up shift workers can get, too. It's not surprising to see that the logo isn't amongst the list :) I use a mix of Elvis and Vim as I'm training up on vi-likes, and I'm not sure which I prefer yet. Vim has more-intuitive-to-me stuff like character-by character deleting (ie characters are removed when you delete, not when you leave Insert mode), but elvis has things like pressing = twice to reflow paragraphs. Vim may win in the end as Elvis is hard to google for... cool, thanks for that! It would be much easier to build a traditional wooden structure once you've decided that you need one. One of the problems Haiti has is that they have no more wood. Foster's in Australia is similar. Domestic Foster's is so bad that we won't drink it. Foreigners seem to think that Foster's is a good brew... and they might be right, because Export Foster's is actually a different beer. Causes no end of confusion. How undrinkable is Fosters? We had a '70s theme party once (Foster's is iconic of the 70s here) and I bought a six-pack of Fosters for the humour value (and copped some abuse, too). In the morning, every drop of alcohol in the house had been consumed, even left-overs in the back of cupboards. It was a hell of a party, with empty cans and bottle everywhere, and the punch bowl would have been bone dry were in not for fruit remnants. The six-pack of Fosters remained untouched, pristine in it's carrier in the dregs of the ice tub... Not only that, but Microsoft isn't a direct retailer, they're a wholesaler. If you have a problem with your machine, it's the responsibility of the person who sold it to you to ensure it is fit for purpose, not the upstream provider. Apple is a direct retailer. Or the 'no radio' thing in ipods. One of my colleagues is convinced that a radio got into an ipod only because Jobs got really sick at the time and some sane, brave engineer just slipped it in while no-one was looking... Actually, come to think of it, there's a distinct irony in Apple products. They hate cables, so everything is as wireless as possible... yet they don't do wireless things very well. They selected a bad telecom to launch their phone; by the time they were able to get a good vendor, they screwed the antenna; the ipods never had radio - the one 'wireless' that's been around for a century; the Airports really suck as access points... :) Well, if you buy direct from Microsoft, then yes, they need to help you with their product. The overwhelming majority of microsoft products are bought through other agents, though (I was unaware they even had retail). Really? You're likening to buying an android smartphone to customising your own whitebox and installing a nonvendor OS? This is exactly what apologism sounds like. EDIT: I'm a power user. I bought an android phone with 2.1 one on it. Total number of OS installs: zero. I've never changed the image on this phone. Total number of separate parts bought: two. I bought the phone, and later bought a microUSB cable so I could charge the phone at work as well (it would have been the same with an Apple smartphone, except that the cable would have cost more) I fail to see how buying an iPhone would have reduced my need for separate parts or reinstalling the system. Different memory types resides in different parts of the brain. Driving is a classic example - when you first start, you're trying to keep it all in your mind at once, and it's living mostly in your short term / working memory, which tends to be in your frontal lobe (bit above your eyes). The more you use a physical skill, the more it gets into your "muscle memory" and this is in effect transferring to the cerebellum, the small plum-like 'add-on' at the base of the brain (below the knobbly bit at the back of the skull). It's quite common for memory damage to spare things like 'muscle memory', partly because it lives somewhere else. Another curiosity is that vocabulary is resistant to damage - if the person can still speak (which in turn can be prevented by a huge variety of neural injury), you can get an idea of the level of their pre-event education by listening to the level of words they use. Neurology is fascinatingly complex and we've really only scratched the surface of what we can learn about the brain. It is very unlikely that you would hear anyone that worked in neurology flat-out refute any combination of symptoms. I used to work in a seizure clinic and heard of a guy that had a seizure when he saw orange circles. No other colour circle or other shape orange, just specifically orange circles. This was confirmed through EEG testing. Never heard of another case like it, but you get unique things like this reasonably often in neurology. The US and UK are both bad examples. Here in Aus we have universal healthcare and private - if you want to jump waiting lines or have carpet on the waiting room floor, pull out your wallet and go private. There are a few problems, but there is no perfect health system as there is always more demand than supply. Not to mention, after I die, nobody is going to remember me fondly for the vacations I took, so I could sit in the sun and cook my skin next to a chlorinated pool in another country. They're going to remember me for any work ethic, personality, and accomplishments I had. If that's all you think vacations are, no wonder you don't take them. My housemate is in Africa for 10 days with her mother at the moment. Another friend is going to Vietnam for two weeks shortly. Both of these ventures open the travelers up to new experiences and broaden not only their horizons, but mine by proxy. I can guarantee you that I will remember their trips to foreign lands more than I remember them spending another week in their jobs. I actually find it a little sad that you seem to think that broadening your perspective is worthless (ie: "here I am, why ever look elsewhere?") Speaking of pompous, have a look at the list of the thousand-odd World Heritage sites: http://whc.unesco.org/en/list I'd wager no-one on HN has heard of even 25% of them, let alone visited anywhere near that number. heh, given that Apple was previously directing staffers not to acknowledge it, when I read this headline all I could think of was Jobs telling a press conference "OSX now has malware. This is a new, must-have feature that will revolutionise the industry!"... That's how it used to be here in Aus, but they finally fixed the law to give vendors the right to charge a surcharge for cards. Most vendors only do 2-3% (around the actual chard, though Amex is higher) but there are a few bad apples who go a bit higher. 'music', 'art', 'war' are examples of non-esoteric terms that don't end up at philosophy. 'libertarianism' doesn't end up at philosophy either :) Though I'm noticing that even before 'mathematics', all my meme-true queries are going through 'science' also... 'philosopher' doesn't go through via the script page, but on the actual wiki it's redirected straight to 'philosphy'. Fun page, nice work. I'm just going off what the linked page gives me. music music dance art_form senses perception eastern_philosophy islamic_philosophy islamic_studies islamic_history history george_santayana madrid spain balearic_islands catalan_language (loop to spain) war war military_history (loop to war) it seems that the script in the main article isn't using the same pages we are I think your criticism would carry more weight if this news site wasn't a firehose linkdump format. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Linux_kernel_names Some interesting version names in there. I find 2.6.22-rc3 particularly intruiging... Lott is also the guy who predicted that Australia would become a lawless wild west with stricter gun laws in place after the Port Arthur massacre. He overlooked the point that we never really had guns anyway, and the laws were only restricting automatic rifles and requiring guns safes at home, and that after a one year slight rise in crime (crime is cyclic), crime has dropped markedly since that point (for reasons entirely unrelated to guns, because guns don't really factor into our society). This wouldn't be so much of a big point, except that he did spend a lot of time trumpeting about this single year of slight rise in crime. If you read his studies at the time, he also grossly misrepresents things like doing that trick where you report going from 4 to 5 incidents a year as "OMG! 25% increase!" (can't remember the exact number) Kleck is another guy with crazy stats. In one report he mentioned that concealed handguns saved 230k lives per year in the US. I crunched the numbers to see how that would translate to our 'lawless', 'gunless' country, where criminals 'have free reign', and it would mean we would have 15k deaths because we don't do concealed gun laws. Turned out that our annual murder rate from all sources combined is about 300. Part of the pro-gun propaganda is the implicit assumption that every crime involves death or rape. I've spent a lot of time looking at gun issues over the years and started out from a total anti-gun perspective, with the exception of farmers and security. As I've examined it, the problem really seems to be handguns. Rifles don't seem to be so much of an issue - anecdotally at least, it's hard to conceal a rifle. The armed Swiss that's so often reported are armed with rifles, too (interestingly the 'armed society is a polite society' people always seem to leave out west Africa...). When you start looking at the statistics in the US, it really jumps out at you how bad handguns are there. I've also never, ever, seen any pro-gun argument make note of the role of the startling increase in US incarceration have an affect on crime rates. It's an interesting topic and blinkered passion rise on all sides, that's for sure. When someone put a hammer through my car window in an attempt to steal it at 3am, the cops took about half an hour to respond - they know that the one place the criminal isn't is at the site of the crime. Do a drive-around first looking for suspicious activity, then move in. If there is no 'hot pursuit' or current danger, then it doesn't matter much whether they arrive there in half an hour or in four hours. The stuff is gone/damaged/whatever and the police won't gain much by interrupting their current task. Spree killers were part of my original total anti-gun position, but the more I looked, the more I realised they are an outlier. Port Arthur was a very large massacre with ~35 dead and made up about 10% of our annual murders, but usually spree killers comprise a much lower percentage. Legislation shouldn't be made based on the outlier case. It's even worse in the US - the high visibility spree killers would only total 100-200 per year, but there are about ~17k murders annually in the US (11k of those are with handguns). The spree killers that make the headlines are a drop in the bucket in the US, and in Australia they're actually pretty rare - separated by years, not to mention that we haven't had much in the way of such things this millenium. In short, focusing on spree killers misses the bigger picture. The sheer number of spree killers is immense in the US as compared per capita to its contemporaries, but even there it's still a drop in the bucket. --- six degrees of separation: one of my teachers at high school taught Julian Knight (Hoddle St bloke) how to shoot, in the school's army cadet programme... six degrees of embarrassment: I had been seeing a lass from Tasmania for a month or two and was making a short series of dark jokes (my MO) about the Port Arthur massacre. She waited patiently to the end of it, then let me know her aunt died there. She said it was worth waiting to see my suitably embarrassed expression... A friend in LA told me that apparently tinted side car windows are illegal there, supposedly so an approaching cop isn't blindsided by a firearm. It just seems innately odd that firearms are legal, but tinted windows aren't in case you have one... This seems like a good place to mention the Tueller drill. A melee attacker can cover 20 feet in 1.5 seconds http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tueller_Drill This being said, the US has a very high murder rate (triple its contemporaries) with the bulk of them done by handgun. It seems that it's not that easy after all to escape... ... and this is part of the problem with the gun debate on both sides - there's so much emotive argument on hypothetical situations, and very little examination of what actually happens in the world out there. One example is "if mugged, would you rather knife or gun?", but that question doesn't allow for my answer "I'd rather have better social programmes so the chances of being mugged in the first place are lower". Well, as long as the spammer vaguely regrets it later, it's okay for them to spam me! So... they didn't do the things required to make it legal, but you claim it's legal? "Acquit my client, your honour! It wouldn't have been murder if he hadn't have killed them, so he did nothing illegal!" If you don't care, why would it ever piss you off? With all your suspicion, did you bother to check out any listings on mimbeo.com? I've opened about 20 from various states and they were all listed in 2009. The site is not current. Does this mean that I've only licensed my dental work? The heavy readers in my life will look aghast if you mention that they might want to sell or archive some of their groaning bookshelves Perhaps try another kind of smartphone? There are some really nice models out there. Did you even read the article? If both laptops have wireless, why not use that? Or grab yourself a cat5 cable from somewhere and link them directly? You don't need to sneakernet between laptops unless something is broken in one. The mouse is so vital to WoW that MMO mice have progressively added more and more buttons because it's essential to have your hand on the mouse when in combat. That's not the 'mouse being vital', that's 'missing out on keystrokes' and putting a keyboard on the mouse. How is it out of scope? The article isn't presented with such tight restrictions. In response to 1), how seriously do we take opinion that claims "finding a mouse is boring, finding a keystroke is fascinating"? Make no mistake, the main article is an opinion not a study , so you're engaging in double standards to berate others for holding an opinion. whoah there - 'small talk' and 'social niceties' are two separate things. Not staring at your conversational partner as if you were a homicidal maniac is a 'social nicety'. Not walking off halfway through a sentence is a 'social nicety'. Showing some indication you're listening to what they're saying is a 'social nicety'. Getting into a time-filling general conversation about the weather is 'small talk'. The two are pretty distinct, and the dislike of small talk does not mean that the social nicety grease is discarded. I met a 70-year-old South African man living in Arizona. He mentioned one of the strange things about polite behaviour was sending 'thank you' cards. He said it was more for his generation and wasn't so much with the younger folks, but basically he was saying you would visit someone and stay with them, and it didn't matter if you thanked them profusely and gave them gifts or paid for dinners to show gratitude, you still needed to send a 'thank you' letter when you got home. If you didn't send it, the other party would usually be offended. Similarly a consultant friend of mine talks of a US colleague who worked in her office for half a year here in Aus. Just before he went back he lamented that he probably would have had a better time if he'd realised that the people being perfectly polite to him in the office probably didn't like him, and those making friendly fun of him probably liked him a lot. (to clarify, the 'thank you' note was a US thing, strange to a South African upbringing) Hey! My dad was quite tall, thank you very much! After all, Apple does have a strong tradition of altruism! There is absolutely zero reason why SE and Apple can't be swapped in your hypothetical, especially given that SE has a much smaller market share than Apple. Apple's vertical integration also cuts out things users want - do you like pornography? Lots of people do. It's very popular. Where it's illegal, there are black markets for it. But where it can, Apple puts roadblocks in the way of these users' experiences. What about iTunes being required for the iPhone? Lots of people absolutely hate it and many screeds have been written about the horror. Not exactly "optimal user experience". Hell, I like to have the browser that comes default on my operating system to do fullscreen, but no, it has been decided that for "optimal user experience" Safari will not fullscreen, so I have to download another browser... Apple is not altruistic. Apple have their game plan and are running with it for the betterment of Apple, not the general user. That's great for some people, but it doesn't mean that Apple is altruistic. Another city in Aus, perhaps? The 'huge tax on wine' is because you can get four litres of cask wine for $4 - or sometimes less. Oh, how onerous! I actually find it amusing that wine-lovers are screaming bloody murder because their preferential treatment over other alcohol types is coming to an end. Wine isn't being 'super-taxed', it's being equalised. High prices for imported items? Traditionally it was because we had a weak dollar, and prices haven't caught up to the strong dollar - but that's okay, because we can order online with ease now. Our dollar hasn't been strong for very long at all, only a couple of years. General pricing moves slowly. Ridiculous house prices I'll give you (and no politician will sign their own resignation by doing anyhting about it), but moving to another country merely to avoid those things you list? You're cutting off your nose to spite your face. If you like US culture (or wherever), then sure, move there. I know a guy that moved to Canada and won't stop raving about it. But be familiar with the culture before you jump ship - you may be suffering from 'grass is greener' syndrome. The US has plenty of problems as well; they may suit you better, they may suit you worse. SF is unusual in its love for public transport (cablecars! trains! trams! buses! trambuses! bustrams!), I don't know about Sacramento. But SF certainly isn't normal for PT in the US. The main article is talking about blacklist filtering, not content inspection of any kind. There already was blacklist filtering and has been for years - when I signed up to the very awesome Internode (2007?), in their t's and c's there was a statement saying that there was a very small number of websites that they were forbidden by law to provide (route? resolve? can't recall), all from a government blacklist, and "you really wouldn't want to know what's on these websites"(ie: child porn). Internode is one of the good guys and Simon Hackett (owner) is huge on net neutrality - he will only restrict where the law demands it. But honestly, moving overseas because of introduction of internet censorship? Why not campaign against it instead? Are there other things that disturb you here, or were you perhaps not being serious when you said you were 'seriously considering'? If freedom of speech is what interests you, the RSF places Australia as having more freedom of speech than the UK, the US, and Canada. NZ and Ireland rate higher, so you may want to emigrate to one of those, but beware that the economies of both those places might make it tough to find a job. If you're a polyglot, you've got a bit more choice: http://en.rsf.org/press-freedom-index-2010,1034.html Swinging voters are more interested in slogans than effectiveness :) No, not sure. What stuck in my mind was the particular phrase "you don't want to see what's on these [sites? groups?] anyway" and not the thing being blocked. I'm happy to be corrected here. Gender differences only become useful when you're talking about fairly sizable populations. If your company is only 50 people, the individual personalities are far stronger in effect than gender differences. In short, it doesn't matter if "gender A performs better" if a few of the members of gender A you have play vicious office politics. Individual differences swamp gender differences - the latter only come into play when populations are large. What should the copyright holder have done instead? Sent a polite note? Yes. What's wrong with starting off with a polite note? Are you really backing the plaintiff's starting demands for $150,000 per use as a reasonable request? In Australia, there's a deterrent in civil suits that a losing plaintiff pays costs for a successful defendant. Does the US have that at all? I'm not in any way experienced in law, but it seems like that would help reduce the number of fishing expeditions and barratry. And so this justifies starting out with a legal sledgehammer instead of a polite "You don't have the rights here, please stop" letter? It'd be funny if science worked the way Maisel does. "What? You repeated my groundbreaking study!? I'll sue for crushing damages! Clearly you've damaged my reputation!" ------ heh: Plaintiff Lawyers: "Right, we're suing you for personal damages of $150,000 per article printed!" Defence Lawyers: "May I remind you that our client is a scientist?" Plaintiff Lawyers: "Right, we're suing you for personal damages of $150 total and perhaps some cheap coffee" It's not guaranteed, but it's common for the judge to order costs to be paid by the losing party. I'm really not familiar wtih the details of the system, sorry. Depending on who you listen to politically, you might die kneeling! That might be a little on the difficult side for a 10-year-old to set up. I like to use start of epoch - 1970-01-01 If the context didn't give it away, the phrase "They tried all kinds of things to get them to fuck off" should have indicated that this isn't really directed at children - so the answer is "this literature". less moving parts, less overall parts, cheaper to make, looks cooler in the marketing... "By definition, almost all copyright infringement and trademark violation is transnational." By definition? By definition !? If that's the case, then as long as the bulk of pirates are in the same country as the copyright owner, then by definition , no violation has occurred. They have top men working on it. It's not his fault that the system is set up in a such a way that some random bureaucrat that's not close to the project can make a department unemployed with a wave of his hand. Aiming for the next grant is how you survive - it's not trivial for academics (or anyone) to move cities every year or so to follow where grants might land. Until there is that job security, knowing that as long as you keep working you're not going to be randomly turfed out, this phenomenon will be a fundamental part of the academic career. get published in Nature = food on the table useful to the wider community = warm fuzzy feeling Ideally you'd get both, but if it's one or the other, for most people a full belly wins. Sensationalist crap. If the costs to to the company to send a thousand text messages is a penny and they're charging $5 for it, then they're getting a 50,000% profit. You'd think that investors would be car-bombing each other for returns like that. 'Greatest ongoing con job'? Really? When the US housing con job was exposed, the world economy tumbled. SMS con job exposed... people shrug and go on. I find it somewhat ironic that on a site dedicated to "find a niche and exploit it", there comes this article screaming 'bloody murder!' about business providing a service for a price above the bare bones wholesale cost. Sending emails with 14MB attachments will make your sysadmin hunt you down with a pitchfork. " That doesn’t mean I’ll respond to all of these alternative communications either — I suspect they’ll build up quickly too. But at least it will be a nice big barrier to entry that will help to alleviate my inbox overload. " Yes, this isn't an email problem, it's a chaff problem. It's with some irony that I note the comments section has probably the most visual chaff of any I've seen apart from those gamer boards where people compete for biggest stupidly large signature. and... oh god, there's a second comments section for the facebookers, too. Yeesh. This guy rolls in chaff. It's not email's fault. Stop living in the past? Sure. The Cloud is the new fad, everyone's talking about it. We have our company email managed in the cloud. LAN bandwidth and local storage has nothing to do with the bottlenecks in this system. And? I don't understand this kind of criticism. I get into my car. The accelerator doesn't have "Press here to move more quickly" written on it. The brake doesn't have "Press here to stop". The horn doesn't have "Press me if the big light outside is green but the aluminium box with wheels in front of you is stationary" If you lower your standards to silly degrees, people will mill around that lower standard. I've seen tertiary students reach for the calculator to find out what 3 x 0.2 is, simply because they can get away with not putting in any effort. Naives that need more help should get specialised help to get them over the hump - normal users shouldn't have to deal with UX chaff just on the off chance some random person might choose one day to pick up a computer and try to learn it without asking anyone for any help. No-one learns to drive all by themselves. Or cook. Or read. Or dress themselves. Would we really want pants to come with a permanently attached set of instructions on how to wear them, just in case someone who always wore skirts might one day try pants on a whim? A UI should be constructed for a userbase, and the "have never used a computer before, ever, but am trying right now and will only do this on my own" demographic for search engines is miniscule. One wonders how such a person can get to the search engine in the first place - it's certainly not like Duck Duck Go is the default homepage for any browser. since the advent of fast internet and search engines, only for version numbers That reminds me of one naive I was helping who had serious trouble relating the 2D movements of the mouse to the 2D movements of the on-screen cursor. That relationship seems like it'd be very challenging to explain if someone's not getting it and there's no teacher available. "penetration", as I understand it, merely means the number of people who can access the internet if they so choose. For example, have a phone line through which they have access to dial-up. I don't believe it actually indicates the number of users. It's offering advice for change or improvement - it's criticism. Criticism doesn't have to be negative. I think you missed my point. But, let's refute anyway: 30.2% of the world have internet access, so it's fair to assume many have not used a computer and will not know anyone who has when they start Just like many "technically literate" westerners 15 years ago. The car analogy is poor because you are required by law to take lessons in most (all?) countries. Please, learn to understand metaphors - I was illustrating a point, not making a mathematical proof. Also, I think you mean you are required by law to pass a test, not take lessons. Certainly when I did my driver's test, they didn't grill me on the amount of time spent learning, but on how I actually drove. The search engine was the default page in the Firefox screenshot so it's safe to assume some will see it. Yes, Firefox's default homepage is a custom page that is a front-end for Google. It is not Google. UI should be constructed for a userbase, however, technically literate, westerners who have spent most of their adult life with easy access to technology, are not the only userbase or even the majority in the world. If you're honestly suggesting for a single, globally accessible webpage, you're going to run into i18n trouble long before you have to worry about alienating unmotivated users. I find this point of yours weird given that I thought I was fairly clearly indicating that I was talking about current search engine userbases, not 'all possible userbases that might ever be' And if most of the world is not technically literate, so? They're not going to become any more so because of a simple friendly sentence on a search engine that they can't get to by themselves anyway. The same thing will happen in the developing world as it did here in the west: the motivated and eager blaze the way, and the knowledge filters down to everyone else through them. Twenty years ago we didn't even have Mosaic. Everything the laypeople of the west have learned about using the internet has been learned in a mere 15 or so years. Pretty amazing especially considering that the internet itself was still figuring out what it was useful for during that time. Before the 90s, laypeople in the west had access to technology in the form of tvs, remote controls, microwaves. Anywhere there is electricity, people have access to the same kind of technology - physical buttons control functions. If there's electricity, folks will have at least a similar level of understanding as pre-internet westerners (no point in providing electricity to people who don't have lights or appliances, after all). If there's no electricity... well... computers are going to have a hard time running. Some save buttons look like a 3.5" hard drive, which you could argue that an even smaller percentage of current users has ever seen :) Don't get me wrong, I'm not against change in UIs. I am against designing specifically to cater for the lowest common denominator in general use applications if it means more chaff for the user with average skills. In Australia that's only the case on public roads. You don't require a license or a second person in the car on private land (such as a farm). There's no legal block to someone teaching themselves the art of driving on private land without input from anyone else; they'll get their license as long as they pass their test. Computers on the other hand don't have the potential to maim or kill people in the hands of a naive user. Mistakes are free of cost (well, apart from a few seconds of time). And even to use said search engine, not only must you have been able to navigate to it, you also have to have an idea of using a mouse and a keyboard. The Enter key is not necessarily obvious. Neither are the control or function keys. Should computer cases be engraved with instructions on every step of the way? Apple isn't going to like having to engrave what the option key does, just in the off chance an utter naive should choose to use one of their computers. I guess what I'm getting at here is: how low do you want the bar? Australian here too. They get this from the same place we get our ideas of Indian culture - urban myth and hearsay. Regarding slow talkers, it depends on where you come from in Aus (stereotypically rural and/or Queenslander). I travelled across the US and when I approached NYC I was eager to hear people speaking at a 'normal' rate, as I was a bit fatigued from having to slow down my rate of speech (I'm also known as 'the quiet one' among by friends). And when I got to NYC... New Yorkers still didn't speak fast enough for me. I didn't have to slow down, but it was still noticeably slower than what I was used to. As for college being unknown here until recently, maybe they mean recently compared to India? 150 years is a drop in the bucket to several thousand... Americans have a great can-do attitude and are lucky to have some of the wealthiest land in the world. These two things let them exploit their smarts very well. But bighearted? Not really. Domestic charity doesn't really stand out from the pack and foreign aid is a lesser proportion of GDP than their contemporaries. Their foreign aid is more effective than elsewhere because of the size of their economy, but as a proportion of what is earned, it's not competitive. My personal experience in the US is that the people are very welcoming and friendly, which leads me to think that Americans are bighearted to people they personally know, but not so much to strangers - eg witness the powerful currents of public opinion against welfare or universal healthcare that don't really exist in contemporary countries. I've always found Munroe's position on gender equality weird - despite what he says, he 'others' women in his main work. Female stick figures have long hair, even if the strip has nothing to do with gender. Male stick figures have no such indication. That is: 'male' is 'default'. I find your defense very strained - essentially you're saying that Munroe draws 'stick figures with hair' and it is just coincidence that male 'stick figures with hair' are indistinguishable from a normal stick figure. This is part of the 'othering' of women - "you look different to what 'normal' looks like". In any case, common male hairstyles in anglo societies still stand out from the head, as much as the non-dangling part of ponytails. Well, a couple of things here. Firstly, when the gender of a character is revealed, it's in line with what I've said. There are no long-haired males or hairless females. Secondly, long hair denoting femaleness is a cartoon trope and that's how it's used in xkcd (note my issue is not the trope itself here, but that it is used by someone who says they're passionate about equality). Using your argument, you could argue that the cartoon characters with long eyelashes and pink bows in their hair could be male, but of course in real terms that's never how they're seen. I used to teach as a graduate student. It's nothing compared to what actual teachers do. Someone else has set the syllabus and usually has set the lecture notes. There was no teaching work for me to do during my "holidays". And while I didn't mark papers at home, the other grad students who did got paid - something that salaried teachers don't get. Sure, there's a bit of a hump in getting used to standing up the front of a class, but it's only a part of what being a teacher is. The main article also neatly skips over the risk that teachers do have - excluding tertiary, they have far more job roles than they used to and get sued or abused with monotonous regularity, particularly in regards to their new-found 'nurse' role. The whole article reeks of "teaching as a profession is just being a glorified graduate student TA" when it's clearly not. It's like a bricklayer saying that there's nothing special to being an architect. The BLS data being based off the survey question "How much work did you do yesterday" and extrapolating from that, instead of something more direct like "how much work did you do last week ". Anyway, Google is loaded with heaps of research into teacher workloads, this line "if anyone has better data, I'd like to see it" is just a handwaving throwaway line. But if you really do have a problem with anecdotal data, why do things like bring up Bill Gates, who is not only an anecdotal point, but an obvious outlier at that? Don't forget either that "It gets easier as you get more experienced" happens in all professions. Those people who now find it "easy" are people with skills, and people with skills are worth more money because they do things "easily". I'd like to see someone approach any other professional and claim she should get less money now that her job comes more easily to her. Academics share and discuss findings in casual terms before formal publishing all the time. Two academics meeting over coffee aren't going to demand the rigor you get with a published article. I think it's apples and oranges to some degree - a macbook pro with a venerable operating system versus a tablet with one that's still heavily in development. Better to compare galaxy vs ipad tablets, or osx vs other unix vs windows You're saying that taxpayers should shoulder the burden of jailing this guy for 20+ years just to slake your desire for revenge? This event, while unpleasant, is not particularly heinous. He hasn't stolen their retirement funds, burned down their house, or killed their pets. Emotional damage is an issue and there should be some penance (not necessarily jail), but 'much more than 18' years? That's just blind frothing vengeance - and there's already enough wrong with the US penal system brought about by blind thirst for retribution. If you want some accounts of heinous things people do to each other, read a few accounts of what's happening in the Congo. Emotional harassment pales in comparison. In the case of a 17-year-old, are you really suggesting that this person - who has the full right to have actual sex with whoever they choose (bar perhaps a guardian) pretty much all over the developed world - that a photo of this person is just as much 'child porn' as a 10-year-old? The world is shades of grey, not the black and white you're demanding. "a serious crime" by your definition requires imprisonment of "much more than 18 years"? As for genocide in Africa, I don't know why you ignored the rest of my points in an attempt to paint my position as one of irrelevance. That doesn't invalidate what's been said here. What you quote is not in the main article. And while most probably this series that you quote involved younger minors, it doesn't actually mention their age range - and 17 is still a 'minor'. inoop was presenting an opinion based on the information in the main article and you stomped on him and effectively claimed that everything he's ever said is now suspect. How many times has it happened that an article has used weasel words to paint an unflattering picture of someone, only for a more balanced view to come out later? inoop is asking people to look at the information that was presented rather than fire off a buzzword knee-jerk response. If you have more information, then present it before judging, don't judge people on their opinions that may change with your secretly held information. Apparently HN doesn't allow me the right of reply here to either lotharbot nor tptacek. Weird. Anyway, the response is the same to both of you: I do not believe that either of you pore through every link in an article, reading all the way through before commenting. Particularly with court notes. No-one does. You're making a post-hoc defense. If not reading the court notes linked in that article before commenting is worthy of having your credibility and history derided, then my bet is that pretty much every single commenter in this whole thread is guilty of this. Also, lothar: your reference describes the picture of being of a prepubescent girl, which is different to the wired article which references a pubescent girl. From the context of inoop's comment, he's obviously going from the linked wired article and not the sub-linked court notes. edit: sorry, swapped the last two paragraphs, 'if not...' was not meant to follow on from 'also...' I have one single solitary paper that has been published in a peer reviewed journal, so my experience is present but limited. What I gained out of the peer review process was an article that had grey areas filled in and statistical methods applied better. The quality of the reviewed article was much better than the quality of the submitted article. The reviewers were reading the article with an even-handed critical eye; they weren't just looking for support for their pet opinions. There's also an aspect of criticism - criticism is expected from reviewers, but random dude A on the internet is frequently going to get something along the lines of "who are you to criticise my methods", or any request for more info declined. "Please provide more info" will work if you need to get a paper published, but won't work if you have already published your paper on scribd - where's the motivation to do rework (beyond honour of course, but scientists are human and that does not always apply) And then there's the point that popularity doesn't equal 'correct'. Here on HN I've seen time and time again that a throwaway popular comment gets upvotes, and a well-reasoned but unpopular comment gets downvotes. Peer-reviewed articles should be about scientific rigor, not visceral feeling. Consensus of the masses is orthogonal to the needs of scientific rigor. The main article describes very, very little in the way of quality assurance. I remember doing some work on an essay with a friend of mine over the phone. There was one particular sentence he came up with that was absolutely stellar. I know it was original because we were working from the same text and discussing it over the phone - I was there when he came up with it. When he got his essay back, this one sentence was circled in red with the comment "If you're going to plagiarise, be less obvious about it". He wouldn't go back and protest (he was pretty laid back) but I imagine that the rest of his essay didn't quite shine like this sentence did... Notice how popular the "Why go to college?!" conversation is now adays? 'people' cashing in 100M companies is as common a career path as "NFL Athlete". It works for a very few, special people, but not the broader population. He earned less money for trying to enforce a no cheating policy. No, his pay was increased by less than in previous years. He didn't actually earn less. Would you work twice the amount of time for less pay? He didn't work twice the time. 32 lecture hours is an indicator of the workload - he spends far more on the course than just contact hours. The problem seems systemic, he throws his hands in the air and gives up because he cannot do anything alone and is punished. He still got a pay increase. Not as much as he would have liked, but it's not exactly horrible punishment. In one aspect he's just as guilty as his cheaters - he is more concerned for the big bux at the end than in doing his job properly: "If doing things properly means I get paid less, screw that". EDIT: it's important to note that he also reports on the changed dynamic of the class, not just the dollars. That being said, it's interesting that the dollars come first. It depends, of course, if you're talking as a botanist or as a cook. It's one of those words with multiple levels of truth. Same with tomato - it's a fruit botanically, but in culinary terms it's a vegetable and definitely not a fruit. As long as you get your context right, you won't have problems communicating :) This is a classic False Dichotomy fallacy. There is a massive difference between "working for free" and "got a payrise that didn't quite meet inflation" . This tenured professor isn't complaining that he no longer draws a salary. Yes, most people won't work for free (note that there are heaps of charity workers, though, more than .01%) but it's not about "working for free" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6XAPnuFjJc Watch this video - it makes the point that money is indeed a prime motivator... until you have enough to keep you fed and housed. Then it changes - and not only is your 99.99% number meaningless, but straight out monetary rewards can reduce performance. The problem isn't that he's supporting cuts for someone in a different bracket, it's that his own reasoning has him in the bracket which he's not in. He's opposing tax laws that don't directly affect him based on the misunderstanding that they do directly affect him. I believe what he means by this is part "more money will not solve ALL your problems" (ie: it's not a panacaea) and part "if you have food and shelter, everything else is a form of luxury". If you require a car to provide food and shelter, then I don't think that what he's said is invalid. What constitutes 'best hardware'? I have a friend in high finance whose desktop is a (dual?) quad core with 12GB ram which he regularly maxes out. I have a colleague that writes firmware on windows XP, which with his various drivers and Eclipse problems causes a BSOD about once a fortnight. I keep offering him to get a new computer, cards, whatever, and he refuses because of the cost to him in terms of getting his environment set up 'just right' again - he's quite picky (at my previous workplace, a digital circuit designer on six figures didn't want to move from his PIII to a Core 2 for the same reason). Another colleague runs a quad core on an SSD and complains that his CAD program runs slow... but when we run it through its paces, it doesn't seem to hit any bottlenecks bar the initial load (which isn't his complaint); it just 'feels' slow. as with all things computery, the answer is: "it depends" "network connection required" is still an external to me. I guess also that it's going to require a wired network connection - or have they really incorporated a wifi detect-select-and-password system into the internet recovery version? While it's convenient for certain unusual situations, I'd rather have a USB stick than internet recovery, simply for speed reasons. Is that the bootloader on the disk, or a chip on the board? Way back (2000? 2001?) when I was solely a windows guy, a friend was helping me install a linux box (showeq...). I can't remember the distro he used, but I do remember starting from an old windows box and installing linux, installing the applications and so forth. Two hours into playing with the new system, my friend asked if I'd noticed how many times we'd rebooted during the installation and setup - none. We installed from scratch to a functioning system without ever rebooting. Of course, you want a reboot with any major upgrade to make sure that your system works from a cold start, but it was very cool at the time to have a working system from scratch with no reboot... ... a piece offering in the form of a flash video? The media is full of GDP-based references. Laypeople can't related to GDP, so referencing it isn't very helpful. If "We don't need them anymore", why are you "really pissed of each time I found an article.../internet does that better than they could ever do it"? "Your failed business model is not my problem." is not cheap . OSS aims for pragmatism Science aims for truth While there's a lot of overlap, there's a fundamental difference between the two, and methods to pursue pragmatism are not necessarily the right methods to pursue truth I guess I was railing more against "your failed business model", when both a) clearly it's working for them; and b) that slogan is the mantra of folks who want everything for free or peanuts. That being said, it's also uncommon to specifically use Mr. (except for male surgeons, of course) - not unknown, but uncommon. I'd have less of a problem if the article was about, say, his dog having a funny coat pattern or him complaining about parking restrictions at the local council, but it is weird that in an article about his professional conduct and capacity, that the lesser title should be used. To the folks downmodding: flash runs notoriously poorly on linux - it's far from universally accessible. Whether selected by MS or linux.com, it's strange that a more linux-friendly format wasn't chosen. Or were you downmodding the typo? HN modding is weird ... I watched this video using debian stable with flash manually installed from the official source. It played the first time, and broke the second time when I tried to show someone else. I find flash on linux "generally works", but frequently breaks in ways that doesn't happen when I use it on windows. As for "too newb to configure their browsers", why should you have to delve into browser settings just to make something like that work? What you're saying here is an explicit "this won't work unless you fiddle with your settings" - which is basically the same as "this is not natively supported", ie: it doesn't "just work". "Whether selected by MS or linux.com" I think that an issue with that method is the barrier to entry. To make a change to an OSS project, you need as little as a text editor. Code something up, try a few things, commit (and add your name to the list!). To make a change to someone else's article, all you can do is question their methods, and question them again more sternly. It's not trivial to repeat experiments with scientific rigor, but it is (generally) trivial to test out a code change or two. Another issue is experience - it takes a lot of education to get someone to the point of being able to apply scientific rigor; there's a lot of seductive pitfalls along the way. It's not really something you can be 'amateur' about. That's not really the case with a lot of OSS, where you can successfully contribute without understanding important but subtle issues. For programming reputation has a point, but for science articles, each should be judged on their own merit. Ideally you shouldn't know whose article it is that you're reviewing, or you run the risk of preferential treatment. turns out my original response was eaten by the daft HN 'unknown or expired link' thing. but in short: It seems you misunderstand me. They both require understanding, but it is easier to effect changes on an OSS project than it is to make an author go back and rewrite or retest their article. Re: the Peacock story. The student has missed some of the particular issues concerning highly specialist medical research. Frequently done with n Remember that science is about rigorously reporting what is observed. It is possible to do good science without having to slavishly demand a control group - for example, where is the control group or the null hypothesis in the field of taxonomy? The student in the anecdote does ask 'why' and I'm all for that, but I would have preferred the anecdote to answer his question rather than just leave it as a joke. I found it very disturbing that the subtext of his article was "philosophy is kind've useful, but do we really want our judiciary and administration doubting themselves?" Roscoe Howard, the former U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, argues that the system "isn't broken." The US, the "Land of the Free", has a per capita prison population that it 5-10 times greater than any of it's first-world colleagues. The system is broken. People aren't all that different, and generally want the same things. Besides, the US isn't that much freer than its first-world contemporaries. For example, although we in Australia don't have constitutionally-protected freedom of speech, the Press Freedom Index puts us as having more freedom of public speech than in the US, and both of us are well below most of the northern European states. http://en.rsf.org/press-freedom-index-2010,1034.html The word "freedom" occurs much more frequently in American political discourse, but that does not mean that Americans are automatically freer than anywhere else. I find it hard to believe that those extra freedoms that Americans do have (which most don't seem to exercise in day-to-day life) is sufficient to cause a fivefold increase in per capita prison population. Some people like to read an entertaining story. This guy is clearly combining his love of storytelling with his love of typography. I must admit that it was with some amused curiosity that the primary thing removed to make the site cleaner was "ads". That along with opening paragraphs were the two major changes in layout. It seems that the author thought that his solitary 'subscribe' button would provide enough income to support a large media organisation and make it nicely profitable - all internet commentary to the contrary. The other thing I took away was from the navigation bar. So what if it's long? If I'm a regular user , I prefer a mildly long navigation bar as long as the items stay in the same place. I can then get to the subsection I want very quickly, without having to wait for some eye-pleasing pretty animation slowly exposing the subs of some higher heading. Obviously this is a highly personal issue, but his 'prettier' version of doing this involved horizontal nested menus that take up a monstrous amount of vertical space. Most of us have widescreens (not tallscreens) on our non-mobile devices - and woe betide those folks using netbooks. I think you're right - it's a nice layout for a blog, but doesn't really suit a rapidly-changing, info-packed news site. I sit in the middle of blocking ads - I block flash, but leave images. Animations are distracting, and 'proper' advertising tends to use low levels of animation in their images (by 'proper', I mean that newspaper sites don't tend to have "you are the 1000000th visitor!" animated gifs) The worse ad culprit I ever saw was an ad on article pages that would wait on a timer that would have you about halfway through the second paragraph... then expand to cover the article text. I can't imagine what kind of fresh marketing graduate thought that that would be a winner. Also, regarding your comment on microcontent - it's often a necessity in the news world because Subeditor Bob has come up with a wacky headline that sounds witty, but out of context has nothing to do with the article. I'm all for the brief illuminating blurb. Admittedly I stopped reading the article when I got to "IV isn't a patent troll, we're simply just a big patent market connecting suppliers to consumers" No, you're not simply a 'market'. A market doesn't come and sue you for buying your milk somewhere else. It's your job because they represent you . They aren't psychic - if you don't tell them your views, they'll listen to those who do. Ultimately, pretty much every politician wants to stay in power above all else. They fear losing an election more than cozying up to special interests (for the most part). Good luck in getting the vague descriptions of symptoms that patients give into your diagnostic software. When you say this, do you think it will happen in our lifetimes? Which is due to too much domestic demand, raising prices too high. Medical tourism isn't costing surgical positions. I get that the article is against the patent process, and the downmodders don't seem to get that I was referring to IV's characterisation of itself, not npr's characterisation of IV - I thought it was clear where I was directing it due to the phrase " you're not a market". I wasn't using 'patent troll' or any of the other terminology. I was pointing out a flaw in this guy's reasoning. Yes, I had only read 500 words into a 4000 word article. I'm now about halfway through and have scanned the rest of the article... and I don't see anything that invalidates my claim above. IV is not the 'market' that it says it is. If anything, I am supporting what npr is saying. HN moderation is weird . Gender parity is more significant for medicine as there are a great many patients who have trouble working with a doctor of a particular gender. It's not always same-gender pref either - I know of two women who prefer male gynaecologists because they're less rough when examining. Given the importance of medicine to leading a happy life, it's important to get as much information out of patients as possible - so it's in the interest of the industry to make sure that the client-facing staff have plenty of both genders. It's much less important in programming as users and programmers rarely interact. Was Firefox written mostly by men or by women? It doesn't matter to me as I don't interact with them in order to use the service Firefox offers. I don't buy that argument - why aren't many of the other short comments in this page getting the same treatment when they're not adding to the discussion either? If nothing else, it takes a while for wet towels to get mildew. I, too, think it is that particular phrase, and I disagree with the sentiment of downmodding this kind of admission instead of actual content. I've seen this elsewhere - if someone says they're being sarcastic, they're downmodded to hell... but people in the same thread saying the same thing in the same sarcastic manner, but without the admission, are left alone. I find this inconsistency annoying - it appears that downmod-friendly HNers are more interested in making a pretense to politeness than actually moderating content. It only takes a single dissenter and your words are already diminished on the page. Game theory makes the mistake of assuming its the only variable. Another reason for clustering is the congregations of similar stores attract more business. Think of a shopping centre. Now take one of the clothes stores and stick it on a suburban street. It's generally going to do less well by itself because you have to know about it before you go - you have to decide to go to that shop, rather than just show up and see what's on offer, as it were. Perhaps a better example: I'm about to go to Vietnam. Hoi An is "the city with all the tailors". Everyone says "spend a couple of days in Hoi An and get lots of clothes made up". Now, there are tailors all throughout Vietnam of course, but they cluster in Hoi An - and tourists specifically wait until they get there to purchase clothes. While that is true, if you have equidistant from you two locations, one with one station, and one with four, then all other things being equal, you're going to go to the location with four stations - more price competition, less likelihood of queueing and the like. I remember seeing one attendant using binoculars to check out the prices of the station down the road from them. I also remember a radio station's competition where the petrol station that sold fuel at the lowest price won the competition. In the final hours of the competition, there were two or three stations selling petrol at 1c/litre... and they lost to the station that was paying customers 1c/litre... It was about 10 years ago, I can't really remember. Something like $10-20k? Maybe 50? It wasn't outrageous, but it was enough to get a lot of petrol stations competing for it. So instead of killing them altogether, give them a limited lifespan - 5 or 7 years. Poe's law: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poe%27s_law A tip for you: I work in support, and weasel words are the substance of our being. You tell the customer "Do A, B, and C, and that should get you up and running". They don't really hear the 'should', but it needs to be there because computers are fickle and anything can go wrong. In short, I guess I'm saying I'm a bit more practised at recognising weasel words for what they are - and in this situation, it's not really an "anything bad is possible from here"; the worst has happened. This is the point in support where you start giving the client the concrete steps that will be taken to solve their issue. " again telling her " is the weasel words I'm referring to here. You've already told her this, and she claims that after saying this, all help evaporated - it's the cornerstone of her complaint, and you're announcing Round 2 of the same thing . This is a PR disaster for your company: it is not the time to engage in weasel words. Whether or not you plan on following through, you should sound like you absolutely will. Of course, you should follow through - if something like this happened in my company, the CEO would be absolutely roasting us for not following through and taking measures into his own hands, both because he's an honourable bloke, and because it's a giant PR issue. jcunningham above points out other weaselly things. Again, whether or not you're giving her concrete messages about what kind of help you're offering her, you should also be announcing these publicly. "We are reimbursing costs of -foo-", "We are organising temporary accommodation of her own", "We are doing this and this to help the police", "We've assigned John Doe to manage her case and will be in contact this often". Be concrete, not hand-wavy. The guy you're replying to gave five ideas for supporting her, and the response is a wishy-washy "we'll be there for her" - which is the kind of empty promise you hear drunk 20-year-olds tell each other before they sleep with each other's best friends. I don't necessarily think all the things the GP said are right, but using weasel words in this situation is a path to PR failure in my opinion. EDIT: the reason why I wrote all the above is that I read your comment and felt angry because it sounded like another fobbing off, more promises that are not going to be upheld (as the first round was allegedly not). I do not think I'm going to be unusual in this. 1) Does not have to involve taking on the whole burden, but it does have to involve drawing a line in the sand. "If this happens, we will do these steps" - steps might be provide proof that they've submitted information to the police (though privacy prevents the actual information, of course), provide case workers in serious cases like this that are familiar with social services in the area, and in this particular case, an admission that they've really dropped the ball, that they will go further in this case because they dropped the ball and didn't follow through, and add something about 'but in future the policy will be more realistic'. They can do something without doing everything (of course finalising any such policy needs legal eagles and fine tooth combs...). The author's problem seems not to be that airbnb was faceless, but that offers of assistance were only to secure good internet commentary. partly, technically, yes. Remove the "again" from the quoted bit if you prefer. It is still Round 2 of saying "we'll be there for you", and Round 1 failed once they got what they came for. The best comment I heard on that slogan was from a businessman whose name I unfortunately forgot. It went along the lines of "The customer in not always right, that's nonsense. The customer does have a right to be heard ." People come in a wide variety of personalities. That being said, it's also a little unfair to use it as a standard reference point, given that it's a small city-state which also happens to be the best-placed trading port in the world. Singapore is an outlier - when you can take the cream off an inordinate amount of trade pouring past, you don't need as much income tax. I'm not sure what you're on about, because there's no party representing the left either. The US Democrats are a fair way to the right of the conservative party here in Australia, yet in my discussions with americans there are a great many people who would be considered left-wing here in Aus. There appears to be no choice for the left in the US, so how "the left better understanding the working class" would change things, I'm not sure. I have just come back from a trip to Vietnam in which I visited homes in the Mekong delta. We're talking about a place where half the homes are made of palm, there's no running water at all, and the people are dirt poor. I've seen some of these palm shacks with large-screen TVs - older CRT types, admittedly, but it drove home the point that "big screen TV" is no longer a sign of opulence. Similarly, the people aren't starving, but that doesn't not mean that they aren't poor - if "electronic gadgets and absence of famine" is all you need to define as "not poor", I disagree with you. The other thing is that social skills can be learned... just like tech skills can be learned. No-one is born understanding Lisp, but you can learn to use it by applying effort . For techies, effort in learning a tech skill is "fun", so they forget that they had to work for it. But yes, all skills have to be learned. In Germany there is a big misconception of the internet. There are few politicians anywhere who do understand the internet. An armed society is a polite society Go check out sub-Saharan Africa, and see if that aphorism holds. If you can think of more than just guns, Switzerland is a counter-example because of its politics - instead of the OP's suggested "Japan should just join in the next war, it's necessary to save it's society", Switzerland has pursued a long policy of neutral politics. It doesn't "simply join in on wars on whatever side looks stronger". It specifically avoids doing so. This is patent nonsense. Every society has its day in the sun, military or not, and then collapses. The US is doing this as we speak - despite having the most powerful military the world has ever known, and almost spending more on its military than the rest of the world combined. It's been far from peaceful in the timeframe that Europe and Japan have been (several official wars, quite a number of unofficial ones). Far from renouncing war, the US both pursues and idolises it. And yet, despite it's magnificent military geographic isolationism, monster GDP and supreme military, its economy is tumbling - the exact opposite of what you're saying about a country that pursues military excellence. Then there's all sorts of peaceful native societies that did fine for hundreds to thousands of years before the colonial nations came, with no implosion. Your statement reads far more like you had a predetermined conclusion and decided to simply shoehorn your observations into it. On the other hand, I'm wondering if you're just trolling - "studied a lot of history" and then saying "exceedingly good relations with China" combined with "japan remilitarises". I don't think you've read enough history there... 'exceptions to any saying'? What I'm pointing out is that it's not the guns that make the society polite. Sub-saharan africa is a vast conglomeration of countries and tribal societies, bigger than the US and Europe combined, and there you are calling it an 'exception'. And nice job dodging someone trying to help you be less 'baffled'. Yes, they are good business partners (and from your link, it appears that China's favourite nation ever is San Marino - a nation of 30k landlocked by Italy). If Japan remilitarised they would be a credible threat to China and it would be difficult to maintain 'exceedingly good relations'. If Japan remilitarises, the question of any military is "who are our credible threats?", and the answer is "China, predominantly, then Korea". So Japanese remilitarisation would necessarily focus on countering China. The fact it could also fight in Korea would add tension to China's pawn in North Korea. and more presidents to be former servicemen too? I don't have numbers for congress, but do for presidents. In the last two presidential elections, 50% of the candidates have been former active servicemen. In one case, the serviceman was defeated by a former National Guardsman, the incumbent who had initiated two wars while in office. This same former active servicemen suffered a significant PR loss due to a character assassination campaign where his wounds in action were deemed "not heavy enough to earn a medal, the guy's a fake". I'm not sure how your highly selective example of 'decreasing militarism' is satisfied here. Remember that before WWII, the US had a small military. Since WWII it's been kept large and expanded - the cold war, for example, was brought to an end by the US out-producing it's opponent - and the world is constantly reminded that the US has an army and actively uses it, anywhere, any time. The US is a much more military-oriented society than it's colleagues. What you're doing is taking the wide outlier (the US) and then saying "it's not highly militarised - see it's not increasing ", despite the point that it's already way out there. You raise a good point, and I have commented in other forums on the strangeness of the US currently fighting large distant wars with a peacetime economy, which is very expensive. But if that's the case, isn't the argument then an oxymoron? Total war is a total realignment of society - the society is necessarily broken down and forged afresh. Engaging in total war 'to save a society' necessarily changes that society, often quite profoundly. The total war of WWII made massive social changes when comparing pre- and post-war societies (two big ones were end of colonialism and rising equality of women in developed nations). The society you get at the end of total war is different from the one you may have been trying to preserve. You claim to have 'studied lots of history' and then claim that the UK 'bailed out the appeasement nations'!? That Russia 'bailed out' the pacifist nations (whatever they were in Europe at the time) The UK is known as the appeasement nation. 'I hold in my hand a piece of paper' are the immortal words. When someone says 'appeasement', Chamberlain is the guy who comes to mind. Russia didn't get a choice to bail anyone out - they were invaded, and through dint of favourable geography and stubborn nationalism, they prevailed. Russia and the UK were both hastily militarising at the end of the '30s in response to rising German militarisation. And in counter to your earlier idea that in order to be more 'military' a society, you have to have more upper-class people in the military: you claim that Russia was a militant nation at that time, despite the Great Purge removing a solid chunk of the officer corps, including most of the top brass. Keep in mind that even Russia's allies at the start of WWII considered them a backwater military, unsuited for playing with the 'big boys'. Honestly, your comments read more as if you're just finding ways to support your predetermined conclusions than incorporating things you should have learned from studying lots of history. Out of curiousity, who do you frame as an 'appeasement/pacifist' nation in the WWII timeframe? Is it just a jab at the early French surrender, you know, the French who weren't pacifist, but were heavily investing in military defense, just the wrong way? Or is it a jab at (I'll give you these for free) Denmark and Norway, neither of which could stand up to the German military machine, even if they were highly militarised? Surely you're not thinking of Poland, which had a strong-but-outdated military? Certainly not Czechoslovakia - that country had been left to the wolves by the countries you claim 'bailed them out'? Sweden and Switzerland were both pacificst... but didn't need bailing out. Perhaps you mean Benelux... but again, you're talking about small countries being steamrollered by a powerful military using never-before-seen tactics (paratroopers and armored spearheads) which was subsequently able to bring a world power to its knees in only a couple of months? And despite all this, the US was not highly militarised in the period before WWII, when isolationist politics had led to a reduction in the size of the military. All three nations you report had small or underdeveloped armies (two did have very large navies, but it wasn't the navy that defeated Nazi Germany) in the lead-up to WWII. When you say you've 'studied lots of history', are you actually delving into the actual events and reading about them, or are you just pulling from 'an interest in the populist zeitgeist mythology'? Yes, there are no easy answers, but that doesn't mean you should skip the reading requirements... I once had a lecturer who asked us which particular school of thought on -foo- we were - to which we responded that we were pragmatists - if it works, it works. He denounced us as boring. On the simplification of roman script, I've just travelled through Vietnam, and learned that Ho Chi Minh did a similar thing to Ataturk - he mandated that Vietnamese be written in Roman script (as set down by a Portuguese bloke several centuries ago) and not in the traditional Chinese script. His reasoning was that the easier it is to learn, the better for the general population. I can't say what Vietnam looked like before the change, but certainly today there's writing blazed over everything in the cities - and there's very little in the way of images or pictographs to indicate what a shop might sell to an illiterate (I may have been unaware of other indicators). They do make prodigious use of diacritics to adapt Roman script to Vietnamese, though. It was while puzzling over these diacritics that I finally realised that English uses (needs?) these as well, we just don't write them down - wind (moving air) and wind (make a coil) are pronounced differently, but without diacritics, someone has to tell you how to do so. I think the analogy is flawed, but for a different reason - if you're given the wrong dish in a restaraunt, you can't correct it in less than two seconds. I would rather have a search that corrected typos and aimed for the best result which I could rapidly correct than a search which slavishly returned "No results for 'hgihway', did you mean 'highway'?" (as a simple example). Or 'impact' when they mean 'affect', though sadly the battle is lost on that one... duck.net is owned by a squatter. I'm able to easily type in a second word when I search. In the case of Java, I'm able to get the language, island, or coffee on the first search in google - for this 'princely' cost of searching correctly in the first place, I don't have to do the (apparently wonderful) ddg process: 1) visually skip the sizable disambiguation list 2) parse the main results, find they don't match (DDG is all about java language just like google on 'java') 3) go back and parse the disambiguation list 4) click the category to expand 5) parse the newly expanded list 6) click the relevant entry 7) wait for a new search 8) parse the main results again I mean, seriously, a second word in your search is hardly cognitively onerous. Are we really so spoiled as to demand perfect results on short, ambigiuous topics? I found it easier to grasp vi's 'command mode' versus 'edit mode' when I realised that most other text edits use a modifying key (ctrl+, alt+) to indicate to the editor that you want to run a command rather than enter text. Command mode in vi is kind've like a Caps Lock, but for commands. "lock" goes on (enter command mode) and you're running commands. "lock" goes off (enter edit mode) and you're entering text. I realise it's not quite the right way to look at it, but it helped put a big piece of the puzzle in place. Tablets of that form factor predate the iPad, but used a stylus rather than a touchscreen. The iPad was an evolution, not a revolution (technologically, certainly has been a business revolution) EDIT: from 2008 - the Electrovaya Scribbler 4000 looks very similar to the ipad... two years before the iPad's release: http://sondreb.com/blog/post/showdown-of-slate-tablet-pcs.as... If you're going down that path, it's not a democracy, but a meritocracy. The opinion of a noted PhD in the field is markedly more weighty than the opinion of an unrelated bachelor. The basis of modern science is rigorous observation, not "courage to use your own understanding". This quoted trait is happily exhibit by the religiose - "my own understanding is that God did it, and I don't care how", a profoundly unscientific statement. Science proliferated under the Enlightenment, but it's refined its goals and methods since then. A grid of icons with text underneath has been with us since the start of WIMP interfaces, and every OS that has a GUI has displayed this. Comparing it to the static image of a highly-stylised corporate logo is utter nonsense. Yeah, awesome. He gets revenge on a fairly standard sales competitor by stomping on the little person. Ha ha, Osborne acted like a person with vision by being condescending, what an asshole, but Jobs, acting like a person of vision, was inspired and lively! So what if he shat on a secretary! This anecdote is just another flavour of "The winners get to write the histories". That's one thing that seems to be missing in general, is the appreciation that while Jobs is a pretty awesome person and has engendered a powerful culture at Apple, it takes more than one person to come up with quality goods at that scale. Perhaps in the fantasy in our heads. But in real life, pirates are desperate people, usually repeatedly risking their lives in order to stay alive. In comparison, all the people I know in the navy absolutely love it - they like the life, they absolutely love the travelling from port to port, cameraderie, high tech playtoys, so on and so forth. If you want to retire and live a 'middle-class' life, sure. But what if you want to buy and run a sports team? Or foster special technical projects under your own steam? Or back a charitable foundation for the progress of -foo-? Or build a mansion with a long heated driveway... and be able to run it? &c I put 'middle class' in quotes for a reason. I thought it was obvious it meant the lifestyle of buying your home and making sure your needs are met, but not doing anything particularly unusual or entrepreneurial. Honestly, given the context of the comment, what did you think I meant? None of the Thinkpads that I have on hand (x30, T41 tablet, X201, Z61m, covers ~ 10 years) exhibit that feature, so it's not something "thinkpad does". The difference with the Apple logo is that it is usually illuminated - rather than mere branding that you have to look for, it actually pulls your eye and works as an advertisement due to the difference in illuminance. Ironically, you're exhibiting the exact behaviour I'm talking about - thinking tightly in the box. "I have a lot of money. At last I can buy a very nice home, have no debts, set up large trust funds for my kids/friends/whatever, maybe buy a yacht and scoot around in it" is what I mean by 'middle-class', aka 'living the way I always dreamed' kind of stuff. "I have a lot of money. I'm going to buy an NBA team and run it, and also fund a charitable organisation to eradicate malaria in Cambodia. Then I'm going to give patronage to an art school" is not. I wouldn't call it preternatural - they've had a few flops which have seemingly been conveniently forgotten by people. Give the man his due, but let's not imply that he's some sort of force of nature. Microsoft? Enterprise software. They still own this area HP Excellent quality servers and network hardware. It's hard for that to be sexy because it doesn't have a touchscreen, but just because the masses don't know about it doesn't mean that they're an also-ran. Dell Perfected mass-marketing of PCs, bringing computing costs waaaay down for everyone. Lenovo Meh, they bought IBM's line of laptops only a few years ago. I notice that you studiously avoided the "so, what has IBM invented that's significant?" Samsung Dunno, I'm sure someone will come up with something. Sony Yeah, Sony have never pushed the envelope with things like the Playstation. Combined with Microsoft's Xbox, these guys have pretty much created a massive market where previously there was none. Not to mention the bunch of other stuff that the multi-tentacled Sony has done. The cell networks I was unaware that we were looking to service providers to change the way we use computers. The reason why people denigrate Apple is because Apple fans invite it. They keep on about the company like it's something amazingly special and everyone else is somehow daft for choosing something else. I've seen this referred to as "the Apple Smug Field". You've done it here by saying (or strongly implying) "Apple is awesome, what have those other guys done? NOTHING!", which, of course, is monumentally self-centred and irritating. Please don't make snide comments and then complain when others reply in kind. Figuring out the precise centroid of a 'blob' has been around for at least 20 years - this calculation was used in optical research to determine where the centroid of the pupil was in video taken of someone's eyes. To suggest that this kind of algorithm is something special and new that Apple invented for the iPhone is just plain insulting. Given the context of the general argument involving Apple 'creating' versus 'expanding', your semantics are a good point. the PS and XBox massively expanded a nascent market - but there were also innovations like the development of online profiles and the like. In my home state of Victoria (Australia) we have gone from 1001 road fatalities in 1970 to just over 300 per year, with a doubling of the state's population to around 4-4.5 million. I knew someone involved in a sizable study looking at what factors had the biggest effects over time. There were plenty of small factors around certain safety requirements/developments or traffic control, but there were only two big factors: mandatory seat belts and extremely graphic advertisments, aka the TAC ads. The TAC ads basically showed you what accidents look like in real life, and what you look like after an accident. None of this soft touch crap - the state next door ran an anti-speeding campaign where they had people extending their little finger at speeding drivers (as in 'little dick syndrome'). Absolutely laughable and the folks who are the bulk of the problem - young men - ignore crap like that. But when you see an advert that has someone's head going through a windshield in slo-mo, or a motorcycle rider coming off his bike crotch-first into an oncoming van, or a hospital scene with a bloke in traction, it helps dissolve the 'it won't happen to me' mindset. Not altogether, but it's no longer conveniently put out of mind. I'm at work so I can't find some youtubes to demonstrate, but the ads are usually surprisingly 'real'. Needless to say, the ads are usually quite shocking to people exposed to them for the first time. I didn't realise the TAC ads had come through to you blokes - the times I've visited I've only seen ads like the pinky ones. I stand corrected. The pinky ads are still stupid, though - as if the problematic young blokes are going to respond to that :) I didn't read the study I mentioned, just had it related to me by one of the folks involved. You raise a good point, perhaps it may have been hard to determine that very gradual change of opinions of drunk driving as being a large factor - certainly seat belts and the introduction of the TAC ads produced significantly improved road toll numbers in a short period of time, hence are more easily noted. Thanks, I didn't realise they had a montage... gets a bit hectic there in the middle. I've never understood how Alexa stats are considered relevant. No-one I know - from the savviest sysadmin who only browses in lynx to the most malware-infested bloated-PC user - has ever used Alexa toolbar. I once installed it a long time ago on some random machine just to look at it and uninstalled it again. How is their traffic 'representative'? How do you explain it without any common experience? Well, that introduces a further problem - if you have no common experience... how do you communicate with them at all? To some degree, to get ahead in business you must personally present as clean. This would carry over somewhat into your personal life - it's hard to be wearing thousand dollar suits to work while living in a rat's nest, I guess. Personally, I like clutter. Random toys people give you, buildup of projects and jobs and whatnot. It personalises a place. I understand the appeal of not caring about items - I don't particularly care about most of my clutter - but minimalism is so... sterile. Walk into a minimalist's house and there's nothing really there of their personality, nothing particularly different from any other minimalist's house. I don't have a problem with other people living that way, but for me, it's just so sterile and sometimes even feels unwelcoming. EDIT: I wonder if part of your rich/poor thing is that the rich have the opportunity to move around a lot for both business and pleasure and so can get a variety of memories and backdrops, whereas the poor see the same thing day in day out, and so personalisation of spaces (or making them more varied) is more important to them? But if you have to work verbally only, and can never point to something to say "this is -foo-", how do you communicate? It doesn't really matter that we live in the same universe - how the hell do we say "Hey, you know DNA?" when we can't even make an arbitrary point. The article is saying that we can't communicate things about constellations or other simple-yet-arbitrary points, but that we can happily communicate about things we can't even sense ourselves (who knows about the aliens senses?). Sure, we can verbally define what a Volt is, but the words we use to make that definition require common experience at some point to make sense. Remember that the rosetta stone was so useful because it provided a reference point to help decode a previously incomprehensible language. In order to communicate with someone, you must have a common experience somewhere. I'm working from the original article's demands, which deny diagrams or being able to point at something: And imagine, moreover, that you had to do so in a purely verbal manner, that is, without drawing pictures or pointing at things or otherwise making gestures. With diagrams or pointing, showing what left and right mean becomes trivial. On the knee-jerk reaction thing, it's more pointing out that it's a matter of moving the goalposts as mentioned below. It's making an arbitrary line of what can be communicated I agree with you that the incomprehensible alien form is pointless, but as soon as we have a common frame of reference, we can drill down to defining right and left. All you need is four points: Point A is 'up', Point B is 'down', put your viewing position so that Point C is between you and the line AB. With A being 'up', Point D is on the left side of the line AB. Whether you use stars, a mountainside, a tree, galaxies, or jellyfish, that's all you need - but you still need a common point to refer to. I think a better way of phrasing the problem would be: You have a communications conduit to a parallel universe and we only have the ability to speak through it. The alien understands us but has no prior concept of right and left. We can't point or refer to bodies in our universe as they can't see them, but apart from that, all physical rules are the same and they have the same level of science knowledge as us. How do we tell them right from left in this instance? We can get the concept across with left- and right-handed molecules (though DNA may be out as they may not have it), but how to indicate which is left and right in verbiage only, I'm not sure. Phrased this way, you don't have to do silly logical twists to have the alien living in our universe yet still somehow preventing them from seeing the same things we do. I think you missed my reference to your specific point. "No-one I know - from the savviest sysadmin who only browses in lynx to the most malware-infested bloated-PC user - has ever used Alexa toolbar." I'm one of "those guys" who everyone comes to in order to get their shitty computer fixed for free. I've seen a lot of "normal users". I do not think that Alexa users are a representative sample based on what I've seen. Steam is a content delivery system. It does not prevent me from adminning my own computer or 'sideloading' other programs. It doesn't tell me that I don't need -foo-, only to tell me that I do need -foo- once it's implemented there. It doesn't force me to use certain hardware. Steam doesn't even dictate what major consumer OS I should use. Steam is a content delivery system, and apart from license control for the content that I purchase through it (and only that), Steam does not mandate my user experience to behave in any particular way. There isn't much of a wall around the Steam garden. Literally every single question you ask about the Finder can be answered by simply clicking on the UI element you are wondering and observing what happens. You and I have different definitions of the word 'literally'. He has a number of questions for things that aren't apparent on the gui ("How do I create folders? How do I delete things?" etc) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miller_Columns Some people swear by Miller columns for efficiency and are lost at sea without them. It's entirely a personal preference - if you don't like it, click on one of the other available layouts in the finder. I find it strange that this didactic "You don't need that feature" seems to be considered a valid argument in the OSX camp. I tried hard to move my win7 user directories off C: on my home box - this requires the use of ntfs 'junction points', apparently. I managed to get it working smoothly, with one glaring problem - I couldn't hide the junction point from the filesystem view. The junction point looked like any other file, and refused to be hidden (they're supposed to be), meaning that it was possible for them to be accidentally moved by an errant command - which would then lose the connection to the user dirs and screw up the system. So close and yet so far... Colour coding the ticket is not trivial - current monochrome printing is easy with thermals. Ever run a colour printer in an office? It's a nightmare to manage just in an of itself. Then there's a lot of investement in creating a system that works across all models of planes. It's doable, but it's not trivial. Then on top of that is the issue that despite all this, a lot of people ignore what's on the tickets anyway and board when they feel like - the boarding crew are not going to tell someone to go back against the surging crowd and wait their turn. I've been on four international flights before and I followed the "people in this block, board now" - and when I entered, pretty much every time I passed by an uncalled block, it was at least a quarter full. People aren't disinterested particles. Given also that planes are sitting around doing things both before and frequently after passengers have boarded (or waiting for the late passenger...), I don't think a straight-out claim that 10 minutes shaved off boarding times is a direct 10 minutes shaved off turnaround times (not that the article claims this, just being wary of it) The video shows an "aisle management" technique, but it isn't a "boarding" technique, as the latter task is much more than wandering down the aisle. My company creates a device the size of an iphone, and we've never left one in a bar, whether a stock production unit, or a super-secret, heavily-NDA'd, jackbooted-police-summoning prototype. Your link shows a photo of the location, which has a man sitting at a bar and a bartender. When you go to their website http://www.cava22sf.com/ there is a big ad for "Happy Hour" This is hardly "very sensational". As skeletonjelly points out, this question is basically a total furphy. Nope, but the point of my comment was really the bits in italics - because they're in italics - and not the fact my company makes stuff. stock production refers to the point that most Apple employees will not be using prototypes out of the office the jackbooted bit refers to this happening before and Apple would have been thought to have been using a lot more care this time around The italicised bit was not 'my company makes stuff'. I find it weird that I have to point this out. The guy spends a lot of time comparing populations. The US has five times the population the UK does of English-speaking monoglots - perhaps they want stronger ties with polyglot developers? In any case, cell phones require real-world field testing. There's only so much care you can put into it without crippling the tests. Create a paired bluetooth device (or whatever), one half is a tiny attachment that goes on the prototype, the other is attached to a buzzer on your keychain or somesuch. Out of range or only at half power? Off goes the buzzer: "Hey, I forgot something!". For a company as secretive, innovative, and wealthy as Apple, this kind of 'prototype protection' in the field is easily answered. I'm curious as to why the downmodders think this is a bad idea. Why would it fail, what are the shortcomings? Or is it just revenge modding? It's good for netbooks. That being said, I've got 11.04 running unity on the mother of all netbooks, the original eeePC 7". I click on the application finder and it is too large to show the search box on-screen - there's no intelligence; instead of showing one line of icons and the search box, it shows the stock two lines and kicks the search box offscreen. I have unity on a VM on a 1920x1200 screen as well. Here I have a lot of screen-estate... and the interface is too small, really. On such a large screen, when I want to interact with it, it's too much out of the way. So, in my experience, unity isn't for large or small screens. A while back Ubuntu had a media release where they said they were simplifying the UI for use by normal folks, and that yes, if you're a power user, Ubuntu may not appeal to you in future, and that you'll probably want a different distro. The bit I find bizarre is that they've stripped out a lot of small-but-very-useful sysadmin tools. I hate having to troubleshoot on my 11.04 VM as it invariably means having to apt-get install some random tiny cli tool that most distros include, including older ubuntu. I've spent about four years as a medical tech working with epilepsy in a neurology lab. Sorry, but this just gets up my nose. Please stop using 'flashing images' as a way to co-opt epileptics into defense of the issue-of-the-day (that's the only thing I can think of as to why you included it). Yes, some epileptics do respond to flashing images (~15% have the kind required, less actually respond), but the parameters are pretty tight for the bulk of them. The kind of flashing that can trigger a seizure is also monumentally irritating to regular users, and generally hasn't been used since the 90s. I spent four years in a full-time job where I sat in the dark flashing lights at epileptic and suspected epileptic patients, 4-6 times a day while recording EEG, so I've got a reasonable subjective feel for the kind of flashing that fires it off. I've spent a lot of time on the web, too, and the only thing that even comes close in general use are the flashing-style 'you are the 999999th visitor' ads, and even then they usually subtend too small an arc of the visual field. For the record, the usual range for photosensitive epileptics to respond to flashing images or lights is 12-20Hz, with a peak different for each patient and with some rolloff at each end. Above 25Hz epileptic responses are extremely rare - I've not personally seen one, but they do exist. Yes, there are some epileptics that can have a seizure from a single camera flash, and I've seen them, but they're reasonably rare amongst flash-responsive epileptics (themselves an uncommon group). I've also heard of an epileptic whose trigger was orange circles - not orange other shapes, or other coloured circles ( anything can be a trigger for a seizure). At what point do you set the bar for rarity? Sorry, but it gets up my nose - almost every time I've seen someone 'defend epileptics' online, they don't actually know much about epilepsy, and seem more to be using common mythology about epilepsy in order to co-opt the illness to strengthen a point being made. Of course, two other common forms of trigger, depending on the kind of epilepsy, are stress and hyperventilation (strictly speaking, these are less triggers and more threshold-to-event reducers). In this case, one could argue that frustrating site design works against epileptics... The difference in your example is effort - it costs to increase accessibility for people with disabilities, whether it's spending more time on web development or installing a ramp at a building. It's less cost not to do that. Not allowing blacks/jews/gays is about admittance policies that don't cost, unless they require some sort of infrastructure to be created for them. It would be good to hear from a UK web designer as to opportunity cost, as accessibility is a legal requirement for .uk sites, if I recall correctly. I imagine if everyone's doing it, it's cheaper from the outset as the pool of web talent is trained in the issue. My guess is that even if 44% is 'all iOS' and android matches only to 35% of that, the remaining '9%' of iOS devices plus all OSX installs are dwarfed by the remainder of all (non-android) linux installs, which I think was the original point. Out of curiosity, I wonder what OS Apple's embedded devices use, such as the wifi access points? It's fair to say that I overreacted a little, but I did admit it (via 'sorry, gets up my nose'...) What I was really reacting against was if you search hard enough any site will breach some accessibility guideline for a ... epileptic user . The other three, sure. But I just do not come across any kind of website offering a service that violates these principles. You could throw a brick and find any website that violates guidelines for people with blindness or mental illness. You'd have to search for specific audio-based sites to find ones that discriminate against deaf folks (I can't see how HN does so, for example, but I may be missing something). But you'd have to go through a lot of service-offering sites to find a serious one that caused problems for epileptics. The only kind of violation of these principles I could think of is a bug anyway - the issue where a mouseover changes the shape of a menu, moving it out from under the pointer, reverting the menu back to original shape, repeat ad infinitum. Apart from that, I just don't see websites that cause problems. Served ads on some low class websites, perhaps (999999!), but not the content that the website itself is providing. Solutions for epileptics to use poorly designed sites (if they were a real problem like they are for the blind) are here anyway - [Esc] in pretty much every browser cancels image animation. Flashblock kills flash dead, allowing you to throttle it to your needs. If you're really, really susceptible to simple movement as an epileptic (I've never heard of it, but it could happen, I guess - see the orange circle guy), you can install noscript, which breaks a lot of websites, but kills non-image animation dead. But if you're that susceptible, you're extremely rare and the web probably shouldn't be designed around your use case. It seems you have an uphill battle to fight if mentioning epilepsy and accessibility in one sentence gets up your nose. Please read my comment again. It's not 'mentioning them in the same sentence', that's a strawman. This is nonsense. It's buying into the Apple mythology. Having supplied Dells at a previous company, yes, they stock parts for several years. They're reasonable PCs for the price point, but the build quality isn't great. At least with a dell you have the option of servicing it yourself - I've got half an office of mac users here who aren't too keen with the lead times on Genius Bar servicing. They all (well, mostly all) love Apple gear, but their stories about getting service are actually pretty mundane. I say this as someone who grew tired of building my own desktops years ago, speccing out parts (and trying to find linux drivers for them during my linux years), and have gone more mobile. Building your own PC these days is nothing like it used to be. Buy mobo+cpu+ram, buy gpu if you're a gamer, done. Everything pretty much just works together, not like the old days. Pretty much everything is on the mobo. Linux supports almost everything these days, too - almost gone are the days when you had to chime in with 'ah, but does it support linux?' Would I pay a 'premium' price for a Lenovo? I would. I love their laptops. They take a licking and keep on ticking. Unfortunately the dream run came to an end recently - I bought an x201 and the screen is absolutely woeful. The viewing angle is so narrow that I can't watch a movie without some of the blacks being wrong, despite sitting square in front of the screen. It's not so bad with non-blacks, but with the light bleed and visual angle issues... ugh... I guess the story is that service in most places kinda sucks. The mac guys in my office report losing their laptops - their business machines - for several weeks for what should be simple repairs (hard drive replacement and the like), with no replacement offered. There was a study on laptop repairs done a year ago or so, reported on Slashdot, that said the repair rate was the same for Dell and Apple, both of which were the middle of the pack. The best laptops in terms of repair rate were Asus, Toshiba, and one other I can't remember - I don't think it was Lenovo. I can't recall who was the tailender for that study, either, sorry. I can also say that while Toshiba make nice laptops, when you need support you really need a crowbar to get them to help you if you're out of warranty - they won't even talk to you (even "Where can I find a link to a manual" simple stuff) until you pony up money beforehand. At least that was the case ~5 years ago or so in Aus. Nope, that's not laptops - it was specifically a laptop study. The slashdot story may have been representing this article, but I honestly can't recall http://www.engadget.com/2009/11/17/laptop-reliability-survey... I used to work on a medical technician team of five as the only male. We had to replace one of the women who left, so put out an ad. We all went through the resumes, and there were two with the techincal skills, both female. Everyone agreed on getting in those two. There was a third candidate who didn't have the proper tech skills, but he did have 'has appeared as a model on TV on this show and that show'. He was given an interview based on this line - my colleagues wanted to see the eye-candy, even though they denied it - there were women with better skill matches than this guy (though only the initial two had the right matches out of all). This guy got dragged into a job interview solely so the women could check him out physically; he was never going to get the job. A friend of mine went to linux.conf.au and went along to one of the 'women in open source' conferences. At the start of the conference, the presenter was talking about how insidious sexism is in the tech industry and what an uphill battle it is to fight against it. She asked for the women in the room to raise their hands if they feel they've encountered sexism holding them back in their careers. My friend raised her hand - and in horror, the presenter recognised her as the woman she'd assumed was someone's partner back at the registration desk and tried to get to sign the partner's program (=daily things to do while your techy partner is doing the conference). Yes, the female anti-sexism speaker had herself assumed a female delegate was merely a hanger-on, solely because of her gender. It's both "ha ha" funny and disturbing funny, that sexism is so ingrained that someone who should absolutely know better still fell prey to it. Absolutely, there is a major difference between 'ask Google' and 'ask a mentor'. I don't get a lot of chance to code, but I do enjoy scripting. Google is fantastic at answering questions when I know what it is I want to do. But it's terrible at preventing bad habits. "But this guy on this website said do -foo- and it works perfectly!", to which my mentor says "yuk yuk yuk yuk. do not do that. It does not scale. It relies on -bar-. And most importantly, it's revealed that you do not understand the concepts behind why you are doing -foo- and what it is you actually want to achieve". I'm extremely fortunate in that I have access to a very good mentor who loves chewing the tech fat with me and genuinely loves sharing tech info with anyone at any level. I don't take enough time to take advantage of him, but I recognise that it's really rare to have someone who is both highly skilled, a good teacher, and motivated. Google is great for the things that google is great at. But it does not take the place of a good mentor. I've read code sample after code sample and made a script do -foo-, but my mentor has picked up some subtely as to why I should be doing -bar- instead. To some extent, it's reflected in the "RTFM" ideology. Man pages are great... if you already know what you're doing. If you're new to a concept, they vary from 'great' to 'fucking abysmal', as they take all sorts of knowledge for granted. Telling someone "just go learn from the documentation" is slightly evil, in my opinion. Yes, absolutely, there must be a culture where you go for the documentation early and often, but guidance and direction from experts is extremely important. To be fair, directly after the snippet you quoted, he had written "that they want you to build". er... hasn't the US just gained first to file? British English uses a hell of a lot of implicit meanings, though this is declining with the rise of both modern soundbite politics forcing public discourse to be more literal, which also combines with public discourse being less implicit to benefit a more multicultural society. Nuance takes a long time to learn, and it's easy to take things the wrong way if you don't have heavy experience with it. I don't speak Vietnamese, so can't comment directly with that, but I can relate to my experiences in watching public Australian English simplify massively over the past 20 years or so. The wider public take a lot of cues from the media. Soundbite journalism be damned. It's difficult to come up with examples off the cuff, because, you know, it's implied. hrm a classic example of implied (but not really) is cockney rhyming slang ... but really it's about reading between the lines. I can recall the point when I realised that the 'old way' of implied speech was dead in public discourse with this article http://blogs.smh.com.au/thedailytruth/archives/2006/11/dirty... It's not going to make a lot of sense out of context. In context, it was an article that came out when a superstar athlete in swimming, a national hero, announced his retirement, and the media pundits were basically of the opinion that he was somehow being a traitor to Australia. This article is lampooning the slavering media, not the athlete. To someone brought up with classic Australian English (similar in nuance to British), it's blisteringly obvious what this article is getting at by halfway through the second sentence. As in, 'it's not worth pointing out' obvious. I thought the article was tedious and waaaaay too long, but the premise was funny. What was scary was that only about 10% of the people commenting understood what the article was about - the rest completely missed the point, thinking that this was another article calling the athlete a traitor, and rushing to his defense. The article was actually saying "leave the athlete alone, damn the media are reactionary idiots". Like I said, you'll read it now and it'll probably seem more obvious out of context. Examples are kind of hard to come up with off the cuff, so what other examples... When we first started watching 30 Rock, we were fairly puzzled and joked that "surely this doesn't have American writers" due to the high amount of innuendo and unpsoken communication in it; jokes that are woven into discourse without having to be focused on and made obvious. Compare to the more frequent style of US TV, my classic example of a Friends episode where the joke is "Books are so expensive, if only there was a place you could borrow them, and give them back when you're finished!", which gets a dirty look from character B. Joke made, move on. Nope, character B has to say "There is, it's called a library". That kind of punchline being eviscerated from a joke and laid out on a plate is anaethema to British comedy. I also find it more difficult to speak in metaphor with an American audience, who usually take a much more literal interpretation of what's being said (of course, it varies considerably among Americans - New Englanders seem to understand this kind of speech much more easily). I do agree that British English speakers are more reticent, but in something of a different way. I spent three months going coast to coast in the US and one thing I loved about it was that Americans just talk to strangers in a way you don't get in other English-speaking countries. Random people walking in the same direction or on the same public bus would just start talking and you'd end up with a good conversation out of it. That rarely happens here. I've probably waffled on enough at this point (I'm a little drunk), so perhaps best leave it there :) NOTE: I hate the way HN expires internal links. What, am I going to maliciously link to this reply page? Just because the above took a while to write in this little box shouldn't mean I should run the risk of having to lose a comment I spent some time on. Luckily this time I had it in pageback, but I've lost other comments on other browsers. The point of proscribing pondered (perhaps ponderous?) positations is perfectly puzzling, I put forth. Pshaw! It's sad that the word 'iconic' now means 'full of icons'... From that link, it's clear that pg likes inequality because otherwise it's 'taking money from the rich and giving it to the poor, which adversely affects VC' But the main article talks about 30 years where money has been taken from the poor and given to the rich - that is, everyone has not increased together, and the poorest have lost ground. This article doesn't really answer that. I'd bet that eating food that can't be heated in a microwave is probably more healthy for you. Cooking vegetables in a microwave is one of the best ways to keep nutrition locked in. That's not quite fair either - adding to the complexity of pc purchases is the dizzying array of weekly specials. It's entirely normal for a vendor to mark stuff down from week to week. That was a lovely piece of spin-doctoring, breaking down the argument into small atomic parts to neatly excise the 'whole is greater than the sum of the parts' essence. Also, "everybody does it" is not a defence for shady ethics or illegal activity. Weird, he does LEGO in capitals like the company wants, but still uses an S to make it plural. Also, his numbers seem to be off, both for years and number of missions. Didn't the US essentially nullify bankruptcy laws towards Bush's second term? As in, you can declare bankruptcy, but it doesn't clear your debts? Cheers, thanks for the info. I'm curious as to how this policy affects someone like me - the jack of all trades. I'm the guy who comes into a place wearing one hat, and for better or worse, ends up wearing four or more different hats in sometimes quite diverse positions. It's hard to figure out what salary I "should" get on the market because my position doesn't exist on the market. Canonical have always said that they're aiming for a general user product, not power or niche users. There really isn't a distro for that kind of user at the moment, but there are plenty for power users. Remember when every person and their peer believed that the earth was flat and it was the center of the universe? This is simply not true. It was a popular position at one stage, but it wasn't "everyone thought it so". Also, your scientific process does not allow for fields such as taxonomy or anatomy - you don't construct a hypothesis nor test it in fields like this. Science is about rigorous observation . Peer-review provides a strong part of that rigor. In fact, 60 percent of all scientific studies done have been wrong. 84% of all statistics are pulled from thin air. You suffer from selection bias. You'll believe any source, no matter how tenuous, when it detracts, but refuse to believe one that supports, citing some kind of nebulous conspiracy. You're behaving in a profoundly unscientific manner. If evolution were false, then pretty much all of biology is suddenly very difficult to explain. There are plenty of areas of biology that would survive evolution being 'cancelled'. Biology encompasses a lot more than heredity. Heredity is a very important section of biology, but you're moving the goalposts here - claiming biology is 'pretty much' totally dependent on evolution when it's not. None of them try to make a profit, therefor they are non-profit. This is outright willful ignorance. There are plenty of religious organisations whose purpose is to line the leaders' pockets with money. Then you conflate 'religious organisation' with 'religion', which are two separate things. Yes, "Christianity" is nominally a "non-profit religion", but there are plenty of christian religious organisations that have fleeced their flock. Again, you're conflating things. "No more discounts for you, but please avail yourself of our regular services" is not some jackbooted thug forcing you to close. It's an end to favourable special treatment, not an increased burden of restrictions. You're engaging in a textbook No True Scotsman fallacy. Please note that we are talking about religious organisations here, not religions (the latter of which we can argue about until the cows come home) I heard a couple of priests-cum-public-atheists on the radio, saying that when they did their doctorates in divinity, where you learn a hell of a lot more of the history and politics of christianity, the running joke was "if you still believe in a god after learning all that, it just shows you weren't listening" Saying that someone is not charitable because they give out food AND preach is a huge value judgement. That's a strawman. It's not saying they're not a charitable organisation, it's saying they're not an organisation whose sole purpose is charity. Is it really a charity when the recipients don't necessarily want what you're giving them? Nonsense. It's about the loss of functionality, not the point that there's a simplified UI available. When the machine I built had a power supply failure, I had to go fucking replace it. I was free to use whatever power supply I wanted, but I wasn't free to use my damn computer for the four days I waited for my new component. vs When my iMac had a buzzing noise, they replaced it in the store in under an hour. So "sitting on my arse doing nothing, I had to wait four days for a replacement" versus "I physically took my machine to the Apple store and they gave me a replacement at the same time". These are purposefully selective anecdotes. With your first repair, you yourself could have gone to a store - just like you did with the iMac, only not having to carry the damn thing - and got a power supply in five minutes, taken it back to the office, and had it installed and back up in half an hour. Computer stores and power supplies are as common as muck - unless your desktop PC is really weird, you'll find something suitable by simply throwing a brick. Total time spent in process for each 'go to shop' scenario? Less than an hour plus travel time. And with the non-imac one, you don't even have to ferry the computer around. All in all, a pretty similar experience. Unless of course your anecdote is even less fair and the 'four day wait' was for a server part. It's insulting to the people who work really fucking hard and take great pride in the (not so) small impact they leave on the world. People who work hard and take pride in the (not so) small impact they leave can still be doing a bad thing, even though they're full of good intentions. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stolen_Generations (This link is just a strong example, I'm not trying to draw a parallel) The "anti-freedom" charges, the locking out of certain features, you get the same stuff on any platform. Just try to publish an app that abuses the Android logo in any Android market. Really? "Android isn't free because you can't 'abuse' the brand's logo"? That's the best counter-example you could come up with? The tin foil hat crowd might have some grand fears, but it's groundless ... Worry about the government and let the market take care of everything else. Um... it's not really irony if you do it intentionally... Well, technically, yes, but then technically every social consideration is a value judgement. Besides, preaching is advertising. It's designed to increase the numbers of the parent organisation of the charity. Other things that are charity aren't designed to do this. Giving clothes to someone isn't designed to increase the numbers of the parent org. Most people consider "strings attached" charity to be not pure charity. Not to say it's uncharitable, but that it's not 100%. Pardon me, did I say that? I was responding to the absolutist phrase " None of them". Stop putting words in my mouth. Please, tell me anywhere in my comment you responded to where I made any mention or judgement of other kinds of non-profits, particularly "big" ones. That "one specific group" was the "one specific group" the prior comment was picking up on from it's parent. Did you bother to read the two comments before mine to get the context of my comment, or did you just see it and attack it out of the blue? Would you like to have another try? From what I glean from your comment, you equate Google's protection of it's name and the fact that one version of the OS hasn't been open-sourced to the iron-fisted grip of Apple and their control. (by the way, if you want android source, here you go, courtesy of the folk who "don't open source their OS" http://source.android.com/source/downloading.html ) Control of branding is a stupid argument to base "is this free" on. Hell, even Debian, the freeest operating system ever, amicably forked firefox to iceweasel - the only difference being the name and artwork. Firefox is totally free for you to do anything with at all... except for the branding. It's to protect themselves from someone turning it into malware and distributing it under the official name. Branding is a stupid thing to claim as the be-all and end-all of whether something is 'free'. Hell, even the BSD license that allows you to do anything with the code, sell it, free it up, throw it against the wall, even this extremely free licenses has branding requirements - Neither the name of the nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. . And even then, Android does allow you to modify the logo. You can have the logo in a police uniform (see android police) or on a skateboard (see cyanogenmod). You just can't put a derogatory version on the android market. How very onerous - clearly those are stifling conditions for developers to work under! Compare to Apple who won't even give permission to use the word 'free' with their products (as in, they won't help you if you run a competition to win a 'free' ipad). As for "yeah, totally open" - it seems to me that there's a ton of people modding android code because they can, but on the Apple side of things, where is the opened source... at all? Why have you set a much, much higher bar for openness for one product but not the other? But just be cognizant of the tradeoffs and their costs without making value judgements about those who make different tradeoffs, both as consumers and as producers. I agree about the consumers bit - what's good for me may not be good for you - but don't agree about the producers. We should be able to raise constructive criticism if we see a producer as damaging - and I think the exhortation to 'leave them alone, they work hard' isn't right. Also: On the repair front, how long would you have been waiting for Apple to come to your office and replace the faulty part? :) "buy into their own bullshit"? You're putting words into the author's mouth. What has the author said about intuition? That it is unsuitable for answering scientific questions. The author hasn't said it's bad for decision-making, nor that it has no place in generating questions. Just that it is poor for providing rigorous answers The author doesn't write it off: "Gut-feelings and common sense are not enough; they may get us somewhere, but not always to the truth." You're taking one sentence out of context of the entire article. He's talking about being a source of scientific information - it's pretty clear if you read the article as a whole. Scientific reporting also benefits greatly from use of the passive voice. "I can' let you do that, Dave" There are plenty of times to use "I" at the start of a sentence. Told by my boss "we're out of power converters", it's natural and correct to simply say/write "I will get some at Toshi station on the way in". Trying to find a sentence to say the same thing without starting with "I" is unnecessarily torturous. I imagine you're right, that the Amish aren't particularly interested in online music services, but I remember reading an article that pointed out that the Amish aren't really anti-technology per se, they're anti-labour-saving devices. The ethos is apparently to work hard and with your hands, and they have no qualms in letting people with physical issues use tech; the example given in the article was a farmer who had arthritis and whose sons had moved out, who was permitted to use a tractor in order to keep his farm going. High-percentage positive reviews, how I deal with them: Read the negative reviews. Your answer is there. Positive reviews generally tell you very little about the product that the product page doesn't already tell you. Negative reviews are much more informative. If the negative reviews are only written by mouthbreathers who naysay anything, you know you've probably got a good product. If your negative reviews start picking up on issues, especially if they agree, you've got a good indication of the stumbling blocks. I've always found negative reviews a lot more informative about the quality (rather than utility) of a product. This ain't no feel-good charity here. If you're taking the hardline "business is business" angle, then he should be held to his earlier promise as a business. Then there's irony afoot - because by 'giving up freedom', they're gaining more freedom to do what they want to do. Couching this in terms of freedom is the wrong way to think about the issue, methinks - it detracts from the real issue. Freedom in the US is a very politically charged word - as an outsider visiting the US, I could hear a capital F in the word almost every time I heard it in public. Americans do not pay $89, they pay $89 + tax. Any time you see a price for Americans, remember that they do not include tax in their final prices. The equivalent here for you is the import duties. Your comparison is still apt, but the apples-to-apples comparator is $89 to $119 (I'd exclude shipping too - international shipping is harder to get nicer deals on than domestic shipping) In real terms, in the modern day, Americans are no freer than their contemporaries. They're a bit freer here and a bit less free there, but there's a lot of equivalence in the limitations of what you can do, both legally and culturally. I certainly found when I visited the US for a while that there was nothing I felt I was freer to do legally (tourists don't really get to 'bear arms'), but plenty I couldn't do culturally - ironically mostly about speaking freely in public. I imagine an American visiting Australia would feel similar cultural restrictions, but again, no particular activity they're used to would be forbidden them legally. I guess it just irritates when you run into those particular folks who define themselves as 'free' and making you out to be 'not free' by comparison. And yet...we put up with it. Because there isn't a better option. vs this is needless (from the article) doesn't really gel. If it's actually needless , then you know a better way of doing it - so publish it! The problem with Unix is that it doesn't have a concept of a user. Nope. It doesn't have a concept of a naive user. Table saws also don't have a concept of a naive user, but people don't bitch about folks trying to use a table saw without having to learn how first. I assume you mean in terms of the interaction with the software itself (rather than say, pleasure from social media being the conversations rather than the software) and there's one type of software that's specifically about enjoying the interaction: games. I guess you're not a gamer? You've already received a few answers here, but one that seems to have been missed: Use something other than ubuntu. Although there may be others out there, I'm unaware of any other distro that disables root. Complaining about disabling root is an ubuntu-specific complaint - it doesn't apply to linux in general, let alone unix. Also, if you don't like using passwords, copy-ssh-id is your friend. As for apache, I don't play with it much so I can't comment there. It certainly scares me :) "Bad: Firefox 4 instead of the up-to-date Firefox 7!" Official releases: - Ubuntu 11.04: 28 April 2011 - Firefox 5: 21 June 2011 - Firefox 7: 27 September 2011 (5 days ago) Yes, that's a valid criticism: I used a 6-month-old official installer and didn't get last month's software without doing any form of update whatsoever! Clearly a failing of ubuntu! If you give it longer than 7 minutes, Ubuntu will prompt you to update - not just firefox, but a whole range of things. Firefox is just another part of the system, and doesn't really have any reason to update RIGHT NOW! as opposed to once a day when the usual updates come through. In any case, if you're the kind of person that knows what actual features you will gain from FF7 over FF4 (other than just "sweet, a higher numbah"), you're a power user and should know better than to make the complaint he did - you should be able to do the extremely mild googling required on your new, unfamiliar OS to make it happen. On another tangent, this kind of comment in the article is one of the big problems with FF deciding to do away with minor numbers and make every release a major number. "But FF 4.0 is so old, we're up to 7.0 now!! Bad!!" when it was the current release a mere 103 days ago. He certainly sounds unorthodox - serving puree of pig hearts casseroled in wine to his baby. Who are these people that go to 132 different android app markets to find a free version of the software they see on google's market for $0.99? Are they really the kind of demographic you need to worry about?