It also assumes all bots are intending malice. Some advertisers automatically trigger videos on sites so they can review/categorize the content (see if it's porn). They do that with the intent of making ad purchases, so it's actually desirable bot traffic. But then you'd be able to reduce things down to a relatively short writing curriculum. Many university courses involve writing, but they are not primarily designed to improve students writing. Some universities force students who are behind in writing to take courses to catch up before they can even enroll in the normal liberal arts classes. You have to be decent at writing before they'll even let you read Foucalt. Things seem extremely nice in go when you start out in go and see "go get", but then you'll quickly ram into not wanting the latest master, and then get extremely puzzled about how to do library dependencies. I wish I saw some sort of consensus on library dependencies in that thread. Too much of our work build relies on setup scripts. I have to disagree with the definition: "A recommendation engine is a feature (not a product) that filters items by predicting how a user might rate them." The feature bit is correct, but the rating bit might not be. People very often give high ratings to things they are not interested in. People may highly rate jewelry that they cannot afford, or give a five star rating to a movies considered classics, that they don't actually want to view. What you are trying to optimize is ultimately purchasing, continued subscription, ad views, or some other profit metric. That can be hard to directly measure, so something like ratings can be a stand in, but you may accidentally optimize for something deeply undesirable like recommending expensive jewelry to everyone that they will never buy. Business owners would love if there were some exam which accurately informed them about who to hire, and there has been no shortage of attempts to create such a thing. The problem is, most of the characteristics needed seem to be things we don't understand, or don't know how to quantify. Greatly complicating things is the fact that you often don't need to know anything in particular to succeed. There is no shortage of people who learned on the job and became successful. Filtering out such people with an exam may badly damage your hiring. It's clearly not true that female lead characters don't exist. What seems to be the issue for this girl is that they don't exist in games she actually wants to play. I'd note that she complains about games where the protagonist has no identifiable gender, or is an animal. That's often done quite intentionally to dodge try to dodge this problem. Our coworkers suffer, but so do the people I know who work in completely different industries. I have no idea how the tech industry compares to other industries in terms of treatment of women. What I can say for certain is that we do not have the amazing complaints of cocaine fueled parties filled with hookers that seem to regularly emerge from the world of finance. I'd be curious if the content of these posts is genuinely worse than the things they say to each other with boring old human speech. Just because the awful-ness isn't normally shouted into a megaphone, doesn't mean it's not there. My high school shortened the lunch break because of how horrible the girls were being to each-other when they had free time. Not effective of course. Reputable + April Fools joke = ? While I'm sure there is some truth to this, you do run into the problem that people don't want to admit the mundane reasons they do things sometimes. People join armies all the time because they need a job, but if you ask I'm sure many of them will tell you it's due to a more personal reason or nationalistic pride. That's not confined to the military of course. It seems almost rude to admit you do your job to get a pay check in many occupations. Interacting with a compiler sounds horrible. Think of the questions it might need to ask: "Hey! I could use AVX2 instructions here, after I inline a bunch of stuff and eliminate some dead code, but it requires doing a bunch of memory copying. Is that a good idea?". How would you answer a question like that? And then, since optimizations are target dependent, you would need to go through this exercise for each target. Sounds fun. But consider, for it to be worth asking, it's got to be something that's very difficult to infer, or the compiler wouldn't need to ask. That means it will probably be difficult for you to infer as well. In practice, you might have to profile all possible options, which would quickly turn into a major project if you're asked more than a handful of questions. And, of course, even if you can figure it out, that alignment annotation you just made is only optimal on the one target. Even on x86 it will depend on what instructions are available. This seems to make the false premise that you need computers to make decisions algorithmicly. If someone writes out a set of hard rules as to who can apply for a welfare program, the result will be the same if a human or machine makes the determination. Long before computers existed, people complained about "rigid bureaucracy", which is effectively a complaint that government or business employees stuck to a process (an algorithm) that had some problems. Github users are tied to social interaction, job hiring, integration with multiple version control systems, and a pile of other crap, including systems not part of the website itself. Hacker News users are pretty much just tied to posts and comments on the site. The only piece of data that seems in common is that they both have user names. There is no reason user data should be similar across different systems. Products are generally unique, or they don't have much value. That means the data tied to a user is often also unique. Porting unix applications that used select/poll/epoll in a performant way was a common enough problem that they added WSAPoll to make things easier: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/wndp/archive/2006/10/26/wsapoll.aspx The biggest abstraction headache is usually nonblocking file IO and DNS lookups, as many OSes don't have any support. You have to have a thread pool fallback. Imagine you're the kernel, and you get notified that some new data is available on a connection. The basic operations you have to do are: 1) Figure out the associated file descriptor (hashmap lookup perhaps) 2) Copy the new data to the socket's buffer 3) Wake up any threads waiting to read from the socket, or polling with a read interest Obviously, that ignores a lot of protocol work, but that's the general idea. There isn't any need to loop over all of the open sockets. You're just describing behaviors that seem strange or unusual and then asserting that they are somehow not computation. It doesn't matter what happens inside the brain. If it's governed by normal physics (no divine magic), there will be some computer program equivalent to it. We know that's true, even though we don't know how the brain works. Actually, the internet is dominated by binary. The wire formats are binary, and a huge hunk of all bandwidth is being eaten up by binary formats: video, bittorrent, voice, JPG images, etc. Sure, HTML, CSS and JS are "text", but it's usually optimized, compressed text, and pretty soon we'll be shipping that around in HTTP2. People optimize what matters. Look at the HTML source for this page. It's mostly user content. More efficient packaging for the HTML structure wouldn't make a measurable difference in load time. Companies are often eating the cost of training employees without admitting to it. Pick some company at random, look around, and there will often be piles of people who have no official training or certifications to speak of, and no relevant degree, but who are perfectly competent at their jobs. Somehow, magic happened, and they were trained, despite no training money in the budget. A lot of it is just done semi-officially. The boss points at some guy he trusts and tells him to fill them in, and lower productivity is accepted for some period. Taxi driver feels abused by having to work 7 days a week for taxi service to make ends meet. Switches to Uber and describes it as "more of the same". Hard to see how Uber ruined everything if it was apparently already ruined. I was also confused by that until I changed my perspective. Watch the marker inside the circle. It starts pointing left. Half way around the inner coin it's pointing left again. At the end it's pointing left once more. That requires two rotations. The curve its graphing confuses things. This is probably not a correctable problem. People don't start businesses if they think the competition is highly competitive and intelligent. They start a business of they perceive a weakness in the market, or believe they have a unique capacity to succeed. Probably stating the obvious here, but the reason they stopped the practice was because people did such studies. If bloodletting worked on any common injuries or illnesses, we'd still be using it for those cases. Even then, we'd probably have tried to find medication that produced the same benefit to try to avoid the infection risks. The usual problem with this kind of thing is actually events. The modifications may, or may not, add elements that need listeners attached to them. It looks like as this is now, after any update you'd have to query all such elements and see if they need a listener attached. React has its own "Event System" to try to deal with that issue. Sort of. You'd have to listen at the top level of wherever you're using this, so you'll have to write your own mini event library to figure out which component got clicked on, and grab any associated data. Go to an ad company and see how many people are running an ad blocker. It was essentially 100% when I was working for one. The exception was a guy doing testing on the live web. It's not really a contradiction. You're just like a drug dealer who knows better than using the product yourself. Does not actually seem to contain an explanation as to why the rich love burning man. Does contain a rant about Marc Zuckerburg's education ideas for 3 paragraphs, and another rant about how Andrew Carnegie's donations "trickled up from his workers’ backs", and a number of other barely stitched together ideas. Money chosen twice. Yep. I live in a county that openly opposed bart expansion. The only way to get a big transit expansion is if the state or federal government forces it over local opposition. This suggests improving the ratio, but honestly, if the rate is genuinely 99% good and 1% bad, then the truth may be that you're at a point where you won't notice improvements. Say we make a huge effort and halve the rate of such harassment. That's a change from 99% good to 99.5% good. Will you notice the difference? Maybe, but it's likely you won't. You're still guaranteed to have bad experiences at regular intervals if you go to tech events. American bureaucracies have a bizarre obsession with them. My school issued student IDs with unique numbers, which should have been the end of all such issues. Unfortunately, they made a bizarre system where US students had their student ID be their SSN with a fixed prefix, and international students got a random number with other prefixes. They refused to give up on using SSN even when they knew it wouldn't work for a good portion of students. Heaven forbid someone just add an SSN to student ID lookup table to the database. It depends on the context. If someone is openly hostile in a public setting, then no. They're probably an asshole. If they mock religion in private, or on Facebook or some other stupid thing, whatever. A lot of people have negative feelings about some religions or political groups, but most of us manage to be polite and professional when we go outside. The immigrants all have their own baggage as well. It's not a unidirectional problem. We could be as welcoming as possible, and still have different groups separate themselves. Humans show empathy for all kinds of things: animate, inanimate, and even purely imaginary. Leap years run into a similar issue that the ratio of days to years is changing as well. Our current algorithm will eventually be off. No one cares because the people doing time standards will be long dead. And arguably the situation is similar for leap seconds as well. No one cares because of how far out substantial drift is. By the time it adds up to an hour, people will be used to it, or just shift their timezones (which happens all the time). They don't seem to be doing that. They brag like crazy on most of the terrorism related arrests they make. "Deproliferation" is impossible. It's not like banning guns. It's like banning the idea of how a gun works from ever being communicated, burning every book that contains the concept, erasing it from all electronic records, and strictly monitoring anyone with chemistry or metallurgy knowledge. All you need to write an encryption program is an explanation of the concept behind a single algorithm, someone with math smarts, and almost any computer. Assuming they have to walk anywhere. People have tried rigging games like this by sending thousands of letters to the address to request entry. The value of something with no buyers is zero. Go try to sell an idea, by itself. You'll fail. This article somewhat confuses "good" with "actionable". I had some good business ideas when I was young. I know they were good because companies later succeeded with that business plan. I just couldn't enact them. If ideas had a non-zero value, then even as a 13 year old, I could have gone to the idea market and sold them. You'll find there are no buyers however. Even if you retain cash, it would be completely practical to demand companies submit receipts with names or ID card numbers. It'd be expensive, but not impractically so. The problem isn't the computerization if cash, but the capability to record and search the information. No, any idea you can't do, is an idea you can't do. That doesn't make it good or bad. It just means you can't be the one to enact it. It doesn't say what they did instead, so this might just mean that TV and Netflix produces more happiness than Facebook. You don't really have to kill people to remove them from the field. You could just force them to switch to a new study area after a time. Won? What is winning defined as here? They implemented the policies, but you don't normally define "success" as users getting extremely mad and your CEO quitting. A good portion of the bandwidth that has been added so far has simply been consumed by more bandwidth intensive versions of existing products. The user behavior hasn't necessarily changed. See Facebook's auto-playing videos as an example. My retarded uncle is really into military subjects and nazis. He has run up other people's phone bills calling 900 number white supremacist phone numbers. I didn't even know that was a thing until it happened. I gather white supremacist groups attract certain types of mental illness. I'm sure the Muslim version of him would be into jihad. Going to arrest a lot of people if you start locking them up... If there is a new upper class today, their oppression doesn't seem all that severe. I don't recall the former nobility handing our free health care or education. Sure, the people in power today believe they deserve what they have, but so did the people in power before. If you're worried about that sort of arrogance, at least we don't have kings believing they rule by divine right and nobility believing they're carrying out God's will through their king. Honestly, I doubt that. Even if you arbitrarily removed all voting power from the poor in the UK today, you'd still have public schools and some form of public health a decade later. Those ideas are quite popular even among the wealthy. If you look back, you'll see public education became a thing partly because the wealthy pushed for it. They understood they would benefit. That's still handing out free education. They have political beliefs about that approach providing better results, but it's not as-if they want to scrap the idea of government funded education. Or, stated more positively, the government gives the poor subsidized loans so they can go university. I'm not really seeing heavy handed oppression by a cruel upper crust. Would not recommend starting out in civil engineering by going ahead and building a bridge after watching some YouTube tutorial videos. This advice can only really be applied in areas where there are no legal, safety, cost or time barriers. I didn't say everyone who wants to go gets to go did I? I just re-stated things positively. Guaranteeing that debt costs the US government quite a bit of money, which means there is an overall transfer of wealth from rich to poor through taxes. Again, it seems more like this has to do with American political ideas, rather than not wanting the poor to be educated. Incidentally, it would appear that you are out of date, as they started lending directly in 2010, instead of lending through banks. A lot of taxpayers are already of negative value to the system. They cost money. For that matter, despite paying taxes and operating legally, some dubious companies are obviously a drain on the system overall. > This is not an issue with Go because everything is compiled to an x86_64 binary there I don't think the situation is all that different. All the Java code ends up being binary as well, at least after running a while. At the moment, I think most people's Go projects simply have fewer dependencies. If you poke about on some of the popular Go projects, you'll see some of the bad coding practices that will result in upgrade breakages like checking for exact error strings (unfortunately needed sometimes, I know), so I foresee the same issues over time. Imagine two models for a moment. In one, everyone is free to advertise, and in the other, no marketing of any kind is possible (magically enforced somehow). What's the difference between those two? Competing companies will occasionally edge ahead with clever ads, but in general they just cancel one another out. Having marketing exist isn't a "win" for companies, unless they have no serious competitors, because their competitors also have them. One difference, perhaps, is that consumers probably get worse products due to ads existing. Ads create an additional path business success, even with lower product quality. You're underestimating the general underhandedness of people. If I can sell all my website's ads once, why not try to sell them twice? Double my income. If Samsung's marketing people are in Korea, I'll show all Asian IP addresses their ad, and then show some other ad (or ads) to the rest of the world. Of course, Samsung may notice the low volume, so a better scheme is to also load their ad elsewhere, but placed on the page so it's not visible. If you look at the Javascript that gets served with the ads, there is generally a hunk of logic that tries to confirm the ad is genuinely visible, to try to deal with that last bit. But that's fine isn't it? If companies don't genuinely need the employees to be in the US, then there is no problem. The issue is the insistence that they do need employees here, because of a supposed local shortage. That imagines there's no other way of people being informed. People would simply subscribe to some sort of service that reviews things. As it is, newspapers and magazines have reviews of most of the items normal people care about. I think most people view headers as a mistake. You can use it to separate the interfaces as you mention, but there are limits to how much you can do that, and parsing the headers over and over slows the build down to no real benefit. If you look at the modules proposal Microsoft has been pushing for, it provides what looks like a better approach. You won't get the build slowness, you can explicitly control what gets exported. > But when I hear Bernie speak, I feel like I’m the problem with America. I’m one of those millionaires he mentions who should pay more taxes. I’m the bad guy. While I empathize, this seems like an emotional problem on his end, instead of an issue with the actual message. Given that there is no quote mentioned anywhere, I have to wonder if it mattered what was said, or if the issue is what he sees the man as representing. I see the whole word problem approach as a bit dubious. Usually the aim is to help students learn to solve "real world" problems instead of artificial math problems. And indeed, I would say that I've learned math much more successfully when I've had a real world math problem. The trouble is, real world problems tend to be horribly complex. You're in an awkward position where you don't want to give artificial problems, but you also don't want to give real problems. She recommends this expii site, but the first problem I clicked on (the most recent one) seems ridiculous: https://www.expii.com/solve/11/1 It mentions Y Combinator and Albert Wenger as Silicon Valley supporters of basic income. I suspect that means... 2 or 3 people? The article lists more radical Italian economists. It's completely valid to create a simplified model to understand certain social effects, but when you're looking at such a tiny number of people, grouping them into some sort of blob seems more likely to be an attempt to distort than to understand. Or, they're just following what's trendy, and node stopped being cool. Where would they even use generics? All their algorithm requires is arrays of polygons, and a function to check if a polygon contains a point. The Kafka tests included things like reboots, but it sounds as though they didn't test anything like that with Google's could products, presumably because they couldn't. That perspective is quite hard on my eyes for some reason. We force people to learn a new language to program, but it's certainly not English. It's a stretch to even call some of the keywords in some languages words (car, cdr, con?). They're just tokens to feed to the compiler or interpreter, like parenthesis. Even when full English words are used, it's rarely in the conventional meaning. English speaker or not, you'll have to learn what the word actually means in the given programming language. You had hundreds of engineers cramming stuff into a mobile app, till it didn't fit. Then you apparently had to make an entirely new version of it since people in much of the world couldn't even download the thing. That sounds laugh worthy to me. I also work at a large company that has had its own mobile development "issues", and I found those plenty humorous as well. I get the point being made, but the rules probably shouldn't be directly associated with the Item objects in the first place. How would you apply a pricing rule like: "Free shipping if item total is > $20 after discounts applied"? The general approach I've seen to this sort of thing is to create a stack of rules, and each rule applies its changes if needed. And for that, an array of function pointers will work fine. You can sort-of optimize your ad javascript. Some of the ad networks are starting to require that you ads come essentially pre-packaged and be under a certain size. They still might have dumb code and overly fancy animations of course. Enforcement of contracts is always government intervention. It's a regulation of business, forcing people to stick to their word on certain issues, despite obvious economic reasons not to. Not enforcing some contracts is less intervention, not more. The 'robber barons' had enough power to get the police and national guard deployed to violently put down strikes and to protect employees working during strikes. None of these CEOs have anywhere near that kind of influence. They have lobbied quite a bit, but quite a few of those lobbying efforts have failed. This article makes some good points, although ones that have been made a lot recently, but it hugely oversells the regress argument. If that was happening, it should be quite easy to measure in some areas: 5 year cancer survival rates should fall, corn yields should drop, and so on. For the most part, we don't seem to see that. If it was all some sort of faith, and the bad findings were accepted, we should see more-or-less random changes instead of steady improvement No, they also got the police to deploy to remove them from public places, which was clearly protected speech. Violence by their hired security against employees, clearly illegal, was politely ignored. They rather blatantly controlled the police in some cases. My point was that these tech CEOs don't have that kind of influence, and they don't. End of story. The SF ban was motivated partly because the plastic bags were literally clogging the machinery at their processing center. Even with the ban, they have employees scrape the bags off periodically. If you try to buy things, it's sometimes desperately frustrating that no one will just quote you a simple price. They have different pricing tiers, and want a salesperson to talk to you so they can pretend to give you a "special" discount, and all sorts of BS. I'm sure these things work, but they also alienate customers sometimes. People have founded entire businesses on offering clearer pricing schemes. > Now let's take another activity that humans should be good at: game-playing. It should be just the opposite. There was no evolutionary pressure on humans to make them play Chess well. The games are interesting to us partly because they're challenging and make us think differently. If you want a fair comparison, you need to look at how successful we've been at making machines to do things animals were facing evolutionary pressure to do successfully. Imagine trying to build an ant. A machine with a tiny, power efficient brain, that coordinates with its fellows to gather resources and build enormous hives. Could we make computers do that? Maybe eventually, but we're nowhere close today. Just making a machine walk with grace is at the edge of what we can do. When you teach philosophy you are, like many fields, effectively teaching the history of philosophy. If you want to condense 2000+ years of history down to something that fits in an education, you're going to have to cut almost everything. What people generally do is cover people or events that had great influence on what came after. You're not getting "greatest", "best", or even "most correct"; You're getting people who stood out as having influence. > Prostitution is something that people get into out of desperation. Most of the time, maybe, but clearly not always. A woman was arrested for prostituting herself out of my university dorm. Her parents were paying her way through school. She just wanted cash to buy nice cloths. There have long been people who prostitute themselves simply because it's easier than working. The water usage might be a difficult one, but much of the impact in China is probably apathy instead of technical difficulty. They simply aren't making any effort to give people masks, reduce dust, and so on. > The technologist’s argument begins with a suspicion that the liberal arts are of dubious academic rigor, suited mostly to dreamers. From there it proceeds to a reminder: Software powers the world, ergo, the only rational education is one built on STEM. Finally, lest he be accused of making a pyre of the canon, the technologist grants that yes, after students have finished their engineering degrees and found jobs, they should pick up a book — history, poetry, whatever. It seems like he's inventing a straw-man to tear apart. The states pushing this basically want higher salary graduates. That happens to be STEM majors, for the most part, at the moment. I'm not so sure that countries will be all that enthused to follow China's example. Aside from the technical and infrastructure costs, it's evident that they're using a huge amount of human manpower. A lot of countries don't have the knowhow or billions to do it. At this point, I suspect the lesson will be to block all sites except those that force people to use their real names, and arrest them if they say something unapproved. Intimidation is pretty cheap. McDonnalds is paying even higher costs than that in other countries and hasn't done it. We have fully automated pizza making machines, but you still see plenty of people in pizza shops. The economics clearly don't work out in favor of full automation at the moment. No, they just need to explain why other projects are better things to spend money on. Given the history of poor results so far, that's probably not as difficult to do as you're imagining. Isn't it simply a question of competition? If some advertisers can't support HTTPS, that means there are fewer bidders for HTTPS content. That should result in a lower price. They are also bidding on what's presumably a shrinking pie of HTTP ad space. If the volume available to buy has dropped considerably, that may also be driving up the price of HTTP ad views. I took a number of math classes, but I've forgotten the overwhelming majority of it. It's hard to remember anything if you never use it for a full decade (my French is gone too). That's not to say I haven't used math, but I just look it up or learn it as needed. The truth is that I found my math education was a strange liability. I removed my math minor from my resume, as it prompted math based interviews. Having a Google interviewer go: "I see you have a math minor, so I'm going to ask you some math questions!", followed by the guy getting frustrated for 30 minutes, isn't a great experience. The French would have far fewer complaints about these companies if they were French, even if they behaved in exactly the same way. The concerns are real, but the underlying issue is that having foreign firms succeed over local ones upsets people. One needs only listen to how often the politicians mention that the companies are American. I've seen some examples that don't seem to agree with that. Programmers often don't need advanced math, but the ones that do, such as video game engine developers, seem to get fantastically good at it. You need a lot of time to master any skill, and few jobs provide that for mathematics. At least, not with any diversity in problems. The degree provides some years of dedicated effort. I definitely can't live up to the expectations women might get from some of those ancient stone dildos. Video games have huge variation in social quality. I got a cold this week and played some Left 4 Dead 2, since I hadn't played it in a long while. Immediately made some friends and chatted with them about their band. It was kind of shocking. But it's a pretty good setup for it. Voice chat with 4 people who are incentivized to cooperate; can kick people as needed. The social experience in most games is pretty bad. I have to wonder if the prices will be stagnant or falling by the time they put a ceiling in place. I don't see tech industry investment, or Chinese property purchases as likely to continue at the levels we've seen recently. What sort of standard are you asserting? The games with fluid dynamics simulations to simulate water aren't using fancy enough models? Capitalism isn't a system of governance. There was capitalism going on during feudalism, and every other sort of government and society. Couldn't read the whole article due to interrupting ads. The congressional districts are what get gerrymandered. They're completely irrelevant to the Democrats or Republicans picking their presidential candidates. Even the hunter gatherer societies traded. You'd frequently find people wearing decorative shells far inland. You might get the nuclear launch keys put into someone's hands, but I doubt anyone would assume a nuclear attack by default. There are all sorts of munitions hurled around that could, potentially, be nukes. EINTR is only "needed" because of the situation where a call is made to a blocking system call like read, and a signal is received before it completes. It needs to cancel the blocking call so that it can run the signal handler. If you get rid of signals, you wouldn't need EINTR. Even with signals, what people do 99% of the time is just retry the system call immediately. It would probably have been much better to have it do so automatically by default, avoiding exposing EINTR to most users. Where "we" is a group of politicians who want to be re-elected. If longer lines don't hurt them politically, then they aren't going to worry too much about fixing things to make it faster. There is a premise here that the wait is an issue, but I'm not so sure a long and bothersome security line is a bad thing from the perspective of our political leaders. I suspect (with complete seriousness) that if airport security wasn't a bother, people wouldn't feel safe. After a long series of small losses, our wheel spinner sinks into alcohol, despair, and eventually suicide. I imagine it's illegal most places. Even without a zoning violation, garages tend not to meet basic habitability rules. Lunch works if your metric is getting people to show up, but I'm sure I'm not the only one who has attracted a large group with food, only to find they only wanted the food. Microsoft also sells through the Xbox platform, which is in direct competition for the TV space. At the moment, the SF bay area still has the most choices if you're looking for a new job. That actually translates into something of a financial advantage. The two largest pay raises I've gotten have been from quitting and joining another firm. It depends how settled down you are of course. Being willing to move is generally financially beneficial as well. This vaguely condemns sending scrap metals abroad with "were safety standards are lax in comparison.", but it makes sense to do so. Having them mine and smelt new ore is hardly a desirable outcome, either from a safety or environmental standpoint. And surprisingly, it can actually be cheaper to send scrap to China than a US smelter because of the imbalance of trade. The ships would be mostly empty on the return tip if not for scrap materials being sent back. Circle of life. There is a constant pressure to push down the standard of a high school diploma. It feels so bad for people to see students try and fail, and there is the usual pressure from the parents of special needs kids. My personal feeling is we should give everyone a diploma, but list some sort of grade level attainment. If nothing else, it would help universities place students into the remedial classes they sometimes need. It's possible that adding women will fix some things, but that's just one binary aspect of human diversity. The diversity within a team will always be multiple magnitudes smaller than the diversity of the world. There are already plenty of problems with accents and speech recognition. I recall people's issues with the Sony voice control game Lifeline where people had to fake a Japanese accent to get it to accept commands: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7TacvYrnjI Adding women to whatever team made that wouldn't have fixed anything. They'd have had to go out and study other accents and factor them in. Excellent project. I appreciate listing the insights along the way. My previous team studied allowing similar queries, and we didn't see anything so easy to interpret into a query. In testing, users typed in a lot of strings that couldn't be interpreted (by machine or human), or which were ambiguous. It may be that people have gotten used to Google/Bing accepting crap queries and still showing a decent rezult. But, I suspect the main problem is they couldn't explain what they wanted to a human, at least not without considerable conversation. The population of Westeros should be zero, as the books assert there have been winters that lasted a lifetime. Unless maybe the living dead count? The books are "realistic" only in comparison to other fantasy. It'd be more valid to call it "less fantastic". You see this in so much commentary on education. People point out that something has a benefit, and they're absolutely correct, but they fail to examine if it's superior to alternatives. If we want critical thinking skills, is a history class the most efficient way to go about it? Maybe one of the other humanities is superior in this regard? What about those classes we've titled "Critical Thinking"? "Simpler" obviously didn't happen here. They had to debug the garbage collector, which included looking at traces that went into the OS. They effectively debugged a Go and C mix. I'm afraid the truth of these things is that if you try to squeeze maximum performance out of some of these more sophisticated languages, you have to be able to understand and debug the runtimes that come with them. Not that many people are up to that, which means the hurdle can be higher. It's generally suggested here in the US that you buy olive oil labeled as being from California, as the Italian labels are often adulterated or mislabeled. The periodic scandals out of Italy seem to support that view: http://www.eater.com/2016/6/30/12070668/olive-oil-fraud-ital... Pretty much only the EU has this attitude toward food names, and only selectively. I've yet to see an example of anyone seriously celebrating being white in some way that wasn't automatically being treated as racist. Things like what you link seem to get a pass because it's somewhat satirical in nature. Type "celebration of black" into Google, look at the auto-complete results. Imagine those things, but with black flipped to white. Somewhat circular to see someone attempt to use reason to argue against the use of reason. Interesting, but I feel this is missing the culture's impression of their own food. Not everyone values their cuisine to the same degree, or at least, not all of it. It's hard to get something pushed into "fine dining" menus when there is no one suggesting that it qualifies. People have tried for a long time to find correlations between language traits and cultural or political effects. For the most part, it doesn't seem to be there. What people actually do in practice in the situation you're describing is to just use the foreign word directly. That's how languages end up filled with loanwords. "Let's be honest" implies people are denying the perks of the jobs or living in the area. I haven't seen any such denial. I can't help but notice that no matter how often this comes up, no one ever points to an incident of a code of conduct fixing something. I do see a lot of complaints about heated arguments about having a code of conduct, and plenty of evidence of those arguments existing. As far as I can tell, they are simply claiming it's a project with a code of conduct that seems welcoming. There appear to be projects that don't have a code of conduct that could be described the same way, so it's not useful as evidence of an effect. My university participated in a study that found their anti-alcohol posters appeared to increase student drinking. Admittedly, with not as large a data set as desired, so it's also possible they simply did nothing. You find this with a huge array of both government and non-profit efforts. Most of the time, the things we try to improve society simply don't work, or not to the degree desired. No it doesn't. Americans failed to save even when the economy was doing extremely well. Even for experienced people, being off by a factor of 2 or 3 appears to fairly normal. That means, the correct answer to "How will this not happen again?" is to say that it will happen again, and that that isn't preventable. At least, no one seems to have succeeded at preventing it. My experience has been that the only questions management should bother with are usually the issues that managers can actually fix. That tends to be a surprisingly limited set of things. Having read this, I Googled "Dollar shave club razor brand", and sure enough there are articles like this one explaining how to order the product directly: http://lifehacker.com/5903771/forget-dollar-shave-clubbuy-th... It seems like their success is essentially a marketing success. That's not exactly a new phenomenon, excepting the use of web video instead of TV/radio ads. Plenty of companies are essentially marketing entities that "rebranded" existing products. Or they have self-contradictory political views, or they're dishonest about what they really believe, or they say different things when it's in their self interest. Or, quite likely, a mix of all of the above. When the postal system started, localities had to prove the roads were good enough for postal delivery. Most of those rural roads were maintained by the locals. It was unsubsidized and somewhat free market oriented? Not completely obviously, but people literally building their own roads, and then paying for mail delivery is definitely leaning that way. Isn't this missing the most obvious possibility, which is that anime images are just generally popular with the population that contains trolls generally? Say, 12-30 year old males? Odd then that the internet seems utterly jam packed with English language anime content? Not really. Just look through the feature lists of some newer processors: AES encryption support: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AES_instruction_set Hardware video encoding/decoding support (I presume for phones): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_Quick_Sync_Video It's more that it's relatively easy to make some instruction useful to a variety of video game problems, but difficult to do the same for encryption or compression. You tend to end up with hardware support for specific standards. Thank you for pointlessly regurgitating much of his post? The fact that Intel put an encryption feature in their chip, which does indeed make that algorithm faster, would tend to indicate they wanted faster encryption wouldn't it? That some other algorithm could be faster still isn't really contradicting that. I have to type a single number into Google Maps for it to auto-complete to my home address. That's not really a beatable speed. And there is the tiny problem that I can't even pronounce some of the things I've typed into Google. Examples include: Japanese manga names, company names, and foreign names from news articles. > But hey, is it really worth it to spend upwards of $60,000 a year to read books that will still be around after graduating? Well, for some with eyes for graduate school it may be. > Rock on fellow baristas, rock on Finally, my dream of being a graduate student working at a coffee shop... SF actually attracts homeless people. The last homeless count done showed 29% of homeless people in SF lost their housing outside the city, with 10% of that from out of state: https://sfgov.org/lhcb/sites/default/files/2015%20San%20Fran... (search for "place of residence") I rather suspect SF is a nice place to be homeless, as people seem to be "voting with their feet" and going there. Here's something from the "About us" page of the company that made my toaster: http://www.bellahousewares.com/img/home/side.png Companies pretty much all say the same things about themselves, inside of SV or out. It's just whatever happens to be the marketing buzzwords of today. Remove all the whitespace, and then add spaces and newlines in legal positions to make the wave pattern. Edit: It also seems to add escapes to the text to make it a bit neater than what I suggested. I think it's quite possible the level of violence seemed excessive even to the society itself. A common problem that's cropped up in a number of modern countries is weddings getting more and more expensive. If weddings are an important means of displaying status, and it might shame the family to seem poor, then there is clearly going to be a drive that direction. Pretty soon, people are bankrupting themselves on weddings that seem excessive to everyone involved. Cultures that engage in religious sacrifice seem to have the same sort of problem. Sacrifice shows off both status and religious zeal, so there's incentive to try to sacrifice more than others. If sacrificing slaves is allowed, ending up in an extreme state isn't all that surprising. If you want to know how a student will confront a real problem, you need to create a context where they won't try to outsmart whoever wrote the question. It's entirely possible to solve a math problem using psychology instead of math, because math problems are made by people. We've all done a horrifying amount of schoolwork, and thus have a pretty good data set in our head from which to extrapolate. Suppose I tell you that an algebra textbook question includes the numbers 32, 4 and 64 in the problem text. What's the answer? I'd bet most of us would guess 2 or 4. > World-building for purposes of entertainment generally has little to do with successful prediction Do you have any evidence that that's true? A decent number of ideas portrayed in science fiction have come true, so clearly successful prediction is going on. Ultimately, economist or author are both using imagination and extrapolation. I don't see any particular reason to expect better results from the economist. Some of the examples made me wonder if only the most empathetic poor would agree to participate in a study. Given the poor prediction reputation of Economists, their attempts probably match your description as well. I'm not sure they'd bother even if it becomes available. It doesn't appear that people have had any real difficulty pulling off scams where they pretend to be the IRS, or Microsoft tech support, or some other entity to extract money. The AI would only eliminate their call center costs. People tend to screw up the unicode aspects more than the general parsing. And, indeed, the example JSON parser provided checks for a UTF-8 byte order mark, but doesn't validate that the data is valid UTF-8, so it will let through strings that might cause an application problems. Although there is a commented out method to validate a code point, so I guess he understood that it was an issue. Sure, but then you don't need to go through the whole process of publishing it. You could just post it on your blog. Do you have any data to suggest your approach works better than random selection? A lot of hiring managers seem to admit to not bothering to read cover letters. I diligently entered cover letter and resume information into a spreadsheet when hiring, and to be perfectly honest, the only correlation I could find between cover letter + resume and interview results was resume length. Those "white men" (I guess Asian gaming isn't a thing?) are apparently doing a pretty good job appealing to women as some studies have suggested they're roughly half of the game playing demographic: http://www.dailydot.com/parsec/adult-women-largest-gaming-de... It may be correct that women want something different than men, but I don't think its true in the way they imagine. A lot of women seem to have enjoyed "The Sims", but many of them appear to have spent their time in-game torturing their hapless sims. Yes, small software firm I worked at was purchased by Valassis Inc. A few people left immediately. He presents no example of "doing it right", and in fact smugly dismisses the people who attempted to do what he's suggesting: > here’s been some sympathy from the press, sure: the dispatches from “heroin country” that read like reports from colonial administrators checking in on the natives. Seems like he's just adding more smugness. > they voted for him out of economic desperation Really? The entire election can be boiled down to a single, concrete, easily understood reason? There's no diversity of thought at all? How remarkable. I'm not sure the law matters all that much. I'm a bit doubtful the modern day US military would be genuinely willing to use violence to retain a state that tried to leave peacefully and democratically. Also, California already has a militia. We just call it the "National Guard" these days. The reason we consistently end up with a roughly equal two party split is because the need to get 51% of the vote. The Democrats would just adjust the party platform and pull some dis-satisfied portion(s) of the Republican party in until the vote was roughly 50-50 again. It depends how they ended up in that state. If someone slowly fails, the family has more time to accept things, and know what kind of decision they might have to make. It's become "the narrative", but it has some obvious problems as you note. Sometimes the explanation that gets shoved in front of your face is the one that has driven the most readership (or clicks), rather than one that matches what actually occurred. De Beers specifically ran ads suggesting that you should spend 2 months salary on your ring, and people bought that idea: http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/304/media/images/74843000/jpg/_... When you go to buy a ring they even ask you how much you make some of the time. It's not so much a signaling mechanism, as companies trying to bleed as much as you can possibly afford out of you. If we exclude the criticism of your peers who will likely question your conclusions, it's probably better to be a climate change denier. A subgroup of people will hail you as a hero, it seems to dramatically increase your odds of being invited to speak in congress, and your budget is less likely to vanish under a conservative government. I guess this is more of a shadow dom question, but what's the efficiency of the CSS with this pattern? It seems like styling is being inserted into every instance. Is there a browser feature to avoid internally duplicating it? Makes sense. Thanks. > is close to the libertarian ideal and is working Working to some extent, right? There are whole categories of products that are heavily faked or adulterated. If he'd paid a fine after they caught him, he wouldn't have gone to jail. He very openly refused to pay. He effectively went to jail for refusing to pay a fine. I've tried this myself. What you'll run into is that you tend to need a few things that are non-trivial: An implementation of malloc/free Functions to parse and print floats (somewhat system dependent) Assembly implementations of any trigonometric functions used While there is code that goes to that effort (The Go runtime comes to mind), it's quite a pain for "normal" code. There is probably more C# and Java tools than Go. There has been more time for libraries to build up. But to the general thrust of your question, because that's the problem Google was trying to solve? The built in libraries make it quite easy to write applications that speak HTTP/HTTPS in a reasonably scalable way. Rust will probably be comparable in the future, but isn't quite there yet. C/C++ remains a bit difficult, although it should become a lot easier if the C++ networking TS makes it in. The same Trump who dominated media coverage for about a year? The one who participated in televised debates seen by millions? If anything, the problem was that his views got too much coverage. The cats are pretty nice. This sort of thing needs a part 2: "What to do when you child sees through your tricks". I'm not joking about that one. It will happen. Even pets figure out some training techniques, causing them to stop being effective. > Shorter programs have less bugs[1], and run faster[2] It's quite easy to write a short, slow, buggy HTTP server. There are a lot of them. Simple observation would tend to suggest that the fast and reliable HTTP servers tend to have quite a bit of code. Sure, a lot of that is extra features that most people don't use, but it's true even if you cut that out. > So far, the company said, it’s been successful. Blocks and reports of incidents have gone up, indicating that GitHub users are actually using the site’s new tools. And when incidents do occur, the time it takes to respond to user reports has gone down. While faster response times are definitely good, higher rates of blocked users and abuse reports seem like dubious metrics for success. But plenty of sites already have floating elements that reposition based on scroll listeners. The sticky property just allows it to be done in a performant way. It's also broken for tables in Firefox despite it reporting that it supports the style: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=975644 Sending out a company wide email for a suicide attempt at a company with hundreds of thousands of workers? It seems like you'd end up sending something like one of those emails a month. It'd get depressing pretty fast... One might imagine a Christian student ignoring that possibility because the building would presumably be de-sanctified. Most of the things characters in normal stories do are going to be for practical reasons. Requiring that students find symbolic value in every detail is silly. You could just read Adobe's blog posts on this. Not hard to find: https://blogs.adobe.com/conversations/2015/11/flash-html5-an... You're comparing a rather strange selection of foods. The cheapest foods per-calorie are the things you see the poor of the word eating: rice, corn meal, beans, etc. You can buy a massive bag of rice for almost nothing, and some countries subsidize that further. When people talk about the poor living on a dollar a day, they're serious. You may notice that the poor eating those foods, and not dramatically more expensive items like soda, aren't getting fat. If you need UDP, and a UDP connection can't be set up, aren't you screwed regardless? It appears to be a requirement for these "falsehoods programmers believe about X" to include a few items that no one genuinely believes. Doctors that specialize in things insurance rarely covers, like cosmetic surgery, are often quite upfront with costs. The complexity of insurance seems to be a big part of the problem. And you see that with cars too. If someone is having an ordeal related to auto-maintenance, you often hear insurance mentioned... Since I imagine you're looking for unusual answers that an engineer type could conceivably transfer to: Theme park design/engineering Museum exhibit design/construction It's tempting to think we can mimic the example of a small country, but it's unfortunately quite difficult to know if the policies mattered, or if it has to do with cultural and economic forces that the government doesn't have much influence over. Imagine you take the US, and you just cut it into small "nations" arbitrarily. Despite having the same laws and policies, you'd see a huge amount of diversity when it comes to crime rates, wealth, income distribution, and so on. It might also just be that it is a bigger and older company, which entices a different group of people. I have noticed some ethnic bias in hiring for test/quality engineering roles. My working theory is that, for cultural reasons, some people are mostly looking to work for a big firm, and are thus happy in such a role. The rest think of it as too dull sounding. Quite a few keyboards have some sort of tactile way of telling if your hands are on the "home row". The Macbook pro I'm using has small lines under the F and J keys. That's all you need to position if you can touch type. I suppose that's not perfect if you can't find the key, but echoing what you type is enough for most cases. I strongly suspect that while Bukowski might have been depressed at his job, he probably had some cheerful as fuck coworkers annoying the crap out of him. I have a friend who became a barista out of university. For most people that would be a depressing failure to get a "real job", but she got enthused, became hugely knowledgable about coffee, and seems to enjoy it. Her company keeps shipping her out to various coffee related events, so they clearly like her. Sometimes people fit snugly into a crack in the world that fits their shape, and sometimes no such crack exists. It looks like you can just mark it as being for presentation: Although the screen readers seem to do a decent job of doing this automatically. How much time does it take to understand something with sufficient depth to make a sound judgement? It would be nice if the answer could somehow always be a short expert witness testimony, but the reality seems to be that in some areas it's months or years of study. In your example, you'd have to explain what source code is, what a graphics library is, methods of representing and comparing source code, and how the applicable laws are supposed to function. Sure, you could probably give them a vague impression in a short time, but not enough to decide something complex. This is imagining humans to be useful in a way I wouldn't expect. You have a guy who posted a lot of paid ads despite warnings, and a woman who genuinely did post child pornography. Do we really imagine that reaching a human would have somehow changed the outcome? They definitely did violate the rules, so I imagine the call center employee would just confirm it, tell them as much, and hang up. Sure, it's possible for a human to make such a judgement call, but most of the time call center staff are going to be working from a script and trying to get done with your call as fast as possible. There's not going to be a path on their script for "was indeed child porn, but it seems okay", except perhaps for account theft. A little Googling suggests people have gotten things appealed, so it's more likely that humans are taking a look, but they're just not producing the outcome you want. I'd view their numbers with some doubt, given that there has been a whistle-blower lawsuit related to it: http://www.reuters.com/article/us-oracle-lawsuit-accounting-... > The magic of bundle economics allows consumers to get more for less Sometimes, yes, but sometimes it's basically a scam that relies on consumers having few options and low negotiating power. Companies always want to come as close as possible to charging you without providing anything in return. Phone companies prefer to charge you for potential minutes for month, rather than actual minutes used, as then customers pay for the purely theoretical unused minutes. Cable companies prefer to bundle channels because you have to pay for the ones you don't watch. > aren't engaging with the facts in an honest and forthright way. One of the more roundabout ways of calling someone a liar that I've seen. Companies often don't know why they succeeded. They have some idea, but it's an incomplete and biased picture. There is a tendency to credit company culture, but presumably some companies have succeeded in spite of their culture, rather than because of it. Not having a phone is not going to seem suspicious. Even in the US, there are still people who don't own cell phones. About 5% according to the Pew Research center, after I took the difficult step of Googling it. Plus, some people don't have an international phone plan, or compatible charger, so they just leave the phone behind. To the contrary, prosperity has been a problem for some of them. The Israeli Kibbutz movement, for example, experienced a lot of tension as a result of their successful businesses: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kibbutz#Economics The reality of running a business tends to conflict with peoples ideals. The company has been successfully sued over "improper account holds" (See Zepeda v. PayPal) and the internet is utterly jam packed full of stories like yours. I don't see why people find it surprising at this point. If your country is large enough, you probably need to adjust for cost of living for a progressive taxation system to be fair. Although I suspect much of this effect is explained by the fact that states get fixed senate votes regardless of population. I'm sure I'll enjoy this as much as I enjoy the autoplay previews they won't let us disable. It can be an issue even when there is plenty of space. I recall quite a bit of drama around Doom 4: https://steamcommunity.com/app/379720/discussions/0/35728611... But besides annoyance to customers, remember that bandwidth costs are quite large for popular products. Something like a browser or MS Office update is going to get downloaded billions of times. Probably most places, for most of human history, given the lack of travel. Not that they didn't find other reasons to dislike their fellow humans. Except he did talk about that. He just suggested it was something different that what was presented by the narrative: > The real problems are things like unanimous votes at Venture Capital firms. There is always someone who “can’t get comfortable” with the Black guy’s deal. That just makes the problem circular. How do you find these managers that are good at judging people? Also, you're clearly laying out metrics: communication ability and timeliness. They're just somewhat generic metrics. The fetch API is probably the closest to what you're asking for, as it allows for streaming a response, but is basically a plain HTTP request. What's the advantage over just scanning them and having a conveyor belt system channel it to the right spot? Most of what you think is "good graffiti" is probably done with permission or paid. It works if you're someone like Amazon that can pay based on sales generated, but that's actually somewhat unusual. A lot of advertisers are hoping to also push their brand, and there fraud is the big problem. A lot of the JS served is just validating that the ads displayed properly, or was seen by the correct target audience. Given the scale described, it sounds like they could have had a single machine that held the data in memory and periodically flushed to disk/DB to support failing over to a standby. I suppose so, but then what did you gain from the extra hop to redis? Perhaps, rather than posting an insult, you should consider the possibility that you misinterpreted my comment? This kind of thing always sounds like an excuse to me. If learning to think was a thing, surely the content of the course should matter? After all, this argument implies that it's not included in what was taught before university. And why wasn't it taught in high school if it was so important? If it's not an expectation now, it will be soon. Tipping became a thing partly because managers started telling their employees to start asking for tips, and soon enough it became effectively mandatory. It's better to just not have things set up to create the problem in the first place. I don't really want waiting staff or taxi drivers forced to coerce tips out of me. Overlooks the more basic problem that it's simply overbuilt. There are quite a few articles where CEOs point at the over-abundance of retail in general: http://www.cbsnews.com/news/u-s-retailers-have-a-ridiculous-... Even as stores die, they seem to get replaced by even more stores elsewhere. Thanks, the Wendover video was quite well done. You only need to make one mistaken assumption to introduce non-determinism. Say you wait for the page to load, then click a button, is that valid? Sometimes it is, but some UI frameworks might render the button after the page reports being loaded. Your test will generally pass regardless, but mysteriously fail periodically. You also tend to never achieve full reliability because the environments aren't entirely stable. Almost everyone sees more "random" failures on old IE versions. Poor over-stressed IE9 running in a VM will have a bad day and your test will fail. Thanks for the different perspective. Having seen several headlines about high employment in renewable energy industries, I must admit that I'm sort of prepped for headlines about it declining. Companies will always start looking for some sort of efficiency when they keep having to add more and more employees. It took me about a minute of Googling to learn that they did do a gradual approach. They stopped issuing permits a decade ago, which led to a mining company trying (unsuccessfully) to sue them: https://www.iisd.org/itn/2009/08/31/el-salvador-government-c... I'm afraid you'll have to put up with the discussion of their "amazing culture", and what innovators they are. Even non-Tech companies give speils like that these days. There is a lot of ego around food when it gets tied to identity. Your spouse is probably rejecting many restaurants that are run by immigrants cooking recepies brought over. So are crashed cars. When we find them in the wilderness, we take the bodies out, drag them off, and scrap them. I'd expect sublinear growth for the kind of hosting Wikipedia is doing. They're mostly serving cached text documents and images. If the rural areas are doing poorly, it's always tempting to blame the cities, or the "urban elite", or whatever. Yet the rural areas quite often dominate state politics. If their own representatives are acting paternal, it's hard to see how it's the cities fault. Providing help to rural areas remains quite popular across the board. There is a long history subsidizing rural agriculture, infrastructure and utilities. It's proven difficult to eliminate the poverty despite that. The Republican party has been ambivalent or against new spending on infrastructure in recent history. Trump had some genuine appeal for being in favor of it. He even threw out the same $1T number: http://thehill.com/business-a-lobbying/306490-gop-braces-for... Not that I actually expect that money to materialize. The total number of posts used to be so low, the "social" aspects wouldn't have mattered much. Not everyone used to use the internet for that sort of thing (manuals and books), and there are far more people writing software now. Experiment? It's not like this is the first time this sort of thing has happened. There's piles of data and research on this, and it's not hard to make an estimate of the impact yourself. Just make an Excel spreadsheet with past minimum wage increases and the change in unemployment X years later. Or you can just look at news articles from the past. There is long history of people predicting dire employment impacts that never materialize. > If there's an ultimate explanation for the existence of the universe, the explanation has to stop somewhere. Not really. It could be that the universe has existed for an infinite amount of time, and the big bang was an event that occurs from time to time. No matter what explanation you pick, something came from "nothingness" at some point, which suggests nothingness has some unusual properties. This sort of assumes that the people themselves know if they believe in god. People are often in denial of their own feelings, or flip back and forth. Plenty of priests will happily tell you about their personal doubts that god exists. Probably less that they're "Russian", than that they hand over all their data to the Russian government. VK was taken over, seemingly because of pressure to turn over Euromaidan protestor's names. > The office was, until a few decades ago, the last stronghold of fashion formality. Silicon Valley changed that. The trend was obviously coming to an end if we're already using terms like "last stronghold", regardless of what Silicon Valley might have done. You might recall California has a long history of employing Chinese immigrants for railroad construction. In modern times, the biggest obstacle to new train routes tends to be acquiring the right of way. You generally have to buy up all the property in the path, or compensate people, and deal with the politics/lawsuits that generates. There are a number of public documents about programs for the high speed rail project: http://www.hsr.ca.gov/Programs/private_property.html Where "free" means 21888 + book and supply cost + 4 years of income? Could you lend me a couple hundred free things? It's probably not that difficult to create a model that will adjust the prices to reclaim the loss later. Starting low likely generates more sales overall. > Why didn’t Google suggest to me a whole bunch of cultural events? Because very few people would want that? Most people do their trip planning in advance, so it's way past the time to suggest anything. If you really need to find things to do in Moscow, you could just... Google "Things to do in Moscow". Even a very smart product is going to need a little effort on your part. We just sealed it off in a separate room, with the snack room between it and people. It generally seems to be a lot easier to generate political action around certain types of issues than others. It's hard to get hundreds of people into the streets to demand better transportation and sewer system repair, even if those issues are measurably more impactful than something like police violence. How much should you pay for that endorsement? Normally, you'd pay based on how many people see the ad. That, then incentives lying about how many people saw the ad, or creating fake views with bots. To deal with that, you add in Javascript that checks if the ad is genuinely visible and, try to validate that they aren't a bot, and whatever other fakery they try. Adding a layer on top of that, people generally have a target audience, so if you want them as a customer, you might have to inject some more Javascript to determine if the user is part of the target audience. And pretty soon the site is full of tracking beacons and blobs of JS. Ignoring people's nationalistic/racial biases for a moment, a contradiction is somewhat normal with some economic events. Imagine there is a real estate bubble in some country. We'd expect articles painting a hugely positive picture of growth, and also negative articles about debt and surplus housing. Both sets of articles are valid, if perhaps cherry picking facts. Journalists like to spin things to be more sensationalized. Honestly, faster super computers aren't going to affect the balance of power. There is a ridiculous amount of computer power available already. I didn't say they weren't useful, but, as noted, we already have tons of processing power. Diminishing returns kick in at some point with any sort of investment like this. Tossing a few more super computers at labs isn't going to shake the world. You can even get time on machines that aren't in the country. I'm sure Chinese experiments have run on US supercomputers at this point. Do you have a set of sites you frequent on your phone that have ads, but will otherwise function without Javascript? Try using those sites with and without Javascript disabled. It's a bit depressing how much it drags some pages down. That's what the "but will otherwise function without Javascript" bit was about. The newspapers were already aggregators in the first place. They bought stories off wire feeds, bought editorials, paid for the comics, and sprinkled in their own content. The Associated Press quite upset the news industry by directly posting content online, because they were afraid people would skip them and get the stories directly. > My own impression is that the more data there is, the better for researchers. The downside of this, is you end up with buildings full of things no one looks at. You can't hold onto all the world's art, history, and scientific samples, without eventually throwing some stuff out. It will probably never be cheap to store something like "The full set of all Facebook photos and videos", which means we'll probably end up keeping a sample of some of this stuff. I'm sure they clean the Civic Center station area daily. If they didn't, it would be knee deep in filth. That's just where they've decided to gather. I'm not entirely sure what attracts them there, other than the burger king with the huge "EBT Cards Accepted" poster. That would presumably raise rents in surrounding counties, which might actually make things worse. A big hunk of the homeless come from other counties, and went to SF after the fact: "Ten percent (10%) of respondents reported they were living out of state at the time they lost their housing. Nineteen percent (19%) reported they were living in another county in California. Six percent (6%) reported they were living in Alameda County at the time, 3% San Mateo, 2% Marin, 2% Contra Costa and 1% Santa Clara County." https://sfgov.org/lhcb/sites/default/files/2015%20San%20Fran... It's basically playing pretend to imply this is a "Liberal" problem in the US. The Republicans constantly talk about the size of the government, and then create whole new programs like Medicare Part D. And, of course, Republicans often fight cost control measures, seemingly because that would hurt corporations that benefit from the programs. You'd think we wouldn't need a security camera in our break room to stop people from stealing other people's food, but we do. People do all sorts of petty crap. If you expect rational behavior, you're going to be disappointed. Good to see I wasn't the only one to look at the table of atomic radius to check this. I don't see that as particularly unusual. With many video games the graphics can become a nuisance, particularly with mobile games or RPGs where you end up waiting for animations to complete over and over. If you see an estimation of human brain computation power, it's probably best to assume it's nonsense. There are wildly different estimates, and as computers have gotten faster, the estimates seem to have risen, which suggests ego is involved. My observation in the US is that there is a pretty big gap in perception of how professionals or managers should be paid versus ordinary workers. You'll find people who would never consider paying workers more than minimum wage, and yet consider the bills from lawyers and consultants perfectly reasonable. Part of it seems to be a general belief that some sorts of expensive professionals are better, much like how people assume pricey wine tastes better, but I suspect most of it's just class issues. > everyone in the company is a member of the same team A team that includes everyone else outside the company in similar cloths? If they worked in sales in one industry, I suspect they'll just move on to sales in another industry. People have been trying to automate sales forever. Catalogs, telephones, websites, etc. We still seem to have tons of sales people. I doubt even the academics would agree with that one. Yes, it seems like a server side complexity issue should be a fixable problem without updating the standards. I suppose you'll still need to deploy a stun/turn server to deal with the NAT issues unless you're happy with IPv6 only, but that's not really something the standard can fix. It's not exactly an exception; it's just on one end of the spectrum. The more serious the illness, the more serious the treatment side effects we tend to tolerate. They can get the setup right before the model shows up. They didn't show the post processing, so obviously you have no idea what's involved in that. I don't see any reason it'd be lacking compared to some other effort. You can find advertisements for seances referencing "X-ray Science", and various products attributing mystic powers to radium and the like. All that technology was so amazing that it seemed genuinely magical: Light without fire, instant communication, seeing through objects, etc. We just don't appreciate it having grown up with it. Given the long history of news organizations making this sort of thing up, although usually about teenagers, I'd give this a pretty low odds of being a real trend. Particularly given the handful of personal accounts, and no attempt at looking for real world data like emergency room visits. My personal observation from living here, is that the drug/alcohol use is pretty typical, outside of burning man, except for some people suffering from Overwatch addiction. Might be worth looking to see if the processes are creating hidden windows or other UI objects. The previous post references NtGdiCloseProcess, and it'd make sense that some of those handles would require a lock to clean up safely. > there are websites that hide ads under other ads, still reporting displays for all ads per page load. While people have done that, most ads seem to load load with some JS to confirm if the ad is visible, and if it's above or below the fold. I suspect it'd be more accurate to say that many of them know quite a bit, it's just that there's no overlap with what schools want them to know. I'm sure a younger version of myself would have completely failed a basic test of computer literacy. And yet, I set up DOS extended memory, configured hardware settings for the Sound Blaster, and calibrated a joystick, so I could play Tie Fighter. The only skill I think a school might have valued was that I learned a tiny bit of basic to fiddle with that qbasic game where the gorillas threw bananas at each other. Sometimes you have to accept that legislation isn't going to fix a problem. Piracy, spamming, and so on aren't going to go away, even if we catch people periodically. You can certainly get the largest firms to comply, but the internet is full of people trying to trick you with fraud and viruses. You're not going to make those people care. > And sometimes you have to accept that there will be zero change until legislation hits the big companies with an even bigger stick. Were the problem parties in this article the "big companies"? Nope. They're already flouting existing laws. Are new laws going to stop them when the existing ones don't? Obviously not. That's not being particularly generous. If there is no evidence of a physical problem, you get kind of stuck. Doctors have tried hard to find a physical cause for a number of these illness. As an example, the CDC spent years investigating Delusional Parasitosis, despite evidence it was mental illness, precisely because the sufferers were so insistent they were truly sick (See bottom of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delusional_parasitosis ). They didn't find anything, and the treatment remains antipsychotics, which do appear to work. I suspect it's mostly just the underlying culture. Japan was more into baths/bathing in pre-industrial times than most of the world, and there is hot springs tourism. > Both the military and professional kitchens are environments where there's zero tolerance for slackers and indecision I'm fairly certain the military would be surprised to learn they lack slackers and indecision. At least now you know who stole your house in UO. If you're building some sort of ad supported and public site, using Google or FB accounts is fine, but it's not always workable if they're paying you a monthly fee. People will want administrative control over accounts, and they'll call and demand you fix things when they can't login. But to automate testing, you probably need working locale support, and APIs for images to function. Those items will probably stop working for detection purposes when they fix them. I wouldn't be that surprised if they added webgl support later as well. The missing step is often that we continue to let communities pop up in these areas that we fully expect to periodically burn down. Of course, we often still let people build their houses in flood planes, but we seem to be slowly getting better at that. The problem tends to be the pricing. The per-episode and seasonal purchase rates often seem higher than going and buying a DVD, probably due to the store taking a cut. The streaming services, or even cable TV, are much cheaper if you make a lot of use of them. The hope always seems to be to operate like a gym, where there are people paying but almost never showing up. Or, more likely, much of that would turn out to be false if you bothered to check if your assumptions were true with a some research. A few companies like IBM and Google actually have tried to do such research, but most people just make it up like you're doing. There's an exceptionally long history of companies making terrible assumptions about who to hire. Just look back a few decades ago at all the companies shocked to learn women did just fine. If you let people see their toxicity rating, they'll just learn to game the system. Of course, more indirect or poetic insults might be an improvement. It would be nice if "the problem" was simply that people lived in a bubble and didn't understand. That would be a relatively easily solvable problem, but this is not the case. Sure, people can be isolated from the experiences of others, but the overwhelming majority of us have friends and relatives working normal jobs. A lot of empathy does exist. Empathy alone does not lower the rent, or cause those "good jobs" to reappear. You're assuming the companies will rationally respond to the market pressure. They'll probably just go broke instead. Media companies often seem happy to deny the realities of the market when it comes to licensing and distribution. Oh, the facts are correct, they're just not used in any sensible way. Look no further than the use of references to fictional television and movies as supporting evidence. It feels like something thrown together by scraping a bunch of random content from blog posts on Silicon Valley. It undoubtedly predates the old testament, which is why it just says "described in the Hebrew Bible" in that Wikipedia link. You can't really invent scavenging leftovers. The rules the old testament added, was to ensure there was something for those, presumably desperate, people to find. People won't generally click on a story about a waitress being sexually harassed, but they will if it's a story about some Silicon Valley company. That's about it. You're assuming it's engineering, but many of these articles are about VC and finance firms. The news just globs them all together under the banner of "Silicon Valley". In a way it's convenient. The URLs fail instantly. Trying to find things referenced by an old book can be pretty painful. The order of scripts matters, so it's not really possible except for the first script (similar to C/C++ #include optimizations). Even then, you'd have to deal with the possibility of someone modifying something the scripts create. You can generalize this to a "weakest link" issue. If you imagine splitting things into 100 expert teams instead of just 2, it becomes pretty clear that things will move as fast as the slowest team (assuming a linear chain of dependencies). Unfortunately hit such situations quite a bit at my current workplace... Growing an organ means you need it to genetically match the person, have all the different tissues hooked up together correctly, and somehow grow it faster than normally happens. And you need that fast growth to turn off before you put it in someone. Growing a vat of meat tissue just means you get a lot of cells to absorb nutrients and reproduce. It's likely multiple magnitudes easier. When cheap fiction novels became popular, there was a similar concern that young people were staying inside and reading instead of going outside. There has never been an era where parents failed to find fault in young people's behavior. For better or worse, a number of countries are going to be churning out far more people with PhDs than can fill their academic or research positions. That will probably include China, given the trend of education there. It's putting spin on old technology. This all sounds like something that could have been done in the 70s, and was mainstream in the 80s. The dashboards are probably way prettier now though. Also, there is a centralized facility somewhere with people chopping up the fish. It improves efficiency as you need less staff, but it's not exactly automated. These media spin terms get tiring. Saying you need a special way to log into a website is too boring, so they call it "The Dark Web". People saying lewd things in chatrooms is uninteresting, so it becomes "Virtual Rape". I just end up having to explain to my older relatives that it's nonsense when they ask me about it. The work seems to expand to fill the time. You'll notice people struggle to raise their 2-3 kids, when people previously had over a dozen. They're now putting in more effort per-child. Having cleaning be easier similarly seems to raise cleaning standards. Yes, the whole thing sounded illegal, so not all that surprising a result. Because the technology that came before cell phones was pagers. My uncle worked at a very large corporation that couldn't update to a later version of Excel because they relied on some spreadsheet to do their taxes, and some minor difference between versions broke the spreadsheet. No one could reverse engineer what the spreadsheet did. With a complex enough sheet, every cell becomes a separate function with no documentation. That's unfortunately a pattern you see with these efforts to make things simpler and more visual. They're great tools, until it gets too complicated, and then you find you'd be better off just writing code. You're imagining Steve Jobs made some sort of rational choice. It sounds like he pretty much ignored the facts, as well as the advice of family and friends. Here's his biographer's quote to CBS: "I think that he kind of felt that if you ignore something, if you don't want something to exist, you can have magical thinking. It'd worked for him in the past. He regretted it." Chopping down or burning a bunch of forest hardly seems like it's going to make Brazil rich. Some of the worlds major economic success stories are countries with few natural resources, Taiwan being a common example. At the same time, there are a number of countries heavily exploiting their resources, yet seemingly without alleviating their poverty. There are plenty of places trying to re-forest, which also suggests that you might get stuck with the long term cost of trying to undo the damage done. It seems that you have an issue with beliefs that you assume people have, rather than a literal reading of what they stated. People generally interpret things much more negatively over text channels like email, than hearing the same thing in person, so I'd be cautious of such a negative take. The same thing happens with coffee, where people will indicate on surveys that they like black coffee, but most people prefer something with milk and creme. That said, the smaller breweries have to make a product that's somehow different. It's not surprising they're trying that route. Orchestras have been trying to one-up each other by making their music a bit sharper to get a "distinctive sound" for hundreds of years. This focuses on finance, and honestly doesn't seem that different than the gripes people had against banks 50 years ago. White men in charge? Not helping solve inequality? People are more flexible there than you might think. A friend and I started trying to beat NES Contra without killing anything (it does force you to in parts), and after Googling it later, it seems quite a few people had the same idea. There are "pacifist" speedruns on youtube. I've seen a lot of articles making this suggestion, but never do they seem to actually check if the software was indeed written by white men. It's as if they don't want their biases contradicted by evidence. The article has a hypothesis right in the headline: "algorithmic bias is a result of the insular, mostly white tech industry". So no, if it was written by an entirely Indian staff at an Indian outsourcing company, that would discredit the idea. Some day soon, the last person who genuinely cares about the Howdy Doody TV show will die. No one else will truly care about it after they're gone, because no one will have fond childhood memories of watching it. All this stuff dies even if the language lives on. The jokes stop being funny, and the stories stop being enjoyable. We just end up with a few preserved works that we label "classics" and force school children to read. Isn't some of this just the difficulty of describing something unique? If you asked me to describe what the aliens from the Alien/Aliens movies looked like, I'd completely fail. If you asked me to describe the alien from Predator, on the other hand, it'd be fairly easy. The Predator is a guy in a costume so I could just describe the differences. It feels a bit off to say that "IQ is real". It gives a false sense that something fundamental is being measured. The tests are real, and the correlations are real. It's possible, but that doesn't match up with previous history. You can find articles about them trying to reduce the sulfur content of fuel going back longer than that, and that's a relatively straight-forward change. > It's funny that the tech industry is so insistent on side projects. Are they? I've yet to be asked about it. It might be different for new grads, but what people seem to care about most is if you've worked for a major firm, or in the case of the video game industry, a "AAA title". I think we'll just see a ton of videos of electric scooters crashing into them... What you're basically saying is "No reasonable person would think this", but the world isn't exactly short on unreasonable people. There's already tension with some social networks where countries want them to censor protest groups, report atheist blasphemers, and so on. Companies like that often just buy up a stock of the hardware they need and stuff it in a warehouse, at least when it's in danger of being discontinued. They don't need to maintain the source code at all. They just need to be able to keep installing the binary. > Think about it: a feature detection API that itself needs to be detected There's already at least one such feature in the form of CSS.supports: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSS/support... If you're going to call out something in particular, you'd think it'd be the weapons deals instead of investments in Twitter, Uber and so on. Feels like this might have been slanted this way just so they'd have something to put in the "Technology" category on the website. I'm sure that happens, but 20 billion a month is around 7700 requests per second, for presumably quite a few companies. It seems high, but not exaggeratedly so. But, that's correct, people shouldn't trust what they find on Google. There are plenty of topics you can search in Google and get mostly false claims in the top results. Even if Google was perfect, the problem is that behavior is desirable sometimes for users. Most people searching about bigfoot probably want a bunch of bigfoot sightings or conspiracy theory stuff, not "no, there probably isn't a bigfoot". Occasionally you'll see online harassment shift once they have something they perceive as more damaging to use. Example I saw in the past was all the harassment shifted to mockery about dead child after son died. I'm afraid that, at least some of the time, people are just trying to be as hurtful as possible. The sexism and rape comments are often just what they think is most hurtful. The point of encryption is often just to prevent people from walking off with hard disks and getting at the data. Remember that companies often have backups managed by 3rd parties. Up until quite late, metallurgy was more experimentation and experience than scientific practice. If they'd decently understood their materials, there probably wouldn't have been so many people injured or killed by exploding boilers. If you genuinely only use the phone features of the phone, that doesn't matter anywhere near as much. You only need to update if someone finds something like a text messaging buffer overflow. That sort of thing generally makes the news these days. > Interpretive dance may not be in demand, but the competencies that liberal arts majors emphasize — writing, synthesis, problem solving — are sought after by employers This sort of analysis always seems a bit silly. So sought after that they struggle to get hired? If you reduce what's being learned to an extremely generic term like "problem solving", it stops being meaningful. Every major should be learning "problem solving", so of course any employer is going to check the box on your skills survey to mark it as a desired skill. Probably because the people who devote their lives to charity, and the people who devote their lives to earning billions of dollars don't have a lot of overlap? The exceptions tend to people who start businesses with a charity focus, or who retire and need something to do. Even during the wars with the French and Americans, the Vietnamese were quite wary of China. They knew the westerners would leave, but China would always threaten them. Nothing? Even ignoring the fact that humans can't generate a powerful enough signal to respond, it's probably going to be several thousand years for them to get the response. They'll likely be far more interested in claiming the achievement of discovering the signal, than concocting a response. This sort of assumes that the suckers eventually realize they were suckered. I don't have that much confidence in people's ability to do that. The bigger problem, mentioned in the comments, is that these seem to require you to prove you're not a robot, by failing to follow instructions in a similar way to most other humans. Do those tiny street signs or vehicles in the background count? It seems most people don't include them, so you have to do the same if you want to get through. No they aren't. Half of my university classes weren't following anything I could review in advance, and a number of them tested on things that only appeared in lecture. I had a single class where the professor handed us a sheet of paper with all the reading and assignments in advance. It was wonderful. It does provide a source, if you click on the anchor for the cost, which seems to be the basis for the whole article given that the summary sounds so similar: https://www.penguin.co.uk/books/184573/thrive/ I'm sure that number conveniently omits continuing costs, and provides no standard for what effective means. Certifications and licenses certainly exist, but proof of their effectiveness often does not. You, after all, do need to hire the people who failed to find out if it works, which tends to be unpopular. If you can produce a demonstratably effective test for filtering out incompetent or low productivity employees, people will bury you in cash at you without hesitation. Unfortunately, adding a bunch of people probably can't get the result you want. Imagine adding nodes to a fully connected graph (complete graph). The number of edges grows exponentially. That's sort of how congress, or any meeting, is. Each additional person adds a burden to the communication and negotiation costs. As a result of that, and the fact that a party is most powerful if they always vote as a block, you see a tendency to vest power in party leadership (majority/minority leaders), or committee leaders. Adding a bunch of extra people would presumably amplify that. Probably because that would be illegal. They do hire plenty of people without law degrees for support roles that don't require it, so presumably they've already decided it's not a useful discriminator for those roles. Freedom from what, exactly? Clearly the government has made databases with citizen information, just poor ones. Why would a higher quality database where the key was some national ID number deprive you of freedom? > They are a software based business of course they can and will turn a profit. They're vetting people, and having them do labor on their behalf. Regardless of how the law defines an employee, they're effectively hiring a huge amount of labor. They're completely unlike most software firms who can sell licenses or ads with no human involvement. > They are doing this, primarily, with software. Not really, no, or at least no more than ordinary companies like Target, where they also have you apply on a website. They're paying people to do background checks, vehicle confirmation, and so on. Not sure that's an accurate comparison. We make the English majors do a ton of writing, the art majors produce a lot of art, and no one seems to have any issue assigning a lists of problems to math majors as homework. I suspect there is just a cultural issue, where the CS faculty doesn't want to do that style of teaching. I had a professor hand out debugging assignments because that was part of the industry feedback they'd gotten, but only the one professor listened to the feedback. Probably not with an environment variable, but you can always replace the java executable with another executable that adds an option like -Xbootclasspath. I'm a little suspicious they created a situation with a lack of emotional attachment to the toys, because of a short duration. Many kids seem to glob onto one or two toys as their favorite, prompting complaints from parents that they don't play with the new toy they got them. A lot of kids seem to end up with an extremely dirty and damaged doll that they loved to death. > in the West As is usually the case, you might as well leave that off. Most of the world has moved into cities. So basically, the people who look like "generic white guy" or whatever are going to get hounded by the police. Great. At least they can probably escape attention by gaining a lot of weight, growing a beard, or smoking and drinking lot to cause skin damage. Just seems like pedantry? Poetic statements and sayings are generally not supposed to be taken literally. People were not encouraging you to avoid asking questions. > When I first moved from the U.S., it all seemed fantastically romantic. Old wooden houses without insulation? That’s “traditional culture.” A family of four in an apartment the size of an American kitchen? Efficient use of space. I kind of have trouble parsing this post, as I'm not sure if it's the author's own romanticizing of things, or someone Japanese is telling them this. Engineers, like most professions, contain all the diversity of humanity. The only filter is that the portion of the populace that couldn't attain that level of education, or who can't hold onto a job, aren't included. Sure, there's some commonality in that it's a group that has been exposed to a certain form of thinking, but if you asked people to write their thoughts on solving the poverty problem, I seriously doubt you'd be able to identify the engineers from what they wrote. This is giving their grants far too much credit. > When we apply net neutrality principles of the 2015 regulatory framework to wireless networks, such proposed equal treatment of all network traffic could have the unintended effect of interfering with the quality of our communications Choosing to bash an imaginary law instead of a real one, but not being particularly clear about that. My uncle in Texas had to deal with the transgender pronoun bit while doing IT contracting work (for an oil company I believe). It's not as-if these issues only pop up in California. There are plenty of people in the bay area that have more conservative values, if for no other reason than that tons of people move here. Nothing particularly bad seems to happen. And then everyone stops being an employee to become a tax free one person contracting company, with car, home office, and anything else they can think of, considered business expenses. Sure, but unless you have tax inspectors following the entire population around and security cameras in their home, you're never going to be able to enforce that, as demonstrated by people already doing this sort of scheme. It's easier to just disincentivize it in the first place. > The Venezuelan government has used food to keep the Socialists in power, critics say. Before recent elections, people living in government housing projects said they were visited by representatives of their local Socialist community councils — the government-aligned groups that organize the delivery of boxes of cheap food — and threatened with being cut off if they did not vote for the government. It does, however, directly badmouth the Socialists. Assuming they started right away, that's one prosecution every 23 days or so. That's a pretty impressive pace for a single prosecutor and her assistants. There was some kidnapping, terrorism, artillery fire and missile launches in those 60 years. Not exactly what most people would call "zero conflicts". It's not particularly hard to get some software people. You may notice they've trained and hired enough people to run their nuclear program. That's a lot harder than cobbling together some software exploits. The networking side is doable, but there is usually no way to reverse engineer things like monster AIs that ran server side. Which, in turn, has resulted in people learning to automatically skip several paragraphs of text, much like how people skip the intro portions of YouTube videos. If we're going to allow impractical solutions, just freeze the coffee. > Evidence is mounting that that the world is no longer fascinated with Silicon Valley That would be absolutely great. I'm rather tired of the excessive media focus. Probably not. There's about 900 million passengers a year in the US ( https://www.rita.dot.gov/bts/press_releases/bts018_16 ), so if you assume a 15 minute wait, you can estimate number of lifetimes lost in line: ((((900,000,000 * 15) / 60) / 24) / 365.25) / 78.74 = 325.98. Not to say we should have no security, but I suspect we're past the point of doing more harm than good. > I find Protobuf does very well as a better JSON I assume this was for their ad bidding? I recall they sent JSON with a ridiculous number of integers for the arrays representing audience segments. > With the help of Silicon Valley providers, AI could be trained to detect abusive images "within two-three years", Mr Stokes said. If the goal is to get something so high quality that the police won't ever have to look at it, I doubt it. You have Google and Facebook employing people to deal with user reports about this stuff, as well as ad companies manually checking websites. I've always been a bit curious if it was worth the cost in larger stores. You sometimes notice that it's quiet in some areas because they weren't willing to install enough speakers for full coverage. The intro example here is a bit confusing. It seems to suggest that the student was less educated than the others, but presumably he had roughly the same education level as the other new students. He just came from a poor background, and had an accent. That seems more like conventional class discrimination. I suspect Einstein might be "remembered" due to use of his name as a word: "He's no Einstein". Already plenty of people saying his name who don't know anything about the man, or his ideas. Probably only Washington, and possibly Lincoln will be remembered by anyone but historians. There are far too many world leaders in 1000 years for anyone to care, unless it's some pivotal point in history. That happens sometimes, and other times it doesn't. Not many people know the word gadget is from the builder of the statue of liberty, but the word hasn't dropped out of usage. There are plenty of lingering names from people and ethnic groups that have been forgotten by most. Expectations aren't about what you prefer, it's about what other people want you to do. There are definitely women encouraging their daughters to pick someone wealthier. You don't need polygamy to produce an enormous number of offspring. You just have to chose to produce as many children as possible, across more than one generation: http://www.nytimes.com/2010/02/21/nyregion/21yitta.html All sorts of bitter griping in response. They are doing exactly what you suggest: https://www.afdc.energy.gov/data/10302 There seems to be no shortage of prosecutions for people smuggling cigarettes, or avoiding the taxes. It's not a US vs Europe thing. There have been past incidents with Korean websites asking what city you were born in, and since the Seoul area has half the population, that worked for roughly half the users. What a human can manually generate with pen and pencil is usually a fairly trivial. Look back a few decades and people used to have shelves full of manuals and binders full of product specs. The cubicle designs are totally different now, partly because we don't have all that printed stuff to deal with. More a consequence of the schools happily trading teaching quality for research prestige. And for sports prestige, of course. Isn't the temperature of the chemistry the issue? Your body can't heat up to forge temperatures without catching fire. The inventions we care about today are only useful to a certain sort of society, and it took a long time for that to emerge. Imagine you're in a jungle with your tribe. You basically have plants, animals and rocks with which to make stuff. You live marginally, and people sometimes die from starvation. Your tribe migrates, meaning you have to carry everything you need with you. If you happened to figure out some metal working, it's probably not worth doing. Your tribe can't set up a mine, and gathering fuel is a huge effort. Realistically, that sort of thing probably needs an agricultural society that can afford to feed people who aren't farmers. You might not have missed as much as you think, as I tried this with my grandmother. She actually insisted on telling us the family history. Unfortunately, the moment I started asking deeper questions like "And where was he during the war?" she didn't know, even for close relatives. I basically got her story. My father made her sit down and tell us who the people in the photographs she had were, writing in the names on the pages they were glued to. She got about 50% of them, but given the bias toward more photos close family members, I think she could only identify about 25-30% of the people. I think we've just hit the "give up" point in some areas. Even if you can find the money, you have to question who is benefiting, as you end up helping out these employers who offer low pay and benefits. The SF bay area seems to have finally hit that point where the restaurants and so on are being forced to raise their wages because they can't hire people, and that generally seems like a good thing. It's better if the wages reflect the costs. The US has its faults, but it didn't invent crime, corruption or stupidity. And there is no corporate interest that wants mass killings and kidnappings. You may notice the US is full of guns despite a lower crime rate. That's clearly the model they want, as they keep lobbying to maintain it. Very high crime rates are likely a problem from their point of view, as it tends to lead to weapons restrictions. They're rich because they have a large organization capable of carrying out organized crime. They're also do extortion, kidnapping, pimping, and anything else they can think of to make money. If you gave people the offer of "you have to let companies search through your financial details, but you'll get more free mobile games", how many people do you think would take you up on it? I'm sure some would, but it'd hardly be popular. Stuff like this comes about organically. No one held a big meeting and decided the internet would be funded by privacy invading ads. The ad ecosystem just shifted that way over time due to competition. I'm sure this is technically possible, but it may never be practical. Much like human operators, you're going to want to drive the user down a certain path, because order is often extremely important. What if Dominoes doesn't have green peppers? What if they don't like the pizza brand? What if they're asking because they have a coupon? You may end up repeating sections of the conversation multiple times, and in the end the user will just end up so confused they give up. It does say they predicted it, so this is "scientists find result everyone expected". > Dr. Reiss said the timing of the emergence of self-recognition is significant, because in human children the ability has been tied to other milestones of physical and social development. Since dolphins develop earlier than humans in those areas, the researchers predicted that dolphins should show self-awareness earlier. The metaphor is backward actually. The Nazis transitioned to gassing and extermination camps because the leadership saw first hand the psychological problems of having ordinary people commit mass murder, not because it was cheap. It was probably far more expensive. Think of all the war time train and supply usage. > During a visit to Minsk in August 1941, Himmler witnessed an Einsatzgruppen mass execution first-hand and concluded that shooting Jews was too stressful for his men. By November he made arrangements for any SS men suffering ill health from having participated in executions to be provided with rest and mental health care. He also decided a transition should be made to gassing the victims, especially the women and children, and ordered the recruitment of expendable native auxiliaries who could assist with the murders. Gas vans, which had been used previously to kill mental patients, began to see service by all four main Einsatzgruppen from 1942. However, the gas vans were not popular with the Einsatzkommandos, because removing the dead bodies from the van and burying them was a horrible ordeal. Prisoners or auxiliaries were often assigned to do this task so as to spare the SS men the trauma. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Einsatzgruppen#Transition_to_g... If you Google "warehousing apartments", you'll see quite a few stories. Remember that renters can block your ability to convert the property to something else, as you can't instantly evict them, so the value of the property can be higher the more empty apartments there are. In cities where there are businesses on the bottom floors, and apartments above, they sometimes only rent out the business spaces, as they lack the same level of legal protection from short term evictions. The auto mechanic can't really ask for permission to use a fire extinguisher if the car catches fire either. No one minds if there are common sense exceptions. They exist becaude the government has created rules to try to force health insurance to be a national health system: companies are encouraged or forced to buy insurance for employees, the healthy are forced to subsidize the sick and elderly, and insurance must cover most treatments. There are other non-insurance interventions like forcing hospitals to provide emergency care. There is a big difference between gathering information and active sabotage. Even allies tend to spy on each other somewhat. The poor get conned the most, but it's done in bulk to make it worthwhile. Scam emails, phone calls, TV priests, and so on. You'd probably lose money if you scammed them one at a time. If you're a local mayor or something, that might work. Above that level you need the press to communicate it, and they won't bother communicating your carefully thought out message. At best you get a one sentence sound bite. I went and read some Obama speeches back in my university days. Some of them were quite well thought out, but they mostly got zero press coverage. And that's at the presidential level. > This is standard in any major tech company. His behavior and abhorrent and there is no excuse. I work at one of those "major tech companies", and I can assure you that people call things garbage with regularly. Why would you want that? I mean it. Why should your employer pick your health care, returement savings, or life insurance choices? Even if the best case where they act if your best interest, you have to deal with all your benefits changing when you change jobs. Even if we want to preserve people's independence, we all tend to go blind (and deaf) eventually. As people get older, there will inevitably be a larger population that needs to be driven. I thought of creating a fix myself way back, and the issue was that Go made use of system calls directly. You basically have to re-implement posix_spawn in Go. If you look at their change, it includes updates to chipset specific files, and the fix only seems to work on a CPU that reports as amd64. Because a lot of companies pay costs on products they don't control. A company like Netflix generally has to store their movie files in multiple different formats to support all the various different devices that are out there. If they want to improve the format, they need everyone else on board. Because everyone who could make that change already switched to Java, Python, and other options instead. > “But if you go to Silicon Valley dressed like that,” he explains, “they’ll be like, this guy is a suit, he doesn’t dress like a tech person. That matters. The meeting is over.” Odd how people in suits keep seeming to meet with our CEO then. I guess they all get kicked out? Poor guys. > Taxi's don't scale in an urban environment. You mean, cars don't scale in an urban environment. The limits on the number of taxis is typically to force up the cost so the taxi drivers could make more, not to improve traffic. If you have a currency backed by some good, you need to be able to exchange the currency for the good. How would it work? There's no consistent price of energy, as it depends on the cost to get it to you and the local method of generation. I suppose you could give them batteries, but now you're back to tying it to a physical good, one which has some irritating problems like toxicity and losing the charge over time. You're probably better off choosing some arbitrary material that's in demand, which is how gold and silver got into use. > Over time, your production staging and dev all become entirely heterogeneous. I've found that this is simply the reality, excepting test-only environments. Developers need to be able to run the applications out of an IDE, compiled with special instrumentation, or whatever else they need to do. It's not possible to support every combination of what they need. Also, there's some significant developer overhead sometimes. I had another team give me a set of VMs for their product, so I could test a new config. It was great in that it was just like production, but not so great in that it was just like production. How do I log into these VMs? How does authentication work? Where are things located on the VMs? How do I generate an updated VM? You end up having to train everyone in dev ops, because you've handed them a copy of production. > That pulse was emitted long ago from the distant pulsar and then spread outward through space. If you knew the exact time was when it was first emitted and the exact time you had received it, you’d be able to deduce how long it had been flying through space. Dividing by the speed of light would provide you with a measurement of your distance from the pulsar. Am I missing something here? It doesn't seem like you can know the time emitted if you don't know your position. Ahh, I missed that it was a large set of spheres. Thanks. Which is why I started that with "If you have a currency backed by some good". I picture kids yelling and hitting each other to get what they want, but I guess that's a form of scheming and group allegiances. You have to be realistic about what you expect here. Suppose it takes you 1/100th of the time it took them to write the code to understand it. Some of these projects have had hundreds of people working on them for years. It may take you months to get a basic grasp of things. At my current company it often takes 6 months for experienced people to become productive, and that's with a helping hand. IDEs are nice, but grep remains the best tool. You tend to need to find things in XML files and config as well. One would imagine they could see the frown on your face, without needing to press a button to show the current state of what you're feeling. Gathering together phone theft data, and the patriot act don't seem to have much in common. I kind of doubt the conservatives will come for them. They're often allies, even if they don't like to admit being friends with unions. The only evil the current Republican party seems interested in banishing from the world is Democrats. As to the contact list being some random list of names, I've noticed companies seem to go through this sequence: 1) We get more engagement if people add more friends to the product! Repeatedly nudge them to add ALL their friends! 2) Wow, people have a ton of friends they aren't interested in. People don't seem to know how to manage their friends list. Let's automatically pick what to show them. Unfortunately, the repetition is probably intentional. It's like the old idea of constantly playing the company jingle. They hope to bludgeon the product into your brain through brute force. I'm sure it raises "brand awareness" measurements, at the cost of making people hate them. Presumably they're making noise to get them to improve price, quality or both. Or possibly hoping that companies elsewhere will approach them with other offers. I suspect you're making the usual mistake of assuming the vocal people are representative. Most of the users post nothing, and many of the rest post very little. The people you see posting (you and I included) are weird. Betting against the product choices of wierd people is probably at least somewhat effective as an investment strategy. Odd that I remember him pushing to increase their budget then: http://www.govexec.com/management/2016/02/obama-would-hike-i... In general, it does seem true that Republicans haven't been interested in funding the IRS, even though they seem to believe testimony that more funding would increase government income. The reason people were surprised is because they did listen to the voters. Look at all the conservative religious voters voted for Trump, despite him being nothing like what they describe as an ideal candidate, and often believing he's been unfaithful to his wife or lying about his religious beliefs. People often don't know what they want, or have reasons to lie about it. Talking to people about what they want is often ineffective. It's been heading the same direction. There have been a number of artists that pulled out after the Taylor Swift bit, and the Beetles albums are still iTunes only due to an exclusive deal. You'll see there are quite a few bitter complaints online: https://community.spotify.com/t5/Content-Questions/WHY-do-yo... You're right, it seems they only ran some things exclusively temporarily: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Beatles_Bootleg_Recordings... Paintings aren't painted by humans, they're painted by paint brushes. Therefor, they are not art. That statement is ridiculous on the surface, but humans have always used tools and machines to produce art, which have gotten more and more sophisticated over time. No matter what machine is used, there's still a human designing the thing. There's no magical cutoff where you can say "This was not produced by a human". It's just that the degree of indirection has increased over time. There are usually less dramatic fixes like changing all the array accesses to be checked, or putting pages that will trigger a fault around the buffers that the library uses, and handling the fault hitting those buffers generates. I suspect it's more likely it will turn into a joke. If I tell you you're at risk of 1 or 2 types of cancer, you might worry. If I give you a list of 800 things you're at risk of, you'll either ask your doctor, or glance at the results and ignore it. > Just having a Facebook account that you “don’t use” allows a massive amount of value (from an advertisers perspective) to be unlocked. Increasingly, this is not the case: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-facebook-belgium/facebook... You can make the "just getting started" argument for just about any company. What you describe does not seem to require the involvement of Facebook. It doesn't even seem to require cameras. Just ask them to swipe their credit card to start using the automated ordering system. What seems to happen in practice is the parents end up asking the teachers why they're teaching that way, and the teachers can't actually explain it. Obviously, the parents don't walk away impressed. > Buffett makes no secret of his fondness for monopoly. And yet it's apparently a "Dirty Secret". Given the diversity of items in Japanese vending machines, this effectively already exists. It's just that it's in a classic store layout. > Banks don’t want private account details (like the user’s current balance and credit limits etc) being seen by anybody other than the account holder. Unless it's an in-person interaction, a face has little security value, because it's not a secret. Getting a photo, or even full motion video of someone often just requires finding their Instagram page. If students are missing multiple months of school, I doubt they're going to show up for a tutor. My university offered free tutoring, and nudged the struggling students toward it. Most of them never showed. Of course, many of them were skipping the normal classes, so not too much surprise in that case. Suppose you publicly admit you're failing to educate most of the students. Do you see yourself likely to survive the next school board election? But you might coast through those elections on a happy lie. Particularly if you make the papers by getting everyone admitted to university. Showing ads, even when you seem to be at a stop, would be far too much of a liability issue. People would get distracted at a stop sign, or when waiting to make a turn. You'd end up paying for half the world's fender benders. You can still get a doctor to show up at your house. It just costs a lot, so people don't. "One of the most common uses of Amazon’s Echo is to set a kitchen timer." Truly worth the money. I suspect the greatest value of these things is that they seem like nice gifts. The same thing seems true of the cheaper drones. While there is a subset of people who are quite bothered by minor typos and grammar errors, most people read right over them. Which is fortunate given that I type into this site in my phone. Poor reading comprehension is much more of an issue. Even assuming reading happens is a generous assumption given how often people clearly only read the headlines of stories. It's fairly normal for terms to have different academic and non-academic usage. There is a reason so many surveys define terms. And? It's normal for words to drift in meaning over time. You have to deal with the reality of language, not "how it's supposed to be". I can agree with you all I want, but it doesn't change anything. They will still believe it means whatever they think it means. Awful used to mean awe inspiring, which is clearly what it says, but now means terrible. I'm sure people pointed out that meaning was wrong at the time. This is kind of the opposite of what I've seen? The discount grocers often have people buying huge quantities of stuff. Some of which is probably attributable to having a single car for the household. It's a fairly common phenomenon to see immigrant households doing better than the American-born population, despite the obvious hurdles of no savings and not speaking English. Every time the census data gets published, you tend to see a few articles pop up about it: http://www.nytimes.com/2006/10/01/nyregion/01census.html Jevon's paradox probably only applies to some types of power usage. Industrial consumers will certainly consume more if its cheap, but a more efficient toaster doesn't mean I'll get two toasters, or toast more often. I already have more toaster capacity than I'd ever need. Everyone would just change the description of their Patreon page to be "Support me so I can bake delicious cupcakes" or something else unrelated to the videos. We are supposed to set annual goals/metrics, but don't know what we're doing 3 months out. This was also the case at previous company. Pointing out the task is impossible doesn't seem to bother management. Success Factors seems to make half its income from this sort of thing, so I assume it's trendy. There is a process managers are supposed to follow for promotions, which is good on paper, but it's pretty clear managers only do the paperwork steps of that and pick based on their own criteria. The one aspect of that that seems to function well is managers get nudged about people who haven't been promoted in a while. Usual funding issues with promotions, but I think that's true everywhere. They'd need a mechanism to squeeze them though. That doesn't seem to exist in this case, at least not in a reliable way. The Dr Dobbs shutdown doesn't seem to be related to Google blocking them, just that their ad income was too low to keep it going. While it's clearly not genuinely discriminatory to filter people based on math skills, this is something that gets pushed internally at some companies by the people they hire to improve their diversity. They see that the people they "want to hire" can't pass some standard so they call it discriminatory. It's an easy way for them to show "success". My father was accused of being "anti-Microsoft" sometime in the early 90s, because he kept pushing for cheaper alternatives. He was writing Windows books at the time, so he ended up bringing in a book to show them. A lot of this purchasing is purely "cover your ass" thinking. Going with IBM, Microsoft or Oracle won't get you fired. > That is exactly sexism – the subtle, insidious kind that us men tend not to even notice Suppose there is a group of girls at a high school is approached by a single guy that doesn't know them. What is the odds of being welcomed into the conversation without any questioning looks? At least at the high school I went to, it'd pretty low odds. As a consequence, guys learned not to do that. That stuff carries forward, even if the situation has changed somewhat. You have a population of men trying to be polite. They're not going to approach groups that have given them negative feedback before, because they don't want to be a jerk. Kindly think a little deeper into what you're reading instead of leaping to insult people. There is a difference between explaining why people do things and approving of it? I was literally explaining why the "insidious" sexism existed. I even quoted what I wanted to elaborate on. One thing that bothers me is that fact that STEM degrees are consistently more difficult. Sure, there's a lot to learn, and the amount has increased as we've moved forward, but the same should be true of an English major. There has been an explosion of writing and more than ever to learn about. It feels like we must be letting the liberal arts majors down by setting lower expectations. That seems unlikely. The energy cost of flying is always going to be higher. You do, after all, need to move upward. Are the nitrites particularly risky versus the alternatives? I recall the world health organization warning about basically all forms of red meat and cured meat: http://www.who.int/features/qa/cancer-red-meat/en/ That's true in the case of English, but some of the "easy" majors tend to include things like business and teaching, where you directly get responsibility for other people. If the knowledge has value, we should be trying to cram it in, but we don't. > places very low (or maybe no) value on cultural preservation. All the cultures that exist today will die, no matter what actions we take today. People see cultural continuation, but if we hopped in a time machine and went back 100 years, none of us would fit in. I understand the urge to preserve things we appreciate, but it's not possible to preserve living things. To succeed or fail at something, you have to have a goal you were trying to meet. If you're confused about this, I can only assume you don't know what your goals are. If the only way we can succeed is at the expense of others, maybe you should consider failure. The big firms tend to have fairly involved campaigns that are a mix of mediums TV, radio, billboard, internet, and so on. Creating the art and media for those, and setting it all up isn't exactly trivial. > "Over the next 10 years, he said, we need to attract almost 900,000 new people to the industry. The pay of truckers has, in inflation adjusted terms, shrunk by more than half since the 80s. They mostly need to bring in more people because their turnover is ridiculous. Time zones don't fix the issue of knowing a good time for something. You have to look up your different offsets and then math it out, which is exactly what you'd do even if the time zones didn't exist. We have a decent error rate. People go searching for their car keys, or some item in the fridge, and will overlook what they're looking for multiple times, and then suddenly they notice it and feel like an idiot. Rather than anthropomorphizing the AI, it's more like expecting superhuman qualities. People overlook objects in their rear view mirror all the time, but the expectation for the AI is that it will never make that mistake. I suppose a devious vine dresser is possible, but I assumed from that snippet that the daughter just left. There's always been an issue of people leaving elderly or sick family because they no longer want to take care of them. Sure, just never do your homework, skip class, get expelled, get arrested, etc. Industrial capacity moved to China from all over, and even happened for not particularly polluting industries like assembling shoes. US pollution controls clearly weren't the primary cause. > This is important because the narrative also defines our sense of political possibility. The thesis rests on this assumption, but I kind of doubt that people base their political beliefs on how early agricultural societies ordered themselves. If someone feels they aren't capable of handling harassment issues, they're probably correct. Handing off the job to someone incapable does seem like an issue. In general, telling an organization they need a process for something doesn't work out unless they genuinely buy into the idea. It tends to result in a bunch of process documents getting written, but no practical changes to how things are run. Most of us solve it by not visiting the political subreddits. At least where I am, Little Ceasars doesn't even do delivery, although it seems they have a Doordash partnership of some kind. The focus seems to be on having the lowest price. I wouldn't particularly feel better if the person who murdered and ate me felt a sense of reverence for me. This is why I dislike the phrase conspiracy theory at times. Having a theory about a conspiracy due to some sort of evidence, is of course perfectly valid. The real "conspiracy theories" tend not only to be against evidence, but also aren't things real human organizations are capible of pulling off. I can tell you that if a UFO really landed at a US military base, it would be on 20 different Facebook pages within an hour, secrecy be damned. Let alone keeping the thing secret for decades. I've thought about doing something similar before, but wikipedia is oriented toward summary, not to convince people who are dubious of some "mainstream" truth. If you want to, say, convince someone that is watching Holocaust denial videos that it did happen, I'd actually dig into some past reddit or forum discussions. Some people have gotten rather experienced at refuting this kind of thing sussinctly, and you may as well borrow from them. Yep, will almost certainly result in extortion. Take over someone's Weibo account, threaten to destroy their social score, demand payment. Or just the usual identity theft to get fines mailed to another address so they go unpaid. You can't engineer this sort of thing away. A business that gets 1000 of these letters will have to hire someone to handle it, regardless of how good a job they did designing things. I'm kind of glad this sort of thing didn't exist when I was in high school. I'd have "borrowed" a teacher's ipad and started searching for child porn on their browser. When I was in high school, my history teacher complained that he wrote down "caracas" (the city) as his password on some form for the IT people, but they entered his password as "carcass", assuming that he'd spelled the word wrong. Which, of course, meant that he'd told an entire class his password. The company hardly shut its doors after Jobs died. They're pulling in over $200 billion a year, after all. > This new world driven by the constant emphasis on differences rather than on commonalities is exhausting, frankly. Where "new" is "pretty much all of human history". I'm not sure homogeneity would even be in SF, given the ethnic and cultural mix. I've heard this gripe but seen little evidence of it. The bay area has plenty of Republicans. They've probably just noticed people click on them. Media companies often flagrantly copy each other once they see an article theme succeeds in getting readers. Fallout 4 probably set a limit for how many polygons an object could be because the scenes had to support hundreds. Reducing debt is equivalent to accumulating wealth. Your wealth increases as the debt goes down. Craigslist, due to its success, became the target that all the activists complained about. If the dating sites are next probably depends on what new target those same activists pick, because it seems unlikely they'll ever be content with their legislative victories. They failed to stop the crime they were trying to stop, but did ruin something else, so the government's actions were a net negative. Are you at fault if you just make things worse? I suspect most people would say yes. Governments have a long history of enforcing laws in ways that harm everyone but the criminals they were trying to stop. You shouldn't expect people to be pleased. They're delegating creating the detailed regulations to the courts. When some court rules that something is acceptable, or unacceptable, you'll know what the "real" rule is. Another approach some countries have taken is to have laws cite some set of government regulations, which some part of the government is supposed to update. That tends to be even messier as the courts still get involved, but at least you get faster updates. I wouldn't classify living in an RV as "homeless". Lots of people do that and just pick up mail in a post office box. There are people near me living on boats, because the monthly slip fees are cheaper than rent. That doesn't make them homeless or poor. Plenty of companies have some scheme where you have to "pay" for some internal service from your team/organization budget. If teams are paying for something it's easy to justify keeping it. Civ 3 had pollution, and managing it created a number of complaints: https://forums.civfanatics.com/threads/an-option-to-turn-off... Civ 4 had global warming, and it annoyed people enough they hacked the game to get rid of it: https://forums.civfanatics.com/threads/global-warming.145922... People already complain the games are too complex. If you add a bunch of knobs for various forms of pollution and exploration, you'd just get thousands of requests to turn it all off. Trying to inflame it. I haven't seen any evidence it was effective. It's not as if there was a shortage of outrage on Facebook or Tumblr. As much as I want to credit python, I doubt that was the cause. It's typically far easier to ship a new feature at a small company, because there's no bureaucracy, no wait for QA, no need to translate text into 20 languages, etc. The interest payments on debt are almost always going to be larger than a "safe" investment would provide in returns, because the lenders need to make money somehow. Look at how much political heat Obama, and Clinton before him, got for attempting to fix things. The other political party was more than happy to tell their constituents that their health care would be ruined, and grandma would be denied care by a "death panel". Even though I don't like the ACA, I give Obama a lot of credit for trying. There is no political benefit to doing so. Surely you can point me to some sort of evidence of its effectiveness then? You're imagining reasonable behavior, but that's demonstrably not what's going on. We've all seen job ads that request more years of experience in a technology than the technology has existed. These are just number made up on the spot by people who can't be bothered to think about it. I would assume the issue was that they had to give these companies data in order to match up a facebook user with an ID in the third party systems. See, for example, BlueKai's integration documentation: https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/saas/data-cloud/dsmkt/integ... My parents have the 12 month "deal" expiration from Comcast on their calendar. Every time it expires, they call and say they want to cancel, causing another "deal" to happen. They fully expect it. It seems more likely that the people of Myanmar turned into a beast, and Facebook reflects that. It's not some fringe ideology. Everyone from politicians to monks have voiced their support for this. They can also send those messages with phone calls, SMS, ordinary mail, some guy yelling in the street, or whatever else. Facebook doesn't seem particularly worse than the other alternatives. The speech, falsely accusing someone of a crime, is illegal in the US, EU, and pretty much everywhere else. It's not exactly a free speech issue, at least in the conventional sense. Europe wrote the law in such a way that Google effectively has to act like a court, even though that's obviously problematic, and it has no interest in doing so. Sure, this seems a bit dubious, but they weren't exactly given a lot of guidance for handle these requests. I suspect they'd actually appreciate court rulings clarifying things. Obviously a hidden feature of OkCupid for matching security researchers. When it comes to the traditional problems of poverty such as malnourishment, freezing in the winter, lack of cloths or shoes, and so on, many countries have done quite well. Even fairly poor countries have had success there. The complaints coming out of the US are more about inequality than poverty, although people confuse the two issues (sometimes intentionally). > Sadly, this initial effort, while it worked, scaled incredibly poorly — even so-called "modern" operating systems like macOS 10.12 and Windows 8.1 simply melted or failed entirely when creating any non-trivial number of threads. (To me, creating 100 threads should be a no-brainer, especially if one limits the stack size appropriately. I’m used to be able to create thousands of threads without concern. Both work just fine with hundreds of threads, and both offer built in thread pools, for that matter. I have 345 processes running on OS-X right now. If you set an income standard, sure, it's relative, but you aren't "relatively" starving, or "relatively" infected with parasites because you have no shoes. Those are real problems that have nothing to do with how society choses to view innequality. Yes, I remember noticing how similar basic was to what you'd see in a math textbook. You'd expect to see a variable defined like "let x equal (whatever)", and basic just mimicked that: "LET X = 9". I haven't worked for that many companies, but every company I've worked for has fired a marketing department. Usually because they realized their marketing department was useless. Javascript can be as fast as C, but generally isn't in practice. For games, there is no practical portability benefit, as most of the game developers write things so that most of the game is common code that calls into some wrapper around the native phone APIs. > spend a year finding corruption, write it up in a day, 10 minutes later it's on AP. That's not exactly an internet related phenomenon. > I'm a film buff and I think so. A lot of people don't seem to go out of their way to obtain films aside from looking at Netflix recommendations. I suspect that's not Netflix's recommendations, but just having it added to Netflix. Anything new tends to get a lot of views, as people actively go through the "New" category. > Web protocols, smartphones, personal computers, encryption etc., all of this came from the military into Silicon Valley, not the other way around. While the low level protocols like TCP came out of DARPA, the web protocols like HTTP were all civilian. Neither personal computers or smartphones were military inventions. Modern encryption is sometimes traced to WW2, but cryptography is thousands of years old. Same old story. People rail against taxes, but want the things taxes pay for. I'm sure you could find someone making the same rant 150 years ago. Probably because she had excellent grades, and was very enthused at the start of the program. There's no magic way to determine, years in advance, that someone will become disenchanted with their career choices. > If you want to release a medical drug, you need to document - at molecular level - how the drug is built up. Not exactly workable for foods. Any meat or plant contains every chemical that made up what it was made from, plus every contaminant. We don't know what operations the brain is actually doing, so declaring that it is performing them efficiently is pure speculation. Similarly, the brain surely has limits to parallelism, for the same sorts of reasons a computer does. You only have one mouth, so if two parts of the brain tried to speak, fully parallelized, you'd get nonsense at best. They have to agree on what to say, which is effectively serialization. It doesn't matter what was factored into the speech, you still can't speak in parallel. It's not physically possible. At some point you need to get agreement as to what the output should be. I wouldn't expect people to make that choice when there are better options. If I wanted to get away from urban life, I'd go move next to a forest with hiking, or near a ski resort, not near miles and miles of endless farms. For the most part, your complaints are fixable by just splitting jobs into categories, and then only taking the highest paid in each category. But honestly, I don't think that's needed except for a few areas like translators. If a company truly needs someone, they're going to be willing to pay. > Not to mention it would drive down wages for American jobs. There are a fixed number of slots in the program. Requiring the highest paid employees take those slots would mean immigrant labor would be costlier.