Its because the robots.txt file is created by combining a static file ( https://github.com/wikimedia/operations-mediawiki-config/blo... ) with an on-wiki page so that different language wikipedias can manage the file themselves - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MediaWiki:Robots.txt In wikisyntax, starting a line with a space ensure's that its in a pre tag, so this was a way to make the onwiki page show the entire thing in a pre tag and not use normal formatting. This seems to be broken by actually starting a literal pre tag inside the first line, but I'm pretty sure this used to work as a way to display the entire thing in a pre tag. For the curious, the code generating the robots.txt file is at https://github.com/wikimedia/operations-mediawiki-config/blo... Wikipedia does have that https://haw.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ka_papa_kinohi In order for wikipedia's anyone can edit to work, its really important that when someone makes a bad edit to a popular article that it can be removed immediately. This is important both to get things fixed quickly and to make it less of a juicy target so less people vandalize (no fun to vandalize if it doesnt stay up). I suspect latency in the minutes for cache updates would be unaceptable to wikipedia users Yes but if someone replaces the picture on the trump article with goatse, and non power users get this version for 30 minutes until the cache clears - they are going to be pretty pissed and start yelling to power users & just generally cause a PR disaster. Additionally if vandals know their vandalism will stay for 30 min, they are much more likely to do it, which is a vicious cycle I took a latin class in uni. I think it did help a bit because it made me think about the syntactic structure intellectually, where my native tounge the syntax comes intuitively. Not saying it magically made me a super programmer or anything, but i feel like it certainly didnt hurt my programming skill. In canada, its common in a lot of places, but not universal. When I was growing up, we had K-8 in one school, and then 9-12 as high school, although I think my home town now has a middle school system. Its not an ad hominem. Its only an ad hominem if someone makes an unrelated personal attack against the source of an argument. The original argument was that these documents are suggestive of facebook corporate culture/evilness. A counter argument that the documents are cherry-picked by someone with a grudge (which may or may not be true) directly responds to the original claim that you can gleam a fair picture of facebook based on these documents. Thus it is not an ad hominem (that's not to say that it is necessarily a good argument) To do what precisely? Separate the advertisment unit from the socialnetwork aspects of the bussiness? How would that work, the advertisement portion is what generates revenue for the social media product. Usually companies get split up so they cant use their dominance in one area to forcibly move into another area. But advertisements in facebook social network isnt a separate product-its what the social network is selling Also fandom (aka wikia, aka wikicities) Although i agree he's had a lot of underwhelming projects, and i dont see anything particularly special with this one >“I believe the Canada companies … are managed in a way that the administrators simply declare annually NO-ACTIVITY. In other words, they cheat a bit,” So the trick to using canada as a tax haven, is to lie on your taxes? I feel like that approach also works in other countries And now we have https://wikidata.org Im saddened by the death of rss too, but i think its a lot to blame that soley on google. If the rss ecosystem was so weak, that shutting down a single rss client killed it, it couldn't have been long for this world anyways. You mean www.xn--faebook-vxa.com of course :P Wikipedia didnt use unicode originally, en, da, sv, nl language wikipedia all used windows-1252. This all changed somewhere around 2004 i think, but there is still legacy code to deal with edits from before the switchover point. I imagine the answer is, it kind of sucked but people made due the best they could with the limited allowed characters. Its not like IPA notation is a critical feature A main point of this seems to be that most projects on github are abandoned. What a stupid comparison. That would be like listing all the commercial projects that go out of bussiness, or dont even progress far enough to get funding in the first place, and saying closed source model is a failure because most closed source projects fail. If that was true, why did tags have that horrible hack where the contents started with For example, i consider greg egan (e.g. "Diaspora") and peter watts (e.g. "Blindsight") to be authors whose works are improved and excellent because they are hard sf. Which is not to say there arent plenty of bad hard sf novels out there, there are. There are also plenty of amazing "soft" sf too. Hard sf is just a different type of novel, with different benefits and weaknesses. Like any (sub) genere it can be amazing in the right hands and terrible in the wrong. > time travel, superluminal communication, or infinite energy aren't included You should read the "orthogonal" series by greg egan :) Seems like a lot of weirdly defensive people in this thread. But the essay doesnt really seem that revolutionary more common sense. If you want to make an impact, dont work in an oversaturated field. The low hanging fruit is probably already picked and other people will probably get there before you do. But you also dont want to work in a field nobody cares about as noone will care. Working on a problem with proven demand, but seems "boring" and hasn't changed much recently is a good bet, as there is probably new insights you can apply and new contexts that have appeared since last time there was a frenzy for that field. I don't see why writing an operating system and surounding tools in C++ is a crazy decision (I'm assuming you meant windows & desktop apps by saying microsoft). Certainly not in the early 90's, but if you have a big codebase of that already, sticking with it doesn't seem crazy to me. People make too much of a fuss over the differences between programming language. There are some important differences (whether or not memory safe is a big one, but it is hardly critical to a succful bussiness) but by and large the difference between using say php, python, etc for your program is superficial in the extreme. I somewhat suspect by the time something is "popular" it is, almost by definition, oversaturated. Its sort of like weird investment strategies (e.g. always buy stocks on mondays, or whatever I dont actually know anything about stocks). Sure some of them may work originally, but unless i am extremely well connected, by the time i hear about it, everyone else knows too and the market has corrected for it. Perhaps another metaphor is a gold rush. Even if there really is gold in those hills, if everyone knows there is, its probably already too late to go out and buy a shovel. That said, i agree that there is plenty of survivorship and hindsight bias when it comes to any advice on how to be succesful. Similarly, how many actual physicists actually seriously argue about interpretations of quantum mechanics? I'm not a physicist but i'm pretty sure its a thing more talked about by philosophers and the popular press than actual physicists. Not that there is anything wrong with philosophizing and inquiring into metaphysical questions. > Would you also have viewed Einstein as just a medieval philosopher back in his day ? Einstein's theories were a response to experiments and known facts of the day, that didn't fit the current theoretical models. Sure plenty of it was difficult to test at the time (and still is in some ways when it comes to human scale. How many people do you know that have actually experianced human scale time dialation?) but its not like it was some castle in the sky totally divorced from the observable reality of the day. Additionally even for predictions that weren't practically testable immediately, they were still testable theoretically given enough engineering effort. There is a big difference between not yet knowing how to test something, and not even knowing what you would test if resources/effort were no issue. The nytimes article you linked has the quote: > But what is the wave function? Is it a complete and comprehensive representation of the world? Or do we need additional physical quantities to fully capture reality, as Albert Einstein and others suspected? Or does the wave function have no direct connection with reality at all, merely characterizing our personal ignorance about what we will eventually measure in our experiments? Isn't this really just asking about scientific realism? Couldnt you say the same thing about any scientific concept? Instead of "what is the wave function", why not "what is an atom". I suspect the main difference is that earlier physical theories had a direct analogy to real life events. We could tell a story about the billard ball model of atoms and we can imagine that in our heads. I have no idea how to imagine a superposition of states. Without the ability to analogize it, i suspect humans intuitively assume its wrong. But lack of imagination hardly seems like a logical reason to reject something. On the other hand, the question of how/when/why (non-metaphysically) a superposition collapses into a single state, seem much more scientific, and that part of the measurement problem seems like a worthy target of scientific investigation. Disclaimer: iana physicist nor really know anything beyond basics about quatum mechanics. The conclusion i'd draw is that alcohol is complex and has good and bad aspects. Some scientists study the good parts, other the bad Fun fact though, photoshop used to be available for solaris http://www.erimez.com/misc/Photoshop_Sun_Brochure.pdf Interesting. But it seems like it would add a lot of attack surface if all these things are within the secure enclave. This is not trure. Provincial powers are not delegated by the federal government. The canadian constitution lists certain powers the provinces have and certain powers the federal gov has, with basically anything unmentioned being federal. The federal government doesnt just decide willy nilly what is being delegated to the provinces. The lieutenant governor doesnt serve under the governor general-they just have different spheres of influence . In provincial matters the lieutenant-governor represents the queen, not the governor general. This is canada we are talking about not britian or anywhere else. There is a written constitution (there are also unwritten parts of the constitution but that is beside the point). The written constitution lays out the powers of different levels of government. https://www.canada.ca/en/intergovernmental-affairs/services/... Inparticular to quote the gov of canada website: >"For example, the federal Trade and Commerce power (s. 91(2)) has been interpreted to mean that Parliament can regulate trade generally in Canada, as well as the flow of trade across provincial or international borders, but cannot regulate the operation of particular industries, businesses or professions within provinces. The provincial power over Property and civil rights (s. 92(13)) gives provinces the authority to regulate trade and commerce within their respective territory." I think the joke is, that canada wanted strong federal government and weak provinces and ended up with the opposite. USA wanted strong states and weak fed, but ended up with opposite.* *IANA political scientist, i dont know how true this actually is. I think everyone knows what we want to build (A large-scale quantum error corrected device that we can run shors algorithm, etc on). But we are nowhere remotely near that so we have to argue over much less impressive milestones (not that what google did isn't impressive, it is. Just far off from our quantum dreams) Asking the liklihood is kind of the wrong question. The problem with sha-1 is the possibility that a malicious person could intentionally make two files with the same hash (in order to do evil). The probability of this happening if someone decides to do it and has sufficient resources to pull it off, is 1. The probability of it happening accidentally hasn't changed and is so small it might as well be 0. Every lottery is garunteed to have a winner. Doesnt mean i wouldnt be excited if i won the jackpot Lol, i wonder if this is the first example of someone using the inverse of the length extension attack to trick people Perhaps not a "positive" story, but legit dmcas do happen from time to time and seem reasonable enough to me (or at least reasonable enough in a world with copyrights). For example look at this list of dmca notices against wikipedia that wmf actually thought were valid https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Commons:Office_actions/DM... most of them seem reasonable enough to me. (IANAL) The problem is no effective oversight. Laws without oversight are going to be obviously abused. The DMCA is like if police were responsible to ensure their own warrents are valid. Wouldn't that just be a normal copyright infringement lawsuit? I guess i dont see what the fuss is. Instead of looping through the numbers, they precalculate the answers and loop through that instead. Personally this seems about equivalent of replacing all instances of 2+2 in your program with just 4, and then claiming the program doesnt use addition. Both solutions seem to deal with group theory to basically the same extent. > They actually don't precalculate, since Haskell is lazy. I mean they ditectly put into the source code that the pattern is "", "", "fizz", etc..., and repeat (in a lazy fashion), instead of having the computer calculate which integers give a fizz/buzz. So the programmer is in a sense precalculating at the time of writing the program, instead of having the computer calculate the result of the if statements at runtime. I think you misunderstand what i mean by "precalculated". I just mean the answer is embeded in the source code and not calculated at runtime. It doesnt matter how you embed it in the source code, whether that is a list literal or constructed via functions or whatever Edit: for clarity, the reason i think this is kind of a cop out, is that in the article the author seems to call out not using if-then-else as a benefit of this solution, compared to the normal version that takes a list of integers and transforms it using if/then/else and mod operations. But i dont really think it counts as not using if/then/else if you literally do the same operation in your head and then just write down the transformed list explicitly, to save the computer the effort of transforming the list at runtime for you. My objection is that the author presents it as a totally different approach, but to me it looks like the same approach as the original but with constant propagation applied. (With a little time away from this discussion, i guess tbf i must admit determining the order of the group is a bit more than constant propagation) Also with a little more sympathetic eye, i suppose the new version is more evocative of the underlying group and such representations are much more in line with the mores of functional programming. At the same time, i cant help but think its a bit pretentious to talk about being isomorphic to a cyclic group and otherwise evoke high level math, just to say, you know this program whose output by definition repeats in a very obvious pattern, well guess what, its output is cyclic. Well yes, if these things represented different things, then the output of the program would be incorrect. To put it another way, the original version was explicitly calculating the function ℤ -> { "", "fizz" }. The new version had the results of this function directly embeded in the source code (and hence precalculated as opposed to calculated at runtime). I just don't see the two of these approaches really being all that different Its kind of begging the question in a way. The only reason you can conclude this is related to Z3 and Z5 is because the original problem statement said to repeat fizz every 3 numbers, and thus its related to cycluc groups. But the only aspect of group theory used seems to be that Z3 repeats cyclicly (which was the fact we used to invoke group theory in the first place). So it seems rather circular. Pretty sure its existed for at least a year or two None, its a usecase difference not a technical one. but samesite is designed to tackle csrf (a problem with using cookies for auth). It wont prevent user tracking. Does it? Websites can just opt out if they dont like samesite cookies. Even if they couldnt, its trivial for the website operator to work around if they want (and website operators are almost always in on user tracking) I care more about what debian thinks than OSI, but yes i do care. I would read the agreement too, but IANAL nor am i an intellectual property expert. Legal agreements are tricky and can have non-intuitive consequences. > as it doesn't rely on site developers updating and setting the new flag right. Chrome is enabling this flag by default. Websites can opt out, but if they do nothing they are opted in. Blocking third party cookies doesnt really stop csrf attacks. At most it makes the attack a bit more noticeable as it prevents some of the quieter methods of pulling off the attack. Since as far as i understand, if you submit a cross-domain POST form, that's still a first party cookie Not sure how this is relavent, but IE had document.execCommand('ClearAuthenticationCache'); for http or TLS auth. Dont think other browsers have anything Http basic/digest auth doesnt last beyond the session, so just close the browser window? Probably putting a different username in the url would work too (in non ie) >I didn't drink often, not more than once a week. But it was usually a binge episode, having at least 10 drinks. Just fyi, i think most people would consider having 10 drinks in a single session, once a week, to be "often" 4) Get better friends (better being not a moral judgement, but better for your needs) Some people like to socialize over drinks, others don't really like it and some only want to do that on special occasions or rarely. Its like anything else. E.g. some people obsess over board games, some people like board games now and then, and some people really hate board games. If your friend group is based mostly around board games and you dont want to play board games anymore, in the long term, its probably best to find some non-board game obsessed friends. Same goes for drinking. The md5 weakness (that everyone talks about) is about collision resistance, which isn't relavent to password hashing. Generally you want slow, high cpu & memory hash functions for password hashing. This is the opposite of what md5/sha/blake aim for, as they want to be fast as possible. A fast hash allows the attacker to make many guesses very quickly (i think you can get something like 2 billion sha256 hashes a second with high end gpus). A slow hash makes it harder for the attacker to take lots of guesses (adding high mem usage helps protect against using alternate architectures like fpgas to speed things up). Anyways, for passwords use something like argon2. > This seems a quite dangerous way of thinking. New attacks, methods to attack crypto are discovered regularly. He does actually address this counterargument in his paper. In fact most of his paper is a rebuttal to this argument (the status quo wisdom, so to speak). What other theoretical quantum design? AES256 is considered quantum proof because grover's algorithm can in theory basically half they key size, and aes128 is secure on normal computers [we are still very very very very far away from a quantum computer that can use grover's algorithm to bruteforce aes128]. I'm not an expert on the subject but i believe a new quantum algorithm that could break aes256 would be a very major breakthrough in designing quantum algorithms. Well the typeface is maybe a little odd, it is perfectly readable to me. I disagree about all computer languages being about lambda calculus. Lambda calculus is fundamentally about functions being first class objects (as opposed to say sets, if we are taking a math prespective). Well that has become a more popular language feature, plenty of languages do not support this. C being an obvious answer. I'm not a haskell programmer, but I agree with you on the math aspect being largely over excited bloggers. Sometimes i feel like half the haskell articles posted here are taking some simple concept, wrapping it up in heavy duty mathematical machinery, not using the machinery for anything, and then proclaiming profound insight. The other week there was a haskell article on hn literally talking about how great it is that strings form a semigroup under concatenation, because i guess nobody realized you could concat strings before that. Do people actually claim haskell-ish math (i.e. abstract algebra type stuff) is just like school (highschool?) math. If so, i wish i was in their high school. Sounds much more interesting than mine. People overstate the connection between math and computer programming. Sure there are math heavy areas, but your average programmer isn't into them. At most programming typically involves the mildest amounts of whats in an intro to discrete math course. If you can objectively measure the quality of a program (in a non-bs) way, you could probably make millions. There are whole industries around code health metrics. Wouldn't the obvious capitalism solution to that be - loans become very cheap because people dont know what else to do with their money. Lots of people now have access to (other people's) capital. Wealth is no longer as concentrated, wisdom of crowds prevail? Sure, you could do a lot of things. I'm not arguing for capitalism as a fair and moral system, just that i think that OP should account for why this isn't happening/doesnt work in order for his argument that the issue is concentration of capital (as opposed to some other issue) to make sense On the contrary, this happens all the time in the real world. You ask the user for a password. Maybe the user gives the right password maybe they don't. Its beyond my understanding, but i think goes into it https://www.ams.org/journals/notices/201910/rnoti-p1618.pdf From what i read it has something to do with refuting the Connes embedding conjecture, but i dont actually know what that is In fairness, its pretty hard to explain what MIP*=RE to a layman (or even to tech people if the comments on hn are any indication). At least the intro kind of evokes the feeling of what the problem is about, even if its pretty corny. Just imagine, you're about to get a proof that some program halts and just before you verify it you are eaten by a grue. > (d) one's opinion on the morality of a certain alleged episode has no bearing on its legality While this is true, the related question over whether the law in question is "just", is very much a relavent issue, and something worthy of comment. > In a capitalistic model it makes little sense why Wikipedia should thrive without enriching someone so massively in the process, therefore, it must be corrected Err what? If a model of reality is incorrect you throw out the model, you dont try to modify reality to fit the model. This is akin to saying something like: Solar panels* dont work in classical physics therefore coal is better. * iana physicist. I assume they have something to do with quantum physics but dont really know This makes no sense. I dont even know what you are trying to claim. Is one of your premises that capitalism predicts the highest quality product wins at the marketplace? Because that's not what capitalism is. If it was we would all be eating at 5 star resturants all the time as they have the highest quality product when you ignore price. Are you trying to claim that part of the reason mcdonald's is succesful is because they have a lot of money to spend on advertising and inertia? If so you are misunderstanding my point (or its just a non sequitor). The fact that gaining a lot of capital allows you an (arguably unfair, especially relative to idealized capitalism) advantage in the market place has nothing to do with my criticism that you are fallaciously finding evidence that contradicts your simplified model and then concluding that reality is wrong instead of your model. Not sure how that would help. I imagine currently its all rights reserved, and google is claiming that using their information is fair use. What the R&D dept aspires to maybe do in the future is hardly the same as what they do in the present. Ianal, but an additional issue, is from my (limited) understanding, copyright applies to presentation not facts or the idea of something. If you take some info and reword it so the original presentation is gone and only the factual idea is the same, i think you are in the clear. Again, ianal and dont really know what im talking about I dont know why you're being downvoted. It is a vpn protocol, just like IPSec, with the main difference being its much simpler, and hence "sucks" less. Well the messed up if logic is definitely a cause, i think part of the cause is the pattern of just validating input is safe instead of validating input at ingestion time and escaping just before output (shell out) time. I think doing both is a much more secure pattern* *easy to sit here and armchair make claims of course. I've also only read this post and not the actual code so maybe there is reason for doing it how they did. I'd add for writing the fix domain logic, probably most clear to fix it in one step, and then do the validation as a second step, instead of mixing the two. Minisculey less efficient but its much easier to follow if fixing and validating logic aren't mixed together. Idk, maybe having two decades of terrible hacker movies made people appreciate the old ones more. Personally I have always loved both Hackers and WarGames, but admittedly i wasn't around when they came out. Also make sure the people who hire you actually own the system being tested. Like if my neighbour hires some random to pentest my house for kicks, it doesnt make it ok for pentester to break into my house because they signed a contract with my neighbour I think part of the appeal is the fiction that you are in some sense "friends" with the celeb. Sure its obviously not true; In many cases celeb probably doesn't even operate the account. But if they moved to a custom site, it takes away all pretense of you being a celeb's "friend". My fave bit is the "its a cool model" as if charging your customers money to use your product is a new and unique bussiness model. Maybe this is naive, but I would assume if it was a bio-weapon it would be a lot more deadly. But the point of a bio weapon is not to kill everyone,just your enemy. So i guess you would want it to be very deadly and not spread to far. And i imagine you would want to primarily take out young healthy people (soldiers) not the eldery and sickly. (I assume) Weren't the original corporations basically perishes that had independent assets that were supposed to go to the officeholder instead of normal inheritence-sort of as a legal system hack? While there is a long history of corprate charters being to make money for the shareholders, i think there is a long history of other goals as well. They did at one point have the rights to some youtube web series content like red vs blue, the guild, and video game high school. Interesting. I kind of wish there was like an audio captcha app. If the number isnt in your contacts, voice comes on asking them to type some random 4 digit number. Well it is of course anarms race, almost all my call spam is recordings so i think itd be effective. Well an older draft version of spec says: >"The parameter to this message gives a specification of charging schemes acceptable. The client may retry the request with a suitable ChargeTo header." https://www.w3.org/Protocols/HTTP/HTRESP.html And charge-to is defined as >"ChargeTo: >This line if present contains account information for the costs of the application of the method requested. The format is TBS. The format of this field must be in extensible form. The first word starts with a specification of the namespace in which the account is . (This is similar to extensible URL definition.) No namespaces are currently defined. Namespaces will be registered with the registration authority . >The format of the rest of the line is a function of the charging system, but it is recommended that this include a maximum cost whose payment is authorized by the client for this transaction, and a cost unit." https://www.w3.org/Protocols/HTTP/HTRQ_Headers.html#z10 Thats kind of missing the point. Original poster wanted a minimal browser that has lower security surface. This is sort of like saying: Just because the computer doesn't have a password doesn't stop you from simply not using computers you're not supposed to. So your problem is not with the lack of passwords but with people who use computers they aren't supposed to. Decideability is absolutely not the problem. Subjectivity is a problem - There is no objective definition of an obnoxious ad. I mean, behaviour of a website may be undecideable. Behaviour over the 5 minutes you're viewing it is. I dont think notions from computability theory are particularly enlightening here. Well multilaterally decide. Its a small group but firefox isnt totally irrelavent yet. And thats ok in my opinion. The IETF describes itself as "rough consensus and running code" and it seems to work well. I dont have a problem with the web following that model. And now we have electron. Everything old is new again. Even further, appearently some people use hardware cards that use DMA to cheat. Which just seems incredible to me ( https://community.osr.com/discussion/291402/detecting-pcie-d... was the only reference i could find googling) I've never done an oral defense, but surely there is a difference between someone expected to be an intermediary to higher ups who know nothing, and an oral defense where subject matter experts attempt to stump you with tricky questions I live in canada. While its true there is less money here than usa, those numbers sound pretty low. Maybe that employer was just trying to screw you over? The linked article doesnt contradict the original post. Linked article says strength of 2 hash algos (of this type) is only as strong as the strongest and not the sum of their strengths. But original poster only needed the combined hash to be as strong as the sha256 for his/her purpose. Notwithstanding, i still dont like it as an idea. I thought it was a joke. The whole: blockchain isnt that inovative if you use a strict technical definition because lots of things are a chain of blocks before bitcoin was cool, meme. And honestly fair enough. The inovative part of bitcoin is not the blockchain but all the economics & game theory going on to create trust in the system Honestly the web was a thing before money took over, if the bussiness model collapses it collapses. If you cant make money on the internet without pissing off your userbase to such an extent they resort to specialized programs to modify your content to be not annoying, then you dont deserve to make money (yes, yes tragedy of commons, individual advertisers dont just affect themselves) But i somewhat imagine for at least pay per click ads the audience is separate from people with ad blockers, because when was the last time you ever intentionally clicked on a banner ad? If a magazine i sometimes read because its free closes shop because they raise prices and nobody wants to pay for it... I probably feel nothing because i was only reading it because it was free, and if the price is no longer worth it that's that. People always bemoan how x is going to die on the internet because of changing trends in advertising. Fact is many of these sites provide ok at best content, and are dying because the value they provide doesnt equal the cost they want to charge. There is a list of examples on the wikipedia article for the subject https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malvertising I dont even read or write bash shell scripts regularly and i can understand what that line is doing fine. I would not be able to understand if the entire thing was one line, so i think there is a significant difference. Just because something doesn't follow general rules for readable code, doesn't mean it is actually unreadable. 90% of everything is crap, and websites are a thing so 90% of them are crap. So its ok if they die. Then again, neither wikipedia nor youtubr hacker news have ads and that's like half of what i read on the internet right there. Edit: this is what happens when i try to post while falling asleep. Meant to say hn not youtube. Youtube definitely has ads If you are asking if i have memorized bash syntax fully and know that everything he did was valid, than the answer is no. However the intent of the code and what each component is supposed to do is clear, which is what i'm looking for when reading code. Heck, by this definition i'm not sure any code is really good enough. In my job i have to write php daily, i still need to regularly look at docs to figure out order of arguments for various library functions. I wouldn't be able to tell if explode($a, $b) in php has the right argument order at a glance without looking it up. But i understand the intent and generally assume the superficial aspects of the code are right unless that part appears not to work. And furthermore, adjusting the number of newlines isn't going to help with the question of if that piece of code is using bash syntax correctly. I wish there was more technical details or a whitepaper. All i can see is some handwaving about dht. But full text search is not really naturally applicable to a DHT approach. So what exactly do they do? How does what they do scale? How is work broken up between dht nodes (what exactly is being used as the hash key in the distributed hash table)? How does it deal with malicious nodes (SEO is a big thing in search)? Is the division of resources between dht nodes "fair"? How are results ranked? I feel like there is either 2 possibilities: Small number of indexes (like HotBot before google ruled the internet). I'm not sure an oligopoly is that much better than a monopoly Or you have a lot of indexes. But then the system scales really poorly. All the indexes have to handle a large number of queries and be hugely powerful, and all the clients have to spend a ton of time querrying and aggregating them. So the real problems. I think people say that others dont act rationally, when really they just don't understand the other person's goals and how their behaviour contributes to their goals. If i pass up $100 to get a burger, am i acting irrationally? It depends if i'm hungry. It depends how much $100 means to me (Am i bill gates?). Its impossible to say from the outside. I'm convinced much behaviour is basically the same except much more complex with multiple conflicting priorities. If we are in the space of compression than i think its relavent. The very obvious thing missing from the site is decode and encode benchmarks. Its very context dependent but if it had a long decode time, that could outweigh the bandwidth savings. If you're going to call someone misinformed, i think it would only be fair if you cited sources ? Why is Britian ideologically opposed to us (i assume us = USA) during WW2. For that matter, Israel seems the most ideologically similar to the USA of the various middle eastern governments. You of course have a point with Soviet Union and Saudi Arabia It was certainly interesting, and i think it maybe would have been fair game to report on his online persona and dissapearence, but the last bit of the article where they find his patent application and thus his employer, and then call his employer.... eww. Just no. So after he tried to delete himself from the internet, someone forked his code and then made it closed source... I generally believe in the right to leave but not the right to vanish. However it seems hypocritical to use the right to fork basically to get around somebody's wishes but then close source the app to not give others the right to fork. This presupposes that content and ideas are "property". I more subscribe to the idea that once you put content out into the world, it is no longer yours. (That said, all this chasing and doxing of this poor guy really is disgusting. If nothing else he absolutely has the right to leave and stop actively hosting things he doesn't want to host anymore.) Well i don't think i use 1333 pens in "years", so math checks out To me its weird that immutability is what is focused on. Yes immutability is not really great for Wikipedia; sometimes people accidentally post private info and its nice to be able to redact it. However it seems like the least of the problems of applying a bitcoin fork to hosting wikipedia. Like I can imagine immutable wikipedia being possible even if not desireable. I can't imagine using blockchain as backend database of wikipedia even remotely scaling to something like that. Heck, the entire pitch for bitcoin sv seems to be we will make bitcoin scale by removing all the limits that give normal bitcoin the slightest chance of scaling. It seems pretty rediculous even by bitcoin standards. Would you have been able to do that in python if you hadn't previously programmed in python, read the docs, seen examples? Not a whole lot of evidence in this essay. Sure its possible risk aversion is holding us back, but then again maybe it isn't. I may not have a better theory, but i am not particularly convinced either. Most importantly, if risk acceptance is the magic sauce, why do all these advances just start in 1945. Its not like people were super risk averse in the early 1900s or the 1800s. Then again i suspect there is some selection bias here to make all the data points fit in this time period. Its not like feminism started from nothing in 1945, first wave feminism goes before that. How risk friendly was NASA back in the day? I know there were deaths associated with the program, but every move was public, and every failure was a national failure and cold war propaganda defeat. I gotta imagine in that sort of climate nasa must have been very concerned about safety Right. I guess another contributing factor is these technologies build on another. Computers especially - I can only imagine how much effort computers saved by being able to simulate some physical systems very cheaply. After all that's a major point in the quantum computer hype train: that a quantum computer will be able to do for sciences that touch the quantum world what a normal computer did for sciences dealing with the non-quantum physical world. Isn't it the opposite? Boeing cut corners with the 737 MAX. As a result bad things happened. If boeing had an appropriate aversion to risk they would be in a better place. Instead they took reckless risks and now they are screwed. OCR goes back to the 30's https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_optical_characte... Automated translation the 50s And this is a weird list...some of these things are guinine advances improving thr human condition, then there is bitcoin and e-scooters. Not to mentions things that dont really exist in useful forms yet (quantum computing) Fizzbuzz? I'm pretty sure the only meaningful coding test is if you can program at all. After that everything becomes artificial in an interview setting. The original article was about kissing not being a general thing in lots of cultures. If a minority of people in those cultures still engage in kissing that hardly disproves the point of the article. >I almost responded (but refrained out of a sense of not being snarky) that the word "impractical" here actually means "uneconomical". Well yes, that is the definition of unpractical more or less. (Have you ever heard anyone say impractical and not just mean ecomomically unviable?) I guess it works a little better if done for historical subjects where their contribution can be viewed from a distance. There are plenty of computer things and people from the 70s and 80s which would make great documentary subjects. Bit of an unfair comparison there with csp on your website there. You cite the article that most csp policies are ineffective at preventing xss, but xss and data exfilitration are different things, and csp policies that are ineffective at blocking xss are often effective at blocking data exfiltration. Bitcoin also uses a DAG (albeit in a trivial sense), so umm? Skimming through the info on the tangle, concentrating on its dagness seems superficial (is it even one? They talk about merging nodes a lot which sounds like cycles to me EDIT: ignore this aside). Anyways, things like this should have security proofs (or at least arguments) and maybe it does, i havent read enough in depth to know. But if it doesn't i would say the skepticism is very well warranted I was also trying to find actual info. https://iota.org/IOTA_Whitepaper.pdf is the closest i found. Its still a bit annoying and meandery but its much better than the rest of their marketing drivel. A DAG describes a wide variety of data structures and choices. Bitcoin is a DAG. Actually wouldn't any sort of structure that prevents double spending have to be a dag? In order to prevent double spending you need to put transactions in topological order (to know how much money the account has). If you can do that your data structure is a DAG. Lol, not a "true decentralized currency" is sort of like saying north korea is not a "true democratic republic". Technically true but also misleading because the phrasing implies its sort of close to being there. Everyone concentrating on iota being a bs cryptocurrency. Which fair enough but i think that kind of burries the actual story: People trying to make a currency involving large sums of money don't even have the security controls to check they are not loading malicous dependencies from npm! This is not some fancy crypto hack, this is plain old boring compromised dependency from an ecosystem with a reputation for high profile compromises. Lol "on financial steroids" you say that as if it sounds like a good thing. Sort of like how society doesn't require me to not be a billionaire, but in practise i'm not a billionaire. Code not deployed and probably never tested (perhaps never even worked) does not count. I doubt it. What properties specificly? Hell even bitcoin doesn't have a great notion of verifability (verify what? No double spending? Lets hope your opponent doesn't control 33% of the hash power.). Central-db systems can issue recipts (like humans have been doing for thousands of years). Centralized cyrptocurrencies basically offer the same protection at best and much less at worse. Lots of this rings true, but i disagree about people only want to do the fun things. First of all often what one person considers boring another considers fun. Optimization was used as an example, but often optimization can be really fun (its like a puzzle). More generally, in my experience with an open source project that has both volunteers but a majority of paid devs (MediaWiki), often the volunteers are motivated by making it work well for their niche and will take on really annoying projects important to their niche that have been ignored by the paid devs as not being cost-effective or a priority for whatever reason. Not just publishing but capitalism in general. If you're a replaceable cog in the machine, you're probably not getting paid much. If you want to get rich in a capitalist society, either have scarse skills allowing you a good bargaining position or find a way to own the means of production. Well if we have to choose i'd prefer to not have them scheduled in the first place. Sure its not literally about the physical means of production, but more the abstract notion around creating/owning a bussiness. A hard problem that does involve real skill and lots of risk. The reason you're not starbucks isn't that you can't serve coffee out of your house. Do you think that independent coffee houses don't exist? Do you think that new coffee franchises don't come into being regularly? The reason you're not facebook has nothing to do with dmca or cfaa (relatively easy to comply with regulations). Do you think that facebook didn't have to deal with that when they started? They were hardly the first social network either so its not like they had first-movers advantage. >But that makes it a completely different problem. There is no longer a prohibitively expensive "means of production" causing the problem, to which a solution might have been collective ownership, but now instead a collection of barriers to entry to what might otherwise reasonably have been employee-owned businesses if not for the barriers that increase the scale required for success past what the employees can afford. Startup capital is still very much a problem you need to solve to start a businesses. Its just spent on different things than people did in the 1800s IANAGeologist, but couldnt you calculate and compensate for that? Its not like continental drift is random and unpredictable (afaik, i know nothing of this subject) At some point though, aren't you essentially reinventing a traditional db over top of sqlite? The reason to use depencies is so you don't have to reinvent complicated wheels Given that this article is about mitigating the risk of someone doing precisely that, i don't think "all bets are off" is a good position to take on that scenario. To summarize TFA: lets encrypt is now verifying domain ownership from multiple data centers. The idea being if someone tries to mitm the verification process (through bgp hijacking or whatever) its much harder to do that across the entire internet and go unnoticed then it is to do it on just one network path That kind of sounds like you are implying cutting down 50% of attacks is the same as cutting down 50% of the risks. But not all attacks are equal. Only a very small portion of the risk comes from the 50% you blocked. If you weren't trying to say that, my mistake. It's a turing complete language... so anything you want! I believe that recursive CTEs make sql a turing complete language. > Recursion == looping. Any looping construct, recursive or otherwise, that doesn't require a literal max iteration count implies Turing completeness. I'm not a computability theory person, but that doesn't sound right. Afaik, linear bounded automata can loop infinitely, but are not turing complete. Edit: After googling. I guess the important bit is conditional looping and unbounded storage. I think including recursive triggers is cheating a bit because the impressive bit is the query itself is turing complete without any other setup. But anyways CTEs don't just provide looping, they also provide a means to store and retrieve an unbounded amount of intermediate values. Its not obvious to me that that was possible in single query in sql without CTEs > Why do all these weird terms even matter to anyone else besides a self selected group of mathematicians? Why should anyone care about anything? This is rather obnoxious. First off, philosophy is an interesting subject in its own right. You're probably not going to get a good job in it. However nobody goes into philosphy thinking they're going to become a millionaire. The issue in this thread is that lambda school isn't as described. Tricking people is very different than teaching people some esoteric stuff they know upfront is kind of useless pragmatically Or maybe closing flight routes was a bad response rooted in fear and not logic? I don't know much about pandemics, but i would need to see experts who are independent of both WHO and USA say that WHO's policy is bad, before believing that they have been unduly influenced I think this is an unfair response. > DHCP will give you a DNS config So in other words "your default dns provider" > that DNS server can be local, remote Maybe a nitpick but i doubt dhcp is going to hive you a local dns server > it can support DNSSEC Which is irrelevent to the original complaint about "phoning home". DNSSec provides security against certain types of attacks like poisioning. Privacy & evesdropping are outside of its threat model > DNS over TLS (yes, that's a thing[0]). A thing with very little client support. Is it even possible to specify this via dhcp? > DoH takes away huge amounts of configuration, and the ability to locally host DNS and ensures that a central body gets your DNS requests. If you're doing this level of configuration, just disable DoH. Or host your own DoH server. Firefox choosing reasonable defaults that improve security for regular users in practise given the state of the world at this time, seems reasonable to me. By a similar token, you can opt-out of web pki by specifying all your own root CA's. But i hardly fault firefox for including sensible defaults. I guess i was interpreting local in the sense of localhost. Which, fair enough, in context that is a silly way to interpret local as local network makes much more sense in context. Afaict, the article basically claims that physics and cognitive science are connected because the fundamental goal is to understand problems in metaphysics (what "is" consiousness, what "is" matter). I gotta say, i agree with the grandparent. Metaphysics is philosophy. It is not physics. It is not cognitive science. At best the questions posed by metaphysics provide inspiration for physics and cogsci, but they are fundamentally not part of those fields. > Sorry but, how is Have I Been Pwned anything but a text search of data that is already publicly available? To be fair, google is also a (very glorified) text search of publicly available data when you get right down to it. Value is a combination of how useful you are to other people and how popular you are with other people, not how technically complicated you are. HIBP is both useful and popular - hence its valuable. Is that true? I've always thought that the right was mildly more hierarchial (which i would describe as "organized") and the left a little bit more grass roots. That said i have no sources and another ancedote doesn't mean much. It would be interesting to redo this analysis now. 2006 was a long time ago. In 2006 wikipedia was in a very rapid growth phase; lots of topics still didn't have good coverage yet. In 2020, I can't remember a recent time where a mainstream topic didn't have extensive coverage on en wikipedia. Do the masses still write most of Wikipedia now that the low hanging fruit has been written? Large grass roots social movements are not the only way to be organized though. I agree that the left seems to better be able to capitalize on that type of movement in recent history, but i dont think it follows that the right is disorganized, just organized differently. (Then again this is the trump ers and he is not really the establishment right wing im thinking of-To me at least he seems to be riding a wave of fairly disorganized [but powerful] right wing populism, so maybe you are right in regards to him) Universities skew younger even more than the internet does. I think there is an element of the left wanting to "fix" the world which appeals to young people, and the right wanting to "protect" the world from bad changes, which appeals to older more cautious people. So reddit isn't literally conscious with intentionality? You can basically say the same thing about literally anything that is not a person. I think you are mistaken. RE is the class that includes the halting problem. I know its really bad form to complain about downvotes - but can i ask if people are disagreeing with me or if there is something else objectionable in my comment? If its the former, i'm confused as its trivially easy to google the definition of recursively enumerable, if its the latter I am honestly curious. Not that surprising. There is a reason why EU made the GDPR. Its not like it was a law meant to solve a purely theoretical problem Aren't knowledge graphs just a buzzword way of saying "graph database"? So yeah, the types of problem a db system solves are db problems, even if its using a semantic network model instead of a relational model I don't know anything about that world... But honestly that sounds reasonable to me. Old money wants to keep their money, so they are risk averse. New money is in the process of making their fortune so they are more interested in betting big. Not really that clear. Im sure the gates foundation is pretty legit, but if scammers started selling home testing kits that didn't work that could definitely be a threat to the public interest. Too bad ndp got voted out. Too bad Klein didnt maintain the heritage fund... Realistically time to diversify was at least 10 years ago If you really want to stick it to google, you can always put a robots.txt file with disallow: * directive. But you probably don't. Presumably because you rely on google to direct users to your website. I find it hard to claim that publishers get squat out of this arrangement when google is probably the primary method relevant users find your content. Which to be clear, I'm not saying that website operators have any sort of duty to assist third parties in extracting just the useful part of their website. They obviously don't. They can make their website however they feel like. I just don't think the disdain of google over the practice of extracting and redisplaying content provided in a format explicitly for the purpose of letting people do that, is warranted. If you don't want to opt-in, that's fine, but google is doing nothing wrong by using data provided to the world for the general purpose of enabling them to do exactly what they are doing. Google does a lot of things. Some negative some positive. Personally I am pretty concerned about the near monopoly that chrome has. However they have had an extremely positive impact on (for example) the security of web PKI infrastructure. I find it hard to call them not a positive actor on the internet, when they are one of the more responsible parties for the internet being secure from surveillance - a huge boon to the health of the internet. Microformats was based on standard html. That comes with pros and cons. Pros being its very easy to adopt, including in legacy CMS systems that might not support the other fancier stuff. For that matter, it also means web developers already understand it (Especially compared to writing XML RDF documents...) It also allowed mixing the presentation with the format. that meant people only had to maintain one copy of data, so its less likely to get out of sync, and people are less likely to forget to add the data later on. Downside is you're using something not really meant to support the use case of annotating data, so it ends up being a bit hacky. These things also did not come out all at the same time. Future techniques were partially made in response to microformats, just like (I'm assuming a bit here) that microformats were made as a response to SemanticWeb RDF-XML stuff. Sure. Many of those business models still rely on people finding your site (although there are exceptions) Personally i dont think that they have "won". However the mere fact they have are seriously considered as an option, is a major victory. 10 years ago only the hard core capital F Free Software people used them or even considered them Heck, it took until firefox 3.6 to remove xbm support, and that is an utterly terrible image format for a web browser. The same thing that lead me to the conclusion that the sun will rise tomorrow. I don't really know for sure, but it seems to fit the pattern and that's the best i can hope for in absence of other data. Humans might have a tendency to gossip...but what's described sounds pretty extreme and well, toxic. To make the broader point, just because humans tend to be assholes does not mean we should accept people being assholes as "natural" or ok. If religion just "isn't your thing" I'm pretty sure that makes you an agnostic not an atheist. However the majority of atheists in my exerience are a bit more mellow. You can fully believe there is no grand deity without being "hostile" to the belief. As an example (that maybe is more generally relatable): I believe the world is round. I don't think I am hostile to the flat earthers. I think they are wrong based on evidence, but their ideas don't disgust me. I don't want to burn them at the stake or harass them. If they leave me alone I am content to leave them alone. So I dont think i am hostile to their beliefs. However i would never describe my relationship to the flat earth "theory" as "just not my thing". Arguably, war is about the life and death of your state as a political entity. The lives and deaths of the people are the PR spin. I don't really think he is conflating the two. OP make references to different types of conflicts. "Handling" occupied territories is something that can be a struggle both in standard all out nation state wars and in cases where you are fighting against gurellia warriors. I'm also similarly confused. The post explains request smuggling really well, but doesn't really explain how that equals getting the victim's cookies. This is my understanding of the bug: * Attacker sends malformed request to slack servers. Request gets split in two. First part results in something sent back to attacker, next part of request is treated as a prefix to the next legit (victim's) http request made * Slack backend server responds to victim's request treating it as having part of the attacker's request prefixed. The merged request results in a 301 http redirect response, redirecting the victim to an attacker controlled domain. * Victim's browser gets the 301, and follows the redirect. When following the redirect, the cookie header is somehow sent to the attacker's site I don't understand why the victim's browser would send the cookie header when following a redirect to a different domain. I don't understand how causing the victim to follow a cross-domain redirect would allow the attacker to extract the victim's cookie. Are you're saying its the slack's frontend server that is processing the 301, and not the user's web browser? And that slack's front-end server is configured as such that when it gets a 301 it just resends the entire request (including all headers) to the redirect destination? Edit: this seems likely to not be what he was saying and also not the case. Hmm that would make sense. The user-agent header does have "slack" in it so probably not a web browser, and its not far fetched that most libraries dont implement the same origin policy when it comes to headers and redirects. Honestly, that's probably the least interesting implication of a constructive proof that p=np. The entire field of cryptography is based around the idea of problems easy to solve with a short piece of information but hard to solve without it. If P=NP (and we have a constructive proof with an algorithm where the constants & degree aren't rediculous), the entire field of cryptography would collapse. Only 1-time pad's would be safe. Cellular automata are turing complete, so in principle you can implement any algorithm if you control the start state (albeit with massive overhead). So probably the answer is technically yes, but probably not in the way you are thinking of. I'm not sure I am understanding > I imagine one way to do it is to make the attacking request to a redirect. Since the back-end conflates the attacking request and the next request (or a portion of the next request), you can get that next request, including the headers (i.e. cookies) as the body/payload redirected to that external site. If the attacker controls that external site, they then can see the cookie data. Are you suggesting that if the backend server was setup as an HTTP proxy, you could get the backend server to proxy the merged request somewhere else? That's true, but it seems pretty unlikey that the backend servers would be setup that way. Although i think i might just be misunderstanding what you mean. > Another way would be to make it so the next request is the content of a param which is displayed in some manner. For example, if it's the content to a message post to a slack forum. I.e. you're suggesting basically using this as a CSRF attack to post part of the victims request (including secret cookie) somewhere public to retrieve later? I think this would work in certain situations but would be difficult to pull off. Its a bit more complicated because if the site was using csrf tokens you would need to make sure the victim request was a POST with a token,but that is easy enough - retry until it happens. The bigger issue is the request body would be kind of malformed. If the endpoint you are posting to accepts application/x-www-urlencoded (and not json), i imagine its interpreted super liberally. I guess the biggest issue is if ; is considered a form field separator (since user-agent usually has ; in it). I think some standards tried to promote that, but i dont know if webservers actually implement it. If they do,it would be very difficult for the attacker to control the name of the form field, and thus actually get the part they wanted publicly posted I think lots of people predicted it as a risk, especially after the original sars, which didn't turn into a massive thing but was still a wake up call. I mean, canada created an entire new agency for being prepared for a pandemic after the sars thing. Here's a WHO page from 2016 that specificly mentions coronavirus type diseases as a risk: https://web.archive.org/web/20161220180509/http://www.who.in... > I'm suggesting that since the back-end server may see the requests as a single request with the second request as part of teh payload of your crafted request, the question then becomes one of "In what ways can I get this site to show one of my params". That's similar to a CSRF, but simpler in that that you don't care that it's unescaped, you just care that it's in the source in some way, since it's what should be displayed back to you for your request. But the response to the mangled request goes to the victim not the attacker. You need someway to get it from the victim to the attacker (hence use of redirects in the original bug bounty). > My example above uses GET, so any ampersand (which is probably likely to exist in many queries) will throw it off. The point i was trying to make is that various specs suggest that semicolons should be treated as an alternative to amparsands, and they are much more common in headers (especially in user-agent). However i imagine much server software doesnt follow that reccomendation so maybe its a moot thing to worry about. >Polynomial doesn't mean practical. In practice, O(n^100) is not an improvement over O(2^n). I literally said in my comment "and we have a constructive proof with an algorithm where the constants & degree aren't rediculous" I thought it was more, they are ineffective because most people put them on wrong. That's probably not true (yet). From what i have read, there are reports of community spread in bc, alberta, and ontario. That's a lot of Canada but certainly not all of it. If a significant portion of cases are still travel related, closing the border makes sense imo. Well if its doubling every 3 days, its only the difference of 10 days... They already dropped the X. Without the X Mac OS X is just a eunuch. Not to mention, conducting a good online course takes preparation and practise (on the part of the teacher). All these online courses are probably going to be setup over the course of like a week. I don't imagine they will be well run online courses. Lol, i meant in the name "OS X", but i like that the joke works both ways. The edit view that most power users use is definitely not an spa. There are multiple "editors" in use on wikipedia et al. Visual editor and mobile edior are more SPA-ish, however the old fashioned full of code, editor is still very popular among users. Disclaimer: work for wikimedia, but not on stuff related to this. My opinions are my own. So? You can do anything on your own given enough effort and discipline. I doubt it would stop the flu, etc. Maybe slow it down for a little bit, but well there are different strains of flu every year, it stands to reason that every year it starts from just a small group and rapidly spreads. I think the effect on the flu will be negligable shortly after quarintine ends.* *IANA-person who knows about this subject. That doesn't necessarily follow. I assume the term "need a ventilator" does not mean they have 100% chance of dying without a ventilator. Very few things in life are 100% certain. I imagine its more like, you have a 90% chance of dying without this, and a 10% chance of living (Numbers totally made up). Its also not the case that a faulty ventilator might be worth 80% of a real ventilator. It may very well be 0%, it might be -20%. If the ventilator is worthless, well there are some strong ethical conundrums of selling worthless cures to desperate people who will pay anything for the slightest hope of surviving. But that's if its worthless, its entirely imaginable that a faulty one reduces patients chances relative to no ventilator. Doing nothing and letting the body do its best, might have better outcomes then doing some sort of medical intervention incorrectly. There is no magic solution here, all parties are going to get somewhat screwed by this. Its not like defering the rent is neccesarily in the best interest (from a purely ecconomic perspective of the landlord). If you defer rent for many months only for tenant to go under when this ends (and lets be real, many tenants are going to go under when this is all said and done), the landlord would be better off being heartless and not defering rent Well its certainly true you can do that (World wars prove that) i doubt the united states has its shit together to even attempt that. Even if it did, i doubt it could do it quickly enough to be useful. You're stopping payments for a lot of things. I assume the people on the recieving ends of those payments are still expected to buy food somehow? How? Or are we also expecting that grocery stores provide food on credit that they are not expected to collect on any time soon? Ok. Im a (small) landlord. None of my tennants claim to be able to pay rent. How am I buying groceries this month? To be clear, i'm a hypothetical landlord. Not actually a landlord. > You’d buy groceries with your emergency fund. As a self employed person it is your responsibility to do this for yourself. Its everyone's responsibility to have an emergency fund. Why is the answer that the landlord should rely on his/her fund instead of the tennant relying on their fund to pay rent? I think that fundamentally what I'm trying to criticize, is the original proposal shifted all the burden from one class of people to another class. And then assumed that the problem just goes away, without having to do anything expensive like the government providing emergency funding. But its not that simple - its not like debt holders can neccesarily just take the hit. They have things they need money for. They have people they employ who need to get paid. Sure, there is a certain amount of a hit that can be taken - but ultimately money has to come from somewhere or your just shifting which class of people are totally screwed by this, which doesnt solve anything. Ah yes, because there are so many people in the market to buy rental properties in a giant economic downturn. Nevermind the reason you are selling is because its impossible to rent out. Why is it anytime usa screws up its because its a diverse nation that's different from all the other nations? Maybe sometimes the USA is just incompetent and usually it can get away with being incompetent without consequence because nobody wants to poke the 800lb gorilla, but sometimes consequences do happen. I don't see how "other people screwed up too" is a counter argument to my argument that "usa is different from every country in the world and thus its impossible to do things right" is bullshit. They're two completely different claims. It is difficult to compare reported cases across countries, and certainly there are many countries that have dropped the ball (Iran especially comes to mind). At the risk of sounding unfeeling, a clearer picture will probably emerge once the deaths start rolling in, since dying is a very binary state and less subject to measurement bias due to gov (in)action. I haven't been around here that long, but i feel like hn may have started that way but at this point is more the modern version of /. [But not quite as "bad"]. Where we start is not where we end up. Sometimes i feel like its a bit polarized. On one side you have people being cynical about everything but then you get the opposite people who are supportive of everything and upset at the slightest cyncism. The tech industry is full of silly ideas. If someone says they made an app for taking pictures of unpopped popcorn kernels, i think its fair to ask "why would anyone want this?" The php example made me chuckle. Huh? From first principles there is no reason why anyone should think that their won't be 2 billion vaccines tomorrow (perhaps via divine intervention). Heck, from first principles I'm not even sure Australia exists (Maybe Australia is a giant hoax. After all, i have never been there.) Proving things from first principles is really hard. The fact you weren't able to disprove a statement from first principles is not strong evidence the statement is actually true. Well you can of course take anything you want as a first principle, this is kind of an odd choice. Typically people take as first principles foundational things they believe to be true but know they can't prove. Things like, our memory reflects things that happened in the past or other people exist as real people and aren't just complex NPC. Most atheists believe that there is no reasonable evidence for a deity, thus it makes no sense to believe in one (or some varation of that). In particular they believe this conclusion is rational and can be arrived at through reasoning. Taking "there is no deities" as a first principle, is in essense taking a view about religion on just "faith". My understanding is that to most atheists, this sort of appeal to faith is an anathema. That's kind of a tautology. If you assume the system is insecure, then yes its going to be insecure with that assumption. This is going to be true of any VPN system, so i think its an unfair criticism to level against this particular VPN setup. If you want to be secure against local adversaries, use TOR. IANAL but the article you link to claims that it is unclear in the usa if shrink wrap contracts are enforceable/real contracts. I don't think your cloudflare link supports your position. CF talks about "The TCP/IP relationship..." - in context they are clearly referring to tcp and ip as two separate nouns, not as a single noun to refer to the internet suite. Context can modify word meaning-using that as an example really doesn't say anything about the term "tcp/ip" in general. Fwiw Wikipedia also thinks tcp/ip means the protocol suite https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_protocol_suite (edit: i guess other person already said that, i didnt notice) Edit2: otoh, i think this whole argument is pedantic and its clear what the original article meant. Using (misleading) statistics/charts/graph to lie to people is an age old tradition. I dont think their usage indicates much about critical thinking unless viewers are viewing the charts critically That was the first thing i thought of too I mean, its pretty obvious that enabling an option named no_spectre_v1 (and v2) is going to disable spectre mitigation. I feel like nobody should act shocked by this. Note, browsers did disable some js features to mitigate - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... Well the link you provide doesnt use SharedArrayBuffer, it is used as part of the exploit if you read the original paper (as a method to make a high resolution timer) I'm not super familar with spectre, but i think the linked page is misinterpreting the vuln (hopefully someone will correct me if im totally out to lunch). So the original js from the spectre paper was: if (index The code looking a bit weird (all the |0) to ensure Chrome JITs it the correct way. My understanding of what happens, the loop goes a bunch of times while index is inside the simple byte array. After the last iteration, the processor speculatively executes the loop one more time than it should (branch misprediction). It eventually figures out the loop should end and undos the speculative execution. However that only happens after the loop has already started executing (where its not supposed to). During this improper execution, index is after the end of SimpleByteArray. index = simpleByteArray[index | 0] is then executed. index is now set to the value of some memory in the current process that the current JS is not supposed to access. index = (((index * 4096)|0) & (32 1024 1024-1))|0; is executed to spread the memory value out (we need all possible values to be in a separate cache line in probeTable later). We now execute localJunk ˆ= probeTable[index|0]|0;. localJunk is just there to prevent dead code elimination optimization. Since we are now indexing into probeTable at 4096 byte intervals, we have to fetch that value from memory. It then gets cached by processor. This all gets undone by the processor when it realizes that the branch was incorrect, except the cache changes are not undone. If we access anything else in the same 4096 bytes later on, the access is a tiny bit quicker. The exploit is, that after all that setup, we try accessing each 4096 byte region of probeTable, to see which one is fastest. We can than conclude that was the value of index during the branch misprediction and thus the value of that byte of memory we aren't supposed to see. If we do this a lot, we can read the rest of the process's memory. The hope is we will be able to find cookies related to other websites currently open, and then do evil things with them. This attack no longer works because browsers disabled SharedArrayBuffer, which provided the really precise timer. The timing difference is very small so you need a very fine grained timer to make it work. It should also be noted that this variant of spectre is in-process only. Some versions of meltdown/spectre allow accessing memory of other processes, but as far as i understand this version is in process only. I hope that made sense, and i hope i didnt screw that up. Everyone always seems so handwavey when they talk about "decentralized" web. It seems more like a string of buzzwords than an actual technical definition. What are the actual properties of the "decentralized web" that make it "decentralized"? I imagine at some point, some hardcore person would just end up doing echo -e 'bunch of machine code here' > file The entire website is obviously a silly joke. Even if the colours were distinguishable you wouldn't go about naming them in this fashion but in some more systematic fashion Is the german study of germany? Because the ratio of recoveries to deaths is way higher in germany than the united states. The risk of covid varries a lot by geographic region and usa seems like one of the worst. > It's also worth calling out the flu has killed 2X as many people as COVID has to date this flu season. A bad flu season in the US kills about 60K people each year. So far. The flu season started before the covid season so that's a bit of an apples and oranges as you are comparing different time scales. The bigger issue though is its unknown how big covid could get if it balloons. Like its mostly on par with flu now, but its not over yet and that's with the taking of extreme messures to prevent transmission (which we dont do to prevent flu). Measuring potential risk in terms of what's happened so far when we haven't even seen what a complete season of covid look like, feels premature. Jumping off a bridge also looks safe if you base your predictions on the lack of all the bad things that happened before you hit the ground. Many (most?) people taking this substance report having some sort of mystical/spiritual experience. I doubt they are actually convening with the divine, but whether/how/why the substance causes that affect in people is certainly a part of "science". I also don't think the spiritual journey aspect should be dismissed so lightly. Its being investigated to help depression. Perhaps inducing a "spiritual" state in people is part of the cause of action of the drug. Its based on my personal beliefs. I don't have much to back it up one way or another (maybe occam's razor at most). Metaphysical claims usually come down to i believe what i believe because i believe it, and i am no exception. The main reason i included it was because psybin's comment which i was responding to was very dismissive of "spirituality", and i think there is still valid things to talk about related to spiritual "journeys" regardless of if you think there is some metaphysical force you are connecting to, or if you believe its simply a drug-induced altered state. A source that people believe that psilocybin helps them achieve a mystical state? Or a source about something else? Isn't the defining feature of a mystical experience that the participant feels that they had one (its a concept about subjective internal states, not an objective thing to measure beyond i guess self-reported surveys). Given that its going to be self reported anyways, i think the general acedotes about psilocybin inducing spirtual "states" is pretty compelling. Anyways, https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5772431/ is a study on the effect of psilocybin induced mystical experiences. Id kind of like that. Grepping in a directory also containing minified js (with ten thousand character long lines) is a pain Umm, isnt the universal quantifier by definition not the existential qualifier? I'm not familar with pyre, but i have experimented with some security static analysis tools. The one's i have experimented with take some normal program and try to analyse it. The analysis is usually far from complete, and as a result has so many false positives that its difficult to adopt. Anyways, i would say those are rather different from systems where you give an actual proof of correctness. "Trying all possible solutions" is generally a bad metaphor for quantum computing and will confuse you. (Its more like you start out with all answers being equal probability, and get the wrong answers to somehow cancel each other out making the "right" answer have a high probability) I am not a quantum person but i once saw a geometric explanation for grover's algorithm which kind of made it all make sense to me. (grover's algorithm is the quantum algo you use for problems where you dont know any approach better than brute force. It can bruteforce stuff in O(sqrt(n)) guesses instead of O(n) like a normal computer). Basically, the geometric version was that you start with all possibilities being of equal probability (i.e. an even superposition of all possible states), negate the amplitude of the correct answer, then reflect the amplitudes around a line that is the mean of the amplitudes (do that sqrt(n)) times. The end result is the correct answer has a higher probability than the other answers. I unfortunately can't find the thing where i originally saw this, but they visualized it basically as a bar graph (of the amplitudes of possible states) and it seemed much clearer to me than other explanations i have come across Im not an expert on quantum computers but I'm not aware of any applications in the embedded space. Generally quantum computers are good for three things * factoring numbers (and other highly related order-finding problems). RIP RSA, but not that applicable outside of crypto. * unstructured search (brute forcing a problem in only O(sqrt(n)) gueses instead of an average of n/2 gueses). Certainly useful...but its not a big enough speedup to be earth shattering. * simulating various quantum systems (so scientists can do experiments easier). Probably by far the most useful/practical application in the near/medium term. There's not a whole lot else they are good for (that we know of, yet) From what i understand, the original context of "security through obscurity=bad" is that its really hard to keep secrets, and its hard to design secure systems, so peer review is really helpful. Thus if the security of your system relies on it being secret, you are probably in a bad place because its hard to keep something so big secret, its hard to redesign the system if it leaks, you probably had less people look at it in order to keep it secret. This is in contrast to just having a password or key secret. You can easily change a password if it gets leaked. You can keep a small password secret much easier than the design of the whole system, etc. More generally, security is like any other field. You have to evaluate arguments based on the logic and evidence given. The main difference is that with crypto, it is much easier to shoot yourself in the foot and have catastrophic failure, since you have to be perfect and the attackers just have to be right once to totally own you. Thus the industry has standardized on a few solutions that have been checked really really well. More generally, if you are interested, i would say read the actual papers. The papers on bcrypt, argon2 etc explain what problems they are trying to solve, usually by contrasting with previous solutions that have failed in some fashion. That doesn't mean reading the paper will explain everything or make you an expert or qualify you to roll your own crypto. Nor should you believe just because a paper author says something is a good idea that it actually is. It will however explain why slow hash function like bcrypt/argon2/scrypt were created and are better choices than the previous solutions in the domain like md5. Basically, the first person to write an article gets to choose unless its something related to a particular region. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Manual_of_Style#Nati... I imagine that's a joke, but for reference the official policy is that minor regional differences dont get their own lang wikipedia - https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Language_proposal_policy#Req... . Some languages do get semi-automated translation like chinese (simplified vs traditional) or serbian (latin vs cyrillic). Of course, its always hard to draw distinct lines. There are some lang codes with wikipedias that are similar to english like sco, jam and ang. (Not to mention https://simple.wikipedia.org but that is a bit of a special case) Ugh, that was an annoying article. Clickbaity and burrying the lede which turned out to be very uninteresting Those two cases sound rather different based on the intent. The ford case seemed to be ford trying to get around Midler saying no. Its clear they wanted to imitate her for the purpose of selling their cars. The current case is a mix of satire and people playing around with new technologies (with youtube advertising money being incidental). If anything seems more like a personality rights issue than a copyright issue. IANAL. What a silly metric. Is there any point other then feeding language-war trolls? Interesting idea, but im pretty unconvinced its a threat in practise. People will connect to any free wifi they can find, you don't need to trick them into it. Use HSTS if you need security. (The author of course says its easy to forget on some obscure part...well yes. Security is hard for a reason) They were talking about people autoconnecting to an office ssid on the bus. If you use your office phone on the bus, you probably use it at the coffee shop too. What type of threat model is this? Even standard unencrypted email is largely opportunisticly encrypted these days. Security properties of that is "debatable", but a fax isn't encrypted at all... > one week's notice between the initial announcement and the patch coming out. The patch being released is basically a disclosure of the vulnerability While your other points may be valid, one week should be plenty of time between announcement and patch. Any longer and i would call the time table problematic. That sounds like an old corporation problem. The world should not pay the price of old corporations inflexibility. If someone hacks your system you certainly wont have a week to respond. The longer a vendor sits on a vuln, the more likely it is to leak or to be rediscovered by a malicious party. I still dont think that makes sense. Every attack you can do against email you can do against fax. MITM the connection - even ignoring opportunistic encryption, almost certainly easier to physically witetap some random office than it is to wiretap the internet connection between google's data center and microsoft's data center (picked as two random big email providers) Insider at destination: your email account has a password and audit logs. Fax machines sit in the middle of a room. Usually anyone can just walk over Insider at source: most people have their own computer/email account set up. Going to some sketchy shop with a public fax machine that any malicious party could have secretly modified is much worse. Finding an sha-512 collision is not a problem that quantum computers can help with, even in theory.* Anyways, if you want something that can be verified on a classical computer but cannot be done on a classical computer, see google's recent Quantum supremacy experiment. However it is extremely contrived. I think the most likely non contrived thing will be simulating simpilish quantum systems (to help with chemistry experiments and the like), but its probably still going to be a while before we start seeing that i think (IANA quantum scientist). *Edit: to clarify, quantum computers can speed the process up of finding a collision in theory, just not enough to help. Normally you would need O(2^256) operations to find sha512 collision (Birthday paradox), quantum (BHT) gets you down to O(2^170), which is better, but still way to high. Most crypto assumes anything greater than 2^128 is secure by a comfortable margin. Contrived means "Deliberately created rather than arising naturally or spontaneously" https://www.lexico.com/en/definition/contrived . I think the problems used to demonstrate quantum supremacy very literally meet that definition - they were largely created for the sole purpose of demonstrating supremacy; they are not problems we naturally want to know the answers to. I'm not sure what you're doing on this site if not to listen to randoms talk. Even on other topics, its not like the various language fanboys that want to rewrite every program in $language are actual experts. I would also add rejecting a comment that doesnt depend on credentials out of hands due to lack of credentials is a form of the genetic fallacy Well by that definition Tor doesn't provide anonyminity either. A common definition of anonoyminity is that given a set of users, its impossible to determine which element (person) of the set did the action (published a document) [or have a better chance of guessing than guessing at random]. I think freenet mostly provides this property (with a bunch of devil in the details) Freenet and IPFS are both content addressable retrieval systems, so they are similar in that way. However otherwise they are very different and there have been many other systems based on the idea of addressing things by hash. BitTorrent and DHT are two very notable systems of that type, and unlike freenet they are known for their speed. They are also known for people getting sued for piracy. I dont think the comparison between freenet and ipfs is very illuminating But your argument was "All Freenet peers know each others IP addresses". All the nodes in the tor network also know each other's ip addresses. (I suppose clients arent really public, especially if you are using a obfuscating bridge). I don't understand how you are distinguishing between "plausible deniability" and "anonyminity". I feel like either both freenet & tor either have these properties or they both don't, depending on what your definition of those terms are. That's not to say they have the same threat model or provide the same protections. They are very different systems that have different properties - but at a broad-brush high level they both roughly allow you to publish stuff without people being able to easily track the information back to you under various assumptions. > But it's hard to imagine how any low-latency overlay network could resist global adversaries. This is a bit of an aside, but making a scalabe low-latency anonymous network is tricky. If you drop the scalabe requirement you can use dining cryptographers. Or maybe they just died of other things. Pretty sure most people didn't die of old age historically. Clickbait headline. Headline implies something that is trusted by the web pki, which this cleary isnt. Everyone making a bespoke api is not the same as someone making a better car. Key word is "better" The issue is that a lot of people talk up "innovation" in the tech industry, that isn't. For every person who makes a better car, lots of people make the same or worse cars. As a random example, which format would you rather have your api serialization format be in: ASN, XML or Json? I for one am glad that innovation made ASN and XML go away. > I predict that soon there will be a large class action lawsuit with thousands of restaurants going after the delivery services for these underhanded tactics. On what basis? You can't just sue someone because you don't like them-you have to have some argument that they wronged you. I don't know, it doesn't seem that unreasonable to me. Walmart is allowed to advertise it sells Levi jeans, even though it sells other brands than Levi. If doordash didn't sell Saddleback food, i'd agree, but given that doordash distributes Saddleback products, seems reasonable to me they are allowed to advertise "buy Saddleback bbq here" This is cool, but To me, the 98.css rocks more. It feels like a more clear and consistent ui. I wonder if that's really true or if its just ny nostalgia for what i had as a kid. Probably the latter. Nonetheless, props to the author Sure, but the author didn't claim that grubhub was doing that. The author claimed that the grubhub had an ad saying you could order "Saddleback bbq", which took you to an app where you could indeed order saddleback bbq (among other things). That seems to me to be a significantly different situation. Yet again proving that nobody cares if your product is a security disaster. That's quite a stretch. To quarter means to live somewhere not to violently search something. IANAL but naively i would think that "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects,[a] against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated..." would be applicable, since its kind of unreasonsble to do a no-knock warrant when a normal search would be fully sufficient. Well if you are going to use custom software to alter how protocols work, you could just change your web browser. And this is why you are supposed to check the origin and host headers before sending sensitive data to a web socket Its not really a mitigation if its the core security model. A mitigation is a work around. I guess technically a mitigation is anything that fixes the issue, but for example if someone had a password protected app that was hacked because it didnt check the password, i would not call actually checking the password a "mitigation" > The obvious flaw in modern web security is that the domain isolation model does not make any sense today. It's an outdated hack. Software communication should be done thorough something resembling actor model where code running locally is thought of as completely separate entity from the web server. It shouldn't have anything to do with domains. Communication from any actor to any other actor should be subject to the same security model, regardless of where their code was loaded from. Escalating privileges between actors should be a universal and well-established process with known guarantees, not a bloody mess of ad-hoc conventions, headers and "best practices" that change with every browser, app and year. How would that change anything? The flaw is the websocket was open to anyone (on the application layer. All security in the example was due to what ip addressess the websocket binded to on the network layer). If you replace the same origin policy with some other security policy, it wouldn't really make a difference, unless your web socket decided to use it, and in that case you might as well use the existing same origin policy. If your real argument is that CORS/same origin policy/websocket security policy is inconsistently specified and has made some questionable specification decisions - sure i agree with you. But that has nothing to do with using origin as the security domain for websites The fundamental flaw here is using the ip address and assumed sufficientness of only binding to 127.0.0.1 as a security measure without application level mitigation, not how browsers do network security Edit: reflecting on this, i think i change my mind a bit. The fundamental problem isn't that the web security model is full of hacks, but that the websocket spec decided to ignore it and instead focus on the socket (tcp connection) model of secirity. If you open a socket all the server has to authenticate is the ip address. Anyone can open a socket to anywhere, any orher authentication has to be taken from higher level protocol. In websockets, its mostly the same. Anyone can open to anywhere, and webserver just has ip address and origin to authenticate. Anything else should be done in higher level protocol. The problem is people see websocket and assume WEB socket not web SOCKET . This feels a little sensationalized. This is just how dmca work. Party 1 files a notice, party 2 files a counter notice, party 1 either puts up or shuts up. The article makes it sound like github is picking sides, where really they are just not getting in the middle of the fight. I agree, the original take down request was inappropriate (although i've heard of much worse abuses). I think everything after that point though was pretty standard, and in particular github's behaviour in all this wss very standard. Because its an irrelavent inflamatory political dig. How true it is is beside the point. As an example with a different context, if someone was talking about the efforts of the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation to eliminate malaria, and then in the middle randomly added a dig about how MS had mean bussiness practises in the 90s, i would also downvote them, regardless of how true that might be. He admitted he only registered it because netflix didn't, and he had no other non netflix related website in mind to host there. I think that's borderline bad faith. Its not exactly good faith. If he had never heard of netflix he never would have registered it. > Slack co-founder Stewart Butterfield might be a household name today, but in 2001 'Kay. Maybe in your household. Is this really a tech downturn? Yes, some companies are laying people off, with gig-economy things particularly hard hit, but the entire economy is a mess right now. It doesn't seem like tech is relatively more affected than other industries. I do agree with the general premise that a bubble bursting is like a forest fire clearing away all the bullshit (along with many people's livlihood), and the current tech industry has a lot of BS ripe for being cleared away. Slack is certainly more well known than its founder, but neither are household names unless you live in silicon valley. As an example, have you ever watched a movie where someone uses slack? I haven't. Have you ever seen a movie where someone uses google (or some rebranded website that's obviously a google stand-in)? Of course you have. That's what a household name is. Edit: also if it was rephrased that way the rest of the paragraph wouldn't make sense because they're discussing slack's founder well known-ness, not slack. Oh, the author is an angel investor in slack! I guess that explains the household name thing. I was originally just assuming some extreme version of living in the silicon valley filter bubble. > My bet is always-on broadband. Virtual worlds, digital entertainment, gaming …. None of it would be possible without broadband. Today, we have about 100-250 Mbps in most modern homes. In some places, you can get a gigabit per second. Now imagine what we could do if, in ten years, we all have 10 gigabits per second in our homes, and we have in-home networks that are fast and fat. Hmm. Kind of an interesting take. I predict the opposite. I think we have hit the diminishing returns on bandwidth. People don't even know what to do with residential internet in the 100mbps. We can stream HD video (both up and down)...what else is there. If there are no applications straining at bandwidth limits now, im not sure improving them will make new products. If anything i think the best gains are going to be in latency and in mobile bandwidth. Cheap high speed, no data cap, internet for cell phones would be pretty great. But still i'd consider that incremental. I think its unlikely the next big technology enabler will be the same as the last one. > In 2001, we imagined a 100 Mbps future — and we got Google, a nearly trillion-dollar company. Google was founded in 1998, and that was still the dial-up era. At the time, I was probably thinking a 1mbps future sounded pretty grand and couldn't imagine 100mbps. Heck my internet right now isn't even that fast. Sure, but latency and bandwidth are different things. Reducing latency by a few orders of magnitudes would open up tons of applications (not sure i agree that video conf is one of them, dont think latency of internet is the main issue there) but i don't think we are likely to see much beyond incremental improvements (light only travels so fast) Almost all societies have multiple classes of citizens. Significantly less have multiple currencies. That's a bit pedantic - the poster would cleary be happy with something that worked 99.9% of the time, and there is no technical reason why our packet switched network can't suppot that in theory That's within 1 (base 10) order of magnitude of the theoretical max (which seems like it would be very hatd to get close to). Sure there is room for incremental improvements, but we're not going to be making order of magnitude improvements. That's what its intended to do, but i think what it would actually do is kind of debatable. America isn't a dictatorship (yet) As an aside, in canada, the first case overturning a law for being unconstitutional for violating free speech was kind of that situation, where the alberta government wanted newspapers to have to publish official "rebuttals" to previous articles, against their will. This was before canada had free speech in the constitution, but violating free speech was considered insufficiently "british", and laws had to be in the spirit of britian. Obviously none of that is relavent to the USA, but kind of seems similar I feel like this is fake or some internal draft that was never going to see the light of day. But if its real, i wonder what will happen to silcon valley. Part of the reason why internet companies like the united states is the legal environment is conducive to making online services. If that goes away, will companies move to other countries So after actually reading it, it seems to want two things: * prevent astro-turfing, especially by foreign governments * require that sites engaging in moderation basically follow some sort of rule of law-eaque process (there are rules posted, and you cant be arbitraily blocked unless you break them) Honestly in many ways those are things i agree with, but it seems inappropriate to do it with an executive order, and much of this seems vauge and could be used as a justification to put pressure on social media sites arbitrarily. I dont really understand US law, but isnt this just a statement of executive branch policy. Wouldn't this not affect the ability of private parties to sue? They were always able to use any argument they felt made sense. There is an implication of they are going to crack down on sites banning americans to help the astro-turfers, but nobody does that, so sounds like bs. And i dont know, maybe the section on not allowing gov to advertise on such platforms is aimed at that (if you give very strong benefit of doubt). But yeah, i think you are right. Well the political consequences are kind of bad. CA system is built around trust. Not being able to secure their servers, even non critical ones, degrades trust. Sure, but if i can't trust someone to run a CT server, why would i trust them to run a CA? > Also of note, is Ed25519 does not harden itself with additional "bits" in the normal RSA sense, it relies on "rounds" of KDF to apply more brute-force protection to the passphrase That doesn't make sense. Key stretching your pass phrase, and the number of bits your key pair is, is totally separate. The reason people dont talk about number of bits in Ed25519, is that the security margins are higher and many of the more efficient algos for cryptoanalyzing this stuff dont work on elliptic curves, so you dont have to be constantly changing the key strength to keep up with better computers, its just always 256 bits. That may be true, but just because ed25519 might be better, doesn't mean RSA is a "problem" > there -is- a conscious observer present inside of the sealed box: the cat. Thus there is no super-position and therefore the cat will observe itself I think you are misinterpreting what "observe" means in this context. Conciousness has nothing to do with it. The paralell universe thingy or the "multiple worlds" interpretation (which is what i assume you mean) is one of the competing philosophical explanations for what is going on during quantum mechanics. Like most topics in metaphysics, there is no evidence either way, and there are competiting interpretations that are just as good (but don't capture the imagination in the same way). Its based off the cat experiment in that its trying to explain what is happening there metaphysically, but the parallel universe interpretation doesn't make any testable predictions beyond those made by quantum mechanics, so neither the experiment nor any other experiment, proves it. Any sort of visiting paralell universes stuff is pure sf. Which part are you saying is nonsense? You just repeated what the article was saying. Its stil based on a problem highly related to prime numbers. I think the article is just saying in practise its impossible to have entanglement on such a macro scale, so in practise the geiger counter would collapse the wave function and thus the cat would not stay in a superposition state. I don't see anything contradictory in that. But its been a very long time and my physics is pretty rusty In an alternate universe, hackers could all have been rollerbladers. I want to live in that universe. I was under the impression the key size was 256 bits but the security level was 128 bits. But IANA cryptographer. Are there attacks on RSA with appropriate key sizes? We replaced SHA-1 because the attacks, even if just theoretical, were clearly on the horizon (and we replaced with sha-256 which is basically the same thing with a few tweaks and some parameters increased). RSA certainly has attacks, but they have been compensated with bigger key sizes. Is there any reason to suspect that 4096 bit RSA will be unsafe anytime soon, other than quantum computers? Disclaimer: Iana cryptographer Lots of different types of unions exist. Seems silly to throw the idea out because some unions fought for things that aren't popular with this crowd. Instead make a union that fights for the things you want. They are democratic institutions after all. This viewpoint always seemed silly to me. Actors have a union, yet the variation between highest paid actors and low paid actors is in the hundreds of millions. So? Don't have that type of union. Unions fight for what their members want them to fight for. Some unions fight for things i wouldn't want. Some unions fight for things that i would want in some jobs but not in the tech industry. It doesn't follow that just because one union did X all unions would do X. What's the value of money if you are too stressed to enjoy it? Are you saying that the views of the majority are better represented in dictatorships? Didnt it? I remember "reboot in msdos mode" being a thing. "Secretly" With electron microscopes of course! Cartesian doubt becomes pointless at some point. If you're worried that the deep state has implanted microchips in your brain to prevent you from analyzing signal, it probably doesn't matter because at that point they wouldn't need to hack signal to get to you. A less snarky and more realistic answer is: threat models and risk assesment. (Non-divine) adversaries generally have limited resources. The limit may be high, but its still there. You can realistically worry about a government coercing a service to hand over keys, because that's easily within their power. On the other hand, having a giant conspiracy-trusting trust style-where every compiler & microchip has a backdoor that is inserted into every tool ever compiled, is a bit unrealistic. It would take thousands of people to be in on it to pull it off, spread across many countries (who hate each other) over at least 50 years. Having that many people, especially academics, keep that type of secret for that long is basically impossible. If they could do that, it would be child's play to have most of the protestors be gov agents, so if you think this is realistic, worry about that first. Anyways, in my judgement governments don't have that kind of power, so its probably not something to worry about. So, to conclude, estimate the level of power and influence you think your enemies have, and then take steps to rule out the possibilities that your enemies have done the things that are theoretically in their power to do. Start with the possibilities that are most likely multiplied by how bad it would be for you (liklihood*severity = risk) MD5 is not safe for this use case. Assuming the provider is malicious, this is exactly the scenario where MD5 is broken (i.e. it is possible to make source code that compiles a certain way so that you can make another binary that has the same hash but is different. The bright side is the attack would have evidence as there would be certain patterns in the binary that could be detected if you knew how/where to look. That said, just use sha256) There's a lot more than just crypto. Its much more common for systems to fail in the supporting code then it is for the crypto to be wrong. So first step is probably learn reverse engineering and verify the crypto is being used correctly. Then after that get a phd in cryptography. Fair enough. The point still stands you should do normal source code auditing before worrying about the crypto aspects. Do people really condemn companies for not using FHE? Anyone who knows anything even remotely about FHE knows that its not practical in real applications yet, and won't be for a while. FHE has a lot of properties beyond just those needed to search a db. If you have a specific application in mind there may be more efficient things. E.g. if you want to keep secret what you are looking at but server knows the keys, see research on private information retrieval. See also some of the research on order preserving encryption and the like (although lots of those schemes have questionable security properties). Of course everything has tradeoffs, but often "perfect" security is unnessary in an application. I'm of the opinion it can be, but i don't know if a comparison to the era of moore's law is really compelling, since we are not in that world anymore. One of the scenarios is that the cloud provider has an algorithm they want to keep secret. Clients want to use the algorithm but dont trust cloud provider with their data. Honestly though, i mostly find FHE interesting theoretically. The fact that its possible at all is black magic. I'm sure if it ever gets remotely efficient people will come up with more creative applications, but in the meanwhile its resesrch worth it for research sake. Note that encrypted db stuff generally tries to use weaker notions of security in exchange for performance. Generally research revealed that it was even weaker than the authors thought. FHE is generally something different. >Does a system like cingulata offers encryption as strong or better than aes256gcm? One of the security garuntees of aes-gcm is non malleablity. Any attempt to modify the ciphertext is detected. This is the key reason why GCM is popular over older methods like CBC. In homomorphic encryption, the entire point is to be able to able to do arbiteary computations on ciphertexts without decrypting. So even theoretically it would be impossible for homomorphic encryption to give same/better security properties as aes-gcm. FHE encryption is bleeding edge crypto. You probably shouldn't use it in real systems with hard security requirements at all without input from experts. I used to work for a US company as a remote employee (contractor). I'm a canadian citizen, so it will be different if you dont have the right to work here, but for me its pretty easy. You're basically considered self-employeed and have to declare your income. You also have to register for a GST number (you don't have to charge gst, but you do have to report charging $0. Its weird). The tax forms are easy enough you can definitely just print them out and fill out yourself, or hire a tax person to do them for you. (Disclaimer: not an accountant, hire a real one if you want real tax advice). I have no idea how it works if your not a citizen. In general i think work visas are fairly easy to get if you are a skilled worker like a software engineer, especially coming from a NAFTA country. Its certainly an exception on the winter front. How walkable cities are are going to vary by city. Vancouver is very walkable. Also if you live somewhere up north, its not going to be that walkable even with a great bus system, because waiting for the bus in -30 sucks. The debacle with zoom installing a secret webserver that stays on your computer after uninstalling so it can reinstall zoom and also had rce vulns, happened a year ago. That was before covid and zoom's current level of popularity. So i'm going to go with no. I see you were downvoted. I gave you an upvote because nobody should ever be penalized for asking people to back their claims up with a source. To support format string vulnerabilities! /s Perhaps im missing something, but the vision seems to be: imagine putting conference recording on youtube, but with a less convinent technical platform and content that's not interesting/marketing BS. What exactly am i supposed to be excited about? From the article: > Clearly, it is trivial to detect that a disk is encrypted with LUKS. In fact, this isn't just a problem with LUKS; but also with most password-based disk encryption solutions. This isn't surprising: it turns out to be a difficult problem to solve. Is it though? The reason people add metadata headers is because they provide features, such as allowing different parameters without the user having to know them, allowing autodetection that encryption is in use when you plug in a portable drive, etc. Puree trades-off these features for instead having deniable encryption. However for most users, deniable encryption is pretty useless, and those other features are very useful. Hence why most disk encryption solutions go with non-deniability. Not quite, as i doubt exclusive or is meant here. Reminds me a lot of some of the research into distributed full text search in p2p networks (e.g. http://rboutaba.cs.uwaterloo.ca/Papers/Journals/2009/Reaz09.... ) Probably some of the lessons from that domain could be applied here It doesn't seem like you are objecting to the term so much as the idea it represents. If the original poster instead substituted in the meaning of that term, e.g. if they said instead "This is taking insincerly aligning yourself with socially progressive causes in a trivial fashion in order to gain social standing while avoiding taking a stand on things that matter,to an extreme"* I assume you would still want to object? If so you should object to what they are saying not how. *The term virtue signaling seems to be used differently by different people, so not sure if that was a fair substitution of definition. I feel like the term virtue signaling is used in a way that almost always implies some implication of insinceerity, i.e. they are doing it for popularity/upvotes/etc and not out of moral concern. As such i agree with the other poster that it is in essence an ad hominem, although usually its not solely an ad hominem but combined with some argument that the advocacy is superficial or ineffective. (Although typically on the internet its a pretty weak argument most of the time) Search in essence is just trying to find the document that has all the right keywords. Well also trying to rank them but that's kind of harder in this context. I agree its not stealing (the mission is to collect and disseminate knowledgge, not to drive page hits), but the main workflow to get new users is somewhat disrupted by more queries being answered by google. It wouldn't be adopted due to middle boxes, so all the difference? That is the use case its targeting (relative to http/2) There are reasons for that beyond crypto-everywhere-goodness - in the main use case crypto helps prevent middleboxes from messing with things which is critical for its success. So? I dont care who the mods are. Reddit is a glorified collection of web forums. Like all web forums they live and die by the signal to noise ratio. Reddit is popular because most subreddits match up to some subgroup that thinks it has decent signal to noise ratio. The title led me to believe there was supposed to be a guide here? All it claims is that sometimes small specialist companies can swoop in and outcompete big companies in a specific niche. Certainly true. Has nothing to do with technology or websites. The opposite is true of course too, that big companies can benefit from efficiencies of scale and pooling resources across different niches. This is literally business 101. Wikipedia is not really an authoritarian model. You can't be appointed owner of an article or anything. That's not to say there aren't rules, but rules are decided by collective decisions (or in practise the collective decisions of people from 15 years ago) and are implemented based on argument, debate and evidence. Usually when people say an "authoritarian" governance model, they mean there is a ruler or small class of elites, and whatever they say goes, no discussion, no debate, no appeal. That is very much not what wikipedia is like. It is however what a lot of social media sites are like (good luck appealing a fb moderator decision) What would be the benefit of that over just having a different site dedicated to that. I think there is plenty of room for all types of sites on the internet, but they don't have to all be hosted by the same group. That's how specs should work, when there is a feature nobody wants and nobody has implemented. There are ways to engage in dispute resolution. More court system than report card. Actually getting results can be difficult and involves lots of politics (or so people tell me, i haven't actually been involved in major disputes at wikipedia) Assesing editors implies that someone is an authority above editors, to judge over them. There are of course moderators ("Administrators"), but the general idea is you are supposed to appeal to your peers and convince the group of your position, not convince someone in authority. To clarify, i'm not saying Wikipedia is a utopia, just that its not authortarian. I'd probably describe it as a beurocratic-anarchist-doocracy The problem with reddit is it seems to mostly crack down on stuff when the press is bad. Radical free speech is a view i can respect. Making an intentional healthy and respectful community via a strong moderation policy is an alternative policy that i can also respect. However, cracking down when the press is bad but otherwise mostly not caring unless it is eggregious is a hard position to get behind morally. A starting place to see how the sausage is made might be https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WP:SIGNPOST which is an internal newspaper type thing (although recently its not quite as well regarded as it used to be). Usually it has summaries and links to the big disputes and discussions, especially anything going through arbcom (sort of like an internal court system) Of course big disputes tend to be a bit different than "small" disputes. Wikipedia has all sorts of internal pages documenting these things, E.g. https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Wikimedia_power_structure and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Polling_is_not_a_sub... Also, much of the complaints/dispute pages are very public and you can read them e.g. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Administrators%27_no... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Administrators%27_no... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Arbitration/Requests Seems like optimizing for short term gains over long term sustainability. A mistake lots of businesses make. Seems like easy solution is make it a loan. If they make it work, they can keep the money for free, if not, they pay back with interest. Other than webRTC being related to video playing, i dont see the connection. They don't really describe the exploit, so hard to say, but the webrtc leak isn't really in the video player part, its super well known (literally a feature not a bug) so i dont think you would need to pay six figures for it, and tails uses tor browser which doesn't support webrtc. The article specificly says the issue was in code that used to be in tails and isnt anymore. Additionally, the motherboard article describes the payload as a video file uploaded to dropbox, which doesnt sound like webrtc. The problem here doesn't seem to be require a specific security control, so much as "have access control". Any access control. And test that it works. It was always dismissive. Serious people used already existing terms like propaganda or yellow journalism. DoubleClick is owned by google. Seems reasonable enough that its one of the run experiments domains. Handshake sounds exactly like namecoin which has been here for a while. I guess its trying to be better by not requiring all nodes to be full nodes or something. I feel like that is not the reason why namecoin failed. As an aside, anyone else notice how it seems like all blockchain projects are annoyingly full of marketing speak, and talk in circles for the tech part. How hard is it to clearly and concisely list the technical goals and properties your solution has? I think OP is being reductive, but at the same time, people do make new religions. We usually call them cults. Christianity didn't get a billion followers overnight, it took literally 2000 years of proselytizing. Who knows, the scientologists of today might be the mainstream religion of tomorrow Survivorship bias? Or am i just missing the joke here? So let me get this straight: The main innovation of handshake is they reinvented DANE on the blockchain? Don't get me wrong, DANE in DNS has some issues, but how is that an improvement from namecoin? Are you saying namecoin is incapable of storing the hash of a certificate in its name records? I'd also bet the cost of a 51% attack on handshake is significantly less than the cost of hacking a CA. [Edit: after posting this i realize im not sure the 51% attack is a relavent attack here, since "double spending" isn't going to help someone pull off a MITM] The other inovation, is instead of scoping it so it doesnt conflict with existing system, instead handshake directly conflicts with existing DNS names. I fail to see why that is a good thing. I will admit the auction system is an interesting solution to the cybersquatting problem. I dont think its what most people want out of a naming system (if own microsoft, i want my domain to be microsoft.com, not to wait 10 years for it to be released), but it is an interesting solution. I suppose to give it to someone else. Giving away possesions is a common warning sign for suicide from what i understand. Does performance matter in this context? Git isn't exactly hashing terabytes of data. For 1) while the narrative is compelling, it doesn't seem like that much was leaked. Just that he managed to withdraw a lot of money in an unusual fashion. The rest is conjecture. Compelling conjecture but still conjecture (I'm assuming that the way paying CIs works is not a secret, they just needed someone to quote to back it up) I guess the question that comes to mind is, what would be the motive? That is if you are implying this was an attack by a foreign government (and not that he was a foreign spy who just coincidentally went nuts). I suppose if it was spies there could be a lot non obvious going on behind the scenes. At face value though i cant see who would benefit from this. True, but i have trouble seeing that as something worthy of international espionage Given the details, it might be a nation state, it might be some bored teenager. People are constantly claiming to be attacked by nation states to hide their incompetence (nobody ever gets blamed that they failed to deter "China") Well tbf, stuxnet & flame are probably the two cyber-attacks that can actually beyond all doubt be called cyber warfare. Most everything else seems more about finding a scapegoat to blame. I dont think that website is very compelling. It claims a bunch of things as not good practise, and then asserts without evidence or example that openbsd does them. Quite frankly it reads like someone with an axe to grind against openbsd. Im not super familar with openbsd or pledge, but isn't pledge just an extension of standard privledge segregation stuff? People have been using privledge segregation for decades at this point. The fact you have a service contract with red hat is irrelavent to the question of if openbsd is more or less "secure" than linux Doesn't it though? The BSD's aren't really distributed using the linux model of multiple distros for the same kernel. Wat? If wireguard doesn't meet your requirements, don't use it, but its kind of rediculous to complain it doesn't do X when doing X would defeat the point of the software. Sorry to nitpick, but hpkp and expect-ct arent really relavent here (since browsers dropped support for hkpk, and expect-ct is now basically the default in chrome). HSTS is what is needed However, you only need 1 http website to pull off the attack, so its not really a problem that hsts is great at addressing since its opt i per server. The easy way to do this attack is control the local wifi, and make the login landing page malicious. All of this presupposes you can create an algorithm that can "check" if something is illegal. That seems impossible if you have to define the algorithm before the crime is comitted, and honestly still pretty difficult even if you know what specificly you are looking for. Can i choose /dev/null as my 5 friends? I think this somewhat misses the point though - i dont think people are worried about the average TOR user. The average tor user is probably just fine. People are worried about the one person with an axe to grind making everyone's life miserable who turns to tor after being blocked through normal means. Should people be worried about that? Idk, i think there are probably ways to mitigate the risk of that at least somewhat. However the article didn't address that concern, and you can't change hearts and minds if you don't talk about what people are actually worried about. There are some proposals in this direction (serious proposals that might actually happen. Not just wishful thinking proposals) https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/IP_Editing:_Privacy_Enhancem... Yes, it downloads a list of all exit nodes. Code is open source and viewable at https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-extensions-TorBlock Tor is a pretty centralized architecture-the client using tor gets to choose its path through the tor network. It needs to know all the nodes in the system in order to construct a valid path I'm pretty sure every technology that promised "you dont have to ever look at it, tooling will take care of it for you" has failed because eventually you do have to look at it, and no effort has been put in to make it look "nice"* *except arguably compilers. Its very rare that people look at the asm output outside of specialized domains. That's a lot of supposing. Suppose instead if piracy wasn't an option the poster just played free games instead, or did something else with their time. > but it's also probably not "buy zero games". In this scenario, the poster may very well not have a credit card (because what's the point if you have no income, also a minor), so it might very we be the case he was physically unable to purchase these games online, especially in the era before online "gift cards" were a thing. Poster said in theory if he spent all his money he could pay for 10% of the games he pirated. It does not follow that he neccesarily would if piracy was not an option. If i buy something for $0, and then later the cost goes up,it doesn't follow i would automatically buy it at an increased cost even if i can afford it. Depriving someone of a potential sale is a weird definition of theft. Generalizing it seems like it would lead to problematic outcomes. If a critic writes a negative book review, and people do not buy the book as a result, did the reviewer "steal" from the author? Max theoretically i can spend (sum of all my income after basic needs met) != max i will spend on video games. In fact, it would be insane to assume that i would spend 100% of my disposible income on one thing. > i really think that alot of people just don't think things though before they open their mouth and this is one time where you should have thought through your answer instead of jumping on the "knowledge should be free" bandwagon. Respectfully, if the original poster didn't think things through, you should be able to come up with a counter argument that goes beyond just asserting s/he is wrong. Something that appeals to some sort of underlying principle. For non-intellectual property most justifications rest on, there is only 1 car, we can't both have it. Seems like it is most fair it belongs to the entity who made it (or for things in nature first to find), who can then trade it to other people. This argument rests on the notion "we can't both exclusively use something" which doesn't apply to ideas. The foundation for why intellectual property makes sense (in a philosophical sense) is much less clear, is a much more modern invention, and most of the time seems much more akin to the gov giving a tax benefit than to a natural right. >"it can be argued the same as downloading a movie or a song or an application." I don't think anyone is disputing this. I certainly think movies, songs and programs should be treated the same as books. People are arguing for what should be, not what is. In that context it doesn't matter what happens to be illegal right now. Laws do change over time - and intellectual property is a relatively recent invention compared to normal property. I think this is an interesting analogy (maybe even better would be bus fare for a city bus). However marginal cost is not zero for the airline. Fuel costs money. There are limited seats on the plane. The marginal cost of copying a digital book is actually zero. However, even if marginal cost was 0 (lets say a movie theatre that is empty), it does somehow still seem wrong if its physical in a way i can't easily distinguish from the digital case. I suppose maybe the difference is, that if i own a piece of land, i should have the right to prevent trespassing so i can enjoy the land without being harrased. Being able to charge admission is an extension of that. But the intellectual case, someone reading my book doesnt prevent me from enjoying reading my book myself. > What if I set up a tent on your lawn and take it down whenever you want to play frisbee? You lose nothing. Much of northern europe has a "freedom to roam" making this explicitly legal and acceptable (within certain limits). Nobody is saying that all law should be based in property. There are plenty of laws that aren't based in property and that is ok. E.g., we don't say murder is wrong because it deprives someone of property. > There are dozens of examples of "borrowing" that just aren't done in polite society because the owner doesn't want them to be done. And there are many examples of "borrowing" that are considered acceptable in polite society regardless of the "owner's" opinion. There are more factors in play then what the originator of the idea thinks of the matter. > Piracy hurts the author's ability to sell books. Free copies just have that effect. Every normal human understands it So? Society is not under a general responsibility to make people money. You can say the same thing about many acceptable activities: Negative critical reviews hurt the author's ability to sell books. Negative reviews just have that effect. Every normal human understands it. > Even the marginal cost of production/copying is zero, actual marginal cost is not. ??? I'm confused. You seem to be redefining the term marginal cost to mean the opposite of what its normal definition is. > can you give examples? of acceptable borrowing without consent, or in direct opposition to consent. Well since we're talking about intellectual property, quoting is an obvious example. Often in debates (esp. Political) people will "borrow" their opposition's words against their will with the intention of making them look stupid. Most science involves working off other's ideas, without the ideas originator's consent (but attribution is required). > What are the general responsibilities of society? That's a heavy philosophical question, and answers will vary. Usually involves ensuring the administration of justice and having a monoply on violence. Sometimes providing basic neccesesities is included. People often do include enforcing physical property rights here (i have never heard of people including intellectual prop rights, although there probably are people who feel that way). In some communist states, the right for every person to have a job is assumed, which i suppose could be taken to mean a responsibility to make people money. In capitalistic socities there is no garuntee of business success; the fundamental principle being either you should make money on your own merit or go out of business. At most there is a responsibility to create a fair marketplace, but what that means varries a lot. Its quite possibly literally just a bunch of static html files. There is not much maintenance cost there. They probably run all their static sites from the same webservers. It may very well be the same effort to keep it as to delete it. Maybe this varries depending on interest niche, but for me personally, there is so much quality writing that is available for free, much more than i am reasonably able to consume, its hard to imagine paying a subscription for writing. Note the mobile skin is separate from the mobile site. If you set in your preferences the skin Minerva Neue, you will get it on desktop (just the skin, there are non skin differences with the mobile site you wont get). As for why not default- i imagine partially because the mobile site tends to be unpopular with power users (of course opinions vary) I dont think its interesting in itself so much as in applications. I remember talking to someone once who was working on a project where you stick a probe in some soil, and then it uses wikidata to tell you the best type of plant to grow. I have no idea whatever happened to this project, if it worked or not - but it always struck me as a great example of the enabling value of wikidata - that you can use it to power ideas totally unrelated to the original purpose the data was collected for. I dont really think so - the goal is to fill in the gaps of knowledge, not to replace existing wikipedias and whatever policies they may have. I found the hardest part of sparql is forgeting my sql knowledge. Its a very different query language than sql, but some constructs look similar, and its very easy to confuse yourself thinking the construct does a similar thing as sql when it really doesnt I dont think the relationship is that close - all it says is google donated a chunk of money in 2010 and in 2019, it was a large chunk of money(~3% of donations) but not like so much to make a dependency. > Can the data be licensed as GPL-3 or similar? Pretty unlikely tbh. I dont know if anything is decided for licensing, but if it is to be a "copyleft" license it would be cc-by-sa (like wikipedia) since this is not a program. Keep in mind that in the united states, an abstract list of facts cannot be copyrighted afaik (i dont think this qualifies as that, wikidata might though) I remember reading the foundation trilogy, and they used the word nuclear the way that modern sf uses the word quantum. Need a watch you don't need to wind, its nuclear! Need a shield generator for your space ship? Nuclear! I think also in the modern context we overstate the danger of nuclear fallout from nuclear bombs because we think of plant meltdowns like Chernobyl and not actual nuclear bombs (which to be very clear, nukes are still terrifying) People did similar things with land plants https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atomic_gardening I think the answer is be as clear as possible in the interface, but also accept mistakes will be made. People make grammar mistakes in (normal) wikipedia all the time, then other people come along and fix them. I expect the same will occur here. This seems almost identical to http/0.9, and early versions of html Soo umm. Just use netscape 2.0 (+modern TLS) Its often used with bulk file downloads (e.g. curl a multi-gb file while transfering between wifi networks), as well as video streaming sometimes (buffering) >>Gemini has no support for caching, compression, or resumption of interrupted downloads. As such, it's not very well suited to distributing large files, for values of "large" which depend upon the speed and reliability of your network connection. Which honestly is pretty silly, as lots of caching is about reducing latency for small files not saving bandwidth for large files. Suppose it matters less if the documents are self contained. This doesn't make sense to me - it wasn't a secret that iran might do something in retaliation, and if i remember right, they gave advanced notice to iraq about their balistic missiles (which surely leaked to usa). I'm not sure what they would actually conceal by doing this. I'm not sure how - the misile strike happened before the passenger plane was shot down. You can't hide the timing after the event happened. Stem grads generally don't study "advanced mathamatical notation" unless you are the "m" in stem. Of course, its all relative, grade school mathamatical notation is advanced notation to someone who doesn't know it The article includes semantic security in the definition of FHE, so i would assume this implies that all the existing FHE scheme have this property. I think that's roughly the point where CSS was supported well enough to be useful. 2001 was when ie6 was released, so the first browser war was wrapping up at this point and browser features became a bit more fixed. > where web looked like from the 80’s You're aware right that the world wide web was invented in 1991? Can the executive branch just unilaterally ban tiktok or do they need congress? If they dont need congress that's a surprising amount of power in the hands of the executive. What does banning even mean here? Forbidden to be distributed on the app store? Or is it more than that? Are you really surprised that putin is not at the forefront of defending human rights in china? I've heard this story before, but i didn't realize it was as recent as 2002. It feels like something from a much earlier bygone era, like the early 90s I dont really see why its my responsibility as a consumer to police if business deals resturants engage in are "fair". That is the resturant's job. Its part of running a business. Actually its the main part. If the deal doesn't make financial sense - then the business shouldn't make the deal. If the business cannot survive neither taking the deal nor not taking it, then the business is not viable and it should go out of business. At most i support a law requring that resturants can set different prices for uber eats than for walk in customers If they were just regular customers, than there would be no need for the 10% cap. The cap would be 0% because regular customers dont negotiate massive discounts; they pay regular price. Its pretty terrible source material if your trying to make a mainstream hit. The foundation is great, but its not your traditional laser-battle big budget mainstrean action-sf thingy. Lots of things in math. Yes to apply that to the real world, we have to use some assumptions like, the universe isnt a giant trick, the sun will rise tomorrow, we dont live in the matrix, etc. However given the context of this discussion those are fairly reasonable assumptions. You can give argument though. It is concievable it is possible to prove things like: a turing machine (which is an abstract mathematical model, which we absolutely can prove negatives. See for example rice's theorem) can never achieve "human intellegence" (if you come up with a concrete definition of human intelligence). From there you can make the statement: Any physically realized device that is faithfully modelled in terms of computational power by a turing machine, cannot have "human intelligence". Sure you can't prove that silicon devices behave like turing machines, or even that they really exist, but for the sake of this discussion, what does that matter? > You imagine a 'thinking' machine all you want. Doesn't change to reality of the situation that no digital device comes close to thinking. Doesn't it though. Someone from the 1800s would probably absolutely think it does. We have computers that can identify what is in a photo, computers that can do complex math problems (pretty sure historically, the ability to do logic was considered first and foremost what made humans intelligent and not simple "animals", its only recently with the rise of computers this has taken a back seat), computers that can translate between languages, etc. That's not the same as being human, there is no sense of self or independence of action (nor are we anywhere close to having that) but we've made amazing, almost unconcievable strives, in only 100 years. So i think its unfair to say computers dont think at all. [I have not watched the video] Diffie-helman is extensible to 3 people. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie–Hellman_key_exchange#Op... I'm not following your equations (you seem to have C=2^y and 2^x at the same time(?)). Generally the way 3 party works is just like 2 party except you do every operation with both other parties, and the resulting secret is 2^x^y^z. What an unfortunate acronym > Nobody in 2007 was expecting a Nazi revival in 2017, right? Is that actually true? I seem to remember people predicting that usa has been edging towards facism for a while now, especially in the aftermath of 9/11. For example here is an article from 2003 predicting usa is heading towards fasicism https://secularhumanism.org/2003/03/fascism-anyone/ That's not open source in spirit... that's the opposite of everything open source stands for. > Avoid public or unsecured WiFi. If you must log into an account on a network you don’t 100% trust, use a VPN to encrypt all communications. Even bank websites can be forged to be almost undetectable if an attacker has administrative access to the network you’re using. I think we should stop fear mongering over shady wifi. In a world with HSTS and CT, these types of attacks ars incredibly difficult to pull off. I am assuming that users go to their bank website by typing it into google and then clicking on their bank as a result. Google is HSTS. The bank may or may not be (what a sad state of affairs, but i digress) but the link from google will at least be https. What websites do you have in mind that are not https and that average users enter personal information that could lead to identity theft on? > having information about general activity can in itself be a privacy concern, whether or not that information is readable. It definitely can be in some threat models. In the context of average user being the target of drive-by identity theft, i struggle to see a realistic threat model for traffic-analysis of encrypted network traffic. > Side note: If you drop the penny, for the love of $diety change your sales tax structure so that it's a multiple of 5. 5%, 10%, 15%, etc... Since Canada changed but left the taxes the same (14% in Ontario IIRC) there seems to be a lot of rounding-off in favour of companies instead of consumers. $0.01-$0.02 per transaction * millions of transactions per day has got to make some accountants happy. This 100%. Quebec is the worst - 9.975%! Why oh why. It is so much simpler to have reasonable change in alberta. I dont think thats true. In canada, health care is the sole responsibility of the province. The federal government helps with planning and coordination (and maybe funding) You didnt get the insanity because the individial provinces are mostly sane. You still saw individual differences, especially look at ontario's early response. > Possibly not true. Low-birth Westerners are already the #1 emitters of Co2 by a margin, so it's not so linear. That is one of the most egregious example of not controlling for confounding factors i can think of. People with high carbon emissions are in the group having less children. It doesnt follow they would emit less CO2 if they happened to have children. Fun fact, gay people have existed for a while now. > lower Canada That's exciting. Internet could be a real game changer for the 1800's If it was really that great, one would think the article would be able to point out some great things that came out of it. Instead it just points to a bunch of people saying how great it was. I can't help but feel that twitter uses are kind of a self-hating bunch. Its a totally optional site where you can follow whomever you want, and the best thing to happen is for it to break for popular people? I don't understand why people use twitter if they don't want twitter to work. Nobody is forcing you; just quit if you don't like it. Good luck running a mail client - you know, a program that takes html documents and renders them, because modern email is html - without running a browser. In any case, thunderbird essentialy has a lineage going back all the way to netscape navigator (at least spiritually), so it was doing this way before electron was cool. I somehow thought this was going to use oblivious data structures, but seems to just be encrypting the query I dont think these are all that similar - different components, different types of overloads Not really, this document is clearly intended for a general public audience (They define the term "social engineering" after all). I don't think its surprising they didn't go into the details of which algorithms they use on old passwords The fact it was world news was probably their first hint. Almost all internet companies have internal tools to disable 2FA. People destroy/break/etc their phones constantly and need it reset. 2FA is meant to protect against someone impersonating you. It is not designed to protect against malicious insider at the org you are trying to prove your identity to They said "those [passwords] are not stored in plain text or available through the tools used in the attack." - "Or" means both clauses are true. I think it most likely means, the passwords are hashed, and the hashes aren't available in this tool. There's undoubtedly other tools that allow people to view the hash, (Mysql command line client is a "tool" after all ;) Although I agree the statement is ambiguous enough, that it could mean things that aren't best practise. very poorly is a bit much. Yes yubikey would be much better, but its not exactly standard across the industry yet. For something to reflect very poorly on twitter opsec, I would expect it to be something that is below what the average tech company was doing. e.g. There was some news article claiming [Without a whole lot of evidence] that the compromised tool used a shared password that was posted as the topic of a slack channel. Now if that was actually true, I think that would fit the description of "very poor" opsec. Children aren't actual idiots. Teenagers are old enough to know that stealing 20k is wrong. Some sort of massive parenting failure happened here, and the end result is that the parent is out 20k. Parents are responsible for their children, and actions have consequences. The parent isn't really admiting fault if they want the money back. Son bought something "intangible" he can't return (twitch donations arent just donations, they are buying social status). Returning the donation means that the intangible items were obtained for "free". It sucks all around but someone has to end up holding the bag Not fully developed is not the same as not developed at all. This isn't an example of a rash purchase. The kid stole the parent's password and transfered money between the accounts over a period of 15 days. That means premeditation and repeatedly doing it over 2 weeks. Its not a case of /omg these shoes are so cool im going to buy them anyways eventhough i cant afford it/. This was planned and carried out over a period of 15 days. I understand that kids can get carried away and do stupid things sometimes. But its not like teenagers have no control over their actions. We (mostly) don't see teenagers holding up banks, going on mass murder sprees, etc. I'm not suggesting punative punishment. I'm only suggesting that the parent take the direct consequences of the kid's actions. If your five year old breaks something in a store, nobody really thinks its the five year olds fault, but the parent still has to pay for the broken item. The teenager definitely has more culpability than the five year old of this example. > The parents should file a police report, it will be a very harsh lesson to the kid but he has screwed up on an incredible scale I actually disagree. If it was my kid, i would be willing to eat the 20k in exchange for protecting them from the legal system. That's not to say there wouldn't be consequences, i would be pretty livid, but 20k would be a small price to pay. This may be influenced though by (like many hn'ers) being employed in the tech industry, where 20k is a substantial sum, but not lifesavings amount of money. The issue I see is that streamers are real people, with hopes dreams, etc. They may have already spent the money donated to them, etc. Sure if it was actually stolen its reasonable to require them to give it back. One of the reasons the penalty for stealing is harsh, is because it doesn't just hurt the person stole from, but also the people who were paid in the stolen money. The parent wants to be made whole without any of the consequences coming back to either the son or the parent. This isn't fair to the streamers. Either the parent needs to take the responsibility for the stolen money (which she has elected to do by not pressing charges, but it comes with a 20k price tag) or needs to throw teenager under the bus in order to be made whole under the normal legal system. In the article, the parent wants both to shield the kid from the legal system but also disavow herself from his actions. But its unfair to other hurt parties to have both. Either the parent takes on responsibility for the kid's actions or she doesn't. There is no magic loophole where the parent takes responsibility but doesn't end up with consequences, nor should there be. >"Drucill Hubert Lewse the Comer of Avera rejoices Fiann Craggy Florie and 5 hard trouts" This is considered shakespearean? Cool idea, but i think the implementation needs some work. > Excluding WikiHow WikiHow is using mediawiki (or at least a fork of it) https://src.wikihow.com/ But there certainly exist other wikis and wiki-like projects that dont. MDN and OWASP wiki are prominent examples that moved away from mediawiki. I think mediawiki has most of the mass-collabotation market, but there is much more competition in the open-source project documentation niche (which people often use wikis for) and corporate knowledge base market. P.s. for the interested, mediawiki has statistics at https://pingback.wmflabs.org/#unique-wiki-count (opt-in) and https://wikiapiary.com/wiki/Main_Page (based on web crawling) If its your own password you can change from the web interface. If it is someone else's password you can send a password reset email from the web interface. To actually set someone else's password to a specific value does require running a command line script (not the same as going into db). In my view that is a reasonable security-convinence trade off. In any case, i would assume a large org would use a single-sign-on extension and not mediawiki's native user management, which would make MW's password management moot. Disclaimer: am mediawiki developer It is (and has been since the css 2.0 era) if you include user clicking mouse. There is a famous demo of rule110 in css at http://eli.fox-epste.in/rule110-full.html I'm pretty sure most consulate's would do the same. They by definition work with documents that are diplomatically sensitive. Is it really so unusual to use a diplomatic post to shelter someone from the law? The article makes it sound like its unheard of, but its a super common plot in movies.i know movies aren't real life, but still it doesn't seem that unprecedented. After all, S̶n̶o̶w̶d̶e̶n̶ Assange sheltered in the ecudorian embassy for about a decade. Edit: ugh, that is a really embarassing mistake > probably wouldn't have stopped this. Uh yes, that is how audit trails work In fairness, i don't think its a real audit trail if the tool doesn't have an effective per-user password. How much of that do you have to download before browser does first paint? With a key handshake you would have to do it before any content is displayed. In much of the modern web (for people blessed with fast connections) latency is much more important than bandwidth. An extra 1mb right upfront might be very different from an extra mb overall. Especially when tcp slow start is taken into account. Even more so if the webpage is loading stuff from many different domains This is important work and all, but i can't help but feel the headline is a bit clickbaity > I don't care if you can explain SQLi to me Huh interesting. I work in infosec (but not a hiring person). I would normally rank this as an important skill. Not because i actually care about getting an explanation but because half the job is getting non security devs to care about security issues/fix them/not make them in the future. In my experience it is really difficult to do that if you can't explain the vulnerability to them. So this article is not what i expected. I agree that hands on skills are important. And i agree that candidates often lack them. But im not sure that the skills in the article are really hands-on skills. For example, the article talks about picking up a book on tcp/ip. That's not hands-on, that is theory. I also question what type of cybersecurity degree program this is, where you don't learn how the internet works? All the things in the article sound like stuff i would expect a "cybersecurity" degree to cover. They don't sound like things that need to be taught practically. That's fair. Proof of concepts definitely get the point across better than a natural language explanation. I feel like this isn't terribly compelling. I have heard the whole corporations are evil and primarily look out for their own best interest before. I think people have been talking about this for over a century now. I don't even disagree (at most, i might say the truth is more complicated, but it always is). I guess the article leaves me thinking, so what do you want to do instead? Communist revolution? Anarchist utopia? The article posits that we should break up some specificly named corporations, but doesn't even give a criteria as to why those corps, other than i suppose the author dislikes them. Why them and not others? What's the objective criteria? Im not sure i like the framing of "undo"-ing. It has a lot of connotations to getting revenge for past sins, etc. I more like the idea of "reseting" than "undoing" The general premise i have usually heard is something along the lines that selection in the work environment often involves nepotism, networking, "cultural fit" and other under-handed ways of biasing the results. This is both unfair and a self-perpetuating prophecy. The explicit action of forcing a selection criteria will hopefully break the cycle and "reset" the system to an equal playing field. > reductio ad absurdum How? I can see a reasonable argument that its not a fiting metaphor, but i don't see how you can say its absurd, since there clearly exist countries that use capital punishment for homocide. Edit: Also to be clear, reductio ad absurdum is a positive thing to say about someone's argument. It is not a fallacy. I am not in the usa. I agree there are lots of options. The article would be compelling if the author picked an option and argued for it. Vauge negative statements about the status quo that nobody disagrees with are not compelling. Positions that can be defended and argued for/against are. Anyone can preach to the choir. > Well it's an ad absurdum in my opinion because the moral judgement applied to capital punishment it's radically different from the one used to judge overcompensation in other scenarios. That's not what reductio ad absurdum (fancy latin for basically proof by contradiction) means. You're claiming that the comparison is inapropriate. reductio ad absurdum means that the comparison is good, but the thing being compared to is rediculous, and since the rediculous thing is the same as the main thing, the main thing must also be rediculous, and therefor false. > Taking away benefits cannot be compared with taking away a life. Why not? I don't see anything inherently contradictory in doing so. Whether or not the comparison is compelling is a separate question. > Otherwise you could argue that prison is not the right answer to certain crimes because there could be death penalty for a atrocious enough crime. Yes you could. Lots of people do. I don't support the death penalty myself, but there certainly exist people who do and its a practise that is still extant in some parts of the world. The passport thing is interesting. I'd never heard of it. However https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iroquois_passport makes it sound like there is less recognition than the article implies. The wikipedia article makes it sound like canada and usa begrudgingly accept it sometimes but not often because it doesn't really matter that much but they want to avoid the bad PR of rejecting. Maybe these types of historical archives can be turned over to internet archive. I trust them a lot more than google for this. > There's plenty of oil, gas, and coal out there still. I was under the impression we only had ~100 years worth of oil left, just that its not talked about because climate is more pressing and normal ecconomic pressures will fix the problem if we run out of supply. Is that wrong? I agree, i find the style of writing this article uses endlessly frustrating. I had to read it twice to notice the contradiction. I think the cause is more that some religious group i dont care about having a schism isn't very interesting. Maybe i care that they're being homophobic, but i definitely don't actually care which side is forking and which side is staying as the original group. So I don't fully pay attention to the details unless i really force myself. This is crazy insane, but im not sure i would say its 100% on topic of the thesis. Its a little rambely. It starts with talking about what thinking means and segways into what looks like a cyberpunk short story. Which is kind of a random segway. Which is actually why i think the computer wrote it - if someone faked it, i think it would be more on point to the original question about philosophy of the mind. Still is mindblowing. Damn. This is straight up unsettling. Turring test also requires adversarial set up - you are talking to two entities, you know one is human and one is a computer, and you ask questions until you feel satisfied you know which is which. Preferably also the questioner is sufficiently motivated. Its a lot harder when you do a side by side comparison and you know at least 1 thing is a computer. Is being among being wrong? There's a lot of religions with varying notions of the divine, but the divine as personified into a single q-like entity seems to be a pretty common conception, and not just in reddit. For that matter, if whichever deity you believe in is good, all powerful and all knowing, why is there still evil & pain in the world, is probably one of the most common criticisms of religion, and not just on reddit. And that seems to be roughly the criticism gpt-3 is making. The blog post is vauge but definitely implies that a vpn was in place. That would probably not work well during the pandemic... Training that is notorious for being ineffective in practise and usually more about box ticking. Assuming that none of your employees fall for phising, much less targeted phising, is woefully unrealistic. Especially at twitter's scale. Assuming humans won't do stupid things 100% of the time is never an effective security control. I would actually be interested in seeing some studies on that. My gut feeling is for engineers, the phising training that most companies use is wholly ineffective at doing anything, and in particular it is especially ineffective against targeted attacks. But i have yet to see any research one way or another. I suspect less technical users might benefit from such training a bit more (but still not that much) Original poster said on premise. An appropriately secured vpn may or may not help security, but it is still "virtual" and does not meet the definition of on premise. Perhaps, but im also wary of these types of things, because i worry that people will feel embarassed at being tricked, and will (maybe subconciously) see the internal security team as the enemy, which is also a bad outcome. I also worry that the emails might not represent real attack emails, and we end up training users to identify the test emails but not real attack emails. (Not that i got any better solution) So having the divine be the first cause, the initial answer to: why there is something instead of nothing, is certainly a view on religion (i hope that's a fair summary of the point the article is trying to make). However, at least ancedotally, its not usually the view that i usually hear religious people espouse. Typically religious people i have met believe in some sort of sacred text with rules of behaviour that was at the very least divinely inspired. They believe that a divine power will intercede on their behalf based on prayer (or other offerings), and so on. All these things imply a deity that has independent will, can be influenced, has opinions on moral questions, etc. The theists i have met do not believe in some abstract first cause deity. They believe in a deity that is very much a being, a maximal one, albeit perhaps very far removed from earthly existence. So who is to say the "reddit" conception of a "being among beings" is wrong or a category error. If we have to chose a specific conception, wouldn't the most popular conception (regardless of what any particular group's doctrine might say) be the right one to choose? And if we dont have to pick a specific conception, aren't any and all conceptions equally right? I don't think that's really fair nor do i think is it a post-enlightenment trend (moral relavitism is...but i dont think that is the same thing). So far you've claimed that gpt is "wrong" in its religious conception (comparing it to "reddit" in a condescending way). You presented an alternate view on what religion is. You missed the step where you show your view is more right than GPT's is, in context. Which to be fair is a really hard step to show. If you know somebody's particular religious beliefs you can appeal to doctrine, but we dont know which denomination/doctrine for the gpt-3 story. I don't think we can show that gpt-3 or your category mistake version is right based on the given information. Or even that one is slightly more right. But that is a different question from is the gpt-3 story "wrong". I'm not positing that "being among beings" is correct, only that there isn't any argument to conclude its any more wrong than any other conception, especially when we don't know the religious beliefs of the protaganist in the story, and thus its wrong to conclude he is "wrong" (being wrong is not the opposite of being right) I wouldn't say so. If you read turring's actual paper, its trying to find a line in the sand where you can't help but admit a computer is intelligence. Its not meant as the defining test, so much as upper bound on the hardest test neccessary. His arguments ring true today just as much as they did at the time, although i think his arguments are mildly misrepresented in today's popular tech culture. I'm not really surprised. * the attacker (allegedly) bragged to the press * the attack only involved phising and social engineering. (Its a bit unclear, but that's what it looks like) Bragging to the press is a definite sign of someone doing it for the lulz. Criminals know better than to brag about their crimes publicly, that is how you get caught. Bragging definitely fits into the sterotypical motivation for most teenage hackers. Social engineering is a skill, but its also a skill that a smart teenager is likely to have. Its not a super high sophistication attack. Its not a spy movie attack where people are breaking into offices, coercing employees, finding 0-days in the webserver etc. Its an attack that a dedicated teen could teach themselves and pull off themselves, no special resources needed. He allegedly social engineered access. The vast majority of bug bounties i have seen consider this out of scope. Also do x or i release the sploit could be considered extortion if you word it wrong, and then you are in all sorts of additional trouble All i know is that nobody has yet to claim that. I suspect he would be charged with something related to that if he did, but you're right we dont know the details of what he did precisely. 40 to 50 times is still orders of magnitude greater than FHE used to be. If we keep up the trend (big if) this is actually quite promising They're referring to how in js, the for...in loop includes properties from the object's prototype. There used to be much concern around the idea that you might load some third party js that adds thing to the base Object prototype, which will then be enumerated with for..in loops on all your data objects. I always thought this was a stupid vulnerability because if you're executing malicious javascript, you are already screwed in a much more direct way [Edit: i was mixing this up with a slightly different vulnerability that is a bit sillier than the one they are reffering to] He expected a private response to his public blog post? That seems a little entitled. It is not free software. To quote https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.en.html "The freedom to run the program means the freedom for any kind of person or organization to use it on any kind of computer system, for any kind of overall job and purpose" Do no evil is maybe tounge in check, but its a real issue when people put things in licenses like "nobody from USA gov is allowed to use" You accused people who make transactions that don't create value of theft You redefined a word with an accepted meaning (theft) to mean something different than the generally accepted definition - e.g. what you would see in the dictionary. That in itself is ok, but you need a compelling argument as to why the two ideas of theft are equivalent or at least similar. And you haven't provided any argument let alone a compelling one. The point of an internet forum is to debate ideas on their merits (in the best case). Asserting something not generally accepted, without argument, tends to annoy people because you're not even attempting to convince people of your idea's merits, which is the entire point of the game. Its not that you're wrong, its that you didn't try to convince people you are right. I don't really recall them doing so back when they had real marketshare. I dont think that reproducible builds are perfect or solve every problem. I still think they are worthwhile though because they allow for a better audit trail, and every step that is auditable makes it easier to pinpoint at what step something bad happened. Sure users arent likely to verify them. I still think there is value in after the fact being able to determine - clearly this binary came from this source code artifact vs clearly this binary was substituted as it doesnt match the source code. Its not perfect but it helps reduce the places where an attack can take place with nobody noticing. 9 years may seem like a long time, but its also just a DoS vuln. Which is a real security issue in many contexts, but its not exactly a high severity one There was also a time when alt.binaries was a thing (technically not email, but usenet is pretty similar) What marketing gimicks do you mean? So fork? Its not the big G's responsibility to solve all the internet's problems and honestly most other web metadata standards have failed, only difference is that this one has a big name attached we can all blame. Ancedotal, but my experience has been that the tech industry is more understanding of not drinking as a choice than society at large. Of course, different companies have wildly different cultures Honestly though, after having used slack at work, i definitely feel that not having random thingies dance in the corner of my screen is the killer feature of irc Or they have an acohol problem and by not drinking you're un-normalizing alcohol consumption and making them feel self-concious of their faults so they lash out to distract from that. No idea if that's a true thing that happens, but that is definitely the sterotype of people who want everyone to drink. Or just tell them No. As long as you are not hurting anyone, you're under no obligation to justify your life choices to your co-workers. I suppose some people might find that stand-offish, but the type of people who won't respect boundries on something as simple as this definitely won't respect boundries when it really matters. If you think its nonsense have the guts to argue why its nonsense. If its bs like you say it is, it shouldn't be difficult to argue based on the text of the movie that it is so. This issue definitely existed in 1999 The switch thing is not new. Here is a source from 2014 https://matrix.fandom.com/wiki/Switch?oldid=27170 The agents are a stand in for authority, and cultural normativity. They literally kill anyone who refuses to follow the rules of the matrix. Its very easy to to see this as a stand in for a society that refuses to accept people who are different. It was the first thing i could find in google. I mean wikia didnt even exist as a company in 1999. > And if that was the real message, should not the 'real world' feel more beautiful and free than dystopian and depressing? On the contrary, i think that supports the message. I don't know what its like to be trans, but i'm pretty sure its not all rainbows and butterfly's. The characters in the matrix decide it is better to live as their authentic free self as opposed to being in the gilded cage of the matrix. I think that is a great metaphor for transitioning. > There's a million examples of creators lying after the fact. Fwiw, i do believe that a work should be considered separate from authorial intent, especially post-hoc authortorial intent. In this case, i think the work supports what the creators say, and its much more compelling than say harry potter where there is very little support in the text for the things jk rowling said later. And if you never stand up for yourself, you'll find that all the people you befriend happen to be jerks. In real life of course you have to find a balance. There is a line and its going to be different for every person Going a week without acohol is considered a category below low-moderate acohol usage? That seems weird to me. I would describe myself as a low-moderate consumer of cake. I definitely don't eat it weekly. > I don't understand the pill reference, other than that they behave diffently as medicines. Trans people often take hormone therapy in order to become their true self, just as the characters in the matrix take a pill to "wake up". Edit: because i can't directly reply anymore, replying here to your response on pills. I agree that by itself, it means nothing. Pills can mean lots of things to lots of people. Its not one individual thing that makes the movie an allegory about trans people. Its the pattern and combination of elements that make it an allegory. Any one of the various minor plot elements or aspects of the theme that relate to the trans "experience", on its own, mean nothing. Its that there are so many such elements that all fit together. Idk what the trans connection is to the woman in the red dress. I always just took it as a nod to how in movies the dangerous female characters always wear red dresses (think #6 in bsg, but many other examples) > To express my own take, it was more about government, society, and the inevitable end we would come to some day as resources constrain. But in the movie resourses weren't constrained due to overpopulation, but due to war. And even then, people may not have lived in luxery in zion, but we had no indication that people were doing without. The only character who talked about over-population and resource constraints was Agent Smith, and he was the villian > I like to think nobody is wrong While good art can support multiple interpretations, i definitely think that interpretations can be more or less wrong. E.g. Anyone saying the matrix is actually about the benefits of double-entry bookkeeping, is straight up wrong. Edit: lol, i just realized that the sequels were all about how the equations were "unbalanced" and neo is the result of things not adding up. Maybe it is about double entry book-keeeping after all. Thanks, that actually looks perfect. There is a difference between criminal law and civil law If the state wants to throw you in jail, you get a free lawyer. If some random person alleges you harmed them snd they want you to stop and reimburse them for the harm you caused them, you pay for a lawyer Ianal I dont see why it couldnt work. You could say that plaintiff has to pay for a crap lawyer for other side (there are complicated consequences, makes it harder for the little guy to access the legal system, etc). Or you could say the state has to provide one always (if the state pays for my doctor [i am not an american] than its in theory possible for them to do this. Whether or not they should is a different question. We might not have known the specifics however I'm pretty sure we have known for a long time that hanging around sick people makes you sick. I'm a mediawiki developer, out of curiosity what was the name of your extension? Sometimes people get carried away with that process (deletionists are everywhere ;), but its primarily supposed to be for extensions that haven't been updated in a long time and don't work with the current version of mediawiki. Its totally reasonable to use back compat to mean "compatible with a legacy system made by someone else that our system replaced" Healthy doses of both maybe. Compare it to lots of financial fraud like ponzi schemes - the perpetrators often don't think it will fall down all around them until it does. > The app has also been used to antagonize the president, including when thousands of teens reserved tickets to the president's rally in Tulsa, Okla., with no intention of going, inflating the Trump campaign's expectations for the event and causing embarrassment over the disappointing turnout. Forgot that was organized on tiktok. All makes sense now. If US was really interested in national security i'm pretty sure zoom would go long before tiktok Honest question: would it matter if they stored data in mainland china? Wouldn't it still be fine if they are storing data there but not giving it to china gov? (Not that i really believe that any data in china is safe from gov, although i could say the same about usa, but what is the actual bar that the us gov has to meet to show its a national security risk? Is data on china soil sufficient?) Honestly, that seems like an out there conspiracy to me. Not because china wouldn't do it, but because they don't have to. No point in taking the risk of orchastrating it if americans are going to do it themselves. And that is even assuming china is anti-trump. Geopolitically trump has been pretty good for china (at the cost of short term trade issues). I'd bet China cares more about long term gains over short term losses. > A bunch of kids on TikTok saying they reserved tickets is not the same as actual proof. How is that relavent? Media claimed it was an embarrasment, trump wasn't able to spin it. Does it really matter what the kids did or did not do. Its an embarasment if there is public preception it is an embarassment. It isnt any less of an embarassment even if you are right that the story is based on something untrue (which seems doubtful to me). Which law did google break? Scraping in and of itself isn't illegal last time i checked, and usa doesn't have database copyrights unlike some juridsictions. Being unhappy and being illegal are two very different things Is the transcription actually copyrightable? Just because genius wants it to be doesn't make it true. Compare to the whole word perfect clip art lawsuit See also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridgeman_Art_Library_v._Corel... . They might come to an agreement with regulators to leave the equipment there, however it seems like you're implying that facebook intends to act in blatent contempt of the governments order. That is difficult to imagine. Have they ever done that to the usa gov in the past? (not on a hurr durr media thinks facebook is evil kind of way, but in an actual, here is an order and we intend to ignore it) Because kickstarter is very different from traditional bussinesses, making it difficult to know if the conclusions of the study translate to traditional founders.