I would put this more on the reporter. He knew full well what the plan was, and chose to put himself in the situation voluntarily. I suspect there's also a bit of embellishment going on. Because the language of the GPL is highly centered around "linking", a GPL operating system doesn't present the same kind of corporate use/acceptance/etc issues as a GPL app or library. GPLV2: "This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library" Consider that perhaps I'm not an idiot. Regardless of pedantry, a GPL OS does not raise the same kinds of issues for a typical corporation that a GPL library or application does. I see the downvotes. Funny, because this really is the part of the GPL that stirs up controversy at corporations. Yes, it doesn't say "linking" exactly. It talks about "derivative works". Then, the FSF, separately, says that linking to a GPL library (or integrating into a GPL program) is a derivative work. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License (Check the "Linking and Derived Works" section) Or, have a look at the LGPL, created specifically to address this problem. Note that the FSF isn't thrilled about the LGPL. That's the big driver behind why a GPL OS doesn't create the kind of stir in a corporation that a GPL app or library does. Not saying it's right or wrong, just pointing out the difference. I'm not sure there's a reasonable way past the "Napoleon Dynamite Problem". They mentioned, in the article, other movies where it's difficult to predict if someone would like them or not. The list was “I Heart Huckabees,” “Lost in Translation,” “Fahrenheit 9/11,” “The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou,” “Kill Bill: Volume 1” and “Sideways.” Personally, the common thread I see across those is that the viewer would be more likely to enjoy the movie if they had the right context. Kill Bill, for example, is far easier to enjoy if you've seen (not necessarily liked...but have seen) cheesy old Kung Fu / Karate movies. Napoleon Dynamite is easier to appreciate if you were socially awkward yourself in high school. There's also some humor in there that's more relevant if you were a kid in the 80's, as well as some humor that might make more sense if you lived somewhere rural, or even more specifically, rural Idaho/Utah/Wisconsin. All that to say that Netflix may not have enough data at their disposal to know if you have the right context to enjoy movies that almost require it. Are there screenshots of the interface somewhere? I don't see any, and it's not clear if signing up without paying would let you see the interface. Today, I use Anveo.com for this sort of thing. It also suffers from a relatively stodgy web presence, but the call flow builder, used to route incoming calls, is pretty much a full fledged IVR...really nice. Screenshot here: http://i.imgur.com/54aJqGn.png Mentioned the same thing in a different comment. Love Anveo (screenshot here: http://i.imgur.com/54aJqGn.png ) Would like to see a screenshot of this app...it looks like you have to sign up and pay to see the interface. Is there a service provider for which that isn't true? Father Guido Sarducci would be proud. "Just add water, and Mr. Tea does the rest!". Shame the video isn't anywhere I can find it. The video of the Father Guido Sarducci "Mr Tea" skit from Saturday Night Live? Thinking probably not :) >>How do they survive? Churn and burn. So long as the cost to bring the site up on a new domain is lower than whatever the profit is (ads?), the DMCA is just playing "whack a mole" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whac-A-Mole#Colloquial_usage ) I was, at first, amazed at the price point. Olimex, who are in a position to know, says that the BOM for this adds up to more than $20. https://olimex.wordpress.com/2015/06/05/how-to-get-in-the-ne... So, it's basically a marketing ploy, which is still cool, but they will have to find some way to make up the difference post launch. Assuming they manage to avoid 3rd parties cloning accessories and undercutting on price. That seems to be the pattern in this market. As a retailer myself, I wouldn't be thrilled with the model where the customer pays with their credit card on jet.com, then jet.com pays me with their own credit card and contact info. Not because I don't want the customer saving money, but because I am now not clear on who the customer actually is. What happens if there are customer service issues, an out of stock situation, returns, refunds, chargebacks, etc? Is Jet.com prepared to deal with all of that in this middle-man setup? "When a Jet customer buys items that aren’t in its inventory or available from partner merchants, a Jet employee buys the items from another website and has them shipped directly to the customer." http://www.wsj.com/articles/frenzy-around-shopping-site-jet-... Edit: The context is that the article at the top of this thread is showing one way they are sort of "faking" partners. The concierge model I'm referencing is another. Hopefully, it's a temporary thing, because it's messy. It might go lower, yes. But, the BOM is just the pile of parts. Doesn't include the board, assembly, etc. It seems clear the actual cost per unit, even with significant volume, will be substantially higher than $9. $5, for just the Allwinner chip, without the onboard memory and storage, IS competitive. Since they are using the SOM version with ram+storage, I wouldn't be terribly surprised that just the main chip would be more than $9. I would go one further, and say that's the primary motivator. Preemptive restructuring. "so this doesn't ameliorate any of EU's concerns" The announcement seems deliberately vague. You're right in that it doesn't specifically address the EU concerns, but it creates a structure where that's easier to do. Two main areas. It prepares you, in terms of financial visibility, experience, etc, if the most painful of anti-trust remedies (breakup) ever happens. AT&T, for example, would have likely proposed different terms for their breakup if they had better visibility into how Western Electric would have performed on its own. It provides more public financial visibility into some areas of concern, early. For example, it looks like Google fiber isn't staying with Google. Google fiber is probably a concern for at least US anti-trust regulators. >>I couldn't think of anything for U Also a stretch, but... universal analytics or maybe url shortener? (goo.gl) It's chess, not checkers. One move at a time. Also, minor, but Fiber would be an interest point for anti-trust, just not in the EU. Yes. I expected to see an article about stock images being overused across lots of publications, and whatever the fix for that is. The US prison/jail vendor ecosystem is a trap as well. The phone system is a good example. Inmates have some scheduled time where they can make phone calls, provided someone on the outside has funded an account. You, of course, expect it to be a little more expensive than normal phone service. However, here's the reality. You deposit $25, then: - $7 service fee for the credit card processing - $4.50 for the first minute of every call - then $2.50 a minute for any subsequent minute So, yes, a 2 minute phone call, within the same state, costs the family $14. These are real numbers, from one of the big vendors in the space...Global Tel Link. Source: Have relative that was in jail...this is what I had to pay. Here's an older article on the subject: http://www.prisonpolicy.org/phones/pleasedeposit.html Just to note that phones are the tip of the iceberg. The jails and prisons are taking huge fees from commissary accounts, charging fees to see a doctor (even if you were assaulted), etc. Also things like reducing to 2 meals a day to save money. Or worse. Search google for Sheriff Joe Arpaio's outdoor tents, in Phoenix, where the average high temp in July is 41C/106F. It's really shameful. Online spreadsheets. The end users are conditioned already on how to navigate with find, home, end, etc. Edit: Seems like it might break on-page find though, right? "IF you created the ability to store the same database across several files, I would be most grateful to you." http://www.sqlite.org/src/doc/trunk/src/test_multiplex.c Can also confirm, handover is smooth on republic. The 1GB plan is a little lower than Google Fi as well. 2GB is the same cost as Google, 3GB is slightly higher. "from a privacy perspective, I trust Google more than T-Mobile or Sprint" From a privacy perspective, I would not trust an advertising company (Google) more than a telecom. Google is perhaps better about disclosure to a Government entity, but they would be worse about exploiting your data for their own ends. Seems many here do trust Google with their personal data. So, I suppose that implies they are not only a marketing company, but a good one :) Mmm. Unix like OS with controversy newly swirling about init replacement. Déjà vu. Not sure what you're trying to say. Launchd may not be a 100% function for function equivalent for init(8), but it does replace it, along with the rc subsystem. "launchd(8) replaces: init, rc, the init.d and rc.d scripts" (source: https://wiki.freebsd.org/launchd ) Some background that's related. http://graphics.wsj.com/google-ftc-report/img/ftc-ocr-waterm... I'll suffer the downvotes, but going forward "Flash Ads" == non-Google provided ads. It doesn't hurt Google to hobble ads from competing networks. The forms part is a great start. There's a pretty ripe market to grab current customers of Intuit's Quickbase product if you add the other online/rad database app features. Quickbase's pricing model is terrible. DabbleDB, before they were bought out and shut down, was on their way to doing just that. The leader in this space at the moment is Intuit, with their Quickbase product. You can get a rough idea of the customer base here: http://quickbase.intuit.com/customers They claim 1/2 of the Fortune 100 are customers. https://ifttt.com/ I can almost feel the awkward vibe that went into not directly comparing search results over the years. It would have made the demise of real organic search too obvious. Oh paypal. https://www.paypal-community.com/t5/My-Feedback-for-PayPal-A... I suspect IT customers actually wanted something in between the two extremes. Your existing IT customers may feel okay about it now, but could change their minds if, for example, a fairly drastic UI change is pushed out. Interesting, but the title is misleading. They aren't operators, but rather mostly combinations of operators with potentially useful side effects. A description section doesn't change the fact that the title is misleading. Clickbait is clickbait. Reading the article they finally get down to what it is...98 lines of perl that serve as a url specific content cache. A somewhat odd solution for a php driven website. Since you're in php already, a more typical solution would be to use apcu to have the cache in shared memory. Or, if your needs are more complex, using an already established cache like the one in nginx or varnish, etc. Whatever they did served their needs, but I'm not clear on why "we made a one-off url+param keyed cache" rates an article. Right, the idea would be to put the logic at the top of the main php file for wordpress, something like: # oversimplified, but... $key=md5(http_build_query($_GET)); $content=apc_fetch($key,$success); if ($success === TRUE) { echo $content; return ;# never invoke wordpress } # wordpress here # some logic at the bottom to store what wordpress # just rendered into the cache >Ability to set rates does not define the employer-employee relationship. It could. In the US, there's no hard/fast definition that gets down to that level of detail. The IRS says: "In determining whether the person providing service is an employee or an independent contractor, all information that provides evidence of the degree of control and independence must be considered" Certainly "who sets the rates" would be a consideration. Interesting. Both the CEO and the President are former Travelocity execs. The total of all rounds of VC funding for Gilt was $280M. My wife created Facebook profiles for my dog and her fictional alter ego years ago. She logs in an posts things as them on a semi-regular basis. The profile pictures are a dog, and a comic book character. The profile info similarly is very up front about what the ids are. Not sure what the enforcement policy was or is, but I can say that it isn't real comprehensive. Maybe they only act when something is flagged by other users? Looks like the beginnings of a QuickBase competitor, which would be welcome...Intuit's pricing model is terrible. I had high hopes for DabbleDB before Twitter bought them and shut it all down. Good for them. There's no real competition between Fedex and UPS. Both raise their rates around 5% every year, even with fuel costs dropping dramatically. The claims process is specifically designed to be difficult. Might be more interesting if Amazon decides to open up to outside customers and re-instates real competition. Both UPS and Fedex had better rates and service when DHL was still competing with intra-US shipments. So, it's a major expense, but would require "years of low prices" to have an impact? Huh? Fuel and "Purchased Transportation" (also indexed to fuel costs) are their two largest cost categories. They pass hedging costs directly via fuel surcharges, which is unrelated to rate hikes. "Both FedEx and UPS reported that fuel costs were down about 35% from the year earlier in their most recent quarter" From the article: For 23 hours a day, 4,000 inmates are locked in concrete 6-by-10-foot cells, sometimes for years, with little if any human contact, no access to rehabilitative programs and a diet that can be restricted to a foul-tasting brick of bread and potatoes known at the prisons as “the loaf.” Apple doesn't ever seem interested in providing something that's a commodity. If they did get into it, I assume it would only be for some premium, same-day type service. Yes. Especially when it's manually reported. https://forms.icann.org/en/resources/compliance/complaints/w... I believe that "root is root" is just shorthand for... If you aren't using unprivileged containers, then the only approach you have for making the container more secure than chroot is a whack-a-mole style approach. By whack-a-mole, I mean trying to map out the attack surface, and using a hodge podge of tools to try and close them (kernel cap-drops, apparmor, se-linux, firewall rules, overlay mounts for /proc, /sys, etc). I think it's reasonable to say that the whack-a-mole approach isn't truly more secure. In the same way that having a vault door on the front of your house, next to an open window isn't any more secure than having the door wide open. I agree with the premise, but I'm not aware of an open source firewall that can provide the same functionality and scale as Juniper's product line. You can certainly provide, for example, open source designs for a specialized ASIC, but it doesn't mean anyone could afford to actually make it. Mmm. For those downvoting, it's fairly easy to compare features and throughput. The pfSense team is making great strides, and has a roadmap that starts to close the gap. But, there is a notable gap. Compare throughput for a 3DES vpn for example. Or total throughput with filtering on. FWIW, it's not just three strikes. In Texas, for example, charges can be enhanced, up one level (Class A/B/C misdemeanors and felonies) for a single prior conviction. The enhanced charge then later, becomes leverage to further enhance future charges. It has resulted in some odd sentences, including 16 years for shoplifting a candy bar. This was someone with lots of prior charges, but all of them for relatively minor shoplifting offenses. The felonies mentioned in his history were "enhanced" charges. http://lubbockonline.com/stories/070100/sta_0701000106.shtml... A potential workaround...quote the local part: "chad"@example.com It seems to be supported by Exchange, gmail, and a few other MTA's I tested, and gets routed to the right place. The tools he mentions support "resume ability". https://www.gnu.org/software/wget/manual/wget.html#Time_002d... Not sure I understand your point. Wget does recursive crawling, and supports timestamp comparison. Perhaps you are noting that it wouldn't prioritize new pages over changed pages? Or that it doesn't support something like "don't check for changes at all unless the download is more than X days old?". Generally, yes, there is some point at which wget would fall short of a purpose built tool. I think that point, though, is farther out than you're suggesting. >>It doesn't keep the crawler state It does though. Just not in the way you're expecting. The timestamp support would keep it from re-downloading anything already downloaded (though it would do an HTTP head for the comparison). Or, it also has a "no-clobber" feature that would keep it from even trying to download. Yes, both approaches are more limited than a specific state datastore, but there is state. Cutting to the chase, they seem to depend heavily on a month long trial period, where the work is performed as a contract resource versus an employee, at a $25/hour rate. $25/hour as a straight invoice (subject to self-employment tax), is roughly equivalent to a $40k/year salary at a company that gives -0- benefits, at all. I have no idea if this has any correlation to the salary they ultimately offer. You're right though...it would seem to narrow the field down to those willing to severely undervalue their work for at least 30 days. $25 an hour is paltry for this type of work, no matter the duration. The duration of one month is from the article. It appears to load all of it's large animated gifs all at once...18MB total page weight. There's a bit of code to try and stop path traversal, but it doesn't account for passing d=.. as a url param. A shortened test case using the same code as the app to try and thwart traversal: That would allow you to upload a file one directory above the intended $photo_dir. Interesting to see the anecdotal evidence in the comments that the ACA has been very good to some, and very bad to others. It's been particularly bad for us. The covered employees are largely older (40+), with families, and it's a fairly high-end policy with a low deductible and a high percentage of covered inpatient costs. We pay 100% of the premiums for employees. The cost, for one employee with a family, is now over $1800/month. It is a high end policy, but...WOW. I found a few bits and pieces searching around. The most specific thing was a few bullet points from the resume of a person that did an internship at Bebop: • Implemented modular front-end components & architecture to enable rapid app development on the bebop platform • Designed an intelligent peoples directory by surfacing relationships within an enterprise by analyzing the bebop entity dataset So, some sort of cloud RAD tool. The more interesting conflict (since she donated her windfall to charity) to me is that she's on the Board of Directors for Intuit, makers of Quickbase. From what little information I can glean, Bebop would be a direct competitor to that product. The typical approach is to use realpath(). That would expand out any relative portions of the path, which you could then compare directly with the expected path and know for sure it's in a subdirectory of your intended photo directory. If you go that way, though, you'll also want to stop using the literal '/' and use the DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR constant so that your script runs on windows. realpath(), aside from expanding relative paths, would convert / to \ on a windows platform. What is "an ATS"? Applicant tracking system? Above top secret? Can you share roughly how many employees would have come in the aquihire? $380M is a big number. For those not keeping track, that's the third major breach I've heard of where user data was exposed. Previous Incidents: April, 2013: https://blog.linode.com/2013/04/16/security-incident-update/ January 2014: https://blog.linode.com/2014/01/19/an-old-system-and-a-swat-... (they mention the breach almost in passing...the swatting is unrelated) I really want Linode to do well, but this may be it for me. VPS providers that are typically pitched as Linode Alternatives. Not 1:1 equivalents, but may work depending on your needs. Vultr, Ramnode, Wable, iWStack Or, depending on the number of VPS's you have, you might like: - Aliyun, the cloud service from Alibaba - A dedicated server from OVH, or their mid-tier brand, SoYouStart. This is my personal favorite. They have real DDOS protection, Data centers in North America and Europe, reasonable web interfaces, lots of available IPV4 space, and DIRT CHEAP prices. Run proxmox as the distro, and you get a decent interface to create and manage VPS instances. The most important piece would be to try and split instances across at least two of these providers so that you have some fast recourse if something goes wrong. For the things I'm running, doing a nightly rsync of the data from one provider to another suffices as reasonable insurance. Totally agree with the premise of being diplomatic and calm, even when a customer is wrong. However, it almost reads like he's saying he should have just issued the (undeserved) credit the customer asked for. Personally, I think that could be just as costly over the long term...it sets a precedent that the customer will likely leverage over and over again. There's an "undo send" feature in gmail (settings->general) that has saved me a few times. I wish it would allow for a send delay higher than 30 seconds though. Sounds exactly like a protection racket to me. Artificially create an urgent need for a service, then sell the service. "z" is the marketing term for all of IBM's mainframe products. There are several different operating systems that can run on the mainframes. This port only applies to those running Linux on their mainframe, which isn't terribly common. Most would be running zOS ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z/OS ) or TPF. Their VM hypervisor is also commonly used. IBM's official product to run z/OS on an intel box is here: http://www-03.ibm.com/software/products/en/ratideveandtesten... It's just under $5k USD for a 12 month single user license: https://www-112.ibm.com/software/howtobuy/buyingtools/paexpr... The AS/400 isn't a mainframe. It sits in the same space as VAX/VMS and the HP3000 line. Edit: The common term for these, during their heyday, was "minicomputer" or "midrange". I suspect it's the wide range of special operators, variables and default arguments. Knowing, for example, that shift() shifts @_ by default. That <> iterates over @ARGV. That chomp chomps $_. Messing with @INC changes library search paths, etc. Or, perhaps the syntax for dealing with elements in a somewhat deep data structure, like: push(@{$TV{$family}{kids}},"anotherkid"); Sometimes, people are just griping about regex syntax though, which seems disingenuous, since many languages use the exact same pcre expressions. I like perl, but if it's been a while, there's definitely some back and forth with books to decipher something I wrote some time ago. >>It largely depends from whom you learn. In my case, when you learn :) Ibogaine, and it's effect on GDNF (a brain protein), is reported to have a similar effect[1] on both alcohol and heroin addictions. [1] at least to a layperson like me. >>Your comment actually made me scroll back to >>...check this thread was.. about Perl 6, not Perl 5! Well, the context of the parent, and it's parent, was not Perl 6. I would say both yes, and no. My experience in B2B is that medium to large companies will want to pay you via ACH. However they have little to no interest in entering their online banking ID and password into something like what Stripe is providing. They already make ACH payments, using their own tools, and all they want from you is your routing and account number so they can do so. Assuming you are a US company, with a US bank account, you've already been able to accept ACH payments in this way for some time. This setup from Stripe seems to be targeted at consumers, or maybe small business owners, as the purchaser. I'm sure that's a need, but probably not a huge one. Many of my customers that are medium/large businesses want to make ACH payments, almost none of the small businesses have an interest in that. And where the purchase price is large, those customers don't want some 3rd party interface to send the ACH...they typically already know how to send an ACH. They just want your account+routing so they can do it. In short, this solution from Stripe fills a niche, but it's a very narrow one. Your description does not match Stripe's documentation. Specifically, there's no mention of matching geo-IP to billing address. The problem I see with Stripe's fraud prevention is that it appears to be "all or none", with no visibility or control on our end. The only control knob appears to be whether to allow Stripe to automatically decline things it thinks are fraud. It doesn't appear to provide any detail on why it thought something was fraud. So it seems to leave two choices: - Allow stripe to decline things, and try to address false positives manually. There is no "go ahead and charge this button", by the way...you would have to contact the customer. - Set stripe not to decline things, but lose even the limited visibility to "stripe would have declined this". The real problem, in my mind, is that fraud risk for both the banks and providers like Stripe is really small. You risk very little. The vast majority of the cost goes back the individual merchants/sellers, who have the least visibility into what the risk of an individual transaction is. Thus, there's very little incentive for the banks, or stripe, to provide decent tools. A shame, because your ability to see the bigger pictures means your tools would always be better than anything we can use. Banks DO NOT pick up the bill for fraud in the US. The end merchant/seller does. Edit: Downvote all you like. It's the truth. When the chargeback comes, you pay Stripe/Paypal/Etc a fee, and they yank the funds out of your account. Whatever item you shipped is gone. Edit 2: The liability shift referred to below doesn't apply to online transactions. Card not present fraud is almost 100% on the seller/merchant. And given that the context is Stripe, well.. What portion of the $40T do you suppose, though, is the type of transaction that would move to something like Stripe? At least in the U.S, Stripe's opportunity is moving more of that $7T to ACH, not moving existing ACH to their platform. Appreciate the response. I suppose the most simple change would be visibility to "would have declined" if the "automatically decline detected fraud" buttons are set to off. That would allow the flexibility for merchants to make their own decisions without the hassle of manually dealing with false positives. The trouble with the false positives is that you have to talk the customer into entering all their data again, without having anything specific to tell them, like "Er, you were declined, but I have no idea why...can you try again?". I think 3DS may work better in Europe, but here in the U.S., it just doesn't. It requires the use of a password, and adds additional steps to the checkout process. You can't really make it mandatory on your store, as conversions/sales would crumble. So, you make it optional. If it's optional, only the most security conscious customers end up using it. Those are the customers with the lowest risk of having their card info stolen, and the most likely to report it quickly if the info is stolen. So it adds more protection around a tiny fraction of your sales...the sales that were already very unlikely to be fraudulent. It doesn't make any notable change to "the cost of online fraud in the US is 100% on the merchant/seller". For me, subscriptions wouldn't be great. There aren't many sources where I appreciate a wide enough range of their stuff that I would want the "buffet" model of paying for access to everything they have. As an example, I really like vice.com's reporting and perspectives on Syria, ISIS, etc. However, I'm not a fan of their reporting on other topics, like gun violence, environmental issues, etc. I would be much more excited about micropayments where I pay only for what I care about. In the same way that I like "on demand movies" over say, a subscription to HBO. I do see what you mean, but it works for me today for things like movies. I assume, if this kind of content got to the point that most of the good stuff was behind a paywall that some sort of review system would spring up. Hopefully it would be more granular than just at the website level, perhaps being able to drill down to a specific journalist / category / article / whatever. Maybe that feedback loop would shape things in a way that I would be more willing to subscribe to a entire publication vs cherry picking individual authors or content. Their investor faq page ( http://investor.gopro.com/faq.cfm ) says 1460 employees total. That would make about 100 employees being cut. There's also about 80 open positions there now (I didn't count internships). https://gopro.com/careers/jobs Buy low, right? Well, nobody can guess the exact bottom. Buying, even yesterday, may not look so bad if you look at the 1+ year chart. Unless you're into day trading. "Fucked Company specialized in covering the rapid collapse of dotcoms with no business model" That may have been the intended purpose, but some of their most widely covered stuff was closer to this. Like the ruckus with Ford Motor Company. More funny with the context that EMACS was known as "Eight Megs And Constantly Swapping". >>Also, drivers have the option to work at other networks. >For now. I suspect that won't last long. That would almost certainly change the driver from an independent contractor to an employee. I don't know if the Uber business model would survive that. At the moment, network switching and routing with open source products + commodity servers can't scale like Cisco and Juniper...if you want to have a fairly standard network (OSPF, BGP, etc). Google, for example, is able to use commodity hardware because what they are routing works with a non-traditional setup...specifically a Clos network. That works for them only because their app is designed in a way that it can served up like that. It would not work for the typical kinds of traffic that you see at a normal company. At a certain scale, barring unusual exceptions, you really do have to go with someone like Juniper/Cisco, as the ASIC based acceleration and other features aren't there in the commodity world. There's certainly some things in progress that may change all of that, like Intel's DPDK, QuickAssist, etc. Interesting. The specific IRS guidance that seems to be in conflict: "We also want to consider the availability of services. Are the worker’s services available to the market? ...Also, an independent contractor is generally free to seek out business opportunities." I would add certain use cases of firewalls to that as well. I interviewed there in 2008, well before the Holacracy movement. Tony, while clearly brilliant, seemed to have some sort of "reality distortion field" surrounding him. The interview process is pretty intense, so I talked to a lot of people there. They mostly seemed aligned on their opinions of what was working well, what wasn't, etc. None of their opinions matched what I heard from Tony. I have to imagine then, that this Holacracy experiment, as implemented at Zappos, must have been even more bizarre than it seems generically. They seem to have no qualms about using sales stats to undercut sellers on Amazon Marketplace. http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB100014240527023044414045774829... I see no reason this would be any different. Not mentioned in the article, but paypal allows you to send a single invoice to up to 100 different email addresses with a single click. It also allows a 1-click way to email anyone that "hasn't paid" with an update. Indeed. Going to HR when the harasser has high value to the company might work differently... http://www.sfweekly.com/thesnitch/2015/03/07/former-google-e... https://developer.paypal.com/docs/classic/invoicing/IntroInv... Is Azure more expensive? I can't tell, in any simple way. Is there a place that offers some simple apples-to-apples comparison for typical use cases? All three require complex calculators that account for bandwidth use, ip addresses, etc. Edit: I do see some tools after searching some, but they are all flawed a bit because the three providers don't all offer the same thing. Azure's 2 core machines start with significantly more RAM than Google or AWS, so it's not a great comparison. The tools don't make that sort of mismatch easy to see. Just to illustrate how hard it is to do a simple comparison, you show Azure's 3/4 GB ram offering as being 2 cores and > $100/month. But, if I go to their pricing page ( https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/virtual-ma... ), I see: A2 - 2 Cores, 3.5GB, 40GB: $70 A2 - 2 Cores, 3.5GB, 135GB: $89 D1 - 1 Core, 3.5GB, 50GB: $104 D2 - 2 Cores, 7GB, 100GB: $115 D2V2 - 2 Cores, 7GB, 100GB: $127 Thus, I'm not sure which one you're referring to. You seem to be referring to one with 7GB RAM, which seems not to be a very direct comparison. You're looking at Windows instances. Click the linux tab. It is not obvious...really. Azure: 4 cores, 7GB RAM, 120GB Disk + 200GB xfer, Basic Tier: $156.84 AWS: C4.Xlarge, 7.5GB RAM, 80GB SSD, + 200GB xfer: $170.37 Can I make examples where Azure is more expensive...sure. But straight comparisons are hard to do. The product offerings don't line up well. The key to the low cost seems to be that he needed to process 10TB. You get 10TB "data in" free, per month. Had it been 10TB more, or if he needed to run more than once a month, or if he needed to get that 10TB back out, the bill is around $920. Edit: Inbound might be unlimited free. The calculator did show me an inbound total a few times, but I can't reproduce it now. Appears that way. Still $920 if you had wanted to extract the 10TB back out though. My example above is Linux, and Azure is cheaper for that one specific example. Just making the point that it's not easy to compare. You mention one reason above. It's not as simple as "Azure charges for both ingress/egress." For example, Azure includes 5TB/month ingress/egress. AWS 1TB/egress, unlimited ingress. I imagine in some cases that 5TB in/out is better than 1TB/unlimited. There are many others, like the fact that the instances don't have many 1:1 matchups across providers. Add in things like load balancing, storage, etc, and it gets more complex. It does appear that Azure is usually more expensive, but it's not so easy to tell for sure. Bitcoin is mentioned in the article, but only in the context of "thousands of tiny thefts from ordinary people". That description doesn't match the bitcoin heists over the past few years. Mt Gox alone was $460M USD. I suspect some of the individual losses weren't uh, tiny. I'm guessing a sizable amount of Saddam's various treasures might have gone missing as well. Not on anyone's balance sheet that was in a position to complain. Other than maybe anything Kuwait never recovered. Ah, yes, an errant space. Or a missing period. My humblest apologies. Looks like you figured out what I meant though. Similarly, thanks KA9Q & WATTCP. Oh, and Kermit too. One strategy that sometimes works is to help people see the tie between your app/product and something else that's already popular. One of the other comments here notes that your application does some kind of scanning for open ports. Assuming the application has some kind of integration... That might be easy to link to, for example, Docker. A blog post showing how to "automate security validation for newly created containers" might have a broader audience that just "port scanning". Especially if you provide working code, and some path to integrate more than just your app. Excerpt from the summary for one of the two keynote speeches... "But this has brought along the unintended consequences of viewability challenges, fraud, and ad blocking. What’s more, this myopic pursuit of success has created burnout and disengagement...2016 must mark a significant shift in our thinking" [1] [1] http://www.iab.com/events/iab-annual-leadership-meeting-2016... Sure. Some of it was real though... $780M USD in cash for example, was found. The soldiers didn't grab all of it, but skimmed a significant amount. "In all, 50 steel boxes were found by the five soldiers ...but only 47 were declared. It was a heist completed in an afternoon and worth $12.3 million." [1] [1] http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iraq/14... I suspect it's the pricing model. Reportedly, the charge is "30% of your ad revenue". There's also no concrete definition of why some sites are whitelisted for free, and others have to pay. Soldiers in a war zone also typically don't have to pay for shelter and food... For comparison, Paypal is down 5%, Capital One is down 5.24%, Intuit down 2.24%, Visa down 3%, Amazon down 4.4%. Not to say that a 10% drop isn't notable, but the whole market is taking a beating today. What's really scary to me is that very, very few defendants actually go to trial in the US. For a variety of troubling reasons[1], most defendants take a plea bargain. I would guess the risks associated with planting evidence and other misconduct by police is pretty low when you use it to coerce a plea. There's not any sort of venue to expose it. [1] http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2014/11/20/why-innocent-peop... The secret is government subsidies. Not just from China to Chinese businesses either. Some driven by the UPU program through the UN[1], as well as individual receiving country's programs, like the "ePacket" program where US bound shipments from China get artificially low rates from the USPS. [1] http://fortune.com/2015/03/11/united-nations-subsidy-chinese... >>Market rate from Shenzhen to Long Beach to ship a >>container is about $1200 right now Just so there's context, the actual cost is much, much higher than $1200. That's just the payment for the ocean journey. The other costs are factory to port (varies), insurance+docs (few hundred), destination port charges ($1k or so), customs bond, and then the actual duty for the imported items. Lastly, of course, getting the container from the dock to where you are to unload it. The turning point is probably not that their behavior changed, but that it began to be exposed. First, when video cameras became easily attainable by regular people (Rodney King), then later, when almost everyone starting carrying a video camera (smart phones). I didn't quite get what a unikernel was. Reading up on approaches that were a bit different than MirageOS was helpful: http://osv.io/ https://github.com/rumpkernel/rumprun >>and no, they aren't all living with their families or have spouses helping out Honestly curious...what are they doing then? Isn't the typical rent cost higher than the entire salary of a low level employee at a charitable org? There are recent commits: https://github.com/cloudius-systems/osv/commits/master I posted the links because (at least for me) it was hard to get my arms around what a unikernel was by looking at MirageOS. Largely because I have little knowledge of functional programming, OCaml, etc. This article does a good job of explaining: http://www.dailyfinance.com/on/corporations-cash-hoard-trill... Some interesting excerpts: "Four of the top five holders of cash are tech companies ...who together possess...about 23 percent of all cash owned by corporate America today. Overall, the tech sector controls more than half of such cash" "about 60 percent of [non-financial corporate] cash piles are offshore and subject to as much as 35 percent tax if brought back to the U.S." Heh. No, I looked up the average rent for Oakland, which I assumed would be less expensive than downtown SF. I saw $3k, which would likely be higher than the take home pay for a low-level employee. My experience. We bring in 3 or 4 containers a year. The costs above and beyond just the "ocean shipping" part for the most recent one was $1914. $830 of it was the customs duty, which will vary wildly depending on the HTS code of what's being imported, and how much you brought in. Olimex, who are in a strong position to know, say that the cpu alone (Allwinner R8M) costs $16, direct from Allwinner[1], in volume. That's just the CPU. None of the other components, the PCB, the labor, etc. The $9 price just isn't sustainable. It appears the the CHIP team is doing a combination of padding shipping prices, and probably taking a loss for the sake of initial marketing. [1] https://olimex.wordpress.com/2015/06/05/how-to-get-in-the-ne... The cpu for that is a broadcom BCM2835. The best guesses for that part is somewhere in the $3 range. Unlike the CHIP, it has no onboard flash, or wifi. It does have HDMI. Personally, I don't see how the Zero could cost less than $5 to make. Even if the BCM2835 is $2, there's the 512MB ram, various connectors, PCB, etc. The bom cost for the RPI zero is clearly lower. No flash, no wifi, much cheaper cpu, etc. It is almost a certainty that the BOM cost alone for the CHIP exceeds $9. That's the unassembled pile of parts. >>Sell the CHIP for cheap and get people to buy the accessories This, combined with inflated shipping, is probably the key. However, even assuming some aggressive discounts, the BOM must still be higher than $9. Even with crazy discounts, the CPU + Realtek Wifi + PMU alone would have to be close to $9. There's a lot of other parts as well: https://github.com/NextThingCo/CHIP-Hardware/raw/master/CHIP... The author is a few years out of college, with work experience that consists of a bunch of short term (3-4 months) projects with wildly different roles (EE java, iOS, Android, Scala, Ruby). His blog posts all seem to follow a pattern of "bad things" he observes others doing, and what his advice is. His experience level seems a little light to be writing with that kind of tone. That said, he does seem to have experience with a wide array of different platforms, client companies, etc. I think he would get more people to pay attention if he would post something based on those experiences. Or, if it's going to be a "this is bad, do this instead" post, use your own experience...something you started doing badly yourself and then recovered from. The R8M has integrated flash and DRAM...$16 is the high quantity price. That was the original CPU CHIP was going to use. They switched to the R8 (no flash/dram) for some reason. The R8 is $5 in high quantities, but of course, they would now need to add the flash and dram, neither of which is cheap. The article isn't quite what the title implies. The author does, in fact, seem to be convinced he knows exactly what he's doing, all the time :) Related...Apache, nginx, and probably other web servers can be coerced into handling sendfile() for you. https://tn123.org/mod_xsendfile/ https://www.nginx.com/resources/wiki/start/topics/examples/x... I linked to the "harder to grok" piece because that's what would give you programmatic control by setting an X header. That's as opposed to calling sendfile() yourself from your app. Helpful if you're trying to do something more than just serve up static files...like maybe in a page cache, where you also want dynamic control over other headers, etc. The simpler sendfile=on would just be instructing nginx to use it for static files. Apparently from John Ousterhout, creator of Tcl/Tk. Popfile is worth looking at if this was interesting to you. It is a general purpose naïve bayesian email classifier that you can integrate with almost any email system. They took some of the concepts in the article mentioned here and expanded on them a bit. For example, they have the idea of "pseudowords"[1] so that you're working with more than just the words in the email. Like html:td for example...it expands to the number html table cells in an email, which might help with choosing a bucket. [1] http://getpopfile.org/docs/faq:pseudowords The article claims that they could produce such a ball, but choose not to because of the high initial investment combined with the weak IP law in China. No sense in footing the bill for the needed R&D, when your investment will be quickly stolen by the local competition. I'm no expert, but we do import quite a bit of a specific type of electronics from China. The various companies steal from each other with impunity. Not just ideas...like specific microcode for example. The physical proximity, plus the fact that it's not technically illegal makes it easy. Stealing from Germany/Switzerland/Japan might have consequences, at least for exporting to where you stole from. It's also not as easy as just hiring away an expert from down the street. You can approximate this with gmail using the plus sign. Like myaccount+label@gmail.com. It's ignored for delivery, but gmail's filters can match on it in the to: address. "In this setting, G'MIC may be seen as a serious (and friendly) competitor of the ImageMagick or GraphicsMagick software suites."[1] [1] http://gmic.eu/ That feels a lot like being billed as an IM alternative to me. One of two possible interfaces (command line vs not command line) The context is that their command line interface is billed as an alternative to IM. The described issues that prompted the switch don't really have much to do with Python. The issues map back to running on whatever installation of Python the customer might already have. Lua, in and of itself, didn't solve the problems. Shipping their own, known, Lua interpreter + extensions solved them. (which they could have done with Python) One of my replies may be in your "negative" pile. It wasn't intended to be negative, just to point out that the cited reasons in the article for the switch weren't specific to python...just how they decided to use it. They may have been concerned about packaging python because of the size, but didn't call that out. Had the title been "Why we Chose to use Lua" it probably would have garnered more positive comments. Indeed. The example appears to be "spray/pray": https://github.com/joearms/music_experiments/blob/master/pd.... UDP, without some layer on top of it for ack or retry, or ordering, isn't useful for many requirements. Maybe things like displaying stock quotes, where stale data doesn't matter after a few seconds? I think the point is just to say that the article shouldn't tout plain UDP as a fix for TCP being hard in certain languages without calling out the downside. Yep. When suggesting a change from one to the other, it might be a good idea to explain the benefits and tradeoffs. I didn't suggest otherwise. That said, most protocol implementations that I'm aware of over UDP have one or more of "retry/order checking/etc" on top of them. Like NFS, Bootp, tftp, etc. If you received a notice, and opted out, or were not sent a notice...then you aren't part of the "class". The notice has to have an opt out procedure. Edit: If either of the above applies, you are free to bring your own suit. Uber and Lyft get out of more than just paying benefits by classifying their workers as independent contractors. They also avoid paying their portion of the payroll taxes, liability for workman's comp, protective laws (minimum wage, unemployment coverage, for example). Edit: For those downvoting...you really think these exact things weren't discussed when Uber & Lyft were deciding how they would comp drivers? Heh. I bet that Lyft and Uber would greatly reduce the contention with their drivers if they changed the app so that riders could optionally tip the driver. I'm sure that enabling tips would create other issues, but the bump in compensation would probably go a long way toward improving the relationship. I think it's a good question, and I'm surprised by the terse responses. The link you provided seems to indicate that people with reasonable credentials, either in Philosophy, or AI, struggle with it. Ahh. Wasn't aware of that. I found a screenshot, and it's an odd, non-obvious way to allow tipping: http://www.sarahdoody.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/lyft-ux... I wonder how much that keeps it from being used. It seems like many aren't quite getting what's going on here...here's a brief overview: Shodan.io fancies itself as a search engine where you can search for IOT things (webcams, refrigerators, etc) that are on the internet. They have no technical issues doing this in the IPV4 space, because it's easy enough to scan every single address in the space. This isn't practical for IPV6. So, it seems they wanted a way to identify every IOT device in the IPV6 space without having to scan all of it. At least one approach they found was to join the ntp.org pool[1], and effectively donate server time. Since pool.ntp.org is the default NTP server listed for many linux distros (and thus, probably IOT devices), they now are getting live connections from the exact devices they want to index on their search engine. Once you connect, they scan you back on 100 ports on so (ports unrelated to NTP) to see if you are a webcam, router, or whatever else they want to put in their index. Pretty shady. Kind of like volunteering for a charity so that you can raid their internal mailing list for spam purposes. [1] http://www.pool.ntp.org/join.html I think it's more difficult to get to the truth. This article seems credible: https://pando.com/2015/01/09/the-hidden-cost-of-being-an-ube... But, what it shows as the "income after op cost" isn't the real truth. That figure ($12.62/hr in Chicago, $34.04/hr in NYC) would be basically 1099 income. You would have to pay self employment tax (not trivial), and forgo whatever benefits a cab company might provide their employees. If you look for average salary for cab drivers, and compare to the above, you would gather that cab drivers do better than Uber drivers in Chicago, but worse in NYC. I can't find any credible sources where it seems 100% clear that the comparison is thorough, and apples to apples. There are lots and lots of people that have 2 concurrent part time jobs, right now. Not trying to be coy, just trying to understand why we need a new classification. This is also effectively true for the more broadly used Google Adsense (not just DFP). They do support displaying adsense, but then screen out all non-https ads. Which, of course, results in a lower CPM.[1] [1] https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/10528?hl=en >>In short; Google will penalize me because I use Google +++ Also funny, because for many sites that run DFP or Adsense...that's their biggest source of income. So, G is rationalizing their slow pace with the same reason that's not good enough for others :) They are, however, paying their portion of the payroll taxes, disability, unemployment, etc. And perhaps softer benefits that still have costs, like paid time off. They are taking the data from the scans and building a nice easy to use searchable signature database for script kiddie hackers. At the very least, it's impolite. Sure. I like free things as well. They run a port scan against your ip and publish the discovered info publicly. You may find that okay, others don't. That's not the irk. Rude behavior isn't suddenly polite just because I have great security. The spirit of donating server time to the ntp.org pool is not to use the data for your own self promotion. Bookmarking this for future entertainment. I hope he got a dump of their emails...that's probably where most of the interesting stuff is. If it's helpful, here's a good overview of why I'm experiencing Schadenfreude over this: http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2014/12/how-poli... Are there some types of content where the author, photographer, etc will produce it without direct compensation? Sure. Are there others where that's not practical? Also, yes. Maybe not things that you need, but this problem does exist. At the moment, there's not a model, outside of ads, that works very well for that sort of thing. There are some subscription/micropayment schemes that seem promising, but nothing that works as well as ads do. For drivers other than Linux: The manufacturer's website is http://wch.cn Their drivers are here: http://wch.cn/index.php?s=/page-search_content-keyword-USB%E... They don't appear to be open source, but I believe they are signed drivers for both Windows and OSX. The article is talking about the paid inclusion model for the widgets that Google returns when you perform certain kinds of searches, like: - flights from NYC to Los Angeles - compare credit cards - hotel near los angeles You'll notice that in each of those cases, there are no organic results above the fold. Also, if you want to see what happens when you don't pay to play, search for: - flights from dallas to houston Look for Southwest Airlines in the widget...they won't pay Google. >>This has nothing to do with Google Yes, SWA does avoid pay-to-play in other situations. However, Southwest specifically asked Google to remove prices from the flight widget. There were there at first. There's a reddit AMA from the Google Flights team where they talk about it. The barrier is likely the process through which PCT was mandated. Starting with this: https://www.fra.dot.gov/Elib/Document/2189 "(3) POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL SYSTEM.—The term ‘positive train control system’ means a system designed to prevent train-to-train collisions, over-speed derailments, incursions into established work zone limits, and the movement of a train through a switch left in the wrong position." The deadlines, definitions, etc, don't line up well with a "What can we do now, with existing tech, that would add value at a low cost?" approach. Actually, no. Refusing to talk to them would result in the "Error 10", and the driver not loading. What they are doing is allowing the driver to attach, and then sending arbitrary random crap down the line. >>Shouldn't the fault be on the people who used fake chips? It doesn't appear that the problem is people buying fake chips on purpose. All of the large chip distributors have unwittingly sent out fakes. This approach punishes - the end users, who likely had no role in this at all - manufacturers of devices who thought they were buying legit chips I think it's trying to play in the same space as http://wable.com That is to say, you pay for a bundle of resources (x cpu cores, x gb memory, x gb disk, x ipv4) at a fixed price. Then, you can subdivide that into however many VPS instances as you want (well, within reason). As for trusting it, well...it looks like there might not be much of actual service behind the front page. It's possible it's just a tweaked version of this bootstrap theme: http://themes.getbootstrap.com/products/marketing That said, the Wable business model seems to be popular, and they don't appear to have much competition using the "resource bundle" model. It looks like they are trying to use the same model as http://wable.com/ . They sell you a monthly subscription to a resource bundle (some # of cpus, ram, disk space, ipv4s) that you can then run as 1 large VPS, or 3 medium ones, or 4 smalls + 1 medium, etc. Wable is fairly popular because of this approach, and they are relatively unique in doing it that way. So, a VPS on OVH hardware? You could save a little money by skipping the middleman :) https://www.ovh.com/us/vps/vps-ssd.xml Paid clicks up 31% overall, on Google’s own sites, up 40%. That's a bit concerning to me, especially when you consider: a) That growth is outpacing internet traffic growth, and has for many years now. Internet traffic CAGR is 23%[1] b) The shift from desktop to mobile should have the effect of reducing clicks. c) Since some of the growth is video, I would expect a decrease in click growth related to this as well. Video adds to bandwidth growth pretty directly. Click growth would be less direct. Sergey and Larry, at least at one time, might have expressed concern: "The goals of the advertising business model do not always correspond to providing quality search to users"[2] [1] http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/collateral/service-pr... [2] http://infolab.stanford.edu/~backrub/google.html If you're an advertiser, you've already seen this. Mobile viewers click on ads less often than desktop viewers. So, absent any other variables...if mobile traffic is growing faster than desktop traffic, year over year, click growth would slow. Sergey/Larry explain it better than I would. http://infolab.stanford.edu/~backrub/google.html Scroll down to "Appendix A: Advertising and Mixed Motives" They are getting better, every single year, over more than a decade, in a way that click growth outpaces traffic growth. Despite circumstances that would counter the effort. It seems unlikely it's just targeting, without spilling over into something that's bad for consumers. Semantics. The context is that the growth is higher in the area that has a naturally lower CTR. The news is basically that Google released their earnings today. The click growth is part of that news. Yes, I get that, but the word "shift" in this context isn't all that important. The "desktop/high CTR" leveling off while "mobile/low CTR" grows was the important bit. I'm not the first person to call that a shift. The parent of your response points to an FTC report (an internal one that was leaked). Within that report, they show how Google was able to tweak the questions until end users stopped liking something they did like with the previous set of questions. The questions being tweaked were specifically about a type of site that competed with Froogle/Google Shopping that Google wanted demoted. >> Care to present any evidence They certainly do things today that they did not do 5 years ago. Like specific query results where everything above the fold on desktop is an ad. I personally do not think that's good for consumers. I suspect, though, that you disagree. On your other point, they are getting better every year as measured by a YoY comparison...not just plain growth. Double-digit percentage YoY improvement. That's hard to do. >>The fact that the increase was YoY makes it even more dubious. YoY click growth percentage has been higher than traffic growth for years and years for Google. I suspect there are a number of reasons for it. The 100% ads above the fold did get a lot of complaints in 2014, specifically because Google announced it would penalize sites that did that. Quite a few examples of Google doing this were subsequently pointed out, due to the irony. You are correct in that I don't have an itemized, timestamped list of the things they've done over the years to either push organics down the fold, or expose ads further down the fold. There are many things they've done that are pretty subtle as well. - The wikipedia information in the sidebar when you do informational searches used to have links to wikipedia...leading you away from google. They now keep you within Google, and include links to ads: http://i.imgur.com/j3w9LbP.png - Various widgets push organics down pretty far: http://i.imgur.com/VwYH7mY.png - There are queries that became 100% above the folds ads within the last 1 or 2 years. Travel is especially aggressive: http://i.imgur.com/89iYCmc.png - Other widgets that aren't ads per se, but serve to keep you on Google's site as you drill down to pages that will have ads: http://i.imgur.com/v1urMBm.png I didn't say anything about investment advice. My concern was from a consumer point of view. You also put "funny feeling" in quotes, as if I'd said that. In short, the repeated pattern of click growth outpacing traffic growth has me concerned that they are achieving that, in part, with strategies that are bad for the end user. Google says they care about such things. https://www.google.com/about/company/philosophy/ Non-anecdotal evidence is hard to collect, since Google doesn't release statistics like "organic click growth" or "real estate devoted to organic vs ads". I can certainly post screenshots of queries that are 100% ads above the fold, but lacking the kind of information only Google has, they are, by definition, anecdotal. >>That still has a link to wikipedia The sidebar wikipedia info used to have all links that went to wikipedia. The one I posted isn't the best example for hat, but it is the best example of one with a directly monetized link. >>That second box isn't an ad, it's just a called out search result. It also consumes vertical space, pushing the organics down. The relevance is also quite low, being a link to a discontinued product. >>You're missing my point because that's exactly it. Not missing your point. I'm not saying the few examples I gave are everything they've done. I think they've been doing things like, for several years, this to sustain the expected growth. Lacking a dividend, the pressure to sustain growth rates is pretty high. Edit: It's also likely that for other purposes (testing/deployment/whatever), these things (and similar ones I haven't noticed) have dials for where/when/how often they are exposed, either by geography, search terms, demographic, or some other criteria. A bunch of dials would also allow you to smooth growth if you wanted. Interesting. The home page could use a little more intro text since "tracing" in a CS context could mean raytracing, tracing raster images into vectors, tracing system calls (ala strace), etc. Pictures of the clock from when it was being dismantled: http://www-pao.ksc.nasa.gov/images/small/2014-4558-s.jpg http://www-pao.ksc.nasa.gov/images/small/2014-4559-s.jpg http://www-pao.ksc.nasa.gov/images/small/2014-4560-s.jpg http://www-pao.ksc.nasa.gov/images/small/2014-4561-s.jpg FWIW, It's not just the AtlasObscura writer. NASA calls it analog on the page referenced: "Workers remove the analog countdown clock from its mount..." I don't know that it would result in a business failing, but there's certainly lost opportunity. Marks and Spencer is a fairly recent example, perhaps not JS payload specifically, but lower conversions related to site performance. Considering the audience might help as well. For example, if rural U.S. dwellers are a demographic you want, many of them are on low bandwidth connections. This is very interesting, but it seems to solve a problem that may not exist much longer. The big difference with LVE is that it works at a thread level, such that you can, for example, place one http request within a running apache instance into a specific user's cgroup. That makes it useful in shared hosting environments, where multiple end users are sharing one instance of apache, mysql, etc. The trouble with this, to me, is that shared hosting is on its deathbed. It is more efficient than the VPS model, but so much money is going into the VPS world (digitalocean, linode, ovh, etc). Thus, that efficiency edge doesn't translate into any cost savings for the end user. Shared hosting seems to survive solely because they provide some amount of managed service and somewhat end user friendly interfaces (cpanel). Sooner or later, though, players like DigitalOcean will fill that gap, with things like their "one click installs", improved control panels, etc. I'm not sure if there's another use case for LVE outside of shared hosting. >>The efficiency does translate into a saving for those hosters This is true from a hardware standpoint. However, after paying for CloudLinux and Cpanel licenses, the advantage may falter. And, they are racing deeper pockets to the bottom. They (cloudlinux) do distribute the binary. Somebody important seems unconvinced: https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/master/kernel/module.... I suppose it's whether the effort to integrate that thread-level isolation drives enough benefit to justify itself. For cloudlinux customers (shared hosting providers) the typical things they need already have the mods put in by cloudlinux (apache, mysql,etc). Since cloudlinux is, I believe, based on an older version OpenVZ, you would also have to likely backrev to a 2.6.x kernel. That is roughly how things are today, yes. In the future, if the VPS vendors don't go down the road of addressing those two gaps, it would remain that way. Combined with Matt Cutt's "indefinite leave", this seems somewhat curious. Pure speculation, but it's somewhat interesting to me that both are the "old guard" in search, and during their tenure, the pure AI sort of approaches, like Panda and Penguin, were implemented outside of the main algorithm, as bolt-ons that were very klunky and separate. Feels like a move to to clear the way for AI to drive the algorithm, versus running outboard and afterwards as a tweak/tune cycle. Edit: Er, okay. It's not curious that an >the guy was there for 16 years, so it's probably just time for a change This would make sense to me if the announcement included what he was doing next. Often "retiring for personal reasons" is code for something they wouldn't want to put in a press release. Especially when the retiree is less than 50 years old. It's possible. Not typical for the type of person that ascends to that level though. He and Matt were perhaps the two most well known names in that group to the outside public. Both with similar departures (or semi-departures). The tweak tune that I referenced as klunky wasn't the AI per se, but the way Google integrates it into the search results. Awkward enough that they would go more than a year between running/integrating it, and when it was deployed, the search results would swing wildy for weeks. I see a lot of comparisons to Stripe. While I'm sure this API has it's warts, the reasons for it to exist center around cost and control. At a certain scale, companies want the lower cost and higher control associated with having their own merchant account. Cost: Stripe's 2.9% + 30 cents per transaction, if you do enough transactions per month, is very high. How much better you can do depends on some variables like average transaction size, debit/credit mix, etc. You can easily shave it down to around 1.9% in most cases, or better. Again, at a certain scale, giving up 1% or more of your incoming revenue just isn't smart. Control: Lots of areas here. Removing "STRIPE" from the charge listing on the customer's credit card statement. Direct control of chargebacks. Routing to different payment gateways based on card type. Better integration of card-present and online transactions. You do, of course, lose the advantages that Stripe provides, so your scale would have to be such that replicating that functionality is justified. There are solutions in the middle. Authorize.net, for example, will let you use your own merchant account and pay just for the gateway services. They provide some of benefits/features that you would lose doing it from scratch. I agree, but that doesn't seem to be the discussion here :) >Imagine the same thing happening to your car. That sort of exists now. There are parts, like the throttle control on Volvo's, ABS units on BMW's, etc, where the unit is coded to your vehicle. You can't, for example, swap an otherwise identical throttle from a junkyard into a Volvo. It puts the ECU into limp mode, and the car is essentially useless. Now, that's not the result of an over-the-wire firmware update, but that's really the only piece missing. When/If vehicles start regularly updating firmware over the wire, you'll start seeing stuff like this. There's a potential unsolved problem if you think Bernie Sanders would eventually get his wish of taxing stock trades. In fact, I suspect there's a Superpac somewhere that would fund research showing the net effect it might have. Or some organization that would want to know what that does to algorithmic trading. I'm guessing though, the likelihood of a bill like that making it all the way is pretty low. "Everything is a remix" is an interesting take on this sort of thing[1] [1] http://www.npr.org/2014/06/27/322910178/is-everything-a-remi... While it's specific to music, the concept certainly applies to anything creative. Older quora answer from a googler citing some of Amit's thoughts on the matter: https://www.quora.com/Why-is-machine-learning-used-heavily-f... Here's what he has on his official site regarding it: "Has proposed a financial transaction tax which will reduce risky and unproductive high-speed trading and other forms of Wall Street speculation; proceeds would be used to provide debt-free public college education."[1] [1] https://berniesanders.com/issues/reforming-wall-street/ I'm trying to avoid getting into a debate about whether it's a good idea. If you think, though, it has some chance of happening...it does specifically become an "Open Problem in Quantitative Finance", which is what the OP is asking for. Or that the barrier to entry for competitors is too high. It's pretty difficult to replicate the synergy PayPal had with eBay, which drove the number of Paypal customers up so high, so quickly. >>but this (fraud mitigation) is exactly why PayPal "won" the P2P payments space I would argue that Paypal being the default payment method for eBay transactions might have been a more significant factor in their success. True, but that was all very early. The Paypal acquisition happened in 2002. "Success" in the P2P space in the late 90's/early 2000's was at a much, much, smaller scale. Roughly 60% of that $2B in transactions in 2002 that you are referencing came from eBay. >>as a majority of Americans believe the US won the war on Vietnam, or won it but were forced to declare defeat by Congress Do you have a source for this? I don't personally know anyone that thinks either of those things. I'm more of the mind that shipping companies (UPS, Fedex) are overcharging. Each raises their rates approximately 5% every year, significantly higher than the rate of inflation. And, each has a fuel surcharge tied to current pricing. It just seems odd to me. Most people I know in the US would be familiar with the term "Fall of Saigon", which would strongly imply the first option "We Won" isn't correct. Even the pop culture doesn't seem to put out a vibe that suggests the US won. Most of the popular movies about Vietnam tend to highlight the horrors of war in general and not some romantic notion of victory, patriotism, glory, etc. Almost all of them feature scenes with the US soldiers talking about how misguided and poorly run the war was. At best, there may be some people that think "we could have won" had the war been waged in a different way, but I don't even hear that often. In fact, the quagmire of Vietnam was used repeatedly as an argument against the war in Iraq. The rest of your comment is interesting, but this... >>Vietnamese had no Hollywood to force their point of view onto the global society Sort of implies that Hollywood was reinforcing some view that the US won in Vietnam, or that the reasons for the war were noble, or? I can't think of any Hollywood produced Vietnam centric movies that follow that sort of theme. >>There are definitely some who believe 'were forced to declare defeat by Congress'. Sure, and the video you linked to is a great example of that. "Some who believe", though, is a far cry from the "majority of Americans" Edit: Not saying you made that leap..more for the parents of this comment. Probably worth mentioning that mode will be ANDed with the current umask, so _explicitly_ setting the file mode requires a little more work. So, you've met some number of ignorant Americans, including someone who thinks Hiroshima is in Vietnam. That's not really compelling evidence that there's a widespread belief among Americans that we won the Vietnam war. This I agree with...Hollywood did not put out movies with the full context and nuance. On the other hand, most of the movies did highlight the horrors of war, highlight the futility of the effort, disillusion of the front line troops, etc. So, the argument isn't that Hollywood did a terrific job, just that they weren't portraying the war as noble, winnable, etc. There's an interesting theory that shows a potentially simple way to reduce the harmful effects of lobbyists. The short version is that there was a change in Congressional procedure in the 1970's that eliminated the secret ballot for Congressional voting on bills. The downside of this is that lobbyists, for the first time, could know for sure if the money they spent trying to get a vote from a specific member of congress panned out or not. Prior to this change, a member of congress was able to vote their conscience, with no way for lobbyists to actually know how they voted. So, the theory is that going back to a secret ballot could weaken the ability of lobbyists to buy votes. It would be difficult, of course, to change this, since going to a secret ballot would also prevent ordinary citizens from seeing how their elected representatives actually voted. A video that goes into more detail: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJ4tTj6Pe_E It seems reasonable to me to conclude that this system would result in those with the most money and power getting the most face time to present their arguments. Which could often mean that corporate interests trump individual interests. And, of course, there are plenty of instances of corruption in the lobbying process. Everything from outright bribery, to promises of lucrative jobs post retirement for congresspersons, etc. I don't personally think that lobbying should be illegal, but it doesn't seem that odd that someone might think it should be. It shows at least 2 examples of the opposite, yes. That's not, to me, enough to discount that it might be reasonable for a person to be concerned about lobbying, and whether it it might be harmful/illegal. Amazon would probably categorize their push for all online retailers to collect and pay sales tax in all 50 US states as an example of this. Funny thing, though, is that their position was the exact opposite back when there were many states that they had no presence in, and were able to not charge sales tax in those states. It may just be that asylum for purely economic reasons doesn't scale in a way that would solve the problem. This video does a good job of showing that: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPjzfGChGlE I'm reminded of these lyrics... "Love is like oxygen...You get too much you get too high... Not enough and you're gonna die" Well, 3 billion+ desperately poor ( I would guess that a fair amount of the potential cloud growth is in migrating all of that to the cloud, either as an actual migration, or as some new solution built in a cloud that retires an in-house hosted solution. The eventual consolidation of all of that into a pretty small number of big players (Amazon/Google/Microsoft) is a bit concerning in that the reduced diversity of solutions opens up some security, reliability, competitive cost, etc, concerns. Personally, I think the consolidation down to a few players is a big concern. At the moment, there's a fair amount of diversity out there for things like: - server hardware, network hardware, etc - specific linux distribution - webserver "brand" (apache, nginx, etc) and version - database choices (oracle, postgres, mysql, etc) and versions - application server level (java/j2ee/tomcat, node, python, php, etc) I would argue that most of that diversity is currently driven by non-cloud applications. You do, of course, have choices in the cloud as well. However, they all have a lower friction path that would naturally consolidate the current broad array of choices down to fewer solutions. The hard bit is trying to visualize if the majority of non-cloud solutions are eventually going to move to the cloud, or will there always be a significantly large non-cloud solution set out there? There's also the question of how many of the cloud customers would leverage the providers' default tech stack choices versus customers making their own choices. You could set up something to allow a dynamic change in logging level. Doesn't help with blip type issues that happened in the past, but helps with issues that arise and continue. There's a defacto standard for many daemons using SIGUSR1 as a prompt to close/reopen log files. You could settle on some other non-used signals to change the log level. Reminds me of Sun Microsystems' 2001 issue with cosmic rays scrambling SRAM caches in customer's servers...crashing them. http://www.sparcproductdirectory.com/artic-2002-jan-pb.html Amazon seems to be having success selling AWS as a landing point for things that are predictable and don't need instant scaling. Edit: The context here is about non-tech Fortune 500 companies, Government Agencies, etc...and the very large amount of existing "non cloud" opportunity they present for the likes of Amazon. Think General Mills, American Airlines, CVS, Kroger, etc. For example: https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/dole/ Sure, it's odd they think running Sharepoint on AWS is saving them money, but they moved :) Or, you know, maybe a form of radiation creating initially confusing side effects within a commercial product. From his bio page: "In 2011, James moved over to PayPal, first as vice president of global product development and, beginning in 2012, as chief technology officer. In 2015, he expanded his role to also lead the Payment Services business in PayPal, a global team that powers the efficient movement of money and rewards into, out of, and within the PayPal network." So, he was CTO/Infrastructure Guy, then they added on SVP Payment Services some time last year, which sounds like it has a lot to do with overall performance. They do a lot of things with business accounts that is irritating. For example: - they should be able to remove the annoying "USE PAYPAL CREDIT FOR THIS??!?!?!?!?!" overlay. - show transaction ids on the payment confirmation page, rather than making us navigate to a 2 more pages after paying Oh, and not sure if this is related to just business accounts, but I have to log in twice to get logged in. Some kind of cookie bug that's fixed exactly once if I clear cookies, then starts happening again. And, lastly, since I see you have a few disputes/chargebacks...their chargeback handling process is horrid. This looks like the California DOJ dangling some bait : ) http://www.yelp.com/biz/california-department-of-justice-doj... The "you have to log in twice" thing though? https://www.paypal-community.com/t5/About-Business/I-m-being... It's not an edge case. Not that I agree with it, but the premise is this... - reCaptcha presents 2 words for the end user to solve - the purpose of the second word has nothing to do with security. The word itself is not known to Google. - the "fraud" is that Google is deceiving you into helping them decipher the second word for their own financial gain (paraphrasing from http://digitalcommons.law.scu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?articl... ) Edit: Please note that I am not in agreement with the premise above...just trying to summarize it. "Mr. Sanders...proposed a...top tax rate of 52 percent...When you combine it with other taxes that apply to income...it would add up to a combined tax rate of over 73 percent" I'm trying to imagine the scenario under which this would get through Congress unscathed. >> is a key issue in not only the Presidential election but a substantial number of Congressional elections Are there a substantial number of Democratic congresspersons that would line up behind Bernie's tax proposals? Edit: Yes, I get how it works. There's a point, though, where reaching too far is counterproductive. The 27% is what they keep, not the tax rate. The comparison would be 73% to your 40%. This bit is interesting: "Thanks also to the Dropbox product security team for feedback on docs and signal/noise issues" Dropbox, as I remember it, is distributed as "encrypted" pyc files and a modified python runtime that decrypts them. This implies that "secrets" are in their python runtime binary.[1] Makes you wonder what their feedback on signal/noise was,then...perhaps something that kept this from being used to trivially retrieve the keys :) [1] https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&c... Also worth mentioning that Hoover might be posthumously jealous regarding the amount of dirt Google might have on, well...everybody. Sure, they have not yet succumbed to the temptation. There is something unique about a company with their market share in internet search, browser, email, phone handsets, maps/gps, ad clicks etc, though. The sort of triangulated dossier you could put together would be impressive. Edit: "Our new Privacy Policy makes clear that, if you’re signed in, we may combine information you've provided from one service with information from other services." I think it depends on the situation. In some specific niches, there is an obvious cost savings. Tomcat, for example, pretty much decimated the old, highly expensive J2EE app server market. I'll triple down on my sinking ship. I, personally, wouldn't be shocked if a company lobbying for something with potential controversy (Uber, an e-Cig company, whatever) used the data at their disposal to advance their cause. It might start short of blackmail, sure. My e-cig company is going to face a panel of government officials. Might I check my sales records to see if any of them are customers, to help identify someone on the panel that might be more sympathetic? If I had access to other data, might I push farther? It's not that I think Google is particularly more evil than any other corporate entity. It's the scale that scares me. Aside from the products I mentioned, there's also Google Fiber, a fleet of camera equipped cars, the Nest home products, and more. And not much in between all that and something scary other than corporate policy and personal ethics. I'm a fan of novelist Michael Connelly. The main character in his most popular series is named after this artist... http://www.michaelconnelly.com/extras/series/#Bosch Also very similar to Perl's Mail::Send: http://search.cpan.org/~markov/MailTools-2.14/lib/Mail/Send.... Scrapinghub changed not only their pricing, but their pricing model! Guilty! :) http://scrapinghub.com/pricing https://web.archive.org/web/20150302014145/http://scrapinghu... Edit: Joke was easier to get before they changed the HN title for this submission. I agree...I don't see the issue. Consumers are able to, with trivial effort, compare pricing from different providers. Fake sales might have been more interesting prior to the internet, where it wasn't as easy to compare. Like, for example, the current situation with new car prices. Except, later.... "For outsiders, we see evidence for gender bias: women’s acceptance rates are 71.8% when they use gender neutral profiles, but drop to 62.5% when their gender is identifiable." "Overcharging" is not necessarily as easy to identify as you might think. We sell some niche items that happen to also be available on eBay for less. People pay us more, willingly, because they know we'll be around in the future for help, warranty issues, etc. It's confined to outsiders, I assume to negate the effect of "It's a woman, but I already know them". If you say so. Consider the following, less nefarious theory. - Company puts an item on sale, - After the sale, they follow of pattern of starting cautiously, but increasing the price on a regular basis until they see either a drop off in sales, or competitive pressure - The next sale happens whenever it's scheduled to, based on calendar events, excess inventory, etc. Generically, it would be referred to as "OTP NVM", or one time programmable non-volatile memory. There are apparently a few different ways to implement that. A little dry, but the only thing I could find with some comparison of approaches: http://www.kilopass.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/compariso... The post you reference also mentions that the resulting free publicity is boosting Nick's sales of his existing books. So, at least there's some upside to his current situation. Their support site shows a few that seem like they would be great selling points. For example this: http://support.yardbook.com/faq-i-want-to-measure-lot-sizes-... And, of course, even if it were just a re-skinned CRM, having it appear to be niche specific makes it easier to sell. "You understand me and my business..." Not trying to be snarky, honestly. But, this is fiction. Wouldn't you expect a fair amount of viewpoints you didn't agree with to be in a work of fiction? Even outrageous viewpoints? I do agree that publishers have the latitude to decide what they publish, but it seems odd to complain about fictional viewpoints. I suppose this means dropping it altogether (like from Chrome) can't be too far away. My only regret with that would be that we use flash as a way to allow one-button copy to the clipboard (using this http://zeroclipboard.org/ ). We had tried non-flash solutions, but none of them worked. This sounds like it might work https://clipboardjs.com/ , so I guess I'll be adding a backlog item to look at it. Flash used to be the only thing that worked, cross-browser. Chrome, I know for sure, changed their minds several times on whether they would allow it...security model thing, you could make it work only by tweaking some internal chrome setting. The sales pitch at https://clipboardjs.com/ makes it sound like perhaps things have changed enough that a reasonable cross-browser solution is possible now. It appears to be for the Myricom LanAI processor, which is available to others. It's an older 32 bit RISC processor, used as the offload engine for their NIC cards. Here's gcc for it: https://github.com/myri/lanai-gcc Sounds like it's not particularly interesting unless you want to write your own network offload code. Edit: Probably just the offload processor they are choosing for their in-house routers/switches/servers. And, probably they want their own firmware either for security/nsa reasons, or performance, or both. Also, RF energy is more damaging to tissues that lack blood flow to control heat. Like eyeballs, and testicles. If you search a little, you'll find that Google hired Myricom's CEO, Founder/CTO, and several engineers. I suppose it's possible they licensed the IP too. There's other things you can offload now as well. Search for info on DPDK, Intel QuickAssist, etc. These sorts of things will allow off the shelf hardware to displace expensive, proprietary ASIC accelerated routers, firewalls, etc. Heh. I suppose there's an app idea in there somewhere...click on a company and visualize notable inbound/outbound talent migrations. er, I didn't attack anyone, nor did I imply anything about "sufficient compensation". I said "some upside". http://blog.chromium.org/2016/02/transitioning-from-spdy-to-... Same article, without a 960 pixel circular logo at the top :) The customer service piece will likely work better on Amazon, but there will be some initial pain. The low prices on Alibaba have a lot to do with sellers that provide zero customer service. For example, order something at the beginning of Chinese New Years. You'll go two straight weeks, or more, no communication, nothing ships. Similar for returns...many just don't support it at all. There's also a fair amount of mispresentation...what ships isn't at all what's pictured. Amazon, of course, sticks it to sellers that do these sorts of things, so you'll see a cycle where it starts with unbelievable low prices, then the pricing will normalize after Amazon puts the screws to the sellers. They do benefit from postal subsidies, on both sides of the shipment. Direct help from China, then indirect help via the Universal Postal Union in the receiving country. It's the Universal Postal Union subsidies. The low prices aren't hurting ChinaPost. Your tax dollars in the receiving country are where the money comes from. I can tell you they will have a difficult time, at least initially, with Amazon's seller policies. The idea of mandated timelines for shipping, returns/refunds on a customer whim, timely communication with buyers, accurate product pictures + descriptions, accurate inventory levels, etc, will be a shock. I predict lots of interesting new posts in the Amazon seller's forum. One funny side effect is that the subsidies don't work in the opposite direction. It's not uncommon for the postage cost for a return to significantly exceed the original cost of the item+shipping. It does mention toggling off the veth device "checksum offloading" as a valid workaround. In many situations, you might still have unencrypted traffic, even if your app is using authenticated encryption. Like, for example, if you're doing DNS lookups, or syslog to a remote host, etc. The Universal Postal Union is part of the UN. Certain countries get favorable treatment, based on being designated "transitional" under the current agreements. China is currently "transitional". I suppose, technically, it's not a subsidy, but it works like one by setting a fixed, unrealistic cap on rates from the receiving country. Does the Washington Post count as credible? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/storyline/wp/2014/09/12/... Edit: I have only anecdotal evidence of the other subsidies I mentioned...the Chinese side ones. We buy a lot from China. Edit 2: You may also hear people complaining about the special ePacket program that the USPS negotiated. This is an interesting Inspector General document on whether it was a good idea; https://www.uspsoig.gov/sites/default/files/document-library... Lxc itself is a bit hobbled on distros other than Ubuntu if you want unprivileged containers or containers running systemd based distros. https://www.flockport.com/lxc-and-lxd-support-across-distrib... LXD is more often associated with a VPS style container, versus docker style containers. So, at the moment, it does have a distinctly "only runs right on Ubuntu" feel. A lot of large companies also run things like websense, which has a MITM and fake root certs at it's core so it can decide if you're looking at company approved content. >>That article is almost a year old now. Not much has changed, at least as far as running LXC/LXD using something other than Ubuntu as the host os. Not LXC's fault exactly, just the underlying set of requirements, kernel/systemd/etc patches, assuming you want the unpriv containers and systemd based containers to run. Technically, you could find and apply all of those to Debian, Redhat, whatever, and use them as the host OS, but it wouldn't be a trivial effort. In it's current state, you can't (in a practical way) run LXD on a host os other than Ubuntu. So, using LXD means migrating away from whatever host os you are using, and switching to Ubuntu. That's not trivial. Over time, as each distro catches up with the same patches/kernel version/etc choices ubuntu made, this problem will go away. For now, however, LXD means Ubuntu as the host os. You apparently didn't need unprivileged containers and/or a guest os that uses systemd. And it sounds like you didn't need lxd. Edit: Or you did, and you figured out how to replicate all the needed changes back to Deb. There are some frogs and turtles that can be frozen alive, then thawed out, with no ill effects. https://www.units.miamioh.edu/cryolab/projects/woodfrogfreez... This bill doesn't change anything about local sales tax, on internet purchases, other than prohibiting something punative...like where buying something over the internet would incur a tax HIGHER than buying it locally. There is a separate fight going on around local taxes for items bought on the internet. At the moment, an online business is able to charge sales tax only for sales that are shipped to a state that it has a presence in. Amazon, being what it is, has a presence in every US state...so they tack on the appropriate sales tax for wherever you live. And, Amazon is lobbying for legislation that would push every online retailer to do the same, even if they don't have a presence in the shipping destination state. Edit: It's pretty complex: http://blog.taxjar.com/charging-sales-tax-rates/ >>nobody was willing to give up any data, fearing they would lose their own value in the system I suspect this is correct, particularly between the insurance companies and the providers. The coding of what exactly was done directly drives the reimbursement that the providers get. Thus, there's a clear incentive to be opaque and show the insurers only what you need to. Sometimes for good reason (insurers denying coverage solely for cost reasons), sometimes not (billing fraud). Great idea. If it's possible, support for a responsive data table would be helpful for invoices/receipts/etc. Taxation of utilities is very fragmented. Each state does what it wants to do, then local municipalities add on top of that. There are states that specifically prohibit counties and cities from taxing residential use of gas and electricity. So, in this case, the Feds got ahead of the states and enforced some uniformity. I find it sexy. Edit: Note that this law has been in place since October of 1998. The "news" is that it no longer has an expiration date. It did previously, and as such, had to be periodically renewed. The default setup for LXD is to create a NAT bridge which is what you seem to be asking for. Maybe something went wrong with your install? > I don't think the telephone has ever been as important as access to the internet Maybe you're thinking from some perspective I'm not seeing, but this sounds odd to me. Prior to the telephone, geographically separated people were days, weeks, or months apart when communicating with letters. The change from that to being to call people on a whim must have been life changing. Forgetting the politics of the site itself, this is a nice list of references to init systems, from simple to complex: http://without-systemd.org/wiki/index.php/Init I don't think the telegraph was ever really accessible to most people. Businesses, wealthy people, perhaps for rare or remarkable news for regular people. Aside from the malware, SourceForge was also pretty heavily overrun by spammers. Might want to have a look at that. For example: https://www.google.com/search?&q=site%3Asourceforge.net%20pa... I've seen a couple of comments where expensive office space or other somewhat optional expenses are cited as reasons for going bust. I'm curious, as I have no experience in this area, if that's really likely. As an outsider, it feels like salaries would be the overwhelmingly largest monthly expenditure for most tech startups. Such that things like office space, even a lavish choice, wouldn't really be relevant. If you were to break it down by "cost per employee" is there really a case where office space, perks, etc, really becomes the driver for failure? Where it is statistically meaningful versus the base salary cost? Do you make any attempt to interview for things are inherently subjective? At least for some positions, personality and culture fit might be important. It's difficult to find any research in this area. What I could find generally says that the advances made in earlier years are more significant than anything recent. http://www.cepr.org/sites/default/files/policy_insights/Poli... Edit...this is wrong-> It's specific to Cisco ASA firewalls with a version level Edit: Gelob, below, is right. There's a really unfortunate "read more" link that hides the important bits on Cisco's documentation and caused my confusion. It's a culture thing. One of the primary motivators for the revolutionary war was sales taxes on sugar, molasses, tea, etc, from the British Empire. In the early days of the US, there were no sales taxes...for 140+ consecutive years. The first sales taxes were put in place by US states as a way to deal with shrinking revenues during the Great Depression in the 1920's. They started with only taxing goods, not services. In general, services are still taxed much less often than physical goods. For example, most states do not tax the services of doctors, dentists, or attorneys. Then, there are US states that have no state sales tax of any kind at all. This, of course, makes sales tax appear arbitrary to people in states that do have them. Edit: On this: "Why not electricity or water instead and why should these exemptions apply to everyone?" ... my best guess is that the cat was already out of the bag there. It's difficult to roll back something that's already happening in a widespread way. This law regarding taxing internet access has been in place since 1998, before many were using the internet...ahead of any broad taxation on it. It feels like it might work better used as a test/verify step, but doesn't have the mechanics to be toggled on and off easily. I can see the value in quickly knowing if new code is mucking with private/protected properties. That would miss some things, like iteration of all properties without a direct reference, subclasses accessing _Parent__private stuff, etc. I'm not actively looking for a solution, just noting this might be more well received if you could easily turn it off and on. Edit: Again, not looking for solutions. I thought the feedback of being able to turn it on/off might be useful for the OP. Very, very, cool. This got me searching for other implementations of a digital display sundial. This one is interesting...uses a mask of slits http://www.fransmaes.nl/genk/welcome-e.htm (iframes, ugh...click #8 in the left sidebar) Edit: Another cool implementation http://www.voshart.com/SUN-CUBE-prototype The model appeared to be a very niche specific eBay/craigslist of sorts. Enabling women to buy (used) clothes from other people...not a retail sales model. That would explain the need for doing it in the US...larger market. Of course, that also meant she would enter into a market where she had no practical experience. She also mentions that she had no tech experience, and so had to hire on the tech talent. I admire the ambition, but I don't see how she was able to get investors at all. Sounds high risk with a pretty hard ceiling on potential. This sort of "deconstructed" approach was helpful for me. I also found it easier to start learning first with a decent foundation of just "what is a virtual dom?" This was useful: https://github.com/Matt-Esch/virtual-dom >>Reminds me of working on an old Windows UI Me too, in a different way. It provides a very clear view of how MVC moves from the back end to the front end. Coupled with other things that have moved more of the meat of the work to the browser, you end up in a funny circular place. At a high level, it starts to look much more like the pre-web client/server model of "fat clients" written in MS/MFC, or C/X11/Motif/Qt/etc, and the backend relegated to mostly serving centralized data or events. What's old is new again I suppose. The browser, in general, feels like a giant step forward. I wish, though, that some ecosystem had evolved where Javascript wasn't the sole supported client side language. >>It does count as credible, but neither that WaPo article nor the link in your 2nd edit even mention the word 'subsidy'. I don't see a remarkable difference between charging someone "less than actual cost" and the word "subsidy". But, it sounds like you're looking for a credible source specifically on Chinese government subsidies made to Chinese exporters. That would be difficult to find, as it would likely violate treaties...the Chinese government wouldn't talk openly about it. Not specifically about postal subsidies, but indicative of the controversy "proof" would stir up: https://ustr.gov/about-us/policy-offices/press-office/press-... That's somewhat encouraging, but if I understand it correctly, it would only be practical for static typed languages. Something like Lua, Python, etc, would be more desirable to me. Some embedded software gets pretty close to that. Not anytime soon, as far as I can tell: Brendan Eich: "wasm is really starting out as a target for static languages like C++, it’s gonna be a while before we get other future extensions to wasm like garbage collection and just-in-time compile to wasm, features we need for dynamic languages to perform well, that’s gonna take a while to do, too" Lost me at "Old-Timer Developer: I will use Go." The old-timers in your vicinity must be different than the ones in mine. "What's this Go? C for people that are afraid of malloc() ?" This makes sense, but isn't really about PHP at all. You're comparing node.js, with it's built-in event driven web server to ANY language running in a fastcgi or mod_xxx fashion. Python, perl, etc, running under fastcgi would all have the same downsides you are citing. You can, for example, use Facebook's HHVM+Proxygen to serve up event driven PHP. That would be a more direct comparison to node. Just making sure this isn't misinterpreted as saying that people run PHP (or really anything) on the old, traditional CGI model that forks a new process for each invocation of a script. Most php installations are either mod_php, running within the Apache process itself, or via fastcgi. In either case, the processes are pre-started and pooled. The Alan in question: https://twitter.com/alantarica I would call it "annotation" maybe. He didn't write anything. https://sites.google.com/site/eternitypromised/ He publicly exposes himself, via email and comments, all over the place. He wants people to read his stuff. This isn't outing someone that's trying to be discreet. He's pushing his agenda, with his full name, and is proud of it. The additional context that this isn't a single incident is important. He spends a great deal of time emailing anyone that has anything to do with writing and goading them into reading his theory. He spends a lot of time, emailing a lot of people to push his agenda, including stuff like this (from the referenced article) "Feel free to continue to ignore my work, just be prepared to pay a price for it that you might never have imagined.” And, he pushes his agenda in newsletters, his website, the twitter feed I referenced, etc. The context, to me, is meaningful. This isn't a case of outing someone. He outed himself from the start, on purpose. Reading the article by itself, you might draw conclusions that you wouldn't if you had the full story. I see what you mean, but there's more to it. The same issues exist for every other script language that's been around a while. They all targeted CGI, because it was what was available to the masses. The opcode cache, for example, isn't much different than python's pyc files, just shared memory based. And, yes, some code gets re-interpreted that wouldn't have to. But, there are optimizations, like database connections that persist across requests. There's also a popular pattern of saving costly work that can be cached in shared memory (apcu, for example). So "the app has to boot itself up" isn't as terrible as it seems. I don't see any of it as an issue. String representations of IPV4's aren't all of equal string length either. IPV6 can't be shortened into, for example, dead.beef.de, because it's ambiguous as to whether that would be a domain name, or an IPV6 address. Likewise, other suggestions make it ambiguous with an IPV4, or even if not technically ambiguous, likely to break some existing code. Raw IP's aren't exposed to the masses often anyway, so the bulk of the downsides of the current compromise should be constrained to just technical people. They will just have to figure it out. "For over a year, we asked people in prison to paint or draw people we felt should be in prison–the CEOs of companies destroying our environment, economy, and society." Just to point out it's NOT the prisoners choosing what to draw. This helped a little: "The Library of Congress is the largest library in the world, with more than 162 million items on approximately 838 miles of bookshelves. The collections include more than 38 million books and other print materials, 3.6 million recordings, 14 million photographs, 5.5 million maps, 7.1 million pieces of sheet music and 70 million manuscripts." [1] [1] https://www.loc.gov/about/fascinating-facts/ I'm getting the same ad blocker screen, but the thing is, I'm not running an ad blocker. Not sure how Wired's ad-blocker-detector works. I am on the campus of a large company that uses a shared proxy for outbound internet. If that's triggering the screen, that seems bad for Wired. Google is basically saying that it didn't make enough money. This seems dubious, as the effort should have been pretty low...this isn't rocket science, and the conversion/sales as compared to straight ads would have been higher. The screen real estate these widgets occupy will be replaced with lower performing ads. There has to be some other motivation. Edit: See http://imgur.com/a/8c9Xi These have to have a higher CTR and revenue stream than an ad. (edit 2: removed note about other ads being suppressed...happened for a while, then stopped) This was a service that was up and running. They are also shutting down the entire tool, which was more than just insurance comparison. They have credit cards, mortgages, and maybe other products as well. And, you don't have be a licensed insurer to display a comparison widget and get paid for conversions...you can drive your margins higher if you have the license, but it's not needed. A semi-educated guess: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BeatThatQuote.com And a funny footnote there: "BeatThatQuote.com was penalised by Google for search engine spamming the day after it acquired it." Also hard to "open source" free top/center ad placement of the widget :) Perhaps the most relevant feature vs other existing financial services comparison websites. I have a suspicion that this is more about avoiding a big anti-trust quagmire. When they starting dabbling around in the Travel sector, they did get push back...but that's an area where the power is spread across a large number of players, none of which is a powerhouse litigator or lobbyist. For insurance, credit cards, mortgages, etc, they would be at odds with a relatively small number of deep pocketed, litigious players with experience in political lobbying. It could just be me...I tried a few more, and it seems to change quite a bit, sometimes I'm seeing other ads, sometimes not. Er, ok. It's up and working, right now. Since Google is able to ensure it's the only ad in the SERPS with pictures, and it sits in the top spot, well... I suspect the hard part is something other than making money on it. Maybe legal, anti-trust or other concerns? It has the nice side effect of pushing down the organic results. On a 1440x900 screen, I see only 1 organic result above the fold for most "purchase intent" queries now. It feels like there must be insane internal pressure to continue the double-digit percentage YoY gains in ad clicks. It is funny though, that for non-google properties, the advice is: "This algorithmic change...affects sites that go much further to load the top of the page with ads to an excessive degree or that make it hard to find the actual original content on the page." If you equate "the organic results" with "original content", the irony is thick. Here's one that's pretty sad. Even the "knowledge graph" entry points to something that's bad for consumers. No honest informational results until WAY after the fold. http://i.imgur.com/LsWwvZy.jpg Google's "page layout algorithm" is described by Google as penalizing content that has too many ads above the actual content. They don't give any credit for ad relevance. So, they seem to understand the concept that excessive above the fold ads isn't a good idea for customers. Chasidic isn't commonly used, but it's not incorrect. >> I don't believe the rumored sales price of $4B. It's just too cheap Interesting. I have no expertise in this space, but someone that does says $5B is a generous valuation, and $4B is correct. "“It is a rich valuation, but is not prohibitive, particularly given that Japanese companies tend to overpay in mergers and acquisitions. At $5bn, DHL Global Forwarding, which has paltry margins, would be valued at about 0.33x sales and 15x EBIT, assuming sales and EBIT have not changed much year-on-year...A $4bn price tag would make even more sense, based on fundamentals.” [1] [1] http://theloadstar.co.uk/deutsche-post-ponders-sale-dhl-glob... Of course, there's a level of disclosure for Government run projects that means their blunders get exposed more easily. I'm quite sure there are some spectacular failures in the corporate world that won't make the list. Namesilo supports 2FA with Authy, and seems to have a reasonable security approach. https://www.namesilo.com/Support/2~Factor-Authentication https://www.namesilo.com/Support/Domain-Defender It's also very reasonably priced in general. The 2FA and Domain Defender are free. Edit: No, it's not the same level of protection as what CF is describing. But, it's more than what you'll typically find at a registrar, and cheap. >>Isn't 2FA standard nowadays. Some don't appear to have it at all (1&1), some offer an option to SMS a code (godaddy/namecheap), a few offer integration with something like Authy/Google Auth. >>And it still does not disable social engineering as attack option. It's better than what I see from other registrars. It is not perfect. You, of course, are in control of the answers to the challenge questions, they don't have to be the truth. Better tech detail here: http://achatespower.com/our-formula/opposed-piston/ In the real world, though, opportunities arise that neither "a" nor "b" take advantage of. One of them is noted in the article...grey area product sources. If "b" isn't taking the time to find distressed inventory, there's an opportunity for a middleman to do so, and undercut "b". There's also some value added where the middleman has expertise or something to offer that neither 'a' nor 'b' has. That could be better marketing (product photos, how-to videos), or better support (more lenient return policy, deeper technical support, etc), bundling multiple products together, niche sales, or something else. Generally, successful middlemen find something missing between "a" and "b" and fill the gap. Is it a war of escalation, where either "a" or "b" can react? Sure...but typically middlemen can move faster. Or, in short, they exist for a reason, and I don't see that the internet age changed anything about that other than pace of change. To you, it's odd that our recruiting propaganda had to be outsourced when the message is roughly: Google engineers are very capable. It's the specific irony of the situation. Like outsourcing a "MADE IN THE USA" poster to be made...outside the USA. It's not specified, because of this part: 'The "Valuation Cap" is [Cap]' All of the important info is "fill in the blank" :) >>A SAFE is not debt -- - at least not to an individual There's a dissolution clause that requires payback before any other distribution of company assets. So, not an individual debt, but effectively the same if there are any assets. The prominent placement of the "didn't fund this company" videos seems a bit harsh, there's even a red background striked text label showing you how much they were denied. This particular thumbnail caught my eye...ouch: http://i.imgur.com/03f63JZ.png It gets worse. https://docs.google.com/a/google.com/viewer?url=www.google.c... Talking between two tin cans and a length of string. It's real and granted. They were made to put into breakfast cereal as prizes by a toy company (Rb Toy Development Co) that holds many other patents. I suspect the April 1st date is just a coincidence. What matters is "the claims". That text is not in the claims. The "claims" portion of the patent does not reference any of that. The scope of the grant is wider than you think. You would think so, but in practice, that's not really what happens. NCR, for example, successfully settled with many companies "infringing" on their ancient patents with their ecommerce sites. The patents predated ecommerce, and made reference to things like microfiche. Here's a patent that I feel is somewhat similar in it's obviousness and overly broad claims: http://www.google.com/patents/US6361186 The litigation over this one shut down an entire functioning company and a lot of people lost their jobs. The companies that were sued by the patent holders provided "simulated neon" with products that did not resemble the diagrams in any way, other than the real general theme of "a translucent tube/rod/whatever backlit by LEDS such that it looked like neon". Based on the related paper[1], this appears to be more of a proof of concept than something you might introduce into production. For example: "To evaluate a JavaScript file, the scheduler uses the built-in eval() function that is provided by the JavaScript engine. To evaluate HTML, CSS, and images, Polaris leverages DOM interfaces like document.innerHTML to dynamically update the page’s state" So, it relies on eval(), which will slow down javascript significantly, and document.innerHTML, which will slow down rendering. It's trading asset download improvements for rendering slowdown. The high level advice of streamlining the dependency chain of page assets is laudable, but this doesn't sound like the right approach. [1] http://web.mit.edu/ravinet/www/polaris_nsdi16.pdf It changes the page fairly dramatically. Before rolling out a page, you run it through their parser, which creates skeletal html and a javascript stub which you serve in place of the original html. Then, when this substituted page is loaded, their javascript rebuilds the original web page with calls to eval() and whatever.innerHTML, in a way that the dependencies are supposedly streamlined. The calls to eval() and manipulation of innerHTML are runtime...they describe it as what the "scheduler stub" does, which is the runtime code that parses the "processed page" and recreates it. eval() is a significant concern for performance. The real problem is that Google was losing the link spam war until very, very recently. It was trivial to game them up until 2010, and only really became relatively difficult somewhere around 2012. And, the solution looks roughly like "weigh established authority to the point where it trumps relevance". http://toolbarqueries.google.com/tbr?client=navclient-auto&c... The value of "ch" is a checksum you have to precalculate. Facebook apparently is just getting to this recently: https://code.facebook.com/posts/1471778586452119/openbmc-for... He implies that it's cheaper than, for example, buying HP+EMC+Oracle... And then, not directly, roughly saying that scaling up on cheap commodity type hardware is only possible because of the efforts of Amazon/Google/Facebook. He doesn't directly compare AWS versus, say Rackspace. It's curious to me that of the various container options, only lxc/lxd seems to put in the effort required to get truly non-privileged containers working without issues. Lxc/lxd goes far enough that you can boot a systemd based container, get a sanely partitioned view of /proc, etc. The effort is non-trivial...they had to create cgmanager, lxcfs, etc. Rkt, runc, etc, are all working on it, but don't seem close to a real solution. This seems like it outlines it pretty well: https://www.nginx.com/products/feature-matrix/ The big difference is that LXD can run, in an unprivileged fashion, a systemd based distro without issue, and with a sensible view of /proc. Docker can't currently do that, largely because running a distro in a container isn't an important goal for them. My impression is that someone created a specific dockerfile to get around the issues. I'm noting that LXD can run, for example, stock debian. LXD and any sort of cluster seem incompatible at the moment. LXD, for example, stores all the LXC config info in a local sqlite database. When you launch a container, it turns the sqlite stored info into an LXC config file, and spawns LXC. You can control remote instances of the LXD daemon, but there's no syncing back and forth from Host1-LXD1 to Host1-LXD2...they operate separately. You can migrate a container from one host to the other, but it's pushing everything (config/image/etc) when you ask it to migrate. So, it's not clustered itself, and it keeps the important info somewhere that's hard to cluster. It would be interesting if they would replace the local sqlite store with something similar to etcd. That still leaves the issue of the disk images though. Proxmox does cluster LXC, so there's that option. It draws your attention away from the fact that the gushing testimonial is from Nest, a Google/Alphabet subsidiary. >>Would it eventually permit library sharing between, say, a Python runtime compiled to WebAsembly and JavaScript in the browser? The hard part there is the "eventually". They do state that the missing pieces will come some time after the "Minimum Viable Product", but none of it sounds high priority. - The current course omits features that would be needed for any dynamically typed language (including Python) to work. (garbage collectors, polymorphic inline cache, etc) - The current course also prevents anything running in the WebAssembly space from accessing the DOM. You can call your WebAssembly from javascript, but that's it. I suspect it will be quite a while before there's more available than "call LLVM created libraries from javascript". Technically, you could, I suppose put the entire cpython codebase into webassembly, but that seems like more of parlor trick than something useful. This! ?w=1 has existed for years, with no UI way to access it. Compare two views of the same commit (found this by searching for any commit on github with the word "indent" in it) https://github.com/douglascrockford/JSON-js/commit/1e3869cb3... (133 additions and 127 deletions) https://github.com/douglascrockford/JSON-js/commit/1e3869cb3... (30 additions and 24 deletions) >ad-financed free content is, as the article indicates, a mere .275% of the online economy? That's the percentage of advertising income as a fraction of something like "Internet GDP" which is misleading. For them to be comparable, you would have to pad the advertising figure to account for job creation, etc. It's probably more interesting to compare total internet advertising revenue to total internet ecommerce revenue. For 2014, global internet advertising revenue was around $140 billion USD, where global B2C ecom was around $1400 billion USD. About a 1:10 ratio. There's this: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection... https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection... Not exactly working with your logs, but easy enough to write your own parse/upload data script. BBC's ads appear to come from Google's ad network. I'm curious how much effort Google puts into monitoring/policing the landing urls for this sort of thing. Just for comparison, that would cover PITI for a 15 year mortgage of around $330k. In cheaper parts of the country, like Dallas, that would net you a 4br 2000+ sq foot home on a 1/2 acre in an affluent suburb. My guess is that they are pulling that from Socket.IO's use of the same "real time" term. Which I suppose is to denote that it's not ajax polling (though I understand that Socket.IO does poll in some situations...) Agreed, although property taxes and insurance typically do go up. How much that matters varies greatly by location. The US does have variable rate mortgages, but in the current environment of VERY low interest rates, they are typically only used by investors that plan on selling quickly. Most people would be getting a fixed rate these days. >>These kinds of comparisons need to be prefaced with "If you want a big house or are interested in moving thousands of miles." Couching every comment with leading text to scope who might be interested in it doesn't scale well. I didn't pitch it as desirable for everyone...and I assumed it might be interesting even to those that don't want it. For example, I have no intention of ever working in the Valley. But, I am still curious about how peers of mine that do are compensated, and what the local cost of living is. The magnitude here is pretty impressive. I found this list of sizes for existing commercial fleets. They would be besting UPS for total fleet size if all 100k were on the road at once. http://www.fleet-central.com/content/pdf/AUTOF_top300commerc... There are some reasonable reasons for the javascript, like a/b testing, seeing where in the ad you clicked, how long you waited before clicking, etc. I believe it's also common to just create a safe, but high CTR ad (OMG 60% off) and save the malicious javascript for the landing page. Not enough info here to really render an opinion. Since Amazon won't discuss it, you're hearing only one side of the issue. What if those 37 returns were mostly in a row? Or mixed in with questionable chargebacks? Or ? There is one thing Amazon says that seems like a clue here "In a tiny fraction of cases we are forced to close accounts where we identify extreme account abuse." 40% or so of the items sold on Amazon are 3rd party sales, where the seller could potentially be re-selling returns as new items. At a high level, a plaintiff would claim that advertisers were using javascript to gain "unauthorized access" to "information from any protected computer". It's been tried before. Google "CFAA flash cookies" or "Halperin v Text Enhance". Didn't pan out. The plaintiffs typically fail to meet the $5k damage minimum within CFAA. I assume there are other strategies advertisers could use to defend it, but the $5k minimum is an easy path. The bullet point list misses the culprit that I find most often...just too many page assets. Usually driven by either: - Not combining javascript or css files where it makes sense - Not using lazy loading for pages with lots of images If you expand the replies to most of the unfavorable reviews, it becomes clear that the fakes are from marketplace sellers, and not the main listing. As you say though, Amazon and Oral B should be doing something about it. Does that explain why the SSL cert on https://kindscript.com is for a Libyan domain? ( https://yelm.tdev.ly ) Note: The https url to kindscript.com is listed on the git repo. Also tried and failed. Something legal about failing a test for appropriate aggregation. Edit: A snippet of an article about the Halperin case... 'the court says that it can’t aggregate the harm to other putative class members to satisfy the damage threshold unless the damage arises out of a “single act.” And that poses a problem as the complaint is currently pled. The surreptitious install of the program by thousands of consumers (and putative class members) is not a “single act,” so Halperin can’t rely on this “act” when aggregating. Halperin argued that he shouldn’t be subject to the no-aggregation rule.' That's not the only two groups in question here. There are those that spend off-time programming, just not for their employer's tasks. The quid-pro-quo of employee-employer loyalty is largely gone these days, so it's not unreasonable to only work the hours you're compensated for. I agree with that at a high level, but it's not necessarily practical to do that definitively and cover - all the various browsers - all the various network speeds (3G, 4G, DSL, Fiber, etc) - all the different devices There is value in having some set of high level guidelines or best practices, which of course, can be argued over. Sounds like you're trying to compare a civil class action lawsuit to a criminal case. Additionally, if the botnet does what it typically does..that is, coordinate to attack a specific website, that sounds a lot like a "single act". I'm not trying to argue with you, just noting that others have tried to persue your line of thought and failed. Edit: Regarding "I'm just wondering how ads/trackers get such a pass from CFAA" To date, they get a pass because nobody can show $5k damages for a "single act". Of course, that may not be the only defense strategy they could employ. It's worked well enough thus far that they haven't needed to argue anything else. In the reverse direction, where an end user does something like "add some funny thing to the url" on a popular website, it's easy to show $5k of damages, because the target isn't one person's home PC. I would guess some of it would be the result of either vague, or overly broad requests as well. I found an amusing response to a request like that here: http://www.mackinac.org/media/images/2009/7FOIAb.jpg To me, that's a reasonable response to an overly broad request. I see we disagree, but in this case, the language of the request seems very broad to me. It clearly pulls in related documents that may not even mention a grant directly. That language is quoted in the reply. "You could respond instead of downvoting" I did not downvote. In fact, I don't think you can downvote direct responses to your own comments, can you? Edit: >> I'd be interested in knowing how people believe pertinent documents can be researched if not for a broad net of related documents Well, there's broad (90,000 documents, your example) and really broad (2 million documents, my example). Anyone have a credible resource for when HTTP/2 might be more common? Akamai has it, but it's in "beta". The apache module is marked as "experimental". Cloudflare says about 25% of current browser traffic is from browsers capable of using it. I don't see an easy solution here. Sellers end up raising prices to compensate for these kind of buyers. Then, what happens is that new sellers enter the market and undercut you...until they figure out they are losing money. The trouble is, there's no end to the pipeline of new sellers :) They seem to be saying you should have no online process to deal with lost passwords, forgotten userids, etc. Which is, of course, not practical in most situations. Perhaps we're using the term in two different contexts. I'm using the term loyalty for lack of a better term. There was a time when employees would often go above and beyond for their employers, because the reverse was also often true. Roughly, the shift away from the "lifetime employment" model. Things like: - Somewhere in the 1980's, when layoffs started to happen even in relatively financially healthy companies - The move from pensions to 401k's - The shift of a higher percentage of healthcare costs to the employee's portion - More focus on hiring outsiders into higher level positions, versus training/placing internal candidates Specifically, I might be incented to occasionally "work for free" if I thought the company would, for example, not lay me off during a particularly rough financial period. It's not pretty, but the UI at internet.bs is so much better than others for edge cases...like bulk transfer of domains. Namesilo.com is also reasonable. Both of them avoid the issue that irks me the most...irritating cross-sell and upsell. Looking at you GoDaddy. Sounds like a great idea, but I wouldn't word that as "Do you have an account recovery flow? Delete it immediately." Account recovery is shorthand for forgotton passwords and userids everywhere I look. Works as a sort of proxy as well. If you point it at an html url, downloads it as a file. curl -I 'https://images-blogger-opensocial.googleusercontent.com/gadgets/proxy?url=http%3a%2f%2fnews.ycombinator.com%2f&container=focus' Hmm. You can also arbitrarily set the mime type of the returned content. curl -I 'https://images-blogger-opensocial.googleusercontent.com/gadgets/proxy?url=https%3a%2f%2fnews.ycombinator.com%2f&container=x&rewriteMime=application%2Fx-shockwave-flash' I don't know about google, but you can do it with the wordpress.com site: http://s.wordpress.com/mshots/v1/http%3A%2F%2Fnews.ycombinator.com%2F?w=250 A couple more options not mentioned. I suspect these were left out because they are thought of more as online/web oriented. However, both support using your own domain, SMTP-SSL-TLS/IMAP/ETC. Yandex: https://domain.yandex.com/domains_add/ Zoho Mail: https://www.zoho.com/mail/zohomail-pricing.html Edit: Appears both have limits on outbound emails/day. 500 for Yandex, 200 for the Zoho free plan. I would guess Google Apps might be a good choice for that. It does have limits on the number of SMTP relay calls per day though: https://support.google.com/a/answer/2956491#sendinglimitsfor... (see the limits per customer section first) https://support.google.com/a/answer/2956491?hl=en Scroll down to Step 6, where it shows "Any addresses (not recommended)" Apparently, it works, but with some notable caveats, like: "If the envelope sender is not in one of your domains, the system changes the envelope sender from user@[domain you don't own] to postmaster@[your domain]" I think it's less "the cloud" and more about things like SPF, Domain Keys, spam filtering, etc. It's not trivial any more to spin up your own mail server. >>But do you need to be a paying Apps member to do this? The issue would likely be the limit on messages per day. Google spells this out for paying Apps members ( https://support.google.com/a/answer/2956491#sendinglimitsfor... , see "Limits Per Customer") They don't say what the limit is if you're using SMTP relay as a regular gmail user. I suspect it's much lower. The illustrations are just...magnificent. Whoosh. One thing hosting providers could do better would be to split the risk a little by not handing the same dns server name to every client that chooses to have the hosting provider supply dns services. The reason this might have some upside is that DDOS attacks against a specific DNS server are often intended to target one specific customer of a hosting provider. The attacker doesn't care about the side effects...just the original target. Say, for example "controversialblog.com" is hosted on DO, and uses DO dns servers. The person attacking "controversialblog.com" looks up the NS records for the domain, and attacks that DNS server. The fact that it's one hostname that serves all of DO is of little interest to the attacker. So, if DO would come up with say, 10 separate hostnames they could hand out, then this sort of thing would take down 10% of their customers instead of 100%. It is somewhat helpful, but the examples for shared memory and mmap ignore concurrency issues and refer you to a generic, non-language specific WikiPedia page for guidance. This has always been a good resource to see who the front runners are: http://www.solvedns.com/dns-comparison/ I used this: https://johnlewis.ie/custom-chromebook-firmware/rom-download... To get Linux Mint's Debian Edition running on a chromebox. I went that direction because I'm used to Debian on servers, but Mint does a fair amount of work to get a functional/nice desktop. I did upgrade the Chromebox to 8GB memory and a 128GB SSD. I also had to upgrade the kernel to get a video driver that was stable on the built-in Intel HD graphics. This one isn't doing anything scary at the moment, but shows the potential: https://www.npmjs.com/package/uglifyjs It's getting 30k+ downloads a month. The actual package people are looking for is here: https://www.npmjs.com/package/uglify-js Feels like a red herring. If anything, the immoral/illegal/unsavory approach would be more of an equalizer in terms of joining the 1% club...there's no scarcity or exclusivity there. I doubt anything will come of it. This happened: http://thescoopblog.dallasnews.com/2013/03/inmate-who-gave-b... (tldr, inmate delivers her baby in a cell, with no medical oversight, at all) No criminal charges. They did shut down the jail, but likely for other reasons. A fair amount of the overcrowding is also driven by sentence length. Things like "three strikes" and "enhanced charges" drive sentence lengths in the US that don't match up with any other civilized nation. Google for something like: why do we treat prisoners better than Lots of results, most highly misinformed. People imagine that most/all prisoners get 3 meals a day, television, etc. Not true. You don't think 3 strikes would increase the number of jury trials vs plea deals? http://www.nytimes.com/1995/03/23/us/3-strikes-law-in-califo... True, but not really in context. I mentioned them only because the claim is that three-strikes somehow streamlined the court system. Better headline: Writer Still Doesn't Quite Get What Wozniak Values. Also, some unfair cherry picking here, like: "Woz got his facts slightly wrong--it's not only the watchbands that differ from a less expensive to more expensive Apple Watch, it's also the case itself. In the more expensive editions, it's made of 18-karat gold" Woz's comment was speaking specifically to the products priced from $500 to $1100. The gold case watches are $10k+. Just an odd article for me. It's not news that Woz is technically focused, and not terribly impressed with things like aesthetic design. There's also many other documented reasons he might not think Jobs was a genius. He founded the EFF, and spends a fair amount of time on charitable efforts. He does have a day job ( http://primarydata.com/ ), but it doesn't appear to define him. Basically, he just seems like someone who doesn't define success in the same way that Jobs would. Ugh...the login banner: http://i.imgur.com/CpjNoFC.jpg I'm confused as to how this ends up being useful. Using an example from the paper: Q: who’s an american singer that plays pop music? A: nikki flores So, the generated question and answer match, but the answer isn't exclusively the right answer. There are thousands of "right answers". They do note this: "We have also observed that the questions are often ambiguous: that is, one can easily come up with several possible answers that may fit the specifications of the question." But they don't say anything more about it. I suppose that's just out of scope for them, and something someone else works on? Another alternative, works on both py2/3, assuming you replace bbs='000... with bbs=b'000... import struct result=''.join([chr(int(bits,2)) for bits in struct.unpack('8p'*(int(len(bbs)/8)),bbs)]) print(result.replace(' ','')[::-1]) >>In addition to fraud, credit card companies have to contend with the purchasing power of large companies For online transactions, credit card companies have -0- liability for fraud. 100% of the costs come from the merchant's pockets. It's really a shame, because they are the ones with the broad access to data that would enable tools to reduce it. Of course, since there's no incentive on their end, nothing is provided. >>No, card fraud rates are in the 5-20 basis point range (0.05%-0.2%). Depends on the "total pool" you're drawing from, and whether you're counting money, or transactions. The 5-20 basis points fits if you include, for example, all ATM withdrawals. You get close to the 1% claimed in the parent if you count just "online card transactions", and count revenue instead of number of transactions. >>still have to maintain code that detects fraud early, hire staff to support customers and investigate fraudulent transactions In addition to sticking me with the bag for every online fraudulent transaction, they also levy an additional fee, which I assume offsets some or all of that cost. In fact, if it was a low-end purchase, they may make more on the chargeback fee than the original purchase. I see no evidence of "code that detects fraud early", at least for online transactions. Any merchants ever get a call from a cc company, or issuing bank saying "hey, you know that transaction we approved a few days ago? you might not want to ship that." ? Nope. Not in the US. 100% of the cost of card-not-present fraud is on the merchant. Edit: a) In the US, currently, 3DS would reduce your conversion to the point it would useless if mandatory. If optional, use would be abysmally low. b) "payment facilitator entity handling fraud liability on merchant's behalf" Never heard of this. Certainly, Stripe and their ilk don't do this. >>when they see a likely-fraudulent transaction, they call the cardholder, not the merchant Right. Which means the item gets shipped. Because...yep. Edits: a) In the real world, the bank does not catch these things in between auth/capture. b) 3rd party companies are limited in what they can do. They don't have the full picture. >>Did you ever notice that there is no feedback loop where you can inform the issuer or bank that you have discovered a fraudulent charge? Great point. I end up just refunding the ones I find. In many cases I can tell 100% it's fraud, but there's nobody to tell. >>you have options to utilize the services of managed risk providers Helps a little, but they are, of course, still dealing with a tiny fraction of the available data out there, and the cost is pretty high. For small to medium sized players you're much better off just doing what you can with AVS, CVV2 match codes, known freight-forwarder addresses, ip geolocation, etc. That's all free other than a bit of dev time. It's just a shame that the kind of improvements that could be made with access to data only the CC companies and issuing banks have aren't ever going to happen. >>EDIT: some of these providers are either directly operated by or have very tight relations with cc networks Who is that? There's a couple operated by credit reporting services, which is not the same thing at all. >Has anyone priced out the components? Yes. The BOM is well over $9. You could reasonably debate if it's $12, or $20, or $15. But it's not less than $9. Not even with sweetheart deals all around. Here's the BOM: https://github.com/NextThingCo/CHIP-Hardware/raw/master/CHIP... The R8 CPU + 4GB NAND FLASH + 512M DDR3 alone would be close to $9. The RTL8723 wifi/bt chip is at least a dollar. The rest is cheap individually, but there's a lot of connectors, resistors, caps, etc. It adds up. Also, the BOM doesn't include any of the costs for the PCB itself,assembly, the employees, engineering time, etc. >How is $9 possible? Loss leader. Make it up in shipping and accessories. Edit: Don't believe it? Enter your own prices here. I put in "sweetheart deal" prices for the 4 items mentioned above, and assumed $0.01 unit cost for everything else (which is not realistic). That unrealistic approach totals $12.19. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HPjX9_H2NIkR4l1l34JT... So, if you're going to claim it's somehow less than $9, clone the spreadsheet, update the prices, and show us how :) Oh, and throw in what you think the bare PCB + assembly costs. That's a very different situation. The no-name tablets were sold all over the world in HUGE volumes, and weren't $50 at the beginning. The initial higher prices covered the sunk costs. The volume for CHIP isn't even in the same universe. Likely, the tablet used the A33 Allwinner chip. Because of the volume, that would have been a cheaper option than the brand-new R8, but not by much. Maybe $1 less. That still doesn't get you to a >how can a Kickstarted project be a loss leader Looks like some combination of padded shipping prices, plus sales of accessories that appear to actually be priced above cost. (PocketChip, VGA, HDMI, etc). So, you can pledge for just a $9 CHIP, but they are subsidizing the losses there with the other pledges + shipping margin. These $9/shipped generic USB modems worked on Linux for me: http://www.aliexpress.com/item/Adroit-New-USB-56K-V-90-V-92-... Not great quality, but it sounds like you just want to go off hook and send a single DTMF tone. (ATH1, then ATD6). It should work fine. Sorry, yes. The R8M was CHIP's original plan, and that is new. The R8, though, is more costly than the A33, when you ask Allwinner directly. Olimex asked Allwinner directly why, and this was the answer: "R8 is new IC just published especially on IoT, it is not like A33 this one had used on a large scale forTablet PC. So R8 is more expensive as produced in lower quantities than A33 which is selling for tablets in big volumes." [1] [1] https://olimex.wordpress.com/2015/06/05/how-to-get-in-the-ne... (bottom of page) Sure. Looking at mgetty's man page, it looks like you would want to a) Disable Auto Answer on the modem, manually: ATS0=0 b) Set the "answer-chat" setting in mgetty to send the ATH1 then ATDT6 I imagine you'll also have tons of errors, since no actual modem-to-modem data connection will ever get established in this scenario. So maybe some options to suppress all that. FYI, Oracle is pushing this agenda to squeeze Java shops in other places as well. The tack they are taking is to define any computer that does "one specific thing" as an embedded device and ask you for $300+ per "device", plus some other lofty fees. ( http://www.oracle.com/us/corporate/pricing/price-lists/java-... ) So, if you're using Java in a kiosk, ATM, media player, etc, they may be coming for you. My guess is that this just spawns a mass migration to OpenJDK, but perhaps they trap enough Java shops that it's worth the effort? Maybe Google is doing things that the "Classpath Exception" doesn't cover, which would expose them to parts of of the GPL that don't work for them? It would be similar if Windows originally released with a license that let you use it without charge, and then later changed the terms of the license in an obscure way that classified a full sized PC as an embedded device. Since Windows has been clear from the start that any commercial use requires a paid license, it's not similar in any way at all. OJDK is GPL, but with the "Classpath Exception", which makes a big difference. http://openjdk.java.net/legal/gplv2+ce.html I'm curious why they didn't use something like mmap. That would have skipped the off heap approach, and also allowed for management, statistics, etc, to run as a separate process. Edit: Apparently the offheap package does use mmap if you pass a path to their Malloc. The replies seem to hint at the real problem. Fragmented efforts to settle on a desktop. The desktop could make the "Scheduled Tasks" -> "Cron" association more transparent. But not when there are a dozen variants for each of the 3/4/5 different base desktop stacks floating around. Ok. So there's something that compels them all to call it "Scheduled Tasks" and some unified way to find/navigate to it, shared language/terminology? Seems doubtful. Compare the typical results for a Google search on how to add a scheduled task in windows to the same for linux. For the UI oriented answers on Linux, guess the chances it works on your desktop. Great soundbite, but in the real world, things aren't always that easy. Like when you plug in a USB to Serial connector, and the driver doesn't attach. For windows, a little google-fu reveals that you want the device manager. For linux, command line solutions are easy to find. Gui ones exist, but they vary, and aren't easy to find. It's more like a label for code to run at start. Also shows the Perl 6 way to interpolate code within a string literal. Compare to the rough Perl 5 equiv, for versions of Perl 5 before say existed: sleep 2; print "Code took @{[time() - $then]} seconds to run\n"; INIT{$then=time();} It's impressive, but they do mention that the examples on the front page are where it did well. You can see some of the other results, including many there didn't work well at all, here: http://richzhang.github.io/colorization/resources/imagenet_c... >>Perl gets proper OOP Curious what about Perl 5 OOP makes it not proper. Is is just the required constructor boilerplate, like bless()? Or is it the lack of enforced private methods? Neither seems like a showstopper to me...honestly curious. Personally, I think it's more about responsible policy when your email client has a roughly 16% market share. They have to know that people occasionally use gmail for things that matter. Given the size of the user base, any kind of easter egg/joke/prank is going to create issues. http://i.imgur.com/5gBZVOh.png Seems obvious this was a bad idea. Edit: Google's animated gif showing the whole UI: https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-GYnAKaZY9v4/Vv2RkU5hIcI/AAAAAAAAB... I would guess they missed the idea that people use muscle memory to close irritating pop-ups without trying to figure out why it's there, or what it relates to. They are then left with 2 send buttons, one with a now ambiguous microphone icon. I'm just happy that your rating scale has 11 increments. https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/06/Spinal_Tap_-_... (or is 0-10 base 2?) It seems to guess red at odd times, like http://richzhang.github.io/colorization/resources/images/ima... Is that white balance related? Assuming you want both a web ui, as well as the option to run your own client, SMTP relay, etc: Yandex Email for Domains (free): https://domain.yandex.com/domains_add/ Zoho Mail (free and paid plans) https://www.zoho.com/mail/zohomail-pricing.html Exchange Online ($4/user/month) https://products.office.com/en-us/exchange/exchange-online As for "valuing user privacy/security", that's pretty hard to gauge. Depends on the context I suppose. Yandex seems unlikely to care about an FBI warrant :) html2text and a bash function seem to do okay. $ sudo apt-get install html2text $ function lookup() {curl -sL http://wikipedia.com/wiki/$1|html2text -ascii|less;} $ lookup node.js Edit: Replace spaces with underscores for multi word lookups, like George_Washington. Or fix the function. Personally, I think a lot of the bad Perl code people have had to deal with relate back to three things. a) Many of people writing the code were sysadmins that just needed to get a job done, and didn't have much real development experience. b) Perl was also easy to get access to in cheap shared hosting environments, so it attracted other people without some development discipline. c) Perl4 did not have objects, and scoping was limited to local(). Thus, lots of spaghetti code and global vars. However, none of that would have gotten exposed to developers if their teams had decent interviewing techniques, or code review, etc. All that to say that Perl 6 shouldn't have the same propensity for bad code to end up in a real project. Any more than any other language that is. I can certainly misuse regexps, lambas and other features and write some hard to maintain Python. Unfortunately, the popup Google chose to use looks like an advertisement. The red "new" banner and animated gif. They might have reacted differently to an actual dialog at first click that says "This will inject an image into your outbound email, and mute the conversation. Continue?" (with the default choice set to "NO". >> is this comparable with Zepto? Jquery functions Zepto has that Cash does not: ajax, contents, hide/show, map, offset, offsetParent, replaceWith, scrollLeft, scrollTop, size, slice, submit, toggle, unwrap, wrap, wrapAll, wrapInner Zepto also has some optional plugins that aren't in the default build. A couple of potential fixes: # Force tmux to assume the terminal supports 256 colors tmux -2 # if /usr/share/terminfo/x/xterm-256color exists export TERM='xterm-256color' # otherwise export TERM='xterm-color' Session sharing is also handy in specific cases. It supports both read only, and read/write shared sessions. The other feature that's used often is the general scriptability that the command line options make possible. "send-keys" for example can be useful...it sends keystrokes to specific named sessions. When tmux might be handy: If you find yourself doing repetitive things in those 6 windows. Say they are production machines that are basically clones of one another. It's simple to make a key binding that will force all 6 windows to, for example, "tail -f /var/log/messages". Or start "top" on all of them. If you kick off a long running task (say a big build) in one of those six windows, and you leave it running, but go home and watch it finish. (detach/reattach). It's easier than stdout/stderr redirection, nohup, etc. It also preserves things you did manually (setting environment variables before the build) such that restarting a build might be less complex. You have a peer, not close by, that you want to show how to do something. It has both read only and read/write session sharing. Your peer can watch what you're doing, or you can watch them, and take over when needed. Running your own mail server certainly has advantages. But, it is typically more than just Exim. You'll need to install something for IMAP access. Or, if you want web mail, something for that. And, even if not right away, eventually, something to deal with spam...it will come soon enough. Also, those pieces tend to require other pieces (backing database engines, etc). Similarly, you have to read up on things like domainkeys, spf, IPV6, MX records, PTR records, firewalls, etc...then implement them. If this looks useful to you, you might also want to see Anveo and their visual call flow editor. The UI isn't quite as polished, but it's been around quite a while and has a lot of features and integration points. It's not open source...runs on Anveo's servers. Couple of screenshots: http://www.anveo.com/features/images/variable_sample1.png http://www.anveo.com/features/images/callflowsample.png Edit: No association with Anveo other than being a customer. There are very few services that provide a drag/drop IVR or call flow builder with very low end pricing, so I thought it worth mentioning. I was part of a fairly large cult following of Wordstar that continued to use it after supposedly better GUI based word processors came along. The key bindings and traversal were very well thought out, and once you got into the groove, it was more efficient than anything I've used before or since. A write up on the subject that says it better than I can: http://sfwriter.com/wordstar.htm And, yes...I can't see why an Amiga would be a plus in a pure editing scenario. Sharp monochrome would have been the right environment for word processing at the time, which was not the Amiga's forte. If you happen to control the web page where the user is entering the email, this little piece of code has been a godsend for us: https://github.com/mailcheck/mailcheck I agree with the idea that it's impossible to validate. But, mailcheck takes the approach of seeing if the email is potentially wrong, then prompting the user with what it thinks they meant. It's usually right, but if not, it allows whatever the user wants. For example, if your user types in "user@gmil.con", it will suggest "user@gmail.com". >>Presumably there is deep reliance on Twilio's API There is, but the api itself uses fairly generically named, and well documented methods and arguments. Being that there's not really a industry standard, I don't see that they are deliberately trying for some kind of lock in. The path to create an adapter for say, Plivo, seems clear enough. >>domain must have MX records Technically, the RFC(5321) says MX records aren't required. You may be throwing out some small number of valid emails. "If an empty list of MXs is returned, the address is treated as if it was associated with an implicit MX RR with a preference of 0" One github repo mentioned in the article is the exploit, and a basic functional webpage to "do stuff" with it. See, https://github.com/kR105/PS4-playground/blob/gh-pages/js/exp... for example. Interesting. This chart is a pretty good reference to see what types of existing spending might overlap with that (Social Security?) and what wouldn't. https://media.nationalpriorities.org/uploads/total_spending_... Mentioned in the presentation, but there are also much lower practical limitations with readdir(), stat(), etc, when you have lots of files in a single directory. If you want to be able to use ls, find, tar, etc without waiting eons: A typical workaround is to to take a hash (md5 or similar) of the filename and then pick some number of nested directories to store it in. Like: md5("data-file-one") == "0278c2451c1cd1dd98815260159c44e0" Assuming you go with 4 levels, then: mkdir -p "0/2/7/8/c" && mv data-file-one 0/2/7/8/c/data-file-one I believe apache's mod_cache takes this approach. Assuming a simplistic $132k to save $132k annually , a 2 year net ROI of....$132k isn't so shabby :) Tested a few things. "ls -U" seems to be the fastest approach I could find. -U disables sorting. $ mkdir testdir && cd testdir # make 200k files $ perl -e 'for (1..200000) {open(FOO,">$_");close(FOO)}' $ time echo * >>/dev/null real 0m1.607s user 0m1.480s sys 0m0.128s $ time ls >> /dev/null real 0m1.458s user 0m1.324s sys 0m0.132s $ # globs $ time perl -e 'for (glob("*")) {print "$_\n"}' >>/dev/null real 0m0.679s user 0m0.404s sys 0m0.272s $ time find . -maxdepth 1 -print >> /dev/null real 0m0.239s user 0m0.128s sys 0m0.108s $ time ls -U >> /dev/null real 0m0.195s user 0m0.064s sys 0m0.132s That's a reasonable optimization, but wouldn't help much with runtime, since you aren't traversing any of it, but rather opening with full paths. I suppose it might make backups, or some sort of monitoring more efficient. Right, but open("a/b/c/d/e/f/0/1/2/3") isn't slower than open("ab/cd/ef/01/23"). Flatter only matters if you are traversing the hierarchy, which wouldn't be a normal use case for this. The open() system call isn't doing recursive "directory lookups" (like readdir()) per se. It does have to traverse a linked list (dentries) to map the path+filename into an inode. But 6 deep into a linked list vs 3 deep is, I suspect, hardly measurable in terms of elapsed time. It's all hashed, and cached. Worth mentioning that's "directory entries per directory". The "data files per directory" isn't driven by the intermediate path...just the total number of "full paths". I've heard, secondhand, from disabled people that tooltips are particularly troublesome for screen readers, keyboard traversal, etc. Might be worth looking into things that would reduce the pain, like associating the tooltips with their "parent" element via or aria tags, etc. Well, given that the api does this: var popper = new Popper(referenceElement, onBottomPopper, { placement: 'bottom' }); Popper.js already knows that referenceElement is the association, so it seems reasonable to consider if it should (maybe optionally) create the or aria association between the two. Similar for default keybindings that make sense. I assume the reference is to the 1998 release of the iMac G3...the first popular mainstream PC without a floppy drive. >>who uses a laptop that way? Steve Jobs. http://i.imgur.com/cMjKysz.jpg https://i.ytimg.com/vi/zxPkD9y7_uo/hqdefault.jpg PHP does have a config setting that will spread them across subdirectories. See: http://php.net/manual/en/session.configuration.php#ini.sessi... There's an api, and the pricing isn't cheap, but I feel like this is going to bring a whole new wave of spam after the initially scraped list gets resold over and over. You might have an additional revenue stream selling an "opt my email out of this thing" plan. Guessing this won't be a popular response, but all the hand-wringing about how management is unreasonable to ask for estimates (cost or time) just isn't helpful. Anything a business is going to invest in needs some kind of justification, and a metric to prioritize against other things the funds could be spent on. I think it's fair to push back with suggestions that might make a realistic estimate possible (reduce scope, proof of concept, etc). However, just suggesting you can't provide any kind of reasonable time and cost estimate doesn't help anyone. They do provide a very natural way to do it for paid gmail accounts: https://developers.google.com/gmail/contextual_gadgets Not sure why there's no model to do this for standard gmail accounts. I'm not suggesting scope reduction or prototyping are magic solutions. I offered them as 2 examples of constructive pushback. The essence of my point was that flat out not estimating isn't an option. "We ran our captcha-breaking system against 2,235 captchas, and obtained a 70.78% accuracy" That's more impressive than it sounds. I'm pretty sure 70.78% is more accurate than I am with reCAPTCHA manually. A lot of the captcha's presented are very fuzzy, or have ambiguous questions, etc. >>DevOps isn't dead it's just becoming centralized. Should be fun for the Fortune 500's. Part of the justification of moving to the cloud was laying off the sysadmins and other people that did "DevOps" before it was called that. Once it's centralized, the human instinct to "ensure survival of the group" means the DevOps team will get bloated in headcount, budget, tools, etc. I assume that will be followed by some new wave of features called the "AI Cloud" or something that manages itself, allowing you to now lay off the new centralized DevOps team :) You can commit to an investment with no idea, at all, whether it will cost more than the benefit it delivers. I suppose "not an option" isn't quite the right wording. It's an option. I still think you need some kind of estimate. At the very least, you should have a high level of confidence that "what I'm spending to get this" is less than "what value it will deliver". Of course, if you can't be more precise than that, chances are that there's some other piece of work that's more easily estimated, and has a more concrete ROI. That work would logically come first. That seems completely reasonable, and provides what a business would want...metrics to make decisions on where to spend money. The tack of the article was "Estimates can't be done". Which is silly. It presents this analogy: "would it really have made sense to ask Einstein how long he would take to find a unified theory of physics?" I'm sure there's some small amount of software work that might fit in that space. I would also guess that the vast majority of it doesn't. That's fairly personal, down to the "you" level. What I'm saying is that it doesn't matter if it's a software project, construction project, etc. If the potential amount is non-trivial, it's bad business to commit to a completely unknown amount of spend. If you can't say that the spend That may be something you personally aren't on the hook for. But, in most cases, there's some option to get an idea. Bids from outside software development shops, calls to companies you partner with, small scale prototype, agreement to spend a fixed amount and re-evaluate, etc. some software is speculative investment. edit: fwiw, construction projects often touch on "exploration into the unknown". Also, you are arguing against "accurate estimation". I'm arguing against the premise of the article. "No kind of estimation is possible" Edit. Nobody is asking for made up numbers. They are typically asking that engineers participate in a reasonable discussion to try and get some criteria to make a decision. "I couldn't even say 1 week vs 10 years" is just as silly as "I want an exact number". "This work was supported by the NSF under grant CNS-13-18415" I think that means you might be able to get source code via FOIA or similar :) The popular equivalent on Linux is seccomp, and the most straightforward way to use it is libseccomp.[1] A gist someone posted that's fairly easy to follow: https://gist.github.com/ya790206/9579145 Theo de Raadt doesn't like it ( http://www.openbsd.org/papers/hackfest2015-pledge/mgp00011.h... ), but I don't see a huge difference between it and pledge. [1] https://github.com/seccomp/libseccomp I suspect part of the rub is that with react being only the 'V' in MVC, stand-alone tutorials leave you with only part of the picture. And, of course, people are choosing different paths to fill in the rest of the stack. All of which pull your specific 'style' of using react in slightly different directions. >> I cant help but think, shouldn't search engines have to worry about this I don't think anyone disagrees with this, but production sites would then have an incentive to wait until search engines have figured it out. Or otherwise suffer the traffic loss. Google's 2014 summary of how well they do with javascript reads like "we just got this working, but there's lots left to do": https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2014/05/understanding-web-... . The fact that they went as late as 2014 before even trying doesn't inspire confidence. Sure. But libseccomp does use the same "only explicitly allowed" path that pledge() does. It also uses "pseudo" names for the syscalls, so there's one place to look up the list: https://github.com/seccomp/libseccomp/blob/master/include/se... The aliases that pledge offers (like stdio) that sum up logical groups would be nice, but that's a minor difference to me. >>why not use the RFC terms? Because it's specifically different, on purpose. The RFC doesn't cover the "bang" part....the "!". >>the server will never even see it on the request Explained on the (now deprecated) page from Google on this "hashbang" approach: *"The answer is the URL that is requested by the crawler: the crawler will modify each AJAX URL such as www.example.com/ajax.html#!key=value to temporarily become www.example.com/ajax.html?_escaped_fragment_=key=value" Here's #!/usr/local/bin/perl #borrowed from Nick Holloway , 27th May 1993. my $size=8;my @cols=(0..$size-1); sub nextq { (print( "@_\n" ),return) if @_ == $size; foreach my $col(@cols) { next if grep($_ == $col, @_); my $row=@_;next if grep ($_ == $col-$row--, @_); my $row=@_;next if grep ($_ == $col+$row--, @_); nextq(@_,$col); } } nextq(); Not sure if it's slower or more resource intensive than the Scala solution. I'm sure it could be golfed down to be smaller than the Scala counterpart. It has fewer characters already, even with the comments intact.