For example: flash your own image (without root, you can only flash image signed by T-Mobile/Google/HTC; how good is to have access to source code, if you can't build it and run it on real device?), create VPN connections, write useful bluetooth profiles like DUN (tethering done correctly) or A2DP. What you can do with root access is much longer list than what you can do the Google blessed way. RIL, audio, wifi and accelerometer, to name a few. Additionaly, the entire radio stack is also closed source (it is outside the OS - it runs on separate CPU, is stored separately in ROM and RIL communicates with it using shared memory). Well, welcome to 2002. Symbian/Series60 phones were doing this since then, without any dongle, using application called Psiloc Total irRemote. Do you think that people browsing Dell site are going to type in the ubuntu url? They may never heard of it. On the other hand, Dell is capable to upsell vista with xp. Why are they not capable to offer ubuntu using the same mechanism? People new to computers have no existing assumptions, how the computer should work and in fact have easier time to use Ubuntu than those exposed to XP/Vista previously. Try observing reality around you next time. (Yes, flame, he asked for that. It is amazing what some people are able to rationalize and be rude in the process). Great app, I installed it few weeks ago. But I have a question - do you have some bug tracker, where your users can put bugs and suggestions? I would like to suggest to split the minutes in usage summary by the direction, incoming and outcoming calls separately (in addition to weekdays/weekends as it is now). Well, it is also €15.95. This guy should really investigate others banks, right now he is asking Europeans for $20.70. They left it out for a very good reason. Basically, you have only two ways to notify device on the cellular network about some event: OTA-Push and SMS. OTA-Push is quite nice in it's capabilities, except that you need gateway with your cellular provider (for a fee, of course). The thing with OTA-Push is, that most cell providers didn't implement it since its specification in 2001. The another way to notify the device is sending SMS. They are not exactly cheap either and this may be well the reason, why OTA-Push is not implemented - why to kill the golden goose? There are hacks, that avoid OTA-Push and SMS. You can go ActiveSync route and keep long lived TCP connection open, but look what it will do to your battery. You cannot connect from server to the device. You know only IMSI, but not IP address (that's what OTA-Push is doing: translating IMSI to IP), or the device may even not have IP address or if it has one, it will be behind NAT. So today, you have two choices: killing your battery fast or do with SMS. That is not acceptable to Apple and the networks are not going to change. You better get to live with this situation. Illegal? Yes. Wrong? Not so sure. You should be able to download Queen songs or Steamboat Willie cartoon from the Internet. I see it as a form of civil disobedience against bought law. No matter how many trials the industry goes through, it will be not respected, because it is not balanced. Only if you live in US, or are willing to mess with US proxy. Sadly, most of the world does not live in US and therefore, hulu.com is not an option for them. Torrent is. Turn off location services, that added about one day to my battery. Also, if you have rooted phone, you can try scp (or samba) over wifi. I know, it is not obex over bluetooth, but should be faster. Crap article, intended to put down Russia. It plays on stereotypes and parrots "popular opinion" of Russia. It is opinion article. It does not cite any sources for its data, for example birthrate grows since 2005 (according to CIA factbook). And please stop the vodka/drunken nation thing, the rest of the world does not write articles that British have problem with gin anymore. Actually, the amount of (badly written) PHP code works against PHP in this case. Not due to esthetic or subjective opinions about PHP, but for very pragmatic reason - SQL. AppEngine does not support SQL as we know it, but uses the google database and GQL. Changing that huge amount of PHP with interspersed SQL statements is not worth it. As for now, it supports Python and JVM languages (that includes JRuby). But even for these languages, third party libraries can be a problem. Edit: typo Win32 is full of such inconsistencies, for example: BOOL GetMessage(LPMSG lpMsg, HWND hWnd, UINT wMsgFilterMin, UINT wMsgFilterMax); returns: > If the function retrieves a message other than WM_QUIT, the return value is nonzero. > If the function retrieves the WM_QUIT message, the return value is zero. > If there is an error, the return value is -1. For example, the function fails if hWnd is an invalid window handle or lpMsg is an invalid pointer. To get extended error information, call GetLastError. You don't, unless it really bothers you for some reason. Consider it 'real option' that is available with Linux but not with Windows or OSX. Flash uses Sorenson Video 3, which is derivative of h263. The irony is, that Apple used to exclusively license the SV3 codec for Quicktime (they used to deliver trailers in mov + sv3 + qdm2) and Adobe later licensed the same codec for Flash (later also On2 VP6 and H.264). The point is, that Quicktime has supported the video (except VP6) and audio codecs used by Flash for ages, it just does not support the flv container. If you remultiplex any youtube video into mov container, any stock Quicktime installation will be able to play it. It is not clear at all: submarine patents popping up apply to H.264 too. Both codecs are on equal standing on this issue. However, remember that Apple is a MPEG LA member, so every time someone pays for H.264 license, a cut from the money goes to Apple. Are you programmer/IT guy? If yes, please be aware that the law does not work the way you think it works. For recent example why your theory of parity of exposure is not valid, see Microsoft vs. Alcatel-Lucent. Well, HTML5 is not going to be adopted by tomorrow. The adoption will take longer than the mobile devices lifespan. It means, that if TI/Qualcomm/etc start developing Theora DSPs this year, they will be on the market and in the devices before HTML5 goes mainstream. Standardizing on Theora is pretty good incentive to have it hardware accelerated. The point of the lawsuit I referenced is to clearly demonstrate, that: "Similarly, right now if somebody starts suing over submarine claims on H.264, Apple's not really any worse off than some of the other players." is simply not true. Microsoft properly licensed MP3 format. So did other companies. Lucent sued only Microsoft and not other companies. Patent holders can pick and choose who, when and where they will be suing for infringement. There is no duty to sue all known infringements. Safari supports HTML5 video element, but not HTML5 per se. It is not finished yet. Interestingly, when YouTube supported only Sorenson, Apple didn't care for that and went on ignoring YouTube. Why it is suddenly a problem? You didn't miss anything, it is average Apple-can't-do-wrong fanboi article. To provide counterpoint to your "Once you go Mac you never go...", I did exactly that last month. My previous computer was PB12. Yes, it is dated, but until unibody MBP13 introduction Apple didn't have any other model to replace it. Well, they still don't have anything able to replace it. MBP13 has shiny display, non-replaceable battery etc. Combined with unavailability of next OSX release for PPC, I had to choose what's next. So I got an Thinkpad, that has proper display instead of mirror, easily replaceable batteries and few other perks (you can put a second battery into DVD-RW bay, and it has built-in WWAN card with great antena, oh and the keyboard rules, yay!). Regarding Unix-yness, you can run Linux of your choice either natively or in vmware (I run mine in vmware), and I'm satisfied. I don't care for iLife (I used just iTunes anyway; winamp is OK replacement) or iWork. Things that I do care for are equally well done on Windows and OSX. Writing multi-threaded software in any language, that uses shared state and locking primitives is debugging nightmare. The list of those languages includes not only Python, but Java and C# too. If the GPL version is enough, then yes, it is free. But the free as a beer binary is not free for his purposes. Sadly no, MBP15 has also 6-bit TN display. Well, there are very few notebooks with other than TN displays. Thinkpads used to have IPS, but since the introduction of latest generation (T400, T500), they have TN too. For a very short list, see a poster above ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=706579 ), he mentions one HP, one Lenovo model with optional IPS (W in series designation means workstation) and one Sony model. The iPhone is not cheap in US. Yes, you don't pay $700/€500 upfront, but you will pay the amount through duration of the contract and by losing the option to switch carriers during the next year or two. The cost is the same, just hidden. Not really true, in my corner of woods (EU), top of line T400 (LED display, P9500, hybrid graphics, 3G/HSPA modem etc) is cheaper than cheapest unibody Macbook (13). Wondered about that too. Windows shops are vary of writing functionality, that might one day compete with Microsoft. Writing net Tomcat/JBoss could clash with IIS and future frameworks. Something like this happened with nant/msbuild and nunit/mstest. Commercial companies find it difficult to justify development of tools with high risk of being obsolete soon (something competing with MS product does not stand a chance in most Windows shops). Apache projects do not care about this risk. It is. or go to about:config and set browser.urlbar.richResults to false. No, maxRichResults and richResults are separate preferences. See also: http://kb.mozillazine.org/Browser.urlbar.richResults and http://kb.mozillazine.org/Browser.urlbar.maxRichResults > Servers: ~$2000 per production box. That's Small Business Server, which comes with production licenses for SQL Server, Exchange Server, and pretty much all the backend stuff you could want. Only if you don't plan to grow beyond 50 CALs. Then it skyrockets. Yes, in the options field. Debug symbols do not impact speed in any way. They just take up disk space (and are used when needed, i.e. not during normal operation). There may be other settings that do impact the performance, but they are not debug symbols. Someone has to handle DOM part too. If you are writing your own widget wrapper (if you are subclassing UIObject or Widget, and I imagine that the Wave team is doing this), you will also have to handle cross-browser compatibility. If you don't nullify every reference, then the instance really should not be garbage collected, as it is not garbage yet. You should rather consider your application, where you are storing references and whether it is really needed (often better strategy is to make clone of the instance and treat it as disposable). Modern garbage collectors traverse the object graph and dispose everything, that is not in the graph - meaning, that closed chain of object with circular references is not a problem - they will get gc'ed. Accessing null reference does not give NullPointerException, ever. Dereferencing it does. Time. The govt gives out X/year, not the final amount X. When they want it back, it comes from different 'tranches'. This ensures, that there is always debt. Money has value only if there is debt and you must use some to get out of it. Why would you need it otherwise? Well, support for unix-style line ends would not hurt... My memories of Aquamacs are full of fighting with the thing to do what I wanted. It was overriding everything I customized in my .emacs. About the only positive thing I found about it was the ability to run in full-screen mode (something that ntemacs is still unable to do). I would like to ask you: How? Microsoft managed to support Unicode in Notepad, starting in Windows 2000; the heuristic used when detecting character sets is fragile and has potential to break what used to work (mostly opening readmes anyway). How would support for Unix style line ending break legacy software? Monoculture, Apple branding and Apple control. I'm not that these things missing on Android are bad thing, though. Your argument would be more valid when comparing for example the PPC32 to PPC64, but for IA32 vs AMD64 you are missing: - IA32 is register starved ISA, AMD64 is not. It has doubled the amount of general registers. - AMD64 doesn't have to support the x87 FPU baggage. As a result, it is simpler to deal with fp math. Not only that, Android applications respond to event like "you are about to be killed, please serialize your state" or "please restore your state", something that "classic" linux applications do not support. Android is not typical linux - it is not supposed to run on devices with gigabytes of fast memory running off AC outlet. When your memory bandwith is two orders of magnite lower, you have 128MB of it (on G1, 64MB of memory is used by the radio) and you are on battery, putting GNU system there would be not very smart - if you want something usable and with battery life longer than few hours, that is. You are now in the excitement phase about your new toy. Check back in few months, after you know that there are other things, that are broken in OSX. The keyboard problem on Thinkpads T400/T500 was solved in october 2008 - three months after introducing them and more than year ago. I've used OSX since 10.0 up to 10.5 and classic MacOS before that. I've never upgraded to 10.6 and do not plan to do so (I got Thinkpad and Windows last summer). I remember times when dlopen/dlsym didn't work (later it did); never managed to build some command line utilities and other required porting effort; macports was never functioning properly; Aquamacs ignored my customizations; was there X11.app release that did work at all?; no jdk6 for ppc; etc. From proprietary side: you could have either Office 2004 for PPC running in emulation and working macros and custom language dictionaries; or intel Office 2008 without these two things. Since switching to OSX, the Adobe suite got worse and has distinct second-class feel compared to windows version. I had some favourite software, that was originaly developed for classic MacOS (both m68k and ppc) and it does not work on modern Macs. Even software that was updated for OSX does not work, because the installer is for classic and then the updater updates the program to carbon (or whatever) version. With every switch in OSX focus there is software that is getting lost (with switch to intel, we lost some. With switch to 64b, we will lose more due to no Carbon). In short, in all those years I was using OSX I got fed up and made a full circle (dos/windows -> linux -> mac -> windows). Codename for specific version. Android 1.5 = Cupcake Android 1.6 = Donut Android 2.0 = Eclair I had hangup-on-resume experience on powerbook too. Not very often, about once a month. It was quite annoying. Indexing and returning results to search queries is not the same as publishing. The cache feature is publishing, but it is easy to remove it without impacting Google in significant way. The problem with Android is, that the time between when it gets released and when it gets onto the handset of your choice is one week (Motorola Droid and Eclair). And that is the improvement, in past it used to get onto handsets and into the wild first, then released to developers (G1 and 1.1, I'm looking at you). Basically the development process of Android is closed, Google does not comment on ongoing developments, the sources (or information) are occasionally dumped on developers. The 2.0 is still not fully open. The older releases still do not build for G1/G2 - you cannot checkout the source, configure for particular device and at the end of the process have an image that you can flash. Or the situation with ADP1 - it is supposed to be development phone, but there was still no communication, whether 2.0 will be able to run at all at the device. Developers outside Google/HTC cannot work on the tree, because it does not build... Well, I'm starting to lose respect for The Economist. There were few articles from area that I'm involved in and the articles were just one sides' arguments, without contacting the other side. The article author just met with someone in nice restaurant, listened to them and then run with the info. There was no effort for digging deeper, it is cheaper after all and fills pages too. > They deserve deference because somebody has got to secure our borders in this day and age, and like it or not, this is probably the best way to go about doing it. I'm willing to live with my feelings getting hurt if it means people aren't able to drive bombs over the border. Have you ever been to EU? Or somewhere else? How it is, that these guys are able to act professionally, non-emotionally and secure the borders without acting like assholes? This is not either-or situation, border guards can do their job without intimidation and beating people. (The US border is in fact the worst one I ever went through. Makes you think.) > Debian does, Ubuntu does, Fedora does, They do not. For Debian and Ubuntu, it is in Multiverse (non-free) repositories. For Fedora, it in RPM Fusion repository. In other words, there is no distribution that distributes H.264 or AAC, so system decoders would not help at all. Depends on USB or BT profiles supported by the phone. If it supports only USB CDC ACM or BT DUN, you are stuck with dialing. If it supports USB CDC ECM, USB RNDIS (Windows has to be special...) or BT PAN, things are much better and the phone is just another ethernet interface in your computer. Yes and no. The "No" part: Android system has (at least) three partitions - system, cache and data. Data is where applications get installed. Cache is used, well, for caching data and it must be at least the same size as system (because it holds system image when updating over the air). I don't know for sure how it is partitioned in N1, just guessing: the data partition is 192M, leaving 160M for system and 160M for cache. The "Yes" part: android partitions on proprietary hardware (and N1 is proprietary hardware, just as G1/ADP1 is) are defined in proprietary boot loader. There is currently no way to change them without going through the risk of having $500 brick on your table. It supports some non-standard too, e.g. ActiveSync. UK is not a part of Schengen area, so it is not just being island and all. Good luck with redistributing that ffmmpeg-linked build of Chromium. Or do you think that end-users are going to compile their browser? Sorry, but OpenCL is not API for hardware H.264 decoding as we know it on other platforms. Yes, OpenCL allows you to run code on GPU, but that's where it ends. It is no match to DXVA in Windows or VA-API/VDPAU in Linux, which allows you using the silicon dedicated to decoding MPEG-2/4 ASP/4 AVC/VC-1. There is no equivalent to these APIs in OSX. Apple has patents on truetype hinting, not subpixel anti-aliasing. Ironically, when working around this patent, it is easier to get results similar the OSX, rather than similar to Windows. That's difficult to say without benchmarking. Yes, you can offload some computations to GPU (you certainly are not going to parse the bitstream or VLD decode using shader programs), but do you get net gain, when you are shuffling buffers over PCI-E? You also limit your target audience to NVidia 9400 and up when talking about OSX, basically telling the Macbook users with Intel graphic cards, that they do not need to apply (Intel 3100 and 4500 are perfectly capable of decoding H.264 and VC-1, just not through shaders). Because they are based in France and EU does not recognize software patents. If you are using VLC in US/Japan, it is your responsibility to pay the fee. It is does not solve Mozilla's problem with fees paid by authors and publishers. Do you want to pay license fees for videos you will put on your webpage? Thought so... There is another advantage VLC has: it is academic project, sponsored by University. Even in US, you can use patented technologies for research without license. Actually, it is new thing in Windows 7, so Vista also does not have H.264 decoder. What about turning it around? 100% has access to open decoder, and if 2% wants to use licensed codec, they can. Remember, Theora was suggested as baseline codec, not as only codec. Given that Ericsson F3507g mini-pcie card is $80 give or take, I doubt that the $130 3G upgrade is at cost. The 256 MB (or whatever) is not Android limitation, it is limitation of specific device. Large applications can put data on SD card, where they are limited by the card size. I have the ADP1, which has around 70 MB partition for applications, yet I use navigation app, which has 2.8 GB worth of data (entire EU + few surrounding countries). Well, because R&D and marketing costs are fixed costs and go to SG&A (Sales, general and administration). What the article talks about is variable cost and it goes into COGS (Cost of goods sold). Yes, it is, but it is currently not used for production. Dalvik does not care about language, it converts java class files to dex file. However, Scala/Clojure/etc have runtimes with quite significant initialization time, that gets lost on desktop, but not on mobile devices. Scala is getting there with minimal runtime, but Clojure still initializes too much and the startup time of Clojure application on Android is atrocious. When building the binary, set target/use SDK for Android 1.5 (or even 1.1, if you can). The older handsets will be able to run it too. Android 2.1 is currently running only on Nexus One, 2.0 is Motorola Milestone/Droid, HTC G1 and HTC Magic are 1.6, HTC Hero and Samsung Galaxy are 1.5. There is integer-only decoder for Vorbis, called Tremor. What is missing is decoding by DSPs built in mobile devices. You need to bug TI, Broadcom and other DSP makers for that. Well, given that Nokia S60v3 browser _is_ webkit, I don't think that the results with your suggested stylesheet would be satisfactory. Would you accept it on your iphone? Gettting used to using the OS provided codecs can be a problem, because it forces you into specific codec, that you may want to avoid and disallows to use codec you want to use. For example, I can't imagine Bink being hardware accelerated anytime soon. It is Ubisoft. See this http://www.shacknews.com/onearticle.x/62098 (random article from google) for example. The best bargain got the lXnXvX buyers, who bought vista machines eligible for win7 upgrade - they received pristine win7 oem discs, without any enhanced experience or other garbage. 56kbps was download only, upload was 33.6kbps. There are some more copies, for example: format 35: mp4/h264/aac, 480p@main format 34: flv/h264/aac, 360p@main format 5: flv/svq3/mp3, 400x226 format 36: 3gp/mpeg-4 asp/aac, 320x240 format 17: 3gp/mpeg-4 asp/aac, 176x144 format 13: 3gp/mpeg-4 asp/amr, 176x144 Three letters - LQA. You find another translator to a given language and let him/her proofread the translation. You do QA in another fields, why the translation should be different? Well, starting with the famous UI lawsuit... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Computer,_Inc._v._Microso... What you can do with Ogg (and MPEG-1&2 PS) is to jump into middle of stream and play it from there (think broadcast radio or TV). You can't do that with Matroska (or MPEG-4 system for that matter), becuase you always need header at the beginning of file. > MPEG patents, which (I believe) also offers submarine patent protection in that the MPEG-LA would be solely liable for not finding them earlier should trouble arise. Why so many people believe this and where it comes from? I see it repeated so many times, always without reference. FYI, from AVC licensing FAQ: Q: Are all AVC essential patents included? A: No assurance is or can be made that the License includes every essential patent. The purpose of the License is to offer a convenient licensing alternative to everyone on the same terms and to include as much essential intellectual property as possible for their convenience. Participation in the License is voluntary on the part of essential patent holders, however. It is pretty unusual in mobile. Since the dawn of smartphones (or J2ME feature phones before that), the Symbian and Windows Mobile development was free for all game. No NDAs, no contract, just download the SDK, develop and distribute whatever you want. That changed with RIM and Apple. After these, Symbian also began to act stupidly with their Symbian Signed initiative. Multiple resolutions is not a problem, it is just pathetic excuse of Apple fanbois. Just wait, until Apple comes with iPhone using higher res, then of course it will be best thing since sliced bread and Apple will be first with such a novel concept. You are right, Symbian Signed was launched in 2005, it was new feature in Symbian 9/Series60 v3. The difference was, that Symbian Signed aimed for accountability - they wanted to trace back, who made which binary. They didn't really cared what the binary did, just in case of malware, there was accountability. You got your certificate upfront and in 99% cases, they didn't care what you are going to write and how you intend to distribute it. The rest 1% (still hugely inflated number) was, when you requested root-like capabilities (i.e. you would have a way to mess with hardware or DRM directly), then they wanted to hear your business case. BREW platform was, to put it bluntly, non-player on non-market (US was at the time considered backward contry mobile-wise and the rest of the world ignored BREW). RIM was never popular among third-party developers, and among users everyone was buying BB for the messaging, nobody cared for third-party apps. I do have problem with Apple's approach with the App Store. I think it is unreasonable to be bridge-watching troll between me and my device. IF there was a way to sideload unsigned or self-signed binaries, that would be not a problem, but App Store is the only way to put app on the device, and this way is gated. If the App Store was optional (althrough still preferred or popular) way, I would not have problem with paying for hosting and cataloging apps. Returning "not implemented" is compliant with POSIX specification, but does not make the implementation useful. Which is exactly the case of NT POSIX subsystem. Actually, HTC G1 runs Android 2.1 just fine. A little bit on the sluggish side, but fine. Somewhat. I know, it is not useful answer. Some things are faster (the browser, for example), but some are way slower (when launching apps, there is an uncomfortable delay, the phone app is also very slow, it can take up to one second to change state on the screen to correspond to the call state). I blame two things: a) "Sorry, the Nexus One phone is not available in your contry or region" message at google.com/phone, and b) when it is available, it is €599 or (€199 + €45/mo for two years). When I saw the ad, my first thought was "great, you get to keep it for yourself". Outside of enthusiasts, no one is going to get phone for 600 euros. > And the Droid doesn't have this problem? Yes, it does. But it is still more available than N1. > Except all the people that do? The original iPhone was this expensive and didn't even have 3G. And yet people bought them in droves. Original iPhone was $399 and $499. €599 is north of $800, thats more than 1/3 more expensive. And I also remember that the original iPhone was met with collective yawn on this side of pond and almost nobody bought unsubsidized. Chrome is also intel-only, so even if you were running 10.5 on your iBook, still tough luck with ppc. Desktop distributions do have single video codec API (gstreamer). But browsers are unlikely to use OS-provided libraries for anything downloaded over net, if they can avoid it. If there is a exploit found in third-party code, the browsers cannot work around it and they get the blame (remember the Firefox-on-Windows shell exploit?). Exactly, as a sysadmin, he should appreciate, that he is not solving buffer overflows all the time. Regarding the more work, as a sysadmin, it is his job to make the machines run the application. His salary and benefits are part of the cost using the higher level languages/additional computers. His rant could be taken as "lazy sysadmin" problem, while what he is ranting against was just costs/benefits decision. Sorry, I was inprecise. Of course sysadmins do not solve buffer overflows, they solve what happens when someone exploits one. I understand what you are saying, you see that the flight to the moon was done by something equivalent to C64 and today we are allow wasting orders of magnitude more computing power. What I'm trying to tell you, look at the whole picture. There is a cost associated with writing and maintaing software. That hand optimized assembly application is going to be more expensive (and take longer to deliver) than the Java/c#/whatever equivalent. There is another cost associated with purchasing and operating hardware (that includes paying sysadmins, for example). The business has to consider what is more effective, and usually HL language/more HW is the more efficient solution. What, more efficient, you say? We were talking about wasting the computer power. Yes, more efficient overall. We have a method for measuring wasting resources - money. You are going either waste some money on hardware/electricity/floor space/sysadmins, or programmers/time to deliver/managing larger team/managing recruiting and retaining competent programmers. Not only is the former cheaper, it is also easier to quantify and manage. It is no wonder, that you do not see companies taking the later approach. At the end, what most people do not understand (not only technical people, but most people) is that successful enterprise is not a 100% efficient one. There is going to be waste, but it must be in the right spot. Actually, conceptually it is similar to profiling, you don't optimize spots that do not matter in the big picture. And computing power does not matter for most business, it is a cheap resource. People, on the other hand, is not. It is not 9, but 7,5. And it is not in the bank, it is cash & equivalent (if they have it in the bank, the shareholders should be unhappy - the company does not know what to do with the money). They have also 26b in retained earnings. Do their shareholders get enough return on capital gain? (to answer myself: if you bought it 1 year ago, then yes; 2 years ago - no). Given that Webwise replaces original ads with ISP's ads, and the website gets exactly nada from any clicks, I'd say that it is pretty much website's business. He wanted to work for Microsoft, but they didn't employ him (to be fair, he was not US citizen and he didn't fulfil the H1-B requirements). After that, he started Gnome (complete with the CORBA-fiasco) and later Mono. Source available does not mean open source. The term "open-source" has a very specific definition. Singularity is not open-source, though its source is available. So was the Rotor, for example. what % of those industries have used Macs in the past? There's a reason for that. The Android tablets have advantages, that are only indirectly caused by open source. Having a lot more control over the software, hardware and not to be beholden to a single supplier is invaluable in industrial use. This is something I also don't understand. Many people were opposed to introducing DRM, TC etc into Windows and PCs by Microsoft, Intel & co. But when Apple comes and takes the trusted computing much further than the original TC alliance dared to go (they didn't even think about not allowing running unsigned executables or being the only entity with root certificate), it makes eveything allright? Makes me wonder what happened to thought process of techies during last years. How many another companies' browsers are there for iPhone/iPad? Exactly. And this is exactly how Android does it - you can spawn thread that will run in background, but it will be a "service" - UI-less part of your application. In addition, there are events notifying application that it is going to be "hybernated"; basically it tells it to save whatever information it needs to restore into current state. Actually, there is only one way the application can run in background: the "service". The "background slots" are implementation details. Applications do not receive the event "you are going to be killed, please serialize" the same moment they lose focus; they receive it at the system's discretion. The system decides based on memory available (mostly), whether it will leave some processes running or whether they will be "backgrounded" (basically, what is more economical - backgrounding processes all the time, when the user is switching between two apps, or just keep them both in memory?). To some extent, this is tunable by the power users - if they download "Dev Tools", they can set the limit to 1 - 4 processes (or unlimited). It is basically trade off between memory consumption and responsiveness. I repeat - this is not supposed to be setting for common users; it is just exposed for developers to experiment, what happens when they push the decision threshold in one direction or another. The system is supposed to have good default out of the box and manage the processes automatically (which is also reason, why there is no task manager). http://my.opera.com/community/countup/ In other words: no, you can not use it. It is verboten. Imagine what would happen, if Microsoft had veto over Lotus 123, Ami Pro, Netscape, Apache, Mozilla, etc. Really? Try HP Deskjet 6500 series with duplex module installed, connected to non-HP jetdirect. The only way to make it work on OSX is to install ghostscript and hpijs and then dive into cups internals. On Ubuntu, it works out of the box. How is that? In 2001/2002, the way to move your code base from Classic to OSX was Carbon, not Cocoa. The switch to Intel was another big porting project. Now, if they want to switch to x64, they will be also forced to switch from Carbon to Cocoa. So in few years, Adobe had to port their codebase several times to meet the OSX moving target. Actually, I'm suriprised they did it at all, considering the lack of transparency on Apple side. If you are asking Adobe to throw away any frameworks used, that were later duplicated by Apple in OSX, and port to Apple provided frameworks, you have no idea how the project of the Creative Suite size is managed and developed. You may port your little OSX-only utility fast, but not CS. Other big projects had similar problems - Microsoft Office? Alias|Wavefront (today Autodesk) Maya? They have similar pain points for the exactly same reason. The merger was finished this February, so they weren't in position to do this 7 months ago. Adobe is already shipping VP6 as a part of Flash Player, so VP8 should not be a problem. Maybe that is what Google will get for integrating Flash into Chrome, that made news few weeks ago. MS, Apple and Nokia will be harder nut to crack, because all three of them are patent owners in H.264 portfolio. Nokia may cave when Youtube switches, maybe even MS, but Apple users will have life slightly more difficult for a while. Apple and Nokia refused to support Theora, because they have vested interest in H.264 - they both are on the licensors side. Why would they support free codec, when they get cut from every license fee paid for the encumbered one? The argument used by both of them is just convenient excuse. What do you expect of them? To tell you what is in the above paragraph? Moblin _is_ Meego. Android is supported due to popular demand. Novel concept, right? Loading US firmware has issues - you are going to lose channels 12 and 13 (I found out the hard way - I bought an Airport card for Powerbook in US and had missing channels ever since). Au contraire, Ankh-Morpork is a very liberal city. Anyone can do whatever they like, provided they don't step on toes of someone organized - then it is up to them (the organized group) to clean up the competition using market forces. The are no bullshit rules and laws, just thought out recommendations to make the city run as well-oiled machine. Oh yes, the mimes. I guess the exception confirms the rule ;). To the Jobs list, add non-ObjC languages, VMs and everything that allows the proles to tarnish the things of beauty his company produces. Exactly. And when they are nicely concentrated under the .xxx TLD, they will be easier to filter, no pesky URL lists that are difficult (=expensive) to maintain. I have one more step: 1) Do not buy their products, 2) Do not develop on their platform, 3) Voice your opinion about products/platforms loudly (Apple should be actually happy about this, it allows them to know where they can improve). No, the problem is that nobody except Apple has private key, that can sign applications, so the iPhone will install them. Unless someone factors it (or find it in some way), it is going to stay this way. Have a look few threads above - Apple is the only party that can put appications on iPhone OS devices - it is not that others are unwilling to do so, but Apple locked them out and unless there is a breakthrough in asymetric cryptography, it is not going to change. The irony is that people from authoritarian countries are much more sensitive to censorship, propaganda and other totalitarian bullshit than average American. I noticed this as someone who was born and grew up behind iron curtain. Mea culpa, you are right. There is something like this: http://www.google.com/enterprise/marketplace/ They haven't bought them, because your numbers are wrong. Apple's entire current assets are 33 bilion; their cash & equivalent is 7,5 bilion. In other words, you are almost order of magnitude off. They still make market work the right way. Limited supply & higher demand -> price increase. They do not up market value (they up price). It is a side effect of artificial supply limit by the original vendor. If there is no artificial limit (tickets for example), it means that the price was too low in the first place and buyers are willing to pay more. Scalpers are market-based correction tool. Apple's Balance sheet: http://finapps.forbes.com/finapps/jsp/finance/compinfo/Finan... or http://www.google.com/finance?fstype=ii&q=nasdaq:aapl (click on Balance Sheet tab, cannot link directly). The figures I quoted were for 2009/12. There are now for 2010/03, with cash & equivalent 10 bil and current assets 32 bil. Total assets are 57 bil, current liabilities 12, total liabilities 17. Equity is 39.3 bil, but equity is not the same as "cash in the bank". Apple is well-managed company on the financial side, but let's not get ahead of ourselves and apply reality distortion field to business side too. They would not be able to do that, if there was no audience willing to buy it at 3x price. Just think about it: scalper buys all the tickets and tries to sell it for triple price. Nobody buys it. Concert starts, it is empty and the scalper end up with expired tickets in his hands. Does that happen? No, because people are willing to pay triple price. With HSDPA/HSUPA you can get 14.4 Mbps down and 5.76 Mbps up (under best conditions, of course). Yes, it is slower than state of art wired connection, but is the state of art wired connection available? Do you have 1.25 Gbps FTTH or 300 Mbps DSL available? Wired providers became complacent, but wireless didn't. They caught up with wired and offer extra convenience, usable everywhere, not just at home. Wired providers should be afraid, very afraid and do something to change the situation, fast. > In 2009, McAfee spent $839mn on SG&A and $325mn on R&D. Sure, the R&D number is less than SG&A, however: - SG&A number includes administrative expenses, paying rent for buildings, providing customer support etc. Building rentals, fixed assets depreciation, services and energies used can go to COGS (R&D) if it is possible to allocate them to specific cost center. If you have building (or part of it) dedicated to developers, it will go to their cost center & COGS. Similarly their equipment and other items. The SG&A part will have depreciations, rentals etc. only for sales & communication, IT, finance, HR, management and other support functions. Well, my point is, that R&D in their PL is not only cash out wages. It includes all other costs incurred by R&D. There is Flash content, that uses onmouseover. There is also HTML+JS content, that uses onmouseover. So what was the argument again? In both, Flash and HTML+JS, you can use onmouseover. You don't have to, it is option. So what makes the difference? Reminds me, how long it took Apple to move Finder and iTunes to Cocoa? (Answers for those that don't keep score: 10.6 and not yet). You have to remember, that Apple tried multiple rewrites of MacOS in 90' and OSX was yet another 'this time it will work out, I promise' project. If you were Adobe, would you bank your company on yet another promise? I know I wouldn't. You know, what draws most of the juice from the battery? 1) Radio, 2) Display. These two facts made VAST majority of non-technical users aware, that the more they use their gadget, the shorter the battery life is. Fortunately for them, Flash is pretty much interactive, it does not run in background and does not draw energy when the users thinks it is off. It is pretty easy for the users to comprehend that they were using flash and that's why the battery is empty. I would be surprised, if Adobe would be not on board during Google I/O announcement. It was announced that Google is going to tightly integrate Flash with Chrome, support Flash in Android and ChromeOS... so what they would get in exchange for that? VP8 support in Flash would be one thing. Apple had several failed attempts to establish new APIs/OSes in 90's (OpenDoc, Taligent). Why would anyone rational believe, that another project (OSX) is going to be success? So during introduction of OSX, Apple had to include Carbon there, if they wanted to have ISV support for their new OS. Nobody was going to put significant effort to port entire codebase for new, unproved OS+frameworks+language put out by someone who has history of failures. And do not forget, that Adobe CS is much larger project than Finder, iTunes and Quicktime together. Apple is not only licensee, but also licensor. Every time you license H.264 (or something other from MPEG-4 pool), a cut goes to Apple (also to Microsoft and Nokia). Yes, there is ( http://www.adobe.com/devnet/swf/ ). It is even available gratis (H.264 specification is not). "Systems" is mp4 container. Did you mean MPEG-4 Part 2 (Advanced Simple Profile)? I stand corrected, thanks. He probably means H.264 profiles. iPhone (and Android phones) can decode only certain profiles (Baseline), and up to certain levels (depending on resolution). Even hardware assisted decoding with PC graphics cards can accelerate only up to certain level (usually high@4.1, but some nvidias can decode high@5). The rest is more complex than hardware assisted decoders are able to decode and pure software codec has to be used. IPhone does not support high profile by any stretch of imagination. Why don't you go and check Apple documentation? There's a technote for that. Or just try playing high@ video on iphone. Actually, it is based on a draft h.263, not the final h.263. One of the older flash specification did document it. The svq3 specification was removed from swf specs around time it was made available under more liberal license (Sorenson probably didn't agree with wider specs availability). Apple won't support open formats, even if they are technically superior to encumbered ones. For example, see Vorbis and FLAC support in Quicktime. Sigh, once again: http://www.mpegla.com/main/programs/AVC/Pages/FAQ.aspx Q: Are all AVC essential patents included? A: No assurance is or can be made that the License includes every essential patent. The purpose of the License is to offer a convenient licensing alternative to everyone on the same terms and to include as much essential intellectual property as possible for their convenience. Participation in the License is voluntary on the part of essential patent holders, however. Short version: There is no guarantee there will be no troll. No, they won't fight for you, it is your problem. I got ADP1 shipped to Austria and it was €390 at the time (phone + s&h + duties + vat). From what I remember, the most expensive shipment at that time was to... Canada. Why the downvotes? Rmc is right. Go to Apple store, take a look at any Apple product and see for yourself. For example, the 13" 2.4 GHz MBP is 1200 USD in US. In Europe, it is cca 1050 EUR _without_ VAT (cca 1250 EUR with VAT), which makes it around 1350 USD (and 1600 USD with VAT!). Nice 10% pre-tax price increase. You are overestimating how mainstream cares for new models. iPhone is (or at least was) status symbol and personal toy, people don't care much for technical specification or hardware generations. For example, see how well 3G was selling after 3GS was introduced. It continued to sell well outside US too. I still don't understand, what is the problem with tethering. Where I live, the operators don't care about it. Even the lowest-end phones support it. As far as I remember, I never owned a phone that didn't support it (the oldest as a modem on serial port and CSD/GPRS speeds). So what is so special on some smartphones, that it causes problems? As far as I remember, 3G phones (both feature and smart) always supported tethering, whether over USB (CDC ACM, CDC ECM, RNDIS) or Bluetooth (DUN or PAN). Currently yes, I pay flat fee per month, however, my plan is speed-limited. For the high-speed plans, there is always stated data limit. If you want to transfer more bits, like movies or sync big folder mentioned above, it is cheaper to use fixed connection (unlimited at commonly achievable 40 Mbps FTTH is about the same price as 20 GB over theoretical 14.4 Mpbs HSDPA; about 24 EUR/mo, both by the same provider [Orange]). But still, if you want just few GBs per month, do not need fixed connection, why would be the provider bothered by tethering? Browsing and mailing is still more comfortable with laptop, than phone. They sell differently priced plans for datacards and phones? That would make sense. Here they sell just data plans. Whether you use dedicated modem or have the plan on your voice SIM, it is your problem. Some operators allow to share the data quota among multiple SIMs, so you can have both. Because the price is same, so there is nothing to cannibalize. Well, she won't have problem finding the printer on the device, that can not print. Nexus One is almost identical to HTC Desire (differs in RAM amount, dual-mic on N1 and different firmware). Both are GSM/UMTS phones. HTC Incredible is CDMA (Verizon) phone. Unsubsidized Nexus One from Google = 600 EUR. Unsubsidized HTC Desire from local brick and mortar store = 400 EUR. So I guess that the opinion 'Google drastically overpriced the phone.' is still valid. Just like Apple can design their product in any way they want, all these hackers and programmers and creative business types can complain all they want. But because they complain, does not mean they want to get into hardware business. So just like the advice "if you do not like the devices, buy something else" is valid, so is "if you do not like hearing critique, grow a thicker skin". We are (mostly) from free countries, with freedom of expression and all that jazz. This is not a problem on Android. In Android, application is not equal to process. Application may start in one process, the process may get killed when the application is backgrounded, and later the application continues in another process, where it is restored. http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals.html#... On the other hand, Apple had to release WebKit, due to KHTML license (the same for CUPS). Other Apple open source software has exactly zero adoption outside OSX, which is also a reason why they are open source. Apple knew they will be not adopted. It is similar to Android in the sense, that it works using the same principles. It is not similar in the sense, that on iPhone you have some specific usage scenarios you can use with multitasking. On Android, it is open-ended, you can multitask for any reason you come up. Of course they published the specification in 80's, it would be difficult to do anything without it, as PostScript is programming language (for a specific niche, but Turing complete). What they didn't publish at the time was Type1, as they wanted to be the gatekeeper for publishing T1 fonts (see similarity to Apple?). It didn't take long and T1 was reverse engineered, despite the obfuscation. Not a link, just what I remember. You are welcome to Google it ;). At the time, PostScript documents could use Type1 and Type3 fonts. Type3 fonts were basically bitmaps, anyone could create one. Type1 fonts were entirely different matter - they were nice outline fonts and there wasn't anything similar. The problem was, that Adobe didn't publish specification how to create such fonts. They wanted everyone wishing to publish a font to go through them (for a fee, of course; I cannot help myself but it reminds me Apple and their App Store). In the end, it didn't work. Microsoft and Apple joined and created TrueType. The Type1 format was reverse engineered. Later Adobe capitulated and joined MS with Apple to create OpenType, which is open and is superset of both T1 and TT. At the time, Win32s/Win32 was definitely easier to develop for than MacOS classic. While Win16 was definitely very similar to MacOS classic, Win32 brought better multitasking and memory management, so developers could tell good bye to memory handles and locking/unlocking them. The tools for Win32 development were also better. There was a range of compilers and IDEs you could choose from (not only Microsoft, but also Borland or Watcom). For MacOS, you had the terrible Apple tools or Codewarrior kit. Note that the apps that were created on PC, never crossed to Mac (e.g. AutoCAD or 3D Studio). I'm not saying that PC market share was not primary motivator, but at the time, PCs were technically better. That hard to believe, as MP3 was standardized in 1989. Didn't you mean AAC? You don't get that close to baseband. Radio stack runs on separate core (as is the case for every smartphone) and you communicate via shared memory. You get complete control of the applications core, but not close enough to PPL or SPL, so it will be difficult to flash custom radio without having the right keys. Flash is not only video. Canvas+JS is not accelerated on mobile devices. Sadly no, because decoding is offloaded to dedicated hardware. Heck, WD TV (v1) still does not support DTS, although hardware is able to decode it. Read the webm license. If you launch or join attack against VP8, either directly or by proxy, for next 20 years (or however long it takes to VP8 patents to expire) you cannot ship anything that wants to play VP8 video. For most H.264 patent holders (not MPEG-LA, think Hitachi, LG, Panasonic, Samsung, Sony, Toshiba...) that could be a problem, if VP8 is successful. Would you want to be CE producer and unable to play Youtube? Eclair is so good, that I can not switch to iPhone, even if I was paid to do so. Froyo just increases the advantage. It uses SyncML. And you can't simulate it, because hostnames are hardcoded and you'd have a problem getting SSL cert for domain you don't own. It is XMPP client, even if used server-side. You still need XMPP server to talk to (ejabberd for example). Care to elaborate? Even if a vendor uses custom skin, it does not mean that applications are inconsistent. You have to actively work around to look and behave out of place. Because competition is. Being closed source plus the half-hearted job and lip service to support means bad experience for users. And users are not masochists, so they will use whatever works better. In this case, Transmission. > I'm happy to report my iphone is entirely free from carriers control. Then you are mistaken. All settings under "carrier profile" (for example, enable tethering is there) cannot be set by you, the owner. They can be only imported using settings file signed by the carrier. > Erm... yeah? It's a google soft... If you were paying attention, exclusive features for own products is Apple tactics, not Googles. Actually, there were people asking why Google bothers with Maps and Voice for iPhone (i.e. why it is helping iPhone at expense of Android). If you know the answer why, you already know why Google doesn't play platform favorites. > Always been available on the iPhone, you can do whatever you want while taking a call. With iOS 4, users will be able to do even more. "Taking a call" is an example, an placeholder for X. You can say "use free turn-by-turn navigation all while chatting through Talk" or "use free turn-by-turn navigation all while tracking my progress using My Tracks" or "use free turn-by-turn navigation all while staring at Google Sky". The X is anything, not just specific vendor supplied apps (or in OS4, vendor approved activities). Apple's material and build quality are the same, as any other vendor in the same price category. I have yet to own an Apple product, that does not need to be serviced during warranty. This is something I always wondered. How can you add extra s&h and sg&a? This stuff goes from Asia, you ship it either to US or to UK (or whereever). You don't ship it from Asia to US and then to UK. The shipping should be about the same to US and UK. Similarly with sg&a. The US operations does not have it already included in price? Or the UK (EU, whatever) customers pay for that twice? Apple doesn't exactly care where your traffic goes. What do you think happens with your email, instant messaging, SIP/ Skype/Facetime calls? Get Cyanogenmod 5.0.7. It is Eclair for Dream (ADP1 included) and Magic. With all respect, all the guilt for this word belongs to Austrians :). Video calls are available in any UMTS network (read 3G, without any extension) since they were deployed (i.e. early 2000). They do not involve any setup, just selecting "video call" instead of "audio call" when choosing contact and the phone number. To this day, any 3G phone with front-faced camera does support it. Despite this, the adoption is near zero. I remember that I tried it once, just for the novelty and have quickly forgotten about it. Most people didn't even try it, despite the ad campaign by mobile companies. So what makes you think, that when Apple comes with some features decades later, with many more limitations and complications (Am I on the wifi? Does the contact have iPhone? What it was called? Face-what?), that it will be more popular than zero-setup and seamless compatibility in billions of Nokias, Sony-Ericssons, Samsungs and LGs already shipped and used daily? To make your comparison more precise: Apple gives you a fixed set of functions that you can pass to map(). Other OSes give you chance to write your own functions that you will be able to pass to built-in map. Sorry, but your argument just supports mine. It is basically: what do you want? This or that supplied function covers your need, you can pass it. Sorry, you can't make yours, what would you possibly want? Honestly? I don't know right now. Maybe I will have earth-shattering idea next week or month, but I don't know right now. The point is, the original authors of map didn't try to envision what you are going to use map for, and provide enum for choosing an appropriate action. They allowed you to pass any function you want, doing whatever you want. For example, when speaking about Android, the framework contains class that handles things like managing threads for you. You just plug-in the required functionality, just like you pass your function to built-in map. The boilerplate that you are arguing against is simply not there. Just like with map you know, that "this function will be applied for every item in set" or with filter you know "you will get new set containing items from original set for which the supplied predicate is true", you know that "this functionality will run in background". The accidental complexity of managing it is hidden; the functionality allowed is not fixed. That's because in this part of world, the "provincial lords" are the police and local government. Irony is, that it works with competitor's chips (Intel), but not with their own (AMD). No need to patch Android. This is a "feature" of Google Market and it works only with apps installed via Market. If you installed your apk manually, it will not touch it. Are you comparing ubuntu running in vmware to native win7/osx? Then yes, you might come to this conclusion. Try comparing native/native or virtualized/virtualized. The vmware and virtualbox drivers lack many functions that are used in native-running ubuntu or windows, for that matter. Why do people mix SG&A into COGS discussion? We are talking gross margin here, not net profit. Yes, throw away everything you know every now and then, instead of building knowledge on top of knowledge. That will get you far, right? You are overestimating the power of Apple. If Youtube uses native webm, with flash fallback for browsers that do not support webm and native application with low-resolution for iPhone (i.e. status quo on iOS), where do you see the problem? Apple will have to provide a very good reason why they are sole platform vendor refusing to support webm in any way. Nobody said it is unique to flash. The original reasoning was, that without RTMPE they would be unable to provide such content. Well, at least for me, they are still unable provide such content, so from my POV this argument could be removed from debate and nothing would change. You know that you can install apps on E:, right? Then they changed something. I had several Symbian phones (6260, 6120c) and the free space on C: was always somewhat constant. I installed most of the stuff on E:. During my use of the phones, I never had to reset or wipe them. Of course, I switched to Android. I would argue that the major selling point for selling any phone (smart or feature) is to use the "phone" part. Everything else comes second. To assess the value of the business you would have to look into finacial statements. You are incorporated, after all, but I suppose you don't have many assets and liabilities (I might be wrong though). Revenues do not say much, you must subtract costs of running the business. To do that, you must also decide, what is your wage (or what would cost to hire someone to do your job) and what will be left as the profit. To simplify, the value of your business is present value of future profits. Your theory nicely rationalizes the removal. Except that "eyePhone" is mentioned several times in the episode and it was not the problem. The problem was showing the zombies and the following announcement: - "Introducing the all new eyePhone 2.0." - (the mob) "Yeah!" Little bird tells me that painting "Momcorp" (with logo similar to Apple, with store similar to Apple, you get the point) users as mindless zombies ready to buy anything was the problem. The red thing on Thinkpads is called trackpoint (or clit, for simplicity). Trackballs are entirely different animals, it is a ball that you move (if you remember old ball mouses, it is basically ball mouse turned on its back, with bigger ball). This post was brought to you by Thinkpad, with trackpoint as a sole pointing device ;). It actually uses PTP protocol for transferring photos. Once upon time I was trying to get data out of iPhone, that was paired to iTunes on a harddrive that went into the big bucket in the sky. To my surprise, connecting it to the Ubuntu box allowed me to copy out all the data I cared for, without any wonky iTunes. But I agree with you, having microSD or at least USB mass storage is much better. Mac OS breaks compatibility too, so there is nothing that could be better than on Linux side. Actually, if you really care, you can still run a.out and glibc5 ELF userland binaries on Linux. On the other side, any m68k or ppc for classic apps are no-go on OSX, as well as some ppc-for-osx. Also for third party drivers, you need version for specific OSX point release, they are not generally very compatible. There are also entire classes of hardware that are unusable on OSX, period. (I remember wasting particularly lot of time on trying to get IrDA run on OSX with a little bit more than just IRCOMM. On Linux, it worked out of the box.) I would add more points: - availability: Apple's presence in Eastern Europe and China is spotty. Plus the value added services do not work (cannot buy from iTunes Store? What's the integration of Apple stack good for, if you can't use it?). This point was partially addressed in the article, that Apple is planning to open new stores in China. - pricing: They also use strange exchange rate for their prices. It is cheaper to fly to New York, have a weekend in nice hotel, purchase a Mac and fly home, than just purchase it at home. Western Europe has similar problem - at the time, when 1 EUR = 1.5 USD, Apple used 1:1 exchange ratio. WTF? - service: it is bad, really bad. When something breaks and you need your Apple product fixed, you don't want to wait for weeks until they bother to do. On the other hand, the competition tries hard, I have experience of having my stuff fixed NBD (no, I didn't purchase NBD service). Regarding the MS Office - they are not the same. MSO2007 for Windows is better than MSO2008 for Mac. Not only it is significantly faster, but also has more functionality. So when it comes down to decision, whether you want to look at aqua widgets or have solver available, it comes down to getting your job done. They are usually not installed by default (unless something pulls them as a dependency - can happen for perl or python, but definitely not lisp/erlang/forth... by default) and they are installed separately. The situation is exactly what you ask for - they are available for separate install, right there in distribution repository. You can also choose - either too many subpackages, or overspecified on dependencies. You can not have both, for obvious reasons. Wrt gems/easy_install/whatever, do you realize that these language specific systems are broken by design and interoperating with them is not exactly easy? Oh, so you probably missed the discussion between Debian and Rails two years ago. Have look there: http://pkg-ruby-extras.alioth.debian.org/rubygems.html http://pkg-ruby-extras.alioth.debian.org/upstream-devs.html The second link describes what is wrong with gems-only approach. See also links at the bottom of the first page. It not just "using cloud features of Google Accounts". On Android, you _don't sync_. You just add new contact to your phone and in few seconds, it is in the cloud. Or add contact through web interface and in few seconds, it is in your phone. When you start using it, you stop worrying about where did you put your contact and whether you synced it. It is just everywhere applicable, automatically. Google won't do phone retailing. (Honestly? No wonder, they are exceptionaly bad at it). That does not mean that there will be no developer phone. N1 was actually third developer phone (after ADP1 and ADP2). There surely will be fourth. I don't know what specific chip is used on Droid, but I remember that on Qualcomm chipsets you cannot change primary program loader at all (it is in the chip ROM) and after the fuse is blown in handset factory, the primary program loader checks, whether the secondary program loader is signed and refuses to load it, when the check fails. So it really depends on SPL, what it allows to load and run. If it is strict in what it does, case is closed, buy something else. Milestone was never an option. It is not just GSM version of Droid, it is also pretty much locked down. While it was rooted, there is still no way to put custom firmware on it. Pretty much like Droid X. Not every edition supports BitLocker. Professional for example does not. The required permissions are listed specificaly by app developer, so no, there is no code analysis. However, during app runtime, only those listed capabalities are provided to app. If the app tried to use something else, it would get exception. Short of bug in the platform, there is no way getting around. Symbian S60 and Symbian 3rd gen is the same (or actually 3rd gen is subset of S60); Maemo and MeeGo is the same. That makes it down to two platfoms. They actually have also S40, but that is for feature phones. I believe that they want to get rid of S40, put S60 on low end and MeeGo on high end phones. Not really, Apple, while it is the loud one, does not have the volume shipped Nokia has. Remember, there are much more folks who want phone than those who want pocket computer or toy. Yes, I agree with you, they lost focus wrt their platforms. The first step for them is decide, what they want and then follow with steps to achieve that. And only that, no forking and dead ends. Even with IFS, you cannot boot from third-party filesystem. "Root" partition is going to be NTFS anyway. Or cooperating with them. You will pull them, they will pull you. Sorry, but I didn't edit X11 settings for years. Speaking of xorg.conf, it is optional for years. The system works just fine without it. No worry, I wasted equal share of time with Windows and OSX. If I had to pick one-eyed among blind, it would be difficult choice, becasue they are all blind like bats. > I'm not sure if it's equivalent, but setting up the iPhone to treat your Gmail account as an Exchange Active Sync account gives the iPhone most of the cloud push features (Mail/Calendar/Contacts). I can add a contact on my iPhone that syncs OTA to Google that then syncs to my mac address book. No, this is not equivalent to cloud push. Application-specific push (in this case google sync) was part of Andoid 1.0 on the first G1. You think 530 USD is bad? If you wanted to buy it in Europe, it was 599 EUR. For comparison, unlocked HTC Desire is being sold for 399 EUR. Those "saved" DIVX/XVID are usually SD, not HD. And even if it was HD, in home environment the bandwidth is not an issue and for the intermediate consumption you can transcode to I-frame only stream. It is probably rude, but I'm still too curious and have to ask: what part of the world are you living in, where you don't get 1080p satellite coverage? Yesterday, my Thinkpad running Windows 7 hybernated during sleep. It never woke up from that hybernation. So I did hard reset and it didn't boot (it did boot after second hard reset). What does it have common with your situation? Sometimes shit happens, things go wrong and there is some lurking bug that is hard to duplicate. You wasted few minutes of your time editing xorg.conf. I wasted few minutes rebooting and holding breath. Neither it does make any system bad, nor is it any ground for generalizations. Just hard to find bug. Or worse - you get Helvetica bundled with HP print drivers, that is unsuitable for any kind of screen reading. The keywords were "extensible dynamically at runtime", not just "extensible, period". Runtime extensibility matters at systems that you cannot shut down, where have to upgrade live systems, for example. If you are doing just "run it once again, no big deal" application, then it does not matter, you are right. G1 crawls, because it is very memory constrained device. It has 192 MB RAM, 64 MB is taken by radio stack, leaving only 128 MB for android system. Try taking c2d system and limit it to 128 MB RAM, without swap. It will crawl too. Yes, they are. Java is _used_ in Android SDK only. You use java-based tools to develop and build Android applications and then convert them into Dalvik applications. On devices, there is only Dalvik, no Java. No, not at all. The first thing is to realize, that Android, the platform, does not use Java at all. It uses Dalvik, proprietary virtual machine, just like Microsoft's .net or random Smalltalk. There is no JVM in sight. What uses Java is Android SDK, for their tools. Clojure is Java application the same way, as Android SDK tools are. Rooting DroidX or Droid 2 will not help you. The bootloader is signed and checks, whether the firmware is signed by Motorola too. If it not, it will refuse to boot it. So if you do not want to be stuck with whatever firmware version Motorola offers, get Nexus One. For a platform backed by big bad company, that is not going anywhere, see what happened to Visual Basic (6). Yeah, right. I'm sure that were great many decisions by many executives. Ericsson Pxxx phones were pretty popular in their time. Sure, technically they had keyboard, but after detaching it were the same form factor as iPhone. Yes, but you could use them without one. The stylus was used for tiny controls, the basics like dialing were usable by finger. It was big, supported platform supported by big company. Until it was not. Overnight, you were told to rewrite all your sources to new, shiny language, also called VB. Basically, VB1-VB6 were compatible. You made app in any of them, it required only small changes to build with never version, no big deal. However, 2000 called and Microsoft came with new version, Visual Basic Net. It changed syntax, class libraries, everything. With the old VB, it had only name in common. It looked similar only on the surface (both are Basics, anyway). Sure, they fixed lot of warts, but broke many existing apps, that were in the maintenance mode for the time. If you relied on VB6 apps, and VB6 runtime had problem with new version of your OS, you just could not upgrade without expensive rewrite. The message is: just because the language or platform is supported by big company, does not mean, that it is safe for your business to build your apps on it. On the other hand, ten years ago I took the risk to build an app in Python. At the time, it was little, unknown language (especially in the MS world). The app still works reliably today and is buildable (only .pycs were deployed) by modern Python. You can remove them... if you have root (or in case of newer Motorola phones, can flash custom firmware). That's why having the ability to replace firmware is important - you do not depend on manufacturer support for newer versions AND they can not force their crap on you. ARM is going for 40-bit extension, to allow addressing 1 TB of RAM. Source: http://www.eetimes.com/electronics-news/4206387/ARM7-40bit-v... You mean A4, not A8. Cortex A8 was not designed by PA. Even A4 "designed by Apple" SoC contains many blocks from Samsung catalogue and PowerVR SGX GPU from Imagination Technologies. They built a lego set, they didn't start on green grass field. It's more on personal (Jobs-Ellison) than company level. It is actually a problem on Macs: there are entire libraries of applications, that will never run on any new Mac. PPC/Classic is not supported, PPC/OSX may or may not run, depending on the app. Forget 68K/Classic. (Yeah, I should have bought PC versions of Lucasfilm games, not the Mac ones.) Yes, in this case, that's exactly what I do. But the point is that I shouldn't rely on group of volunteers to preserve compatibility. For Lucasfilm games it works, for others it doesn't (other "classic game", Diablo II, has PPC/Classic installer and PPC/Carbon update. It is uninstallable on current Macs). It is not just about games either - how many people were satisfied with Photoshop 7 (PPC/Classic), but they had to purchase newer version just to be compatible with their platform? Specifically Apple had quite a lot of ABI breaks in their history. But back to the article - it claimed, that architecture specific binaries are not a problem. I think, and many people agree, that having architecture independent binary is a good thing and provides real benefits not just to developers (fewer builds and reduced support), but to end-users too - compatibility with wide array of devices. You can develop for Snapdragon/Hummingbird (ARM) device and the same binary will run on Moorestown (IA32) or some random Freescale (PPC) too. Just because they are ARM, does not mean they are the same. When taking iPhones into account, you must build for ARM6 and ARM7. On Android and native code, situation is the same: G1/myTouch is CPU-wise another ARM than Nexus One, which is different than Galaxy S. The bytecode solves nicely this problem now, as in You Needed It Yesterday Already. Many apps and libraries are ported, not written from scratch. You may not have an option to "conform to the NSCoding protocol", because you already have existing code, written before Apple Era. Really? They did ARM7 builds at the time? I don't know about you, but the things I do not miss are putting spaces in extension names to reorder them (at boot time, they were loaded alphabetically and there were often conflicts, if the order was "incorrect"), manually setting up, how much RAM can a specific app use, or rebooting with virtual memory on/off, depending on which app I wanted to run. I still remember, that reading websites with table-layouts on the only somewhat standards-compliant browser (IE for Mac) was exercise in frustration. Both windows (95/98) and macs had their share of shortcomings, you just had to pick, which set you can tolerate. Actually, there are also technical obstacles. The first time there is an exploit in system-provided video decoder (any decoder, not just H.264), you can be sure, who will get blamed for that - the browser, of course. So any browser maker wants to make sure, that they can update anything, that is being touched by web. In case of Apple and Microsoft, they both can update the system provided H.264 decoder. In case of Opera, Mozilla and Google, they can not. This is one of reasons, why all three browsers bundle their own decoders (the another one is multi-platform consistency). Yes, few years ago, there was 'Haha, so Firefox is not so secure after all' bug in Windows 'shell:' protocol handler: http://www.eweek.com/c/a/Security/Mozilla-Flaw-Lets-Links-Ru... They do not block, just shape. My mobile operator (O2) shapes everything but http, so with ssh tunnelling or ssl-based vpn, things get much slower. Don't put blame on Flash, when trying to decode 720p/1080p video on Snapdragon. This CPU simply doesn't have the power to do that, no matter what the clock rate is. > And I don't know any developer who would dismiss Visual Studio. You are new around here, right? Make yourself comfortable and you will know droves of them in no time. ;) You can use Google's Chrome Web Store to sell HTML5 apps. For info, how to integrate with your apps, see: http://code.google.com/chrome/webstore/docs/index.html There was some development since you looked at it. For example, that wallpaper is no longer in the builds by default ;). It is not in Cyanogenmod 6.0 final for Dream and Sapphire. It used to be in 5.0.x series. Edit: Sorry, my bad, it is still there. The Cyanogenmod wallpapers section grew up in size and somehow I missed that the last wallpaper is still there. Actually, Gmail (Google Apps accounts work too) account has quite a lot to do with the task at hand. You will find out, when you will have a new phone and log in with the same account - the market will know which apps you bought or downloaded in the past and will set up them on your new phone. Actually, you did download it. Google Maps (includes Navigation, Lattitude, Places, etc) was updated several times since you bought your N1. It was updated using Google Market. Once again: 1. Google Market requires account. You needed Market to download the updates to Google Maps. 2. Google Maps itself does not require google account. It will work with one, if available (for Lattitude), but for navigation, it is not required. If you have invalid credentials, for example, it will give you info "Login failed" and that's it. Yes, I understand, that when it was downloading updates from Market as a first thing after turning on, it is not something pleasant. However, that's what users want, they want their system as updated as possible and Google obliged (see also flames here, on HN, how Google does not care and does not force the vendors to provide current Android releases. Removing apps from OS release cycle and updating them independently is a part of sidestepping the vendors/carriers). >> They just pump out what people will buy > the definition of a successful business is rather less subjective. Pumping out what people will buy is pretty much what makes a business successful. I'm not sure what point you're trying to make about the success of a product? Isn't a successful product the one with the most users? We are talking about better products, not successful businesses. For example, Britney Spears outsells Tchaikovsky, but no one would argue that she makes better music. You are still subjective. For many people, iPhone/Mac/BMW, Audi are not a top product. I'm one of many who like Windows 7 and Ubuntu better than OSX (I've spend more than decade as a Mac user); I like Android better than iPhone; also, while BMW is a fun to drive, S-Class Mercedes is also great experience, heck, I quite like VW Passat too and Audi is in "nothing special" category for me. So, for my taste, you generalize too much, picking your favourite brands as a superior product. Yup, company issue A4 for a year. Yes, Audi's interior was very polished, but driving BMW was fun (due to it's chassis, engine, etc). Compared to that, Audi was boring. Midtown Manhattan may have capacity problems, too many callers and not enough towers. But dropping calls in Queens at 7 AM, now that is too much (no iPhone, I might add, but good old Nokia, that has seen its first dropped call there. But yes, roaming in AT&T network). Current "Internet connected" Samsung TVs aren't cheap either; the difference to comparable basic models is in hundreds of Euros. I'm sure Sammy could get back the price of Intel CE4x00 SoC quite easily. Win32API is not copyrighted. You can find independently created .h files, if you really want, and they are legal. In WINE or Mingw, for example. Microsoft used "moving target" tactics to avoid having its APIs cloned. AFAIK, Slovakia has flat 19% income tax (including income from dividends and capital gain), so I wouldn't be so sure about US having the least onerous tax systems of all named countries. Google's Dalvik (VM) does not run Java. The Android _SDK_ is Java based. The Android apps are written in Java, the language, compiled into Java bytecode (Java class files) and the class files are converted into single dex file, which is custom instruction set. Then the app is moved onto the device and run. The Android runtime is neither Java, nor JVM. It is custom (proprietary) VM that happens to use library that is API compatible with Java's standard library (Apache Harmony compiled and converted to dex; again, no java bytecode in sight). Is it a big drain on your life to decide, where to do your (physical) shopping? With apps stores, it is the same. You can have your favourite shop, where you do your shopping most of the time. But you have an option to change. Which is important, because the shop owner is also aware of this. As a result, he will not trying to f*ck you so hard, as he would, if you didn't have this option. (If you are locked in and the conditions change to worse, what are you going to do? Accept and submit, that's what.) Big enterprise logic changes the same way, as cash flow changes. It is called "vote with your wallet" for a reason. > If I have an android I have to go to different app stores to get different apps. No. On Android, you can get most apps in most stores. Some stores are more popular than other (have more customers and more apps). As for now, the most popular is Google Market. On Apple, you must go through store. Even if you have .ipa on you harddrive, you must go through store. Apple sets conditions, what an app can and cannot do. Would you accept similar scheme for your computer? In most businesses, sole supplier is a no-no (if you ever forget, your risk auditors will remind you). There is a reason for that, believing in benevolent dictatorship will get you nowhere. > You would be surprised how much is driven by individuals and how little is driven by rationality. Oh, I wouldn't, I see it every day. Thank god for consultants, you can bring them in, and they will say the obvious/rational thing. You would be surprised. They are already building separate models for North America (so it is not separate for rest of the world, but separate for NA!). X201 has also dock port. I guess x300/x301 were only models without dock and the reaction to that was not that positive. The a) category is not so clear-cut. Originally, it was up to OS vendors to support Java port, period. So Sun did it for Solaris, MS did it for Windows and nobody did it for Linux. Then MS tried to hijack Java and Blackdown did the Linux port. The current status is result of what happened in the past, not some master plan to support only tier A platforms. The problem with Linux is not the urban legend, that Linux users don't pay for software (just ask Varicad or MathWorks), for example). For Adobe, the problem might be, that Linux users don't pay for subpar software. The Flex Builder is a perfect example - it feels foreign on Linux desktop. Would Mac users pay for software, that feels so foreign on Mac desktop? Of course not, so why do you expect Linux users to do? When talking about specific companies, yes, Busch was first. However, in this case, this is "regional trademark", the beer with this name was brewed in Budweis (Budejovice) long before the company was established. It is a name of the town, after all. The same way for Pilsner. "Pilsner Urquell" (Plzensky Prazdroj) is brewed in Pilsen (Plzen). The fighting and tinkering is your problem. You are fighting the wrong enemy. Virtual machines have their own ideas about graphic hardware, and by default they show generic VESA to guest. In the VMWare world, there is a "VMWare Guest Daemon", that combined with vmware driver adjusts the guest resolution according to VMWare settings (fit to window, etc). In VirtualBox world, there should be something similar. Quick googling shows, that VBoxLinuxAdditions provides custom display driver. Also note, that if a) you install guest tools without package manager and b) these guest tools do not support dkms (though VirtualBox should support it), then you will have rebuild kernel modules after each kernel upgrade! This may be your "integration broke for some reason, I need to re-install". Just use dkms and let the operating system worry about reinstalling drivers. Regarding VirtualPC, it is broken in it's own, special ways. Sometimes I wonder that it works at all. Microsoft does not support other guest systems than Windows. Well, try installing Mac OSX in VirtualBox and you will see, what a nightmare really is. > Yes of course, it is my fault that the software I installed did not "just work" and reported the issues when someone claimed "it just works". Using one of the most popular open source VMs is just wrong! Despite this, VirtualBox is not "supported hardware". Did you see any claim about Ubuntu support on VirtualBox site (no, only "Linux 2.6") or VirtualBox support in Ubuntu materials? Exactly. VirtualBox is not one of most popular open source VM. It is a popular VM among desktop users that want it for free. That's different. Even VMWare is not supported by Ubuntu (but Ubuntu is supported by VMWare). Supported systems work out of the box. For example, when installing Ubuntu on Intel based system, the experience is smooth as a butter. On unsupported systems, it is matter of luck - when 10.10 came out, I've installed it on Toshiba Tecra M7. Everything except fingerprint reader worked out of the box - Nvidia graphics, Intel Wifi, Bluetooth, SD card reader, even the softmodem and Wacom digitizer (it is a tablet). > So, it cannot be disputed that "Linux just works". Linux does not have built-in drivers for widespread hardware such as Virtualbox. And why do we need to rebuild kernel modules after every incremental monthly kernel revison. Certainly does not sound like "it just works". Nice omission of "if". I'm not expert on VirtualBox (and I don't want to be). It is on the vendor/maintainer of the modules to make it. Nvidia binary modules for example do support it, so normal user is not aware of the rebuilding when booting with new kernel. And again, VirtualBox is not widespread hardware. > You are wrong. You seemed to have missed the entire fiasco around the Novell-Microsoft "partnership" around Virtualization. That's Virtual Server. Different product, that still does not support Ubuntu (only SLES). I never said that problems with VirtualBox is a users fault. I said that making two products work that in the way that their vendors do not support is not for the faint of heart. Have you ever tried to run OSX client under any VM? Thought so. In both .webm and .mp4, the index is/can be at the beginning of the file, so you don't have to wait until video loads. Also, since HTTP 1.1 we have byte ranges, so in combination of above point, you can freely seek with HTTP-streamed videos. Signal handling code on android phones is not only native, it runs on separate core too. But your points are true anyway. Strange. 20 years ago, the the hot Microsoft technologies were MS-DOS and Windows 3.0. Are you sure, that your knowledge of Ralf Brown's Interrupt List and VGA registers is still what current market demands? From cca the same time - remember Fahrenheit? Did you consider all factors, when you are so sure about it being the best tool for a job? Few years ago, there were many people absolutely sure, that creating IE6-only webapps is also best decision. And look today, where that decision got them. There were some Microsoft technologies, that had better shelf life than other. NT, WinAPI, COM definitely belong there. For example: ODBC, ADO, DAO, OLEDB, ADO.NET... is seems, that there is no end to different data access layers. Technologies, that went completely poof: Hailstorm, Passport, VB6(!). Technology on the verge going poof: WPF. Too often the decision masquerading as "best tool for the job" is in reality "the technology I'm fan of". I really would not want to be the person, who few years since now is responsible for maintenance of some legacy Silverlight application. It is going to be exactly ugly as maintaing IE6 only application today. The difference is, that it is easier to avoid that now. I really don't know what would make Silverlight best tool today (except for very specialized solutions). No, support in VS does not count. Different sensors do not enter the picture, unless your application uses them all (99% of them don't). Different keyboards do not enter the picture at all. Different screen sizes are handled very neatly since 1.6. Any other questions? The sensors situation is the same on all platforms - if you want to use them, you have to handle them. If not, just ignore them. How is that more complicated on Android? The difference with keyboards - the original point was "all the keyboards" (i.e. HTC IME, Swype, etc), not just hardware vs software. When you prepare your application for software keyboard, whether pan-and-scan or resize, it will just work with hardware keyboard (opposite is slightly more complicated: when you assume only hardware keyboard, then the software keyboard has surprises in layouts for you). Getting OT: sometimes I wonder, how people could handle PCs 20 years ago. You had CPUs with different speeds (286 to 486), different graphics cards with different resolutions (EGA, VGA, SVGA), operating system that didn't abstract the differences and yet the PC was considered single platform, much more successful than competing unified platforms. There wasn't rampart rationalization against "fragmentation", like today. We have no means to verify 99.99% quotes in the news, yet we assume they are true. Do you have practical experience with that, or are you just repeating what you read on the internet? Yes, under Windows: Google Earth Plugin File: npgeplugin.dll Version: 1.0.0.1 GEPlugin I'm sure I didn't ask for it. And while you are at it, please stop putting Google Earth icon on my desktop after every update. I deleted it for a reason (no icons except Recycle Bin on the desktop). Same about start menu entry (I moved it into another folder. Stop recreating the original location). Yes. There are thousands people in the world speaking Latin, but it is still dead language. I used to have the same opinion. Until I found Swype keyboard. Since I tried it, I had no problem switching to non-qwerty phone. Give it a try. It is also much more flexible. Aura (GPS navigation) downloads maps only of those states or countries, that you are interested in. You don't have to store all maps. Actually, I think that th Activity/Intent structuring of applications is a very good idea, one that could be brought into the world of desktop applications too. It allows to use parts of applications in a way that OLE/COM promised, but never delivered. You know, that you can use Chrome OS with your own webapps, not just with Google's, right? It is just most people not only do not consider to be running their own appservers worth the trouble, but (if this thing catches up), they won't consider maintaining desktop/laptop computers, as we know them today, worth the effort either. While Intel is pretty good with the support in general, they screwed up with the Poulsbo (GMA500) thing, which was popular in netbooks. I'm using it on different hardware (Netgear WNDR3700), because it has more functionality than stock firmware. What I'm using: printserver (it has USB port, that is great for sticking printer in) and persistent VPN. It is definitely not just for the fun of it. Average user would not get into this situation, because average user does not download driver from nvidia and then does not run scripts from command line. Average user installs nvidia driver through 'restricted drivers' icon in the panel. Later, after the kernel upgrades, the driver recompiles itself during first boot (the user does not see this, the first boot just takes a little longer). So yes, these hardware-related problems were dealt with years ago, you just chose to side-step the solution. (I'm sure unknowingly, but most people who choose to ignore package manager run into problems later and then blame it on the distro). Not that easy - any virtual machine, that allows copying material from virtual output devices will break the chain of trust and the certified player will refuse to play. That still does not explain why I'm losing signal in the middle of Queens, for example. You can be damn sure, that nothing similar happened in the middle of Munich. (And btw, building software is nothing like building a house.) Well, building houses (buildings, bridges, power stations, stadiums...) is usually fixed price, waterfall at that (the blueprint is prepared before construction starts, etc). Of course, the clients can change the projects, that's what addendums to contracts are for. Here you define what changes and how the fixed price changes. Among other things, it is great anti-slacker motivator. With time&material, the construction company could take whatever time they feel like. With FP, they are encouraged not to, because it goes on their tab. Maintenance of buildings/whatever structures is on the ofter hand often done as a T&M (it is slightly more complicated, as there are a certain baseline services with fixed monthly fee and everything above that is T&M). It was just LG caught with their pants down making up excuses, why don't they provide updates for current products. 1) You aren't going to get H.264 decoder for free. There will be always at least license fees to MPEG-LA. 2) Current hardware video decoders are DSPs. You are not going to "waste valuable board space". It is a program in ROM, it is easy to change H.264 to VP8, you will probably even save some space. Most fair coverage? You must be joking. His opinion "If you don't agree with me, your view is ideological" is stated 6 times. I don't see how you can call this article even approaching to be fair. Wikipedia. Current PowerVR and NVidia chips support decoding VC-1 and WMA. Do you see this functionality enabled in Apple products? Why do you think they are going to enable WebM parts? Similarly, Vorbis has been there for years. Why do you think Apple never supported it? And for anyone, who will use Gecko/Xul-runner as a basis for their product? Well, the upcoming generation of mobile chipsets supports VP8. Tegra 2, for example, supports both decoding and encoding of VP8. That dedicated hardware has no specific circuits with hardcoded decoding of specific formats. It is DSP with microcode and that microcode can be changed by updates. Microsoft also thought that they properly licensed MP3, until they were forced to pay additional $1.52B to Alcatel-Lucent... MPEG-LA does not provide any protection agains patent holders coming out of the blue. The WebM patent grant contains insurance against this. If any "new" patent holder sues anyone or makes available their patents for suing by other party, he will be excluded from the (VP8) patent grant. Any CE or IT company will think twice, whether it is worth it. Can you imagine Samsung or LG suing someone over VP8 and in return losing access to VP8 content on Youtube? What it will do to their CE business? 1) Xvid cannot decode Divx as it is and vice versa. Althrough in theory they are both implementations of MPEG-4 ASP, they both have quirks that are their own only. The decoder has to deal specifically with Divx quirks and Xvid quirks, or else there's no picture. 2) There are two independent software VP8 decoders - libvpx (Google's original) and ffvp8 (ffmpeg). As for encoder, one is libvpx, which is usable today and the other is xvp8, which is in development. So yes, there will be independent implementations. There are also other, hardware-based decoders and encoders. 1) In the end, both xvid and divx (and other, like ffmpeg or nero) decoders contain fixes for divx/xvid quirks. In software, it is easy. For extra fun, get your hands on some dvd players, that claim divx support. Yes, they can decode divx, but decoding xvid is much bigger problems for them (it is not about profiles, but about bugs in produced bitstreams). Not really. The upcoming generation of mobile devices will have hardware support for VP8 and the users upgrade these devices very often. The browsers that do support it run on the platform by the same vendor. IE9 runs only on Vista/7, where MS provides H.264 decoder. Safari runs only with Quicktime, where Apple provides H.264 decoder. So although the browsers do not come with decoders, they use their vendor's decoder and nothing else. On the other hand, if Mozilla/Opera/Chrome used third party decoder, that would be support nightmare ("It works on my computer, but not on friend's! Please fix it!"). He is talking about content providers, not devices. It is really diificult to find main@ bitsreams in the wild. They may also turn 480p and higher to be webm only; effectively making h.264 low quality, intended only for "legacy mobile devices". You: a) may be able to persuade your vendor (Apple) to support webm in your device, b) for the time being, you are going to watch low-resolution, low-bitrate version of youtube. All higher quality streams will be webm and you can return to point a). Any further questions? It is not only about APIs, but also about control. Microsoft can always rely, that IE9 will supports whatever formats they want it to support. They know, that it will play H.264, because they ship H.264 with Vista and 7 and IE9 supports only Vista and 7. Apple can also always rely, that Safari will display formats they want it to display. They know, that Safari will play H.264, because Quicktime ships with H.264 and Quicktime is bundled with OSX, or with Safari for Windows. If Mozilla/Google/Opera outsource this to OS, they lose control. They will not know, what the browser will display (imagine handing off control about HTML/CSS/JS to Microsoft, when IE6 was going down and Firefox up. It would be like Firefox using IE HTML control to display HTML). Another problem from the control perspective is inconsistent support among platforms. Platform A, it will play formats X and Y. On platform B, formats Y and Z. On C, X a Z. Do you see problem here? The x264 developer often cited by H.264 proponents. He wrote, that VP8 is slightly better than H.264 baseline. And that's why nobody sane will try to screw with them. Nobody wants to lose the ability to do video on the internet during next 20 (plus/minus) years. That "We may have stolen your technology" is pushing it. Google did due diligence before buying On2 with VP8. They did patent search. If anyone appears now with some patent claim against VP8, suing left and right users of VP8, it does not show good faith on their part. For IE9 and Safari (except Safari for Windows) is is exactly the case. And because the OS vendor is the same as browser vendor, the effect is the same as bundling with the browser. That is not the case for browser vendor without their OS. They cannot achieve the same effect. The XBMC library mode is much better than iTunes. XBMC is living-room ready, wife-approved media player (one of the best on the market, in fact). As a bonus, you don't have to convert anything. In my opinion, some ION2 nettop with minimal Ubuntu and XBMC would be better option than WDTV. More expensive, yes, but not that much[1] and definitely provides better experience. [1] Note that I'm in EU-land, where AppleTV is 120 EUR, which is 160 USD. Acer/Asus/Zotac/other nettop vendors do not have the same problem with currency conversion that Apple does. I'd like to get rid of IR remote with non-standard receiver and replace it with Bluetooth one (Sony PS3 Blu-Ray remote). Anyone has experience, how long the batteries last in this thing? You wrote that down as if iPhone was not heavily subsidized phone. There are not many people, who paid full price for it. And we, Slovaks, are fluent in Czech ;) Many ppc Macs use nvidia graphics. There is no proprietary nvidia driver for powerpc. On the other hand, 10.5 runs fine on ppc. As a poster above noted, your old OS does not magically stop working after release of new version. Still less than Xcode. Blade has 512 MB of internal memory, but it is partitioned into /system, /data and /cache. Both system and data are somewhere around 235 MB each and cache is the rest. Android doesn't help that it warns you when you are below 10% of free /data. On Blade, it is still 23 MB. Just out of curiosity, what are you using for 2.2 on Blade? AFAIK, the official version is still 2.1. Thanks, I will have a look at it. Use SOCKS proxy for tethering - problem solved. (OK, it is not that transparent for client, but the detection would be much harder). I've always considered ATI's excuses for not providing access to certain parts of hardware to be bullshit. In past, they tried to avoid publishing specs for TV-out, due to Macrovision (or so was the excuse). In the end, it was reverse engineered, later TV-out got obsolete and today, nobody cares. ATI however grew an user base that will not purchase ATI card again. Today, they make life more difficult to those, who want to use UVD. UVD is quite simple functionality, basically you provide compressed buffer and the card decompresses it. You can put the result back to system ram, into texture, whereever, it has nothing common with the output (In theory, it may flag originally AACS-ed buffers and enforce secure video path for them, but in practice nobody cares, the pirates have better ways to capture content anyway). So they again are losing those who want to build video players for the living room due to the theoretical attack that nobody cares about. So they think Zacate will be more popular that Atom+Ion? I doubt it and quick look at xbmc forums confirms my opinion. Not really. I got my complete Atom box for €120. Core i3 started at €350. Nothing. rtorrent is starving your network bandwidth and disk i/o; video is decoded by gpu. The atom cpu is enough to handle both at once. If you get choppy playback, it will be due disk i/o. Yes, but Apple sets terms and conditions, when and how can you do it (it involves being company of over 500 employees and assk-kissing when handling the certificates). Basically, you can't do any skunk works in your company, because when you start talking to all people necessary to handle Apple terms, some manager will come and tell you to not do anything, because the standard corporate phone is XYZ and that's it. That's what I always used to think, until few years ago. Then a new crop of TVs came and it started to mess up the movies. The movie looked like a soap opera. It turned out, that it was caused by a feature that increases fps and inserts interpolated frames (every manufacturer calls it differently). After turning it off, the movies look like movies again. > I don't know about you, but the "open the Appstore app" from a link on my phone sounds identical. It's not identical, because he was talking about browsing the Market on PC (or tablet, if you must) and installing apps from there. All you need is to login into Android Market with the same account as you are using for the device and you can push apps to your phone. No cable necessary. Currently not, but nothing prevents Amazon from implementing it. It is actually very simple, when the user clicks on Install button on the Android Market web, it then sends c2dm [1] message to your device and the localy installed Android Market app pulls the installation file. Amazon is free to do the same thing. [1] http://code.google.com/android/c2dm/index.html New as "since 2.2", which means something over 2/3 of android users can use this feature. Take it this way: this allows you tweet (or publish in other way) link to your application, where the prospects can buy it and install it without any fuss. That's the entire point, to make life for both vendors and users easier. I did it few times; it was accepted at check-in, but cannot be scanned at the gate (is is too tiny), so when the people at check-in saw it, they issued a paper boarding pass for me. Maybe depends on the airrport. For me, BA was always cool with boarding pass on the Kindle. > opposed by some of the most important players in the industry. And these are? No, Apple is not one of "the most important players in the industry". Safari has only some 6% market share. Youtube encodes and stores videos in several resolutions, for example their 720p h.264 encodes are high@3.1. I'm not surprised. I've never been to Heathrow without having some kind of trouble (from missed flight, through lost luggage, to security having issue with my contact lenses solution). Foreign goverments have access to the same closed-source products too. For exactly the same reasons. SAP Business Objects has flash output. To be fair, due to iPad popularity, SAP released iPad/iPhone apps. Not really, it is just filler piece. It does not answer the question, that your manager will ask you: What's the ROI? Could be an opportunity for Czechs. However, it is not necessary. Not all news sites are putting up the paywall and even those that are, they are not doing it for wire news (SME and Pravda are doing it for opinion pages, occasional "premium articles" and discussion boards). SME tried it in the past and it was a failure, that did them more damage than improvements; this time they tried to cooperate among publishers and do it at the same time, but they still do not have critical mass. Most people that didn't drink the cool-aid expect it to fail again. Try some article with grey key or teraz.sme.sk To paraphrase, "this is so bad, it is not even wrong". Firstly, both cost of sales (COGS) and sales, general and administrative (SG&A, where marketing belongs) are profit and loss statement (P&L) items. They really have nothing in common with balance sheet. Secondly, it is in COGS, because support is directly attributable to specific product and directly impacts given product's gross margin. You can specifically tell, which product is well or badly designed, due to support it requires. In specific cases (one-off products - projects), support is financed from reserves created for specific projects. These reserves impact the margin of the project (and the project manager's bonus is usually based on the project margin). Thirdly, it is not "management" who decides, what goes where. It is CFO and his minions, who base it on "accounting standars" (US GAAP or IAS, depending where you are), so the revenues and cost structure is comparable among companies. Benchmarking is not used only in tech field. Fourthly, where comes this belief, that management does not slash SG&A costs, but does COGS? They do both, but COGS, if it leads to acceptable gross margin is left alone; SG&A is being cut at any possible chance. Rudepeklo meant that mbank in Czech republic accepts transfer orders 24/7. I can confirm, the interbank orders will wait till the interbank reconciliation center opens, but internal transfers will be made immediately. What's more interesting, mbank uses the same backend for pl, cz and sk. I know that it works in cz and sk exactly the way it is supposed to do. Why is pl exception? > Welcome to the world of fragmentation. Honestly, that is the biggest difficulty with coding for Android. This horse was beaten so many times, it is already dead. > I really don't think you can blame Amazon for this, however. Sure you can. Google Market handles this condition gracefully, i.e. if you can't run it, it will not show it to you. So why to hold Amazon to lower standard? Every Android application comes with file called manifest. It specifies many things, but in the context of this debate also permissions and device capabilities required. If your app requires gyro, accelerometer, high-dpi display, OpenGL ES 2.0, specific texture formats or whatever, you put it here. And here comes Google relationship with device manufacturers. As you certainly know, Market is not a part of the open-source android release, but proprietary app, that has to be licensed, if you want to distribute it on any device. So when the manufacturer licenses the app for the specific device, it also provides Google with device capabilities. Google puts it into the market, so they can show you only those apps, that your device is capable of running. Amazon, of course, does not have such a database, and also does not have relationship with device manufacturers. It is up to them to find a way to build similar filtering mechanism. Nobody said, that building competing market is easy and that reviewing apps is enough. Good luck trying, though. Yes, one would suppose that the Amazon market client would report device capabilities and the market would adjust response to that. Let's hope that they will learn. Sorry, what is the point of your response? Jumping to conclusions, are we? Superuser.apk does not achieve root privileges and su does not blindly run your program with root privileges. su asks superuser.apk, if your program is allowed to run as root and only when superuser.apk agrees (and displays toast), then your program is run. Also, the arbitrary privileges are reserved for setuid programs, which is not easy to achieve. Basically, su and Superuser.apk are gatekeepers to uid 0, which short of bugs, you can't get around. Also, did you know, that you can disable adbd? Or remove root privileges from it? > Vote with your wallet: only buy software that's proved correct. For all intents and purposes, people in last 50 years proved, that they do not want correct software. In many cases, they can't even describe what correct software should do. They want cheap (= keyword!) software, that kinda-sorta is fit for intended purpose. The current emulator _is_ QEmu. However, the current problem is not arm emulation, but moving pixels in software. You will notice, that the more you increase resolution, the more the performance drops. The Google IO talk linked in this thread addresses this point, so hopefully in Autumn the emulator will be usable (especially at tablet resolutions). Economist is not exactly an etalon of unbiased reporting. They have very Anglo-Saxon centred optics. It does not change the fact, that yes, China is very hostile to Western businesses. Etalon also means standard, benchmark data, other instances are compared to this one. Originally from French. I don't want to spoil your day, but do you realize that you have no idea, what runs on the broadband core of your HTC (Samsung, Motorola, whatever) phone? That's the core that boots first and then loads SPL on your application processor. Just like G4 and G5 had Altivec, Intel had MMX and SSE. Around the same time too, so it was not something magic for PPC. As a owner of G3 and G4 machines, I can tell you that they were underperfoming. 7450 was slower than equivalent Pentium M (that's what was in PowerBooks and windows laptops at the time). Going back further, 466 MHz G3 couldn't keep decoding divx movie at SD resolution. 400 MHz P2 or 433 MHz celeron had no problems. Or none of the above. VIA has close ties with HTC. Apple fired salvo against HTC, considering it weak. So maybe it is not so weak after all. Edit: To illustrate the close ties: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cher_Wang The articles are about Samsung's first, 7", Froyo based tab. The 10.1 and 8.9 Honeycomb tabs are selling so well, that they are nowhere in stock (you are given about week delivery time on order). And yes, that's in Europe, German judges have jurisdiction only in Germany, nowhere else. Windows uses two modes for USB devices - cached and uncached. When you plug USB stick, it is uncached by default. It was done this way, because most users do not bother with disconnecting the device and just pull the stick from USB port (and then they are surprised, that their files are not there). You can change the defaults in device properties, if you want caching on USB stick. I can show you an USB stick, that is slower than 2 MB/s. :( You can't do time-based caching like this. Block is either written, or it is not. When you flush your cache, you don't know how long it will take. Even if your cache it is only fraction of second old. That's why there used to be performance problems in apps with fsync(). Chrome does not update the running exe - it makes a new copy in another directory. Then the launcher checks for latest directory and runs that. Existing executables are not modified. Only created and deleted. Consider it ~/bin, on Unices, it is a standard way to do user installations. If there was system-wide vendor neutral update mechanism, (like apt in Debian/Ubuntu, for example), I'm sure that Chrome team would use it in place of their own home-grown solution. There was time, when desktops had 640x480, 800x600 and 1024x768 (heck, the currently most sold 1366x768 is not that different), which is similar to today's smartphones. They had also much bigger diagonal/lower dpi, so there was actually less leeway and every pixel counted. OK. There were also 640x400, 640x350 (EGA) and 1280x1024. Under Windows, also "Small fonts" and "Large fonts", which changed size of controls, but not bitmaps. Each of these options gives you something. Focusing on single resolution (or fixed-number multiples) is short signed, almost like basing your's OS binary API on soon-to-be obsolete and unstable C++ ABI (I'm taking shots at BeOS - they took the easy solution at the beginning and what problems it caused). Especially when the system has the tools to handle the differences. Well, one reason that forces itself is, that the 'value' part is not homogenous, primitive type. It is often kind of tree or graph, with possibly different branches for each key. Looking at battery use statistics in my phone: Voice calls - 33% Android System - 13% Maps - 12% Display - 11% Dialer - 11% Youtube - 10% Cell standby - 7% Phone idle - 4% Camera - 3% The display does not seem to be particularly bad. WCDMA is basis for UMTS, which is also called 3G. Plain-old GSM (2G and EDGE) is TDMA-based. Actually, my first thought when reading this blog post was "oh no, it's C vs. hand-tunes assembly again." We know, how that ended up. CPU+GPU wise iPhone 4S is lacking. There are phones on the market right now with Exynos at 1.2 GHz (Exynos is basically A5 minus Apple logo), which is in part reason for the disappointment with 4S. Still does not explain what it does. From your excerpt: - the platform now supports Android, - it worked on iOS before too, - the process on Android is similar to iOS, - it's easy. But it still does not answer the question: what it is? Few more clicks and I found it: you can design REST API, integrates notifications, analytics and social platforms. I guess it has its niche, someone may be interested in this, but hardly most Android developers. Here: http://www.androidpatterns.com/ LG Prada was first presented in September 2006, so you could add another 90 days to the 25 figure. That's one interpretation. Do not forget, that Apple has attitude "users do not know what they want, they will take what we offer". You don't know, whether users would be better off with multitasking or not, because you can't compare these two scenarios. Sure, you don't need multitasking for checking in with Foursquare. You pretty much need for Location or Tasker. IOS users are not aware, that such applications exists and they are not missing them. If they would be used to them, they would miss it. Same with Swype and other apps available on Android. For offline navigation, I'm using Sygic Aura. Sure, it is extra 50 EUR for maps of Europe and takes almost 2 gigs on your SD card, but you don't need to precache anything, it just works just GPS gadget. I can vouch for ZTE Blade. It is a a very nice, cheap phone. Does everything I need, despite being ARMv6. It was 100 GBP for me (got the OLED one) and I'm not afraid that I will lose or damage it. Btw., Nexus S is around 260 EUR today (retail, unlocked, no contract). The rep lied to you, he wanted to sell you postpaid. Better commision for him. Network-wise, the difference is in the billing backend, not in the towers or coverage. Many iPhones are used as feature phones too. Their owners want to show off, but use it just for calling and maybe texting. Many iPhones are used as feature phones too. Their owners want to show off, but use it just for calling and maybe texting. Why is this guy modded down? That's exactly what was needed! The opt-in is basically saying, that either recommended or minimum OS version for your app is Ice Cream Sandwich. You do not switch the acceleration on or off, you say in the manifest, that you are aware of the platform. There is also nothing for Google in such a move. They already have GTalk, complete with audio & video. Samsung does not have any button: http://www.engadget.com/photos/samsung-galaxy-tab-10-1-unbox... The difference is that 3GS is still being sold. N1 wasn't available on shelves well over one year. That's why this entire topic is a tempest in the teapot. Only us geeks and computer enthusiasts care about firmware updates. In real life, I know many people who are satisfied with their Android 1.6, 2.1 and iOS 3.x. These people, even if they know that upgrade is available won't bother. The existing device with it's current firmware works for them, so why change it. Yes, ICS solves that. Even if the apk is installed in system partition (that means you can't uninstall it), you can mark it hidden and the system will never take it into account at startup, intent broadcast or in other situations. It is as good as removed (except that it physically can't be removed, because you may want to restore the phone to factory settings). Enterprises don't care about device support life. They care, if the phone will survive for about two years. Then the employees will start bug you, that they want new gadget (I know, we have several hundred of them...). Could you also make a chart showing, how long the phone is supported after it stops selling? For example, 3G was being sold up until iPhone 4 introduction, but the iOS4 was the last update it has seen. Similarly, 3GS is still being sold, but that does not mean that it will be supported for next three years. It may or may not be done. Samsung products tend to support codecs that vanilla Android does not support. As of 2.3.7 (latest published source), it is not in the source tree. Check, if the Settings | Accounts and Sync | your gmail account | Sync Gmail setting is turned on. If it is, the Android app has no problem with push email. It has worked for me since G1. It sync since 1.0; three years ago I used it with G1 and it worked fine. There is no older version, that was made public. GP has either disabled sync, or is trolling. Probably dart to dalvik and dart to js and united APIs, so you will be able to make single-source apps for web and for android. They do, Tegra 2, 3 and OMAP4 decode VP8 in hardware. The installation from non-market sources is disabled by default. The users have to go to settings and check the checkbox allowing side-loading of applications. So they will not install it by accident, it has to be wilfully. If you like to scroll checker board, then yes, the 1st gen iPhone is very smooth. There are big assumptions. Preference for lag or artifacts is subjective (for example, the checkerboard drives me nuts; I prefer occasional shutter). Users will chalk up the checkerboard to device too, as they never seen anything similar on any other device. Just like canvas tag, right? Hello, thanks for the reply. Yes, I was a bit snarky in mine, but didn't intend to troll. I was just an user, when the canvas tag appeared. I remember, that it was available for Safari and Dashboard on OSX, and then later in other browsers. I also remember, that at the time, Apple started to assert patents on it. Dart's imlementation is harder, I also agree. However, what I see from Google at this stage is call for cooperation to shape the language, not something that is done and the others have to accept as-is. The call may be considered even more public than whatwg mailing list. And yes, I agree that the complexity of integrating another VM into existing engines may kill it in the end. I actually do not like some design goals of Dart, but I understand, that there is demand for Java-like language in browser and that there is impedance mismatch between Java/GWT on one hand and JS in browsers on the other, that Dart intends to solve. The development part of upgrades is not a problem, neither resources or time-wise. The real problem are certifications. Alternative firmware developers like Cyanogen or MIUI do not have bother with this, they are not selling products based on their software, but phone vendors have to go through them. This is the big sink of money and time. Recently, there were articles by Motorola and Sony Ericcson, that shed a little bit of light on this topic. Because if the used the word sold, the Internets would be full of people claiming, that the products were just hauled from factories to sellers warehouses, where they are sitting and not being bought by anyone. Most companies have no problem buying a new fleet of phones every two years. Especially when the price is in the general area of office consumables. Just the battery in the phone will last barely two years and you'll spare yourself a lot of troubles by buying new phones. There are many criteria that allow you to judge an product better or worse. The selection of these criteria and their weight in your decision process are subjective. So please do not post absolutism like you did, when according to many people (and their subjective assessment) the competing products are better and would argue with you, that WP is worse. 12 hours? What are you doing? Playing games all the time? I can go 2-3 days with mine, 6 days with umts data off. Could you please stop propagating the myth, that android stole anything from ios? Thank you. Me neither, Ubuntu with XBMC on Atom with ION was pretty much plug and play experience for me. Google doesn't even do that. They are not using Apache VM. They are using their own Dalvik VM, which is not even compatible with Java VM. It uses their own opcodes. What they use though, is Apache Harmony - the library, that is reimplementation of java.* packages. Any Android app is compiled using using javac (or other compiler, producing class files) and then converted using Google's dex tool to be runnable by Dalvik. Android OS in unable to run untouched .class/.jar apps. I'm sure that's correct. Sure, you can take jar file compiled using JDK's javac (actually, most android apps are compiled using JDK's javac), but you can't run it on device. You have to run it through dx tool, which combines all class and jar files and converts them into dex file. With different instructions than JVM. We could go forever discussing "If X didn't". Telcos are getting whatever they started. If they wouldn't kill WAP OTA-Push (OMA-WAP-TS-PushOTA-V2_1-20051122-C) 10 years ago, they wouldn't have their network overloaded today, because you would not need long-living TCP connections. (Similarly, if they wouldn't kill E.164 ENUM, they wouldn't have problems with phone numbers migrating among providers. History is full of examples of telco shortsightness). Fructose is 'toxic' the same way as alcohol. The metabolising process in liver is quite similar. You should really be careful about your fructose without fibre intake. Zimbra has a very heavy feel (it is more Outlook than usable client) and the mobile support is not a part of the open source edition. Qualcomm is the same as Nvidia. If you want documented chip, there is only TI OMAP or Samsung Exynos (partially documented). Snapdragon or Tegra are both the same way. Also I'm wondering, why people expect anything open based on ARM platform. For ARM, even the platform programmer's manuals are not freely available. On the other hand, Intel for example, was always publishing documentation. I'm sure there is an amount of 10.5 users... (Looking at my old PB12.). Yes, apks are also signed, but the key generation is up to you. It's no problem to use self generated keys, it just has to be the same key across different versions of the same app. Dynamically linked libraries are actually a little problem in Go. Library is opened via dlopen()/LoadLibrary() and symbols needed are looked up by the Go code, not by system dynamic linker. Go does not use native dynamic linker. Please check package syscall, specifically src/pkg/syscall/dll_windows.go. You will see for yourself, how it is implemented. The 2 TB drive is not standard height, it is 21 mm (with four plates). Standard that fits into laptop is 9 mm. Piece of advice: get the standalone IR (or BT) remote. Not only you will have haptic feedback mentioned by skeletonjelly, but the battery will last months and, the most important thing, you can wake up the HTPC from sleep (yes, you can use WOL with the Android remote, but it takes too long). Another alternative is to get HDMI CEC-USB adapter and use remote from your telly for control. Pricewise, they are about the same as remotes. I think that sohn's point is not that PhoneGap/Titanium/etc are more popular than they really are, but that most iOS apps are really written in C/C++ with only thin shim to interface with iOS where necessary (think games portable to other platforms). Which app does this? I haven't seen an app that does such thing. Android UI framework takes care of this. He passed on many ideas, just to come back two weeks later to the same people with just the same idea and pitching it as the greatest thing known to man. Just because he considered it shit once dies not mean that he wouldn't change his opinion later. Android virtual machine is not jvm, why do you think it makes them naive or stupid? Does it also make Microsoft naive or stupid, when they designed CLR VM for Windows Phone? Google does not pay royalties for Android, and neither does Motorola or Sony. Notice that only vendors that also sell Windows pay the royalty. Most of Google apps use SPDY, but for some reason, ipv6.google.com does not. When the switch between GCC 2.x and 3.0 happened, the big new thing was 'industry standard' C++ ABI (called Itanium ABI, as el_presidente mentioned). "Downloading the Android SDK" is actually not a dozen steps of installs and updates. It involves downloading one archive, unpacking it, running the SDK manager, checking checkboxes for target platforms you want to develop for and waiting for a couple of minutes, until it downloads. You can also set-up emulator devices for the different platforms. That's quite a short of complications you speak of. When iTunes came out, there was no way to buy music with it either. It was that way for several years. Adding to that, when iTunes came out, most people didn't put any thought into ID3 tags. When they imported their music, their library became one big mess. So much for ease of use for end users. > iOS was incredibly open compared with predecessors. Not true. The first two releases of Series 60 were wide open, you could develop whatever you wanted. The third one required certificate signing, so it was as much "open" as iOS. Windows Mobile had optional signing. In effect, it was wide open for development too. That was all several years before iOS. Windows installation has been not fine by any stretch of imagination. It still has the same problems: 1) It is third party service, not provided by system (yes, I know about Microsoft Installer); it is up to the application vendors what they will use, 2) Installers can litter in the system, wherever they want (see your complaint about Start menu), 3) No 100% working uninstallation and/or repair, you will end-up with installers damaging your system and having to reinstall (even Microsoft ones; how the heck do I get rid of CJK IMEs, that Proofing Tools for Office 2010 "helpfully" installed?), 4) No update service, you end up with many updaters slowing down your system, 5) and many more. If you think, that Windows installation is fine - have you ever seen install systems on other OSes? Note how Motorola and Sony do not pay Microsoft for using Android. All the other Android vendors license Windows for some other area of their business. These two do not and Microsoft has no leverage to force them. (Yes, I know about Microsoft suing Motorola and Motorola suing Microsoft back). While I'm not the original poster, I'm in similar situation and I hope someone at Google is listening (for next Nexus): - Hardware: S3 has better hardware. (I know, GN is 6 months old. We are comparing from the POV of today's purchase though). The camera also cannot compete to it's contemporaries. GN is more related to S2 than S3. Given that outside States, S2 was available for 6 months before GN, there was never a reason to upgrade to GN. - Limitations: where I live, GSM GN is available only in 16GB version. S3 is 32GB + MicroSD slot. My current phone (Xperia Arc) has an 32GB card in the slot currently. Do you think that I would buy new phone with less memory than my current one? (That was rethorical, of course not). I do not have problem to be MTP only, but 32GB is minimum to be acceptable. At the end of the year, 64GB will be minimum. Looking at available phones, the killer would be combination of HTC's One X design, finish and build quality, S3's hardware and GN's stock android upgraded by Google. However, no such thing is available :(. Right now, they can't make WP7 device on par with One X or GS3. Not because nobody is willing, but due to compromises MS has chosen, when they developed WP7. Do you remember, that the big selling point of WP was that you do not have problem with system upgrade? That you do not have to wait for system updates from vendors, because MS can push them directly? Well, it turns out, that they can do it because they support only one design - one SoC (Qualcomm Snapdragon), two screen resolutions ("big" 800x480 and "small" 320x480), etc. So basically, all phones are the same, just in different cases, with different logos. One one hand, it gets you direct system updates. On the other hand, it loses the competition in hardware, that pushes vendors to bring new products to the market. What's in it for NVidia, Samsung, TI, when they cannot use Tegra, Exynos, OMAP in WP7 devices? They will use android, where they can try to better up the competitors. That's why we have One X and GS3, but WP7 is stuck in MSM8xxx land. Your laptop has 10x memory bandwidth of top-end Android phones (and 20x of midrange phones). Double the numbers for desktop. In short, mobile devices are different than laptops/desktops. If you threat them same, your application will suck. Some printer drivers install Helvetica, usually badly hinted (I'm looking at you, HP). As a Thinkpad user/owner, I don't use a trackpad and do not see a point using a trackpad, when I have trackpoint. I have the trackpad permamently disabled, because that little red thinkgy among g, h and b keys beats it so badly, it is not even funny. T400 here with same results - with Ubuntu (12.04) it is hotter than with W7, switchable graphics does not work (works in Intel X4500 mode). This method is simple, but incorrect. Google Play purchases are bound to account, not to device. If you purchase something and then install on your phone and tablet, you get two hits and single purchase, but both copies are legitimate. The thing is, that Office applications on tablets suck. You see, when you use Word/Excel/Powerpoint, your primary interaction is by keyboard, supported by mouse. Exactly the input devices, that tablets do not have! As an Excel jockey during day, I do not want Excel on tablet. I want Excel on notebook (with trackpoint preferably). It is exactly like stealth viruses in DOS, 20 years ago. The problem is not overwriting MBR; the problem is privilege escalation (in this case, ability to install it's own driver without user's knowledge). The operating system has means to make all processes behave. So now Microsoft throws up hands and says, that they cannot make Windows secure? It is factually right, they are separate entities. It's just that one entity is under significant influence of the other. Doesn't change the fact, that yes, they are separate. FRAND does not mean that everyone pays the same absolute amount. Apple does not sue Palm/HP or RIM, because they are not threat. They are almost non-players. The only lawsuit Microsoft had against Android vendor was Barnes and Noble. Which was settled out of court (by investing into B&N to shut them up). Other vendors license things like exFAT and ActiveSync. Some vendors (notably Motorola and Sony) do not pay anything to Microsoft. After being threaten by Apple. I wrote "lawsuit", not "licensors". There was only one lawsuit, and it was settled before information was leaked. Others license voluntarily, but we still don't know, what exactly. It is just educated guess that it is exFAT and ActiveSync, because exact licensing conditions are under NDA. One more reason to use plastic. It is not fragile and absorbs shocks from impact just fine. TeX is an interpreter. It can interpret the user supplied scripts. Interpreters than can run code supplied by user or downloaded from internet are verboten on iOS. What's wrong with the Terminal.app? Except for the fact, that it does not really work? Yeah, for simple stdout/stderr output it is fine, but for medium-sized ncurses apps it is a major PITA. Even Icaza's own Midnight Commander does not work there. It is called Medfield: http://www.anandtech.com/show/5365/intels-medfield-atom-z246... just iterating: for (Object o: collection) { } causes memory allocation. If you are interested, android team at had several talks at Google I/O (not just 2012) about optimizing memory usage. > If you don't like the way a company is legally and ethically running it's business, then change the law. Don't boycott the company who is succeeding best at working within the framework provided. "Vote with your wallet" is a valid strategy. Just because the company you like is at the receiving end, does not change it's validity. Galaxy S3/Note/Nexus have nothing in common with Apple R&D. Just because Samsung is providing better mousetrap to the market does not mean that it is riding on Apple. Btw, the first cellphone was made by Motorola. The first cellphone with MP3 player was made by Samsung. Is Apple riding their R&D? Google actually made quite significant changes to Linux kernel (Binder, ashmem, alarm timers, wake-locks, adb gadget support, userspace gpio, paranoid networking, etc) to make it work. So yes, it could run on another kernel, provided they would be allowed to make such changes on it too. Actually, most Android users (scratch that, most cellphone users) do not care about updates at all. I've seen "normal users" with notification icon about update available and what they do? Ignore it. (To add, in Sony Ericsson's case, the notification is non-dismissable. Their biggest concern was, how to make it disappear. They didn't want to run the update; "the current software is fine"). Only iOS users regularly update. Windows Phone was also sold only to enthusiasts, who had to update to Mango, as the platform matured. Other cellphone platforms users do not update, even if they can. In some cases, they cannot and they are used to that (e.g. Symbian). Windows and OSX are desktop systems, and not all of their owners update. Witness the prevalence of XP and 10.5 in the wild. You don't have to open the Play Store. It checks in background for app updates. You are right, when taking anectodes into account, I have such users around me. Even those, who are capable of OTA updates, they often don't (if your monthly limit is 1GB of data, you are not going to burn it on update). It may be difficult to accept on HN, but really, mainstream users do not care about firmware updates. It is actually net negative for them. They have a device they are using and the update changes the behavior, that they are used to. I think that the term "Airport lavatory signage" is quite fitting. It is quite pleasing, does the job, but does not excite anyone. People like it, but do not love it. Just like the old Android design, before Holo. That's rapidly changing: http://www.swiftkey.net/android-catching-up-with-iphone-on-p... They are removing physical buttons, not buttons per se. They are still on the bottom of the display, always in the same place, with the same functionality. And it does not play nice with aluminium casing. It is basically mutually exclusive choice. The support library allows you to use features of newer system releases on older systems. See also GDI+ for Win98/NT4 or Windows feature packs for example. The API changing game is another problem - it does not allow you to use existing application with newer system. As far as I know, this does not happen on Android (for now). That's because AMD cores were not independently developed from scratch. Cyrix core, on the other hand, was. They never oficially licensed x86 and the problems between Intel and Cyrix ended as out of court settlement to save Intel's face. While you are on your high horse: go to Settings | Location access and note the description below Wi-Fi & mobile network location item. Also note the checkbox on the right. I remember that the system asked about it first time it needed location (and every time you turn this option on). The downside is that Google Now does not work without it. Yes, but then you have basically ARM laptop, just with more standalone parts and with worse usability as a real laptop. On tablet? No. Office requires high precision input devices (i.e. keyboard and mouse), which are precisely the devices that tablets do not have. Tablets are consumption devices; for productivity, you will still want laptop or desktop - without Metro. Transformer Prime owner here. It has a detachable keyboard, that while quite nice (it is a battery too, so no balancing problems!) is still a far cry from a keyboard on a proper laptop. (Btw., keyboard on Thinkpad X230 rocks, despite being chicklet). I'm working daily with Excel. If someone in IT would have the crazy idea to buy us tablets (even Surface) for that work, we would beat them with it. That's why I see the "Office on RT" as hyped nonsense. That would be OK, except that Windows RT does not run Windows software. It runs only software from MS App Store, i.e. Metro apps plus preinstalled Office. That's it. iPad and Android tablets have much more software available. "That's it" is in the context "(people) want to run Windows software on it". Existing, Win32 desktop software that people are used to. This part is not going to happen. And sorry, office on tablet is not a big deal. You will understand, when you will have to use it. It is the same reason, why PC tablets were not successful - the usability is way worse than existing solution. Corporate is more conservative with putting money into something, that will not bring tangible benefits. In many companies still have process for deciding, whether someone needs laptop or desktop will do. Yes, the difference may be 50-100 EUR, but multiply that by the size of workforce and you get a serious coin. Consumer market on the other hand is much more emotional. Consumers will buy something without clear reasons, just because they want it. I actually switched my parents from XP to Ubuntu few years ago (because any support would involve travelling). Since then, the most serious problem was yanked ethernet cable. Microsoft never used NSAPI (API that Mozilla, Apple and Opera use) either. They always used ActiveX. After all, the 'N' in 'NSAPI' means 'Netscape'. I think that you are missing the factors why tech savvy users of Android use Android and not iPhone. It is not the vendor of the tech, it is what you can do with it. With WP8, Microsoft copied from Apple exactly those things, that Android users do not want. Thanks, I stand corrected. I just remember, that there were two versions of Flash - ActiveX for IE and NPAPI for all the others. Is is very difficult to find any HW without VP8 support. Android mandates it since 2.3, so since then the SoCs used in mobile devices support it. Only Apple does not support it for political reasons. Just like they never supported Vorbis. Not really. Samsung is lowering deliveries to Apple, instead allocating the capacity to themselves (and Amazon, not for HD displays though). 720p as HD definition will suffice for Amazon. iPad mini has 768 pixels, but the display is 4:3. It will not display 720 lines without distorting the video. Or cropping. To play 16:9, it will be displayed as 1024x576 with black bars at top and bottom. 576 happens to be SD PAL. Well, Sandy Bridge and Ivy Bridge integrated graphics is OK for most users (i.e. not for gamers and engineers, but for most people they are more than they need). Here in Slovakia, Asus sells it directly (without Google) and it is 229 EUR for 16GB version. The upcoming 32GB version is going to be for the same amount and the 32GB+3G version will be 299 EUR. It looks like it is just retailers in Finland who are bloating the price. Not true. In past, there were patented technologies (GIF, MP3) that were allowed to be used freely, until they got widespread. Then the lawyers started asking for the money. It was deliberate strategy, that would not work if the above would be true. In Ubuntu, it's user overridable (i.e. machine owner is in control). In Darwin/OSX, it is not (i.e. machine vendor is in control). Well, it is a Swing app and Swing apps on Linux look atrocious. Especially the font rendering looks like taken from Linux distributions from 10 years ago. When you see this on the first run, it kind of successfully undermines the argument about ridiculous attention to detail. I know that Swing is not under JetBrains' control, but Eclipse looks fine. I switched about 3 years back. I was using PB12 then and PowerPC was already on its way out. I figured that if I have to get new software anyway, I may switch the platforms as well. The Thinkpad T400 I got is still a good machine, 3 years later. So good, that my brother bought himself Thinkpad X230 and is satisfied as well. Gmail's backend is written in Java. The frontend is written in Javascript, it has nothing to do with GWT. Uhm, really? Surface availability is limited to some countries, so good luck with global rollout. Asus (not Google!) on other hand makes N7 available anywhere. Yeah, it will start approach desktop linux share now... Seriously, I'm one of those who bought Windows 8 upgrade. Does not mean I'm using it, after two hours of cursing, Windows 7 was back. Not true. I recently installed Android SDK on a new computer and the SDK manager had bunch of third-party repositories already added. Heck, the hardware acceleration of the emulator under Windows requires Intel's repository for the HAXM installation and x86 images. It didn't work previously. It loaded, but was unusable. However, I think that a big box with notice about unsupported browser and trying about own risk would help more that redirect. Some of us prefer not to wait for our computers. This message was brought to you by Thinkpad T430s. In Powerbook era, the connector on the PSU cable had no stress reliever. As a result, the cable often broke (I went through three of them, until I got third party PSU with proper cable). The thing is, that if you claim warranty on Apple product in Europe, they will take it and you have to wait until mothership ships replacement part. The guy the OP mentions might not turn in the whole computer, but what good it makes when your battery is empty and you don't have another PSU. In related experience, I once had harddrive failure in Powerbook. I had to wait for three weeks, until replacement came, if I wanted to have it serviced under warranty. Or outright buy the replacement part and pay for the service. Of course, I'm no longer Apple customer. "You are doing it wrong". You do not lock the apps by IP, because they run on many different machines in different data centers. What is running on specific machine is dynamic, based on momentary requirements. If you do not want to allow Google Hangouts, use your administrator console. This device, which will be available at the end of March, will come with Android 4.1.2. Meanwhile, 4.2.2 is already out in the wild. HTC's attitude towards updates is not something that I imagine as reasonable time. Don't hold your breath for "fixing" LTE and microsd in Nexuses. LTE is currently a negotiation point in hands of carriers. The price of supporting LTE would be no timely updates (see also Verizon and Sprint Galaxy Nexus). This is something that Google will not compromise about. MicroSD is a slightly different story, it has several problems: UX ones: - most users are confused by two separate storage pools (see the confusion: "I have XY gigabites free on the phone, why can't I install this app?") - the SD card has to be unmounted, when the phone is attached to the computer - that means killing everything, that was launched from the card. Technical: - The MicroSD performance is inferior to eMMC. Legal: - You have to license FAT32 and exFAT (for SDXC) from Microsoft. (Yes, I know that it is technically possible to use different filesystems with SD cards - but that is a decision that would not go very well with mainstream users who just want to connect the phone to their Windows or Apple computer). Depends. The price for moving all the porting effort to Microsoft is inflexibility. For example, WP7 supported only Qualcomm SoC and nothing else. Meanwhile, in the Android world, the vendors (mostly SoC vendors) had to do engineering, but they could use Exynos or Tegra or any other SoC they wanted. Another significant part of the engineering is customization. It is not that we, the geeks, want the manufacturers to customize their Android builds (see the popularity of the Nexus and AOSP builds for other phones). But they have a choice and they chose to do it. In the Windows world, they don't have such a choice. So it is not a black/white. It is a set of compromises and constrains on a curve. It is up to a vendor to pick the optimal point, after weighting costs and benefits. I'm using an Android phone without Google. It is business phone, so all the mail-contact-calendar data live on Exchange server, not on Gmail. The only one thing that you really need google account for is the Play Store. If you do not need anything from there or can get the applications from elsewhere, I cannot not see why you could not use Android phone without google account. Switching devices is a feature, not a worry. On laptop/desktop, you know you are working. You don't procrastinate. On tab, you know you are entertaining yourself. You are in "definitely not working" mode. Surface Pro breaks this paradigm. Well, you pay taxes when you realize the gain (i.e. when you sell the shares). Until then, it is only theoretical and there is nothing to tax (the share price can also go down, not only up). Another POV is, that when company pays dividends, they are not sure what to do with the money, they have nothing interesting in pipeline and therefore they can not provide better return on investment than the investors individually can. If you granted the root permissions to a malicious app, you've got much bigger problems than cleartext passwords in private file. If you didn't grant the root permissions to a malicious app, why do you care, how it is stored? No other app can access it anyway and any obfuscation would be good only for complexity's sake. Exploits can be used to privilege escalation on all platforms, that's not Android specific thing. Adding to that, Android vendors are not that bad in fixing exploits. I had two devices (Sony phone and Asus tablet) that were always fixed before the exploit got widely known. I could not root them (yes, I wanted to do it without unlocking) if I updated as soon as the updates were available. With SEAndroid getting into stock Android, even that is going to be a thing of past. The example you posted is about the same as PC keyboard without keypad or with arrows/pgup-pgdn-home-end-insert-delete block in nonstandard places. Completely non-issue in both Windows and Android. Care to substantiate? In not just my experience, the Linux kernel is wastly superior to NT one. Yes, they do, but it is shared, copy-on-write (read-only for .text), meaning that although each running process has it mapped into its memory space, there is only one copy in physical RAM. Yup, Kia/Hyundai are from Korea, and the cars sold in EU are also made in EU. When I'm at home, I'm also pretty happy with both voice and data package. However, I'm not at home right now and the roaming charges are outrageous. Forget about data (25 MB for 2 EUR?) and the voice also isn't something to write home about. Btw, UK HNers: could someone of you recommend data SIM of about half a gig, but one that is valid for one week and then I can forget about it? The operators I tried to ask were not happy to offer something non-recurring. No, just the usual suspects (O2, Vodafone). I'll try this, thanks. EDIT: oh, it looks like you have to order the SIM online and they send it to you. Not sure if it will make it, I'm leaving at Friday :(. Maybe just to have it ready for next visit. O2, while it is prepaid, has monthly pricing structure. It is not quite standard pay&go sim (they have the exact pricing structure in my home country. It is good plan, but not for visitors). Anyway, thank you. I don't know about US, but here in Europe, companies and entrepreneurs pay so called "road tax", a compulsory amount for each vehicle in their fleet. For commercial vehicles and buses, it is a pretty nice sum. That gives them right to use the roads. In this case, the Google bus is no different than other private bus or shuttle. AFAIK, Sony is still there: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_rootkit The DOS -> W96 -> NT transition didn't break compatibility. You can still run your DOS programs on your Win8 machine[1]. Powerbooks and iBooks, on the other hand, are paperweights today. Machines made in 2005 should be usable today (and indeed, the '05 Windows machines are still usable today). [1] with Dosbox or virtualization, but that's not the point. Any similar measure is not available to run your m68k, ppc/classic or ppc/osx applications.