You know I think that this means that people should probably think twice before basing a startup on a feature or technology that Google could easily implement. By implement, I mean either have their engineers hack out, or buy. To assume that they will buy it from you is foolish by the way. I'm looking at you two GUBA and Revver, but I may as well be talking about every web 2.0 startup I've had the misfortune of having to look at in the past 12 months. Are there ANY original thinkers out there? Where are you at? Money is waiting for you. I would like, for once, for three kids to come up to me and say that they have World of Warcraft or Second Life running with full 3D hardware acceleration inside of the browser. WITHOUT A GAD BLESSED PLUGIN OR SECURITY WARNING!!! This would be something compelling that is difficult to implement. It is also something that would take people more than 2 weeks to duplicate. Think of it this way, how many people get rich anymore by writing say, IDE's? None, because we all use what Microsoft, Adobe, or Eclipse gives us, for FREE? The same thing will happen very soon with social networking, it will be included with your hosting. Probably by leveraging open source. So everyone will be able to start a story telling site with photo uploading for illustration and social features. However, I think it will be more difficult for someone to make a web based Joost with television recording and social features. So if you can, your asking price just went WAY up kid. The things I have outlined are hard, and that is the point. If I invest in something, I don't want to hear about 35 other startups doing the exact same thing. I'm not just talking about the web 2.0 people here. You would not believe the number of 'Second Life' knockoffs that are about to hit the market. They all expect that 3 to 30 million people will download and install their plugin, or click 'Yes' on their security warning. You know, the one to give this startup you never heard of FULL access to your machine. That's OK though they tell me, because they only need to get the early adopters to spread the word. The TECH SAVVY early adopters. Yeah, you heard me right, the ones MOST likely to know NOT to give a startup they've never heard of full access to their machines! If ANYONE can find a tech startup that doesn't infringe copyrights and actually has technology that would take a minute to develop, I think I would fall over from shock. Sorry about this rant. Just in the office on a Sunday looking at knockoff after knockoff. But hey, I just work for consultants for investors, it's not my money. It is frustrating that no one wants to listen to the minority report though. Dreamweaver is not successful. Analyse Dreamweaver's cost/profit ratio. Remember, Dreamweaver is boxed and sold at retail. The advent of AJAX gave Dreamweaver a little more life, since to make an impressive AJAX page requires a ridiculous amount of not very well structured code. Keeping track of not very well structured code is what IDE's are good at, and what Dreamweaver's target audience is bad at. That said, as a percentage of total revenues, Dreamweaver sucks. Check it out for yourself in Adobe's latest quarterly report: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/sec?s=ADBE Dreamweaver sales were used to bump up the "Developer Solutions" line of the quarterly report. Notice it is a small percentage. This would not be so bad, until you notice that even the line in the quarterly report marked "Other" is bigger! Here's some free advice, do not invest in a startup that plans to make a straight IDE play. Because Eclipse volunteers will be giving it away for free soon. Also, do a search on Expression Studio. It can also be used to make a straight AJAX page without all of the Silverlight CLR garbage. Actually, on a site like Facebook, this idea will obviously be challenged to work AS well as it would on a site like Stardoll or Gaia. That said, the poster is absolutely right, this model is making money hand over fist. For many of these sites, VCs are superfluous. Even Angels are superfluous! I still say that the first kid to come out with a FULLY hardware accelerated 3D game world in the browser WITHOUT security warnings or downloaded plugins will be very rich indeed. If it can be targeted to another market group, do so. If you make, say, tensor analysis software, then your capacity to go after another group is dubious. In this case, it may make sense to go upstream. That is, find out what your customers would use the tensor analysis software for, and offer that service or make that product for your customer's customers. And now for the best option of all, FAIL! You and your startup team were mistaken about something as fundamental as the size of the market you were targeting. Please ponder that fact seriously. Why were you mistaken? Emotional attachment to an idea? "Irrational Exuberance"? Is there reason to believe that decisions taken from this point on will be based upon more factual foundations? Sober answers to all of these questions sound good in interviews for new jobs. Sober answers to these questions sound like music to the ears of Venture Capitalists or Angels when one is starting up a new venture. Fail fast and learn. Then demonstrate that you did so. Wow, Things are developing quickly right now! I know there are a lot of MS detractors here, I still have to say that this software looks like it's for real. I was able to create an address book mash up in 15 minutes. From zero knowledge of what PopFly was, to maps with Flickr photos in them in minutes. I believe a lot of the "ideas" guys out there, who don't have a lot of programming expertise would be well advised to take a look at this. Couple it with Microsoft's hosting and you can probably make compelling sites with little tech expertise. That is, you can make sites as compelling as a lot of the Web 2.0 stuff you see out there, with little tech expertise. Ask.com would be a challenge to build with this, YouTube would be a cinch. You know it is occurring to me as I write this post that we first saw the value of consumer software trend toward zero cost with open source. Then we saw the value of consumer content trending towards zero cost with Napster and later YouTube. I wonder if things like PopFly will make even the value of offering consumer services trend towards zero cost. I am hard pressed to believe that we all can survive on web advertising with 100 other "little guys" doing the exact same thing, only with Microsoft shunting the pure user to their web sites. So if we can charge for very little of this what is left? I guess the model of grabbing the largest audience possible and selling it to Google or Yahoo doesn't look so bad after all. Kid is a good deal more credible than most of the Web 2.0 guys I've listened to. He has a MUCH better idea as well. What? That is a VERY simple assertion relating to something that is a bit more complicated. I think most people here should brush up on the idea of attachment networks, or organizational ecology. I'll give you the short version, the top two companies win where preferential attachment is what determines whether a user stays with you. Of course there are exceptions. For instance, one could be providing information on a web site that would be a challenge to get elsewhere. The Wall Street Journal comes to mind. With these companies, attachment is irrelevant, if a user has a great need for the information s/he MUST go to the Wall Street Journal. Most of the web 2.0 startups I have reviewed, and there have been many, are NECESSARILY based around preferential attachment. I understand this tendency. After all, if startup Y can implement the idea of startup X in less than 3 months time, then startup X will have an issue to deal with. So it is in the interest of startup X to make sure that users prefer them. Add to that the fact that most are banking on providing the user convenient access to his OWN data, and you have the makings of a good number of also rans. I always ask, what happens if the user takes his data elsewhere? "It'll never happen", is usually the answer. I inquire as to the possibility of a recession and a concomitant slow down in internet advertising. Like all of the 25 year old mortgage brokers 4 years ago, most of the founders look at me like I just came from Mars. There is a new economy, get on board or get out of the way. So I walk a little ways off... And wait for the wreck, maybe I can get a good deal on parts. I am of a different opinion than the other posters so far. I believe we are in somewhat of a love fest right now. The number of me-too companies out there keeps growing. I think that the entrepreneurs starting these companies would be well advised to realize that the VC community is actually COUNTING on most of these to fail. So this represents a large number of our brightest young men expending their best efforts on enterprises that everyone accepts will probably ultimately fail. This is concerning for the economists. I was reading on a blog of very good repute this morning about two financing deals that were announced today. One, was for Multiverse. They were given $4.175 million for a post money valuation of right around $10 million. This is familiar to most of us. The second was for HiPiHi. They were given somewhere between $7 Million and $10 Million for a post money valuation of between $70 and $100 Million. Both companies are in the same segment, virtual worlds. Both companies are at the same stage of life. "Why the different valuations?", demanded this blog. HiPiHi is Chinese. Frankly, Chinese entrepreneurs have a better track record with respect to actually having users PAY for their products. EVEN THOUGH THE CHINESE USERS ARE NOTORIOUS PIRATES. Although most of the money was coming from American VCs, the advantage was given to the Chinese team because of this crucial difference. So China's young men are gaining experience building companies, our young men are gaining experience flipping companies. Is there still any hope? Can ANY of you young men see where I'm going with this? It's anyone's guess how the current tech industry story ends. However, from the standpoint of a dispassionate economic analysis it would be thoroughly understandable if it ended poorly. It is my observation that many of the young people who boast about age are gleefully unaware of the horrible failure rate of young, (under 30), entrepreneurs. Many point out the brilliant successes, without mentioning the 100 other young entrepreneurs that failed in the same space. The numbers bare out the indisputable fact that older entrepreneurs will fail less often than younger entrepreneurs. In fact the statistical variance in the success rate is so large that wise VCs and angels actually use age in their models. For instance, if we are advising angels who are want to dabble, but are at heart risk averse, we do swing them over to that 38 year old guy with the new molecular imaging startup. On the other hand when we are advising VCs and angels that are more than just old ladies' investment clubs, we do steer them to the kids. This should not come as a surprise to people. It would be a mistake for young people to think that they are better suited to creating successful startups. They are not. They are better suited to creating MORE startups, of a decidedly lower quality. The older entrepreneur in my illustration will show better judgment at every step of the game when compared to a younger entrepreneur. That includes the first step . . . choosing to create a molecular imaging startup instead of a web 2.0 startup that anyone can copy. Actually, Facebook generates a great deal of revenue via advertising. That said, I will concede that the ad based Web 2.0 business model has yet to be tested in an economic downturn. This is something that could leave a Web 2.0 company at the whim of unscrupulous hedge fund managers in the public markets. If their revenue proves to be susceptible to downturns, it will be a less than happy time for Bay area employees. Still, perhaps these companies will be able to come up with a new revenue generating product line. I know that most Web 2.0 entrepreneurs can trot out a list of other "business models" a mile long. However, the issue with them is that they generate revenue in the millions in 'best case' scenarios. What the markets would be looking for is revenue in the hundreds of millions, or billions. At a MINIMUM tens of millions in the 'worst case' scenarios. I think that Facebook has the best chance of ALL of the Web 2.0 sites to make a run at the public markets. Maybe they can charge the users for access later. Or perhaps they can charge all of the developers for access to the platform API. Maybe they will make contracts with advertisers that span YEARS while the internet ad boom is hot. That way they will still have money to get them through to the next ad boom. There are a lot of things they could do. Yes there is . . . and that's GREAT! The ad boom is fueling extremely high levels of investment in the technology sector. That means more companies started, more people working and ultimately, more wealth created. It also gives companies time to work out all of the missteps they take along the way. Consider everyones golden boys, Google. When a rational and dispassionate analysis is applied to the company, there is cause for some concern. They seem challenged to find a revenue generator other than key word advertising via adSense and adWords. Many things have been out of place with their China strategy. It seems their mobile plans are running into issues with the carriers. Add to all of this a palpable arrogance, and I think it starts to sound like a movie we have all seen before. However, since they are flush with IRRATIONAL internet ad cash, they have time to adjust some things. Starting with their God awful name. Google, sounds great in the West. In Chinese . . . well . . . you want to find a new name for it, lets just put it that way. They used Google though, since "it's an internationally recognized brand." What was I saying about palpable arrogance? They handle Chinese name separation in a fashion that only makes sense to Western Web 2.0 technologists. I could go on and on. The long and the short of it is that Baidu is winning. Enter the internet advertising cash, and Google is able to correct. Whether they will depends entirely on them. My point is . . . Thank The Maker for internet ad booms! They have time to come up with a new revenue generator. Maybe they can get into selling some kind of personal internet agent access. Maybe they can charge developers a fee for using their APIs. Who knows . . . the point is because of the bubble, there is time. They have time to do something about their mobile strategy other than whine "waaahhh . . . but the carriers control everything and they want us to pay to access their wireless networks." Umm . . . yeah . . . the carriers gave the American people billions of dollars for the licenses to those airwaves. That is how it SHOULD work. Big corporations give us money for OUR resources, and we let them use OUR resources. If you want a license we would have given one to you too. But guess what . . . WE WOULD HAVE CHARGED YOU BILLIONS OF DOLLARS! The only thing troubling is that we charged the carriers so little. My taxes could have gone down even more if we had played our cards right. Now again, the internet ad boom gives Google the chance to work this out. And not only Google, but lots of companies now have some breathing room. That is a good thing. Will all of these companies survive and thrive. It's anyone's guess, but because of that money many have a fighting chance. OK . . . I got one. Maybe Facebook is even more clever than I gave them credit for. What if they use the platform to stage different features, all implemented by different companies, and some of these companies are WILDLY successful in charging a price for their product. Facebook could buy these companies or replicate the services and boom, they have another revenue line. Shady, but it works. OK everyone, calm down. Let me explain what these internet companies are asking for. Essentially they want the telecoms to pay us, the American Taxpayers, BILLIONS for access to wireless spectrum. Subsequently, they want these telecoms to be obliged to let them use the same wireless spectrum for free. Did I mention that the wireless spectrum is OURS? That it is the sole property of the American Citizenry? Start standing up for your rights people. Either EVERYONE pays US for access to OUR spectrum, or NO ONE does. Look at it this way, on average, many would say a black guy is more cool than any other guy. That said, if one comes into MY store and wants MY product, he will pay the same price as everyone else. Any other method of operating is known as DISCRIMINATION. If Google wants to use OUR spectrum, they are welcome to bid on it like everyone else. But come here Google . . . a little closer I have to tell you a secret. WE are probably going to charge you a good deal more for usage rights to that spectrum than the telecoms want to charge you to sub-lease it. It's because our government needs the money and . . . Oh who am I kidding . . . I just love sticking it to huge companies like yours. I don't care what the other reasons are. By the way, we also have laws that limit your ability to pass those costs on to the consumers, typically us. That's because WE want to be able to access the spectrum as close to free as possible, even after we sell the usage rights to it. You know why? That's right . . . because it is OUR SPECTRUM! I apologize for this rant. It just seems to me that when a company like F@#K!^& GOOGLE is whining about something like this, the cult of victimization in this nation has officially reached its farcical zenith. The people who started that company, AND the early employees for that matter, have more money than 99.9999999% of us. Yet STILL, they want us to give them even more of the few of our resources that they don't already own for FREE!!! I have to stop working Sundays... Alright, firstly if you read my post I said Google is free to BID on the spectrum like everyone else. It is my hope that these bids run into the BILLIONS, we should get our cut. Secondly, an easement brings down the price for the reasons you outlined. However, there will be NO restrictions on HOW the winners use this spectrum. Only a provision that they let other cheap bastards who are not paying us use the spectrum as well, for FREE. Now as long as EVERYONE pays I am happy. Yet when ONLY the telecoms have to pay, and the internet companies ride for free, the American People are losing money. I spend the summers in Paris, and I can tell you that the American People can ill afford to give things away for free. 1 Euro is about US$1.34 right now. The fact that the price would be lower for this spectrum is EXACTLY what INCENSES me. These people will make BILLIONS, and you want us to let them weasel out of the spectrum fees. They already have a myriad of different options for weaseling out of our ability to tax them on the back end. With all due respect, sir, we must agree to disagree. To everyone else, believe me, I'm wealthy enough. If the majority of us wish to continue to give more and more to the wealthy in exchange for less and less, then that is democracy and I will go along with it. It will benefit me after all. I am simply stating my belief that it is contrary to the interests of other social classes. That's true ! ! ! I wonder how many users will click YES when asked if they would like application info to be displayed in their news feed? Because a prompt screen with that question is coming . . . and the default will be NO. At least let's hope it is a prompt, Facebook may simply choose to disable it. There is a perfect storm right now of too many user complaints about application spam, competitors like Hi5 and numerous others circling, and a desire to go public without an ability to do it until the requisite time has past. A lot can happen in that time frame. I think we can expect Facebook to do whatever their user base asks them to do. Why? Because if those user metrics dip at all prior to the exit attempt they are screwed. Uh ohh . . . I believe that some of these 'analysts' are in need of help with a more full understanding of economics. Particularly the seemingly external factors that turn out to be fundamentals when thinking about economies. Energy inputs necessary to generate 'wealth' for example. What population would be necessary to support that level of economic activity. Keep in mind that the larger your population, the more of your fixed amount of energy resources you will need to do simple support of the population outside of other economic activities. I am somewhat uncertain as to whether this is a misprint, however, I felt compelled to point out that US$6 trillion is an enormous amount of economic activity. By way of comparison, WalMart's revenue is about US$350 billion. Global telecom market sits somewhere between US$1 trillion and US$3 trillion depending on how we count things. The energy inputs that go into supporting this economic activity are mind boggling. Keep in mind that these industries invest a great deal in keeping those energy inputs to a minimum, that is, they invest in 'efficiency'. Still the inputs are incredulous! I suspect energy efficiency is not a strength that Facebook is possessed of. I am fairly confident that this is the point that Warren Buffet would pose a question like will people need more Facebook than food? Maybe they will. I just ask that everyone try to keep in mind everything that needs to happen for Facebook to reach those numbers. Then again . . . Maybe he is factoring in the crash of the US Dollar . . . Never mind. You're right . . . Even with a crash, this is just asinine. It's that midwestern courtesy of mine. It obliges me, at times, to simply point out the deficiencies in arguments for silly positions as opposed to dismissing them out of hand. It is difficult to imagine a scenario culminating in the situation that the analyst postulates. AAarrrggghhh!!! I just did it again!!! Listen to nostrademons. US$6 billion makes more sense. Still a little foolhardy. A projection that goes out 10 years in this industry? Not smart. If you give someone US$1 billion, they cannot hurt WalMart much. I suspect they could hurt Facebook a great deal. Maybe the 'new hotness' will come along, maybe Yahoo! will get their act together, maybe Apple (iPhone) is working on an announcement for the next MacWorld conference, maybe some kid is in his dorm right now about to make the whole social networking thing P2P. The Facebook Fawnfest needs to cool off a bit. This guy must have hit a nerve to generate so much vitriol. I think many of the comments here hit on some good points. I think the blog post we are discussing hits on some good points. It is possible that we are all right. We need to be honest here and admit, however, that the vast majority of the free to use consumer startups that we are seeing will be challenged generate US$1 Billion in revenue a year. Or for that matter, even US$100 Million. That is why there is little talk about taking the majority of them public, because other than as a delivery vector for advertisements, there is scarce value in this crop of startups. To be perfectly frank, these are less than ideal platforms for ad delivery as well. What can be done? We can try other models, and I'm sure many will. There are a boatload of virtual worlds, virtual world platforms, and MMOs coming on line this fall. ALL of them plan on using ads, microtransactions, and subscriptions. They are in the good position of being able to use all three of these at the same time, and all of them will. I predict though that by December all of these companies will have their models DESTROYED by two guys on their couch in boxer shorts developing a FREE virtual world on their laptops while watching SportsCenter and eating ramen. There will be 1000 college students "building portfolios" around the country that will make gigabytes of content for the new LINUX of virtual worlds. It will all be P2P or hosted on Amazon, and it will piss many a VC off. So the only thing these businesses will have left will be advertising. This is the situation web 2.0 is in. People keep investing in the hope that some little twist will be the magic one that brings in the most ad bucks. Charging for these things is not an option, there will be free alternatives if you wait 6 weeks. Even virtual worlds can be duplicated in 6 weeks these days! What can we do? It's easy to point out the holes in what is currently being done, it is much more difficult to offer a WORKABLE solution. The business practices in the web 2.0 space are becoming less and less honorable. In addition to this, I was reading recently about companies who were using Facebook apps to advertise, you guessed it, other Facebook apps. So funded startups pay these funded startups to advertise to Facebook users, who then start using the advertised app. Would be perfectly acceptable, only to date this seems to be the only proven model for generating money from Facebook apps. This is being described by investment circles in the midwest as a new age multi level marketing scheme. That is, if the group you are talking to is gentlemanly. The less gentlemanly circles are calling it a Ponzi scheme. This young man aggregated a very valuable demographic in one place. Over 2 Million prime "hosteling" candidates, and travelers all accessible through his user list. As to the question of whether this is real, I am uncertain. It would be understandable however if it were. What many entrepreneurs realize too late is that acquiring a lot of heterogeneous users quickly is of little value. Acquiring HOMOGENEOUS users is of great value. When all of a sites users are homogeneous, ie travelers, or runners, or 30 year old single women, the number of methods of monetizing them are legion. Monetization of an audience of less than 5 million is more difficult where there is no commonality. This young man chose the simplest monetization method, sell the names. "the Bank of Japan had lowered interest rates to zero . . ." The article goes on to say . . . "The list goes on. Bank lending is on the rise;" I should think so. How is this a good thing? To have the second largest economy on the globe giving away currency that is, for all intents and purposes, free? If China were engaging in this same behavior I can assure you the calls for retaliation coming from the financial centers of the US would be quite deafening. It would take a great deal of time for me to explain this so if you will indulge me, and simply 'take my word for it', I will affirm to you that this state of affairs is sub-optimal for you and I. Assuming, of course, that my audience is composed primarily of non-Japanese consumers. The 0% interest rate is simply one, in a long litany, of less than ideal policies and financial machinations that the article points out. I will concede that it is possible that the rules of Economics have changed. That, perhaps, this 'New Economy' everyone seems enamored of is real, and works. The article's author will forgive me, however, if my own estimation of the current Japanese situation differs from his unabashedly positive one. Kashif, I think you ONLY read the article. Here are todays prime rates . . . Enjoy . . . Prime Rates in Worlds Largest Economies Germany 4.00% US 8.25% Hong Kong (China Stand-In) 8.00% And Your Favorite Apparently... Japan 1.88% Now . . . Which of these nations do you think is playing unfairly? ... Take your time . . . They will need to prove more than that. The people sending the mail have certain fiduciary duties to the shareholders of the corporation. It will take some doing to convince an arbiter or, God forbid, a federal judge, that giving clear text copies of internal corporate communications to a third party is consistent with those obligations. Especially since the EULAs of these services typically oblige an enterprise to use the "...It's OK...they promise not to read it" defense. Even better, an employee of one of these services, quite innocently, sells some of a client corporation's stock. That corporation better hope to whatever they consider Holy that the stock refrains from dropping for a while. SOX makes it a good deal easier to prosecute lots of different parties to the appearance of impropriety. Guilt and innocence goes out the window. What matters is what is LEGAL, and a little something called "burden of proof". In my own opinion, it is so low now that a sick kindergarten age child could hurdle it. Unless you are a VERY good lawyer, or you can afford one, or preferably 10, I would advise you to stay away from any SOX entanglements. Sell the enterprise some software to run on their own servers, DO NOT offer to manage it if you are a startup. That said, if you can afford the battalion of attorneys, move forward with your plans. Keep in mind however, indemnity clauses in the new SOX era means you go to prison WITH them should anything go horribly awry. Without a change in the law that allows them to do so, doctors and lawyers will be creating and editing all of their important documents on private machines and LANs for a good deal longer than 5-8 years. I REALLY appreciate the fact that a forum poster actually took the time to go out and get the numbers relevant to a subject s/he is posting on! A few nit picks: The population numbers for Asians, Blacks, and Latinos DO INDEED include far larger numbers of foreign students than the other numbers, as you were wondering. Not that it makes a difference to the point you were attempting to make. I'm just pointing out that the 'representation' numbers you gave imply that the Asian, Latino or Black populations at Harvard are composed exclusively of native born Americans, I wanted to make clear that they are not. Though I suppose anyone familiar with Harvard would find that to be obvious. With that, I wanted to say that if wealthy, British educated, Africans are more qualified than African-Americans, then why should Harvard not admit them. Same with whites. If Jews are more qualified than non-Jewish whites, then they are the ones who deserve the spot at Harvard. I realize that wealthy people get a pass, and while that is unseemly to me, I cannot claim to find it entirely unexpected. All of this is coming from a Christian Midwesterner from the under-class and a farm state. So conservative that when I'm running the banks they won't pay any interest at all. But if we live in a meritocracy, then we live in a meritocracy. The fact of the matter is that if Harvard and other schools did not make 'allowances' there would be far fewer whites at Harvard than there are right now. I know that it's hard to hear, but there it is. Even at second-tier schools, 'allowances' are made far too often. At the University of Wisconsin, they cut off foreign and out-of-state admissions so that less qualified Wisconsin residents can get some of the spots. As a conservative, I find this EXTREMELY distasteful. Recently, a friend of a friend introduced me to a young man who is developing some interesting software. REALLY interesting stuff. During the demo I was floored at how much more advanced it was than anything currently on the web. The young man's presentation panache was second to none as well. You see, he went to his website on MY MacBook demonstrating at once his confidence in his virtual world platform's ability to run in arbitrary browsers, AND the fact that it supports MacOSX without stating it! Who IS this kid!?!? I thought. I am ashamed to say that I was shocked. Oh the software he described was straight forward enough. Though admittedly my eyes did glaze over during his explanation of some of the algorithms behind his system. This type of minutia was NOT something I needed to know. A simple "This demos our booty physics" engine is fine, I get it. What REALLY got me, yes even SHOCKED me, was the fact that all of this was coming from a person who, if I saw he and his friends on the street, would probably have prompted me to double check my car locks. Maybe that is a little bit of an exaggeration but you get the idea. How does a black kid, t-shirt, necklace, sweatpants and all, understand these technologies so well? Now before you call me racist, realize that this kid had been shopping around a LOT. Even so, I am the ONLY person, so far, to have invited him to give a presentation. At least I gave him a chance, and I am ecstatic that I did! As I have too much respect for a lot of people on these boards to sport with your intellect any longer than necessary I will come to the point. Though, being so intelligent, I am certain that for many of you I have already made it. How does this young man, with intelligence, ambition, and persistence, become successful in our society if "a company should be able to hire or fire whomever they like for whatever reason"? Attitudes like that are what leave him, and others like him, on the outside looking in most of the time now. I believe that we live in a society with a color-blind ideal. I also believe that MANY young men, like the young man in my story, suffer due to our failure to live up to it. As do women. As do the aged. I agree wholeheartedly agree with the first part of your post. Finding, and exploiting inefficiency is what my role is all about. No question. The last part of your post has a few things in it that I have to take issue with. Firstly, giving this guy money is NOT what I do. I invest in companies. I think investing in companies is the best way to exploit inefficiencies. Secondly, simply investing in a company with good people, and good technology at a good price is part of "cleaning up" as you put it, but it is at times insufficient to the cause. Now I could list GUBA, Revver etcetera here, but I believe you get the point. Lastly, take a quick scan through the comments in this thread. You will notice, in very short order, that yours is the only one containing profanity. You will get a lot further in life if you do yourself the goodness of presenting yourself in a favorable light to others. Even when you disagree. One more thing, my job is analysis. I look at, and analyze, data in a dispassionate fashion. Then I give a yea or nay. Normally it is with an eye towards advising other investors. In this case, I put a little of my own scratch on the table. My business depends on reputation, I do not lie. I do not omit. I do not aggrandize. Let me say now that given the attitudes of people like you, I hope, for the sake of more than my investment, that this guy is successful in a fashion that forces others to recognize that the existence of people like him is possible. All other things being equal, I would agree with you. I am intimating that, perhaps, all other things are not equal. The guy in the article seems, to me, as though he has a case. I think that the behaviors and statements outlined indicate a hostile work environment. As to the question of the guy in my story, if we follow your logic, that "any smart company will hire him", then we would have to conclude that the majority of the people and organizations that he attempted to approach prior to me are "not smart". I am not so important or well known that I would be very high on the list of your average entrepreneur shopping around his idea. That is why I have to keep an eye on the forum users at places like news.YC, it allows me to potentially contact some bright kids at VERY early stages to see what they are about. I say that so that you realize that this kid tried to go to a large number of places before he was reduced to making desperation pitches to people like me. So I think it is a little idealistic to assume that he would have been "hired", or "invested in", in any case. As a matter of fact . . . I did :) He didn't call me grandma though . . . He said, "people don't care about that kinda stuff anymore" I asked, "If that were true do you think you would be without investors right now?" Wow! I'm flattered that someone took the time to go through my comment history. My web presence is currently limited to my forum user's accounts at news.YC, TechCrunch, and the like. The idea of a blog occurred to me briefly when we decided to start looking at consumer startups. However, we determined there to be many blogs already in existence doing an excellent job of providing coverage of the space. It was doubtful that we would create a large enough audience from which to select clients. All that said, the idea of a personal blog has been pitched to me. Recently the requests have been coming more and more often. So perhaps at some point in the future. Right now I am so busy that I am staying in touch with the office on the weekends. I would like to actually put thought into blog posts for a personal blog, and not have it be these more off-the-cuff brainstorms that I post to the forums. Thanks again for the interest. Is there a feature on this site that will allow me to send you my email on a private channel? VERY good point. OK you should receive it shortly. You know the issue with getting people to subscribe to Americanism around the world is the way we go about it. Chinese culture, for example, is just as hegemonic as our culture is. I was in Dakkar, and I could go to a Chinese restaurant. It is getting that way across sub-saharan Africa as well, the Chinese are everywhere. Even in Zimbabwe people love Jet Li, Jackie Chan and Chow Yun-Fat. The story is the same in South America or Eastern Europe. Yet everyone hates us, and can't wait to learn more about China. Why? I travel a lot and have struggled with that question. I am frustrated because I am challenged to think up a reasonable answer to it. I think part of the reason though is the difference in the messages. The West, and the Arabic world for that matter, send messages like the one in this article, 'Our way is better because look at how the other way sucks'. Where as the Chinese or the Japanese send messages like 'Our way is better because we do x, y, and z'. The focus of their message is ALWAYS on their own positive values. If they had their way, the developing world be oblivious to the very existence of America and the West or Christianity, Islam and the Middle East. Articles like this encourage people to go out and get more information on Che. The flip side of that is that they invariably come across information on Batista. Then, at the next dinner party, they are fairly well informed on why the Cubans would turn to iron-fisted despots like Che and Castro to improve their lots. Then you end up trying to argue that the United States would never again get in the business of forcibly maintaining the power of a system like the one that existed in Cuba prior to Castro. And they, rightfully, point to George and Condi and ask if you really believe that. I am without answers. I am frustrated. And I am saddened. I know that there are people in the United States who have what many would consider to be wise values. Respect for others, quiet confidence, wisdom enough to properly weigh the need for strength, flexibility, and balance in most situations. What escapes me is that, somehow, what bubbles to the top are people who preside over profligate spending, gross neglect and DISRESPECT of others (Katrina), and the careless employ of strength without regard to flexibility or balance. We are trying to win hearts and minds. Our leaders of the past 20 or 30 years have made it necessary for us to write articles like this. They have made it necessary for us to send 160000 guys with guns to 'win' those hearts and minds. I don't know much about how hearts and minds are won, that said, it seems to me that something is woefully out of place. The spread of pop culture is one of the reasons that many anti-American zealots latch onto as justification. So yes, Schwarzenegger, Michael Jackson, McDonald's and Starbucks, they all have a great deal to do with the perceived American cultural hegemony. As Jet Li, Jackie Chan and, foolish as it may seem, Chinese restaurants, all have a great deal to do with Chinese cultural hegemony. The question that confuses me is this. Why worry ONLY about American cultural hegemony, when CLEARLY the Chinese cultural hegemony is also an issue? Why worry ONLY about American cultural hegemony, when Japanese cultural hegemony is also an issue? I maintain that there is something subtle here that we are somehow missing. There HAS to be. Why do the French blow up McDonald's and not the restaurants in the Chinese section of Paris over by Le Marais? There are as many instructors of Chinese martial arts in Munich as there are hip hop clubs. Why single us out? There are MORE girls playing with Tomagotchis than there are listening to Hannah Montana. Why does she need so much more security? Everything you wrote in your post as touching China is (somewhat) factual. Yet most non-Americans consider the United States and Iran to be the prime threats to global peace. Why? In short, what I am saying is that none of this makes sense to me. That this situation is very disconcerting. If there are non-Americans reading this thread, I would REALLY like your opinion on these matters. Just as an example. This reply by ph0rque is just the type of response we invite when we point out the shortcomings of others to prove a point. Just to dig a little deeper I wanted to ask a few questions. I assume you are Franco-American. Is this true? Secondly, I am certain that you are aware that your own leaders are rattling the sabers for war with Iran right now as well. Why is it that the French would elect Sarko, and continue to bash Bush? (I am no friend of Bush by the way, it's just something I have been wondering). Next, you say that you love our culture, and from what I see in Paris I would have to agree. You also seem a little sino-phillic as well, with martial arts, Chinese medicine, and the Chinese film industry doing as well as it is in France. Would it be fair to say then that CULTURAL hegemony, either American or Chinese, is not what is so galling to the rest of the world. Rather the, military hegemony in the case of the US, and the financial hegemony, in the case of Japan and China? Do you believe it is the military and financial hegemonies that spook others? Lastly, the wording of my post was probably poor. When I said that the French blow up McDonald's restaurants, I was referring to the incident in Brittany. I only mentioned Paris because I wanted to point out a well known place, in a well known city where another cultural hegemony had a foothold. I think that is part of it, but Hollywood does not explain all of it. Chow Yun-Fat was big in Europe long before 'Anna and the King'. When we put him into video games, we put him in the roles that he played in his HK films, the roles that he played in his american films were far less memorable. Zhang Ziyi is an amazing actress and the world knows this because of 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon', though 'Rush Hour 2' was really good, as you said. And women the world over LOVE the film '2046'. I take that DVD with me where ever I go, in case I get a date. It is ALWAYS a winner. With a name like 'caligula' you should make sure this movie is in your collection too. Having been obliged to eat at crappy Chinese restaurants from China Town in Havana, Cuba to Hong Kong, I have to say that it all tastes the same to me. That said, I am sure if I set my sites on the higher end restaurants I would probably find the difference in the 'experience' that you spoke about. I think maybe you might be right about Hollywood pushing martial arts though. This still leaves open the question of the worldwide fixation with things like Chinese medicines for example. Thanx If you investigate this story a little you find that the same thing is happening in Southern Africa right now. This 'trade war' can be attributed to African network engineers who do not know how to properly manage their machines. CHECK -> http://www.digital-m.co.za/seo-blog/2007/10/yahoo-hijacked-b... Please people . . . 'Fact checking'. A little less alarmist tone in our posts would go a long way. China has so many things that we could legitimately complain about that I see little reason to concoct stories. We could complain about their government. The hypocrites who profess to believe in the communist ideal of all men being equal, and at the same time deny all men an equal say in the selection of their leaders. Oh I forgot, it's not communism . . . it's 'communism with Chinese characteristics'. We could complain about their business leaders. Who profess to believe in fair trade, and at the same time manipulate their market to prop up domestic companies at the expense of foreign competitors. Which, if this story were true, would almost certainly be the reason for it. But MOST of all we could complain about the people. I imagine many people on this board have been to China. So you are already aware that even if one were allowed to shout about democracy and human rights from every classroom at Fudan, the students would ignore it. Why? Because they are all greedy little snots only interested in getting rich. . . . There I said it. We in the West are too concerned with hurting the feelings of the Chinese people to state the obvious. And speaking of the Chinese . . . right now Yu Yen is looking at me with that smug Chinese smile and chuckling . . . I have to decide between smacking her around, or going for a run. I am reminded of a scene in the Bruce Willis film 'Hudson Hawk', where the security guards are chasing Bruce through a museum and two of them end up splayed out on the floor. The third one runs by, still chasing Bruce and yells back at the other two . . . "Get up! You're embarrassing me." Get it? I think 'race' is one way of looking at it. Another way to look at it is that there will be more than one 'winner'. Just like today, I think in the world of tomorrow people will use more than one programming language. So all of the languages that expect to be around tomorrow will need to evolve into languages for controlling concurrent systems on massively parallel architectures. You are correct in saying that some languages are simply given as winners. Erlang is a VERY impressive language from a performance standpoint. That said, it really needs to be used in conjunction with some front end UI language to present the results of all of its processing. Make no mistake about it, if one has so much data that one will need say 32 cores to process it, then a clever presentation layer is a must. Another drawback here is that, for those Erlang programmers who are something other than elite, Erlang will handle all of the locking and synchronization on its own. I think experienced senior programmers see where that one is going. That said, the way Erlang implements concurrency is cool. I like simple! In my opinion, Java is another clear winner here. From Wall Street systems with US$900,000,000,000 a day in transactions flying through them, to medical imaging systems rooting out cancerous pathologies, to petroleum exploration systems trying to find the precise limits to all of that new Cuban oil, Java is at the center. When it comes to handling massive datasets in a maintainable fashion, Java is second only to the C,C++ languages. Some would even say that C or C++ code is less maintainable than Java. I would say they should hire new C programmers. Lastly, C, C++ and Assembly will always be around because there will always be someone,(Carmack) who wants to outshine everyone else. And we can all agree that nothing flies like an assembly routine. As a bonus, we can get exacting control over concurrency, synchronization and locking. It may be difficult to believe, but this option is attractive to a certain class of hacker. Concurrency in todays web darlings, Ruby, PHP, and Python will be challenging. I think someone out there will simply come up with a new language. Or the web guys will switch to Erlang over time. They will run into a data size problem though due to the way Erlang implements concurrency at a low level. It will be interesting to watch them problem solve that. On the front end, it's easy . . . Microsoft wins. Anyone who understands concurrency in an intimate fashion knows the challenges of getting a scripting language like JavaScript to support it in a satisfactory fashion. Do you lock and synchronize for the developer? Do you let him/her? Do you copy the heap and send messages? What about client side memory in a tabbed browser? The questions go on and on. Java may have somewhat of a chance here, depending how things go, but basically Microsoft will continue to have the majority lock. Stackless is interesting, but I found it to be a little unwieldy when I wrote a volume visualization test. When each task needs access to the entire volume of data, Stackless gets REALLY slow. I didn't look through the Stackless internals the way I looked into Erlang, but the slowdown was undeniable. Again, for massive datasets, accessed by many cores over a massive number of threads, it needs a little more development. TEST ALGORITHM: Standard Volume ray casting. Each pixel processed separately. Ray casted through volume with alpha based early ray termination. Though I disagree with the practice, there is a reason behind the 10% rule at UT. I think many people in this nation would be surprised to find out what would happen without rules like this at our better state schools. I'll save you the details, suffice it to say that whites would disappear from Georgia Tech, UTexas, UWisconsin and the like almost overnight. Again, as a conservative, it is abhorrent to me, it's essentially affirmative action for white kids. That said, I do understand what the people who run these schools are attempting to do with rules like this. I think what he may be trying to point out is that perhaps the kids that are 10 - 14 years old right now may enjoy a "Club Penguin" off shoot more than "Club Facebook". Which one will be more profitable long-term? Who can say. The tourists still find the Buddha Bar a "must hit" spot in Paris. Even though the "globally hip" crowd hangs out more in La Republique, Le Marais, or even Monmartre now. Eschewing what they perceive to be the pretentiousness of the Champs Elysee. He is right when he says that these things fall in and out of fashion cyclically. During the Jazz age Harlem was hot, falling out of favor in the 70s and 80s, only to enjoy an admittedly controversial renaissance in the 90s to the present. Musical instruments may have had a brisk trade in Harlem during the Jazz age, but now something a little more bland is in order if you want to make money. Think Pottery Barn. (I know . . . it saddens the heart) It is wise to try to strike while the iron is hot rather than build a business that is dependent on its heat. That's the interesting thing isn't it. With the Scala platform around people have very little incentive to go in and make the improvements to Erlang that would help it to become more mainstream. Particularly on the web. For instance, what follows is the code to the Scala address book example: object addressbook { case class Person(name: String, age: Int) /** An AddressBook takes a variable number of arguments * which are accessed as a Sequence */ class AddressBook(a: Person*) { private val people: List[Person] = a.toList /** Serialize to XHTML. Scala supports XML literals * which may contain Scala expressions between braces, * which are replaced by their evaluation */ def toXHTML = Last Name First Name { for (val p { p.name } { p.age.toString() } } ; } /** We introduce CSS using raw strings (between triple * quotes). Raw strings may contain newlines and special * characters (like \) are not interpreted. */ val header = { "My Address Book" } { """table { border-right: 1px solid #cccccc; } th { background-color: #cccccc; } td { border-left: 1px solid #acacac; } td { border-bottom: 1px solid #acacac;"""} ; val people = new AddressBook( Person("Tom", 20), Person("Bob", 22), Person("James", 19)); val page = { header } { people.toXHTML } ; def main(args: Array[String]) { println(page) } } This is so much less scary to people than the Erlang equivalent. EQUALLY complicated, just less scary! So if there are kids out there looking at implementing something new really fast, they will be drawn to Scala. Remember PERL, it was lightning fast . . . and really scary. Java was less scary. PHP was friendlier still. And, I suspect, the frameworks built using Scala will be downright promiscuous. It's too bad, I'm an old fart, 36, but I like Erlang. Maybe the kids will let their religion get the best of them. They are really anti-Java, and Scala is built on Java. Of course, they love JRuby. Quel dommage. I am baffled by the hype surrounding Facebook applications. I wonder where the payoff is for the companies that develop these applications. The users are reluctant to pay for them. Advertising is clearly less than optimal at this point. Where exactly is the money coming from, or is it that money has yet to be made by anyone yet. We'll see what they have to say in the depths of a recession. Only having read his description, I would say Milwaukee is definitely NOT for him. Madison would be more his speed. It is full of startups and a big university. Bio tech, medical and video gaming are the big things in Madison startup-wise. Milwaukee is good for financial, corporate and real estate type things. Fun fact: Over the last decade, GE Medical has outsourced a LOT of tech people. Many were made offers in Madison. GE Medical, and the Milwaukee area in general, typically buy these people back essentially at a significant markup when they acquire the startups. Think Lunar. You should pay closer attention. The game is a Far Cry (pun intended) from DirectX 10. The demo was also on a Windows machine. Let's see the same demo on Linux. The original poster is absolutely correct. C++ written for KDE is going to run on Windows now. Well, having worked at Adobe when I was just out of college, I can say that they have VERY bright people there. Bright enough to get C++ code written for Linux to run on Windows? in a VM? Which itself would be in a browser? I have to think that VMWare or Parallels would have done that already if it was doable. Or, if it is doable, and just hard, VMWare and Parallels will do it better than Adobe in any case. Be assured, with the value inherent in such a product they WOULD release their own versions. I can hear the Flash VM talking now: Scenario 1: Oh C++ code . . . you want me to run some Intel vectorized math routines? No problem . . . those Microsoft templates you got there are REALLY cool . . . uhh . . . well let me just get this Objective C library here on this shiny new MacBook Pro and . . . Oh Wait? . . . Well . . . Maybe I can try this GCC library and . . . SLASH!!! Moral of the story: Predatory cats always target the slow ones. Scenario 2: Ahh C++ code . . . I get it now . . . you want to use this really cool GeForce 9xxx series card to do instancing. That is AWESOME!!! Let me get started on that for you . . . uh . . . ahh . . . OK so I'm an OpenGL context and you want me to make a DirectX call . . . Oh OK no problem . . . ahh . . . . umm . . . OK so I'm on Linux, can I ask a quick question? Your developer didn't supply you with a software DirectX 10 implementation did he? Moral of the story: Even intelligent things, C++, can be put in situations where it looks really stupid. Scenario 3: Oh mapped memory? SURE, I'll just go over here to this pool of unused hard drive space and . . . THWOCK!!! THACK!!! WOCK!!! WHACK!!! Moral of the story: Something like unused hard drive space, or cross compilation, may sound REALLY good . . . but make sure you know who has a claim on it . . . because she might be a REAL bitch. Or worse . . . Microsoft. Scenario 4: Oh . . . multicore . . . umm . . . why don't I go ahead and kill myself now so you can get to the blue screen faster. Moral of the story: Actually test claims before you start making plans, a lot of the potential technologies you want to use, or potential spouses you will meet, will make claims of intelligence, but there may not be too much between the ears. WRONG. There is no SUITABLE replacement for DirectX instancing under OpenGL that would be available on other platforms. To say that you will get the benefits of DirectX where it is not available is to be disingenuous. Microsoft goes to great lengths to make sure that, even with a VM doing the work for you, game developers will find it difficult to "gain the benefits of DirectX when it's available, but the AVM will resort to other means when it's not" - as you put it. Over the years 100's of millions of dollars have been spent to ensure that you CAN'T do that. If you talk to Parallels or VMWare they will tell you that they can get DirectX 8 to work at times, Direct X 9 seldomly, and then they will have a good belly laugh while pointing at you when you ask them about virtualizing Direct X 10. This is the way things are for now, until the requisite extensions have been developed for OpenGL. This is not just me spouting off at the mouth. The entire gaming industry has grudgingly accepted this for quite some time. Steve Jobs has been looking for ways around it forever. If Adobe has people who can do this, they won't have them for long, because Steve is sending over a limo I guarantee it. And what about proprietary templates? Adobe is going to translate all of those too. Multicore programming? Gonna translate between the Intel multicore stuff and . . . say . . . the Cell processor stuff? Taking it further, we all know that CUDA code will work beautifully if the machine you're on happens to have an NVidia card, but what if you have an ATI card? Don't even get me started on some of these templates for mapped memory management . . . RESPONSE TO PARENT EDIT: Thanx for clarifying the assertions you were making. The JME IS their platform. All they are doing is pushing that platform out to more users. Of course, MOST of us are going to have a difficult time trying to develop for the 10 000 000 iPhones. You see, you can download the SDK and do all of the testing you want . . . good luck running your code on an actual iPhone though. A lot of developers read the fine print, and skipped over the finer print. To try out your newly developed games, or virtual worlds, against the actual iPhone accelerometer you have to be accepted into the OFFICIAL iPhone Developer's Program. Guess how many of the 100000 developers who downloaded the SDK were accepted into the program . . . Oh . . . So then you read the article already . . . http://apple20.blogs.fortune.cnn.com/2008/03/15/apple-to-100... The short version is that Apple is giving its strategic partners a head start, EA, Salesforce, AOL, Epocrates, Sega . . . and Apple quoted a quite a few more the press release Intuit, Namco, Netsuite, PopCap . . . you get the idea. Good for Apple, its partners, and probably the iPhone . . . Bad for startups who happen to compete with something one of the partners wants to do. Guess which app will get the splash page billing on the iTunes App store, the startup's or the partner's? There is SOME good news though, if someone is willing to search past the first page of the iTunes app store to look for your app, they will probably be able to find and install it without much trouble. Of course that is ASSUMING that you are allowed into the OFFICIAL developer's program, which there is no guarantee of either if you are making an app that competes with a strategic partner. Cheers! I guess that's true :( I saw that and thought, " . . . I better not mention it or everyone will think you are a mathematician . . ." Thank you, sir, for being willing to take that virtual wedgie for all of the math geeks out there! This is a mistake. Firstly, if Flash on the iPhone is buggy, because Apple withheld its help, users will blame Flash and word will go around to keep it off of your iPhone. Secondly, if Flash on the iPhone is less capable than the desktop version, and more capable than Flash Lite, developers will become irritated. Finally, if people are making full 3D shooters and racers with the regular iPhone SDK, AND making money off of it through the iPhone store, Flash developers will be in a position of staggering disadvantage. This is because even if Jobs lets Adobe make and distribute a Flash runtime, which is far from certain, he will certainly not let Flash developers put their apps on the app store. Even if he did, who would by a Flash app? In user's minds, Flash apps should be free, remember. And once users make up their minds . . . well . . . talk to the record industry. If you think advertising will underpin it all, you should be paying closer attention. Flash has very little to gain, and a great deal to lose in user perception, as well as developer perception. If Adobe chooses to go down this road, they MUST execute flawlessly. I have officially heard it all now. I knew that a lot of the 'handlers' of corporate bigwigs would have them out angling for a defense at the trials that are looking increasingly likely, but this one just reeks of desperation. The current mortgage crisis was fueled by a myriad of reasons, but believe me, the idea that billionaires were sitting around thinking about ways to get money into the hands of poor black guys was hardly one of them. I can see now that one of their strategies will be to play the race card. Their aim will be to ensure the jury thinks about something other than the mountain of documents, emails, and other internal and external communications and directives. All of which will point to the inescapable conclusion that their cases are really about garden variety fiduciary negligence on an unprecedented scale. The race card is how many of the wealthy, from OJ to the CEO of HealthSouth manage to escape justice. It behooves us all to hold our wallet and our will a little closer when the wealthy start to talk about racism, or the dangers thereof. Middle America you are being conned. Just today the CEO of Bear Stearns unloaded what used to be over a USD1 billion stake in Bear for USD60 million, under the terms of the original deal with the government that his stake was only to be USD15 million. Poor him you say? He lost so much money you say? Consider the fact that Bear's stock price is being propped up by a USD30 billion guarantee from the US. Then ask yourself where the money for that guarantee comes from. Even better research it. Did you know several such guarantees are being made? Consider some news that the government would have us believe is completely unrelated. It just got a whole lot harder for poor and middle class college students to get student loans, because the government has found it necessary to materially decrease the levels of subsidy it provides to student loans. Now a cynic would say that the CEO of Bear just raided the US college fund for USD60 million. An optimist would say the government is simply making financially prudent cut backs in its spending. The truth is somewhere in the middle, but I think we'd all agree that these types of financial machinations are sub optimal. Giving anti-capitalist guarantees of security is how we got here in the first place. WOW . . . I'm ranting . . . I gotta stop working so late. At least I caught myself. The short version is this article insults my intelligence, and assumes that I am uninformed. All of which would trouble me a good deal less if the aim of this article was something other than keeping a scumbag out of Club-Fed. That is EXACTLY my point. This article would have me believe that writing bad loans caused the credit crisis. As a former quant, I can tell you that my belief is that the practice of improperly securing bundled debt is the cause of the credit crisis. When everyone began to realize that their risk analysis was off, they discovered that they held bonds or other more exotic instruments that were improperly hedged. The entire world asked for the same CDS's at the same time. That's when EVERYONE knew the game was up. BTW, if you are a quant, or if you know your finance, I would be happy to explain why I believe the collapse in the bond market is caused by the asymmetric nature of a lot of the hedging that was going on. Or rather the total lack of hedging, and by implication, proper risk management. CDS's, CDO's and indeed derivatives in general are going to have their problems, but that is BECAUSE of improper securitization practices. We have a USD500 trillion, yes I said TRILLION, house of cards out there because of rampant misuse of these instruments. The mortgage bond market is just the place where the problems cropped up first. I would be happy to listen to your explanation of how bad loans were the cause, but you will have to have a good explanation for two things. Firstly, explain why the bundles containing these loans were improperly secured in the first place, given that the lenders, according to the article you are citing, freely admit that they knew these to be bad loans? Could it be fiduciary negligence? Secondly, why is there so much trouble in the Jumbo market, (mortgages higher than USD417000), where CRA is not an issue at all, if CRA is the problem they are making it out to be? I stand by my belief that fiscal negligence, and by implication, a failure to exercise the proper fiduciary duty to the companies, lies behind the collapse of ALL of these enterprises. If you have evidence to the contrary, submit it. The owner of a foreclosed house becomes the bank, or more precisely, whoever the bank sold the bond to. In answer to your question, yes they can hold it, but there are a lot of very complicated reasons not to. They involve liquidity ratios and the like. So selling makes since in a great many instances. In short, what a bank, or financial institution does with it will depend on their fiscal position. Or it SHOULD. This mess has shown us that they can behave irrationally. I agree with that, teach computer scientists mathematics while they are in high school, NOT CS. Have any other mathematicians out there had to review mathematically intense papers written by CS students. Frightening isn't it! How about we update the whole AP system and bring it into the 21st century. AP Chinese or Japanese Literature courses are still being debated, but we were teaching Italian Lit? I think we should start giving our brightest young men a larger dose of mathematics and Asia. They will work the rest out on their own if we give them good fundamentals. Incidentally, the idea that Calculus is an AP course is indicative of the challenges facing education in the US. This course, and all of the math up to it, should be required to graduate high school. AP should expect more, at least differential equations, and I myself would be more comfortable if AP required Advanced Calculus, (Real Analysis). Some people think I expect too much. To them I would say look at the numbers. China has more HONOR students than the US has STUDENTS, even when we include the drop outs. Keep in mind that includes only their TOP students, their 'B' students are excluded from that count, and a 'B' student in China would be an honor student here. The luxury of educational tracking as we have known it is one that is too expensive for us going forward. Time to raise the bar. It is going to be increasingly difficult to address this issue through immigration. Education is the only way out. All hands on deck. We should start to do what it takes to get this done. Yes, but the issue is one of numbers. It would be challenging, in the extreme, to convince enough Indonesians to move to the US to close the numbers gap. In fact, the projections state that if EVERY Indonesian honor student moved here, and stayed, we would still be short. In short, how many techies can you convince to move to the US? Would that number be equal to the shortfall in students? And MOST importantly, do you bet your nation's future on the belief that all these things will happen? I am a firm believer that the only sure way forward, is through education. All of that money is coming from the traditional web side though. As is evidenced by this statement: "Among our users are almost two million monthly uniques on mobile where have not yet made any revenues." My question would be, Why can eBuddy monetize while Meebo has such challenges? Robbing Peter to pay Paul. From reliance on undemocratic regimes who maintain a corrupt power structure at the barrel of a rifle, to reliance on a democratic regime that maintains a corrupt power structure and a societal stratification that can only be described as economic apartheid. What could go wrong? You'll forgive me if I believe we should keep looking for other options. How about 'self reliance'? By way of clarification I guess I should explain that in Brazil there is a sizable segment of the population that lives in abject poverty. Frequently inhabiting tenement areas that are really no more than shanty towns, called 'Favelas'. High crime, few educational or employment opportunities, disease and hunger are all found throughout Brazil in these areas. There is also a racial component as well, as Blacks or darker skinned people are disproportionately represented in the impoverished class. As these types of problems can lead to social unrest, which inevitably impacts politics and trade, I was intimating that the sort of reliance on Brazilian Oil that the author of the article implicitly postulates is unwise. No. My point is that the chances of trade disruptions due to social unrest in Brazil is uncomfortably high. Further, the chances of trade disruptions due to ... 'demagogue comes along and tells the impoverished masses that they are being ripped off' ... is a virtual certainty in the presence of oil wealth. It is not the social problems that I take issue with, the Brazilians can run their nation as they see fit. It is the fact that these social problems have a high probability of developing into something that would adversely effect us if we were dependent on Brazil that I object to. IBM is a sleeper company, which is what microsoft is becoming, which is where the majority of the wealth in this nation is at. I have read the old articles from the 80's and 90's that said that Microsoft would supplant IBM. It is now 2008, and Microsoft generates about US$12B a quarter where IBM is doing right around US$24B a quarter. In other words we are still waiting. IBM made a decision to GIVE microsoft a market. The decision was all the more easy as Mrs. Gates, mom to Bill, was EDIT:(a high level executive at IBM) - on the same boards as the CEO and other board members of IBM - at the time. My point in all this is that companies, the large ones, the ones that write the US$250M per annum IT checks, buy what IBM tells them to buy. IBM told them to buy Microsoft for a while, because writing that software themselves was a pain. Now IBM will look around for a cloud vendor to be their go to guy for cloud deployments. It is too early to say what this relationship will look like, but it is a certainty that whoever gets the IBM guys out pushing them, will be the enterprise monopoly in the future. This is a SLIGHT oversimplification of the enterprise purchasing process for large organizations, but it gets at the fundamentals. And in any case, the negation is likely and sufficient to cause GOOG and MSFT trouble. That is, if IBM says NOT to buy Google or Microsoft cloud services, then they are non starters. If you want to bet on a company that will ride the next enterprise upgrade wave, put your money on IBM. This is the only constant in the global enterprise IT market. It is way to difficult to figure out whether Google can come up with a product that any large enterprise would want to use. That is, can they really innovate? I think open minded analysts agree that the jury is still out on that one. Equally vexing is the question of whether Microsoft can get their heads out of their butts long enough to create a product that conforms to the next computing paradigm? The only certainty is that whatever happens IBM will be supporting it, and THAT is where the money is. All US$100B a year worth! And that is only likely to grow! Good point on Mary Gates, though my material point was that only Bill Gates was going to get the contract. Any one else would have faced significant challenges. Also, given the fact that Bill was in his early twenties at the time, I suspect, and I think you do too, that those conversations were anything but casual. Additionally, IBM has been a services company for over a hundred years. With the greatest service rendered at the Nuremberg trials in my opinion. Hardware has been a way for them to sell services for quite some time. That said, a review of their historical financials, will bear out the fact that they have made far more money on service and support than hardware. That is true if you zoom in per year as well by the way. The computer industry emerged around the 1950s, and IBM was the guy selling the most of them, it's true. But, take a look into their training, service and support contracts if you want to see some serious revenue growth charts. As to your last point, it is the same point made by Microsoft fanboys in the 80s. It is, in a way, the original 'long tail' argument. It has merit, in that companies that can monopolize the long tail, as Microsoft has done, will make a lot of money. But the fact remains that even with its 'long tail' monopolization, Microsoft still generates less revenue than IBM. FAR less. Why? Because the smaller companies are not willing to pay as much as larger organizations. Which is why they choose Microsoft, it is cheaper, and it is good enough. Now your assertion is that they will choose Google in the future, because it will be cheaper still, and good enough. Consider, however, what happens as these customers get more and more frugal. Suppose everyone on the long tail thinks that your product should not cost as much as Microsoft's. Or let's suppose that they believe that everything you get over the internet should be ... say ... free. The amount of money that the monopolizer can generate goes down. But IBM's service and support contracts stay the same price for the big guys! That's the beauty of being IBM. You always win in the end. What is the field in which you are employing Java? Just curious. I realize you want to keep your idea to yourself, I'm just wondering in general terms. For instance, are you thinking of a social network, a social messaging system like IM, email or twitter, or 3D web gaming. You see, I think if what you are thinking of is easier done in other lingos I would say save yourself the java headaches and use php or python or . If, however, you are thinking about say... 3D gaming, it can ONLY be done in java right now and you should use it regardless of who would invest in it. China is run by what seems to me to be effectively a 'board of directors', these men are too old to have been affected by those policies. When I say old, I'm talking OLD too. We think John McCain is old. By Chinese standards he would be just getting to the point where they MIGHT let him have a say in who the next president is. Seriously, these guys are so old it is RIDICULOUS. Their presidential elections work something like this: -Small number of, seriously old, think in the 90 year old range, guys get together and decide they've had it with the 70 year old president. China's economy is only growing at 10% a year, or something ridiculous like that. Their stock exchanges only offer up surges in the 40-50% range per year, and GOSH DARNIT!! 'How long can the shareholders be reasonably expected to tolerate such pitiful returns?' They lament. 'China's future is at stake!!!' 'That means our CHILDREN are at stake!!!' 'Why they may even have to clean their own toilets!!!' 'Won't someone think of the CHILDREN!!!' -To address this crisis in the portfolios of the Chinese people . . . er . . . I mean . . . crisis in the leadership of the Chinese people. They have found some spritely, dynamic, new young blood, by young I mean 60, and they say he is the new guy in charge. -All the leaders of the communist party, being obedient mentees of these old guys, sing the new guy's praises, elect him president, and the old guy goes home. (Only not really . . . see he'll BE one of those old guys now, so he'll ALWAYS have some influence) Bit of an oversimplification, but not much. When I first studied this I thought, 'man this sounds JUST like the process of a board of directors'. But if the rest of the world wants to call it a political system, who am I to question? Fine, it's a political system. An interesting test might be to try to get China to do what we want another way. Let's forget about armies, and navies, and Taiwan, and democracy, and demonstrations. Let's try causing a blip in their quarterly results. I'd imagine the speed with which change would come would make our heads spin. That's just my theory though. Oh yes. Understand me correctly, I am a believer in the appropriateness of the current system in China. I do agree with you, to pursue the establishment of a democratic system in China right now would be to follow a decidedly misguided course. The jingoists would take over in fairly short order. Believe me, I feel more safe going to sleep every night knowing that China is run by boring, old, stodgy, conservative men who are anything but rash. Only if you ever want to run for high office. High being a senatorial seat or the Presidency. The issue is that there is bound to be a Kerry, McCain, Murtha etc when the time comes for you to run. Meaning you would have to search for a state without Ivy league war heroes, or opt out of being an office holder. I think in our generation, though, that less heady decisions will impact our future lives and careers. I chuckle at the number of 'political' types that are shooting off emails, sms messages, Facebook posts, blog comments, and having phone conversations that will summarily disqualify them from, not only high office, but any of the nation's meaningful C-level executive suites and boardrooms of note. Certain executive search committees are already starting to sift through that stuff, where national security is involved. This practice will trickle down first to economically important corporations, like large banks or GE for example, and then on to the rest of the economy. Chances are, your iPhone and your Facebook, coupled with a big mouth, will get the nation's elites to look down on you more than your decision on what to do when drafted will. Just imagine, for instance, the number of 20 year old democrats in 2003 who sent emails that may be misconstrued on the invasion of Iraq. Or the number of 20 year old republican hot heads who sent emails or sms texts when the hurricane Katrina incident happened. Many won't even make the connection when 25 years later they are summarily rejected by executive search committees. So the next time you see one of those east coast boarding school type, Ivy league educated, lacrosse playing young men of ambition who refuse to use cell phones or email, I wouldn't snicker at them. I'm hesitant to ask this question because I think many of you will probably jump down my throat, but I will anyway. Are any of you actually Black American? By which I mean a son or daughter of American Slavery. I only ask because I would like to hear from one of them, about being a nerd in the black community. The reason I ask is because I've seen in Newark and LA for example, where even black athletes are only worried about getting home after school. I talked to a football standout from Newark and his exact words were,"I'm not tryin' to meet new faces at school, if I want women, that's what church is for." What I mean is, when I talk to these kids you get the sense that, between the police, the teachers, and the gang members, high school for them is a dangerous place. Many of them have expressed little interest in popularity, or looking down on others, indeed, they express little interest in even knowing others. It is dangerous to them. They SEEM to be just trying to get through the day without crossing the wrong person. Or as the young man I talked to would say, "Ain't no kids in a ghetto high school." This contrasts sharply with things I've read in the national press and in reports like this about being 'cool', and looking down on the smart kids. -- EDITED OUT A PART PEOPLE MAY FIND OFFENSIVE -- I'd imagine the average nerdy guy from the black underclass is far more concerned with mistaken identity on his way home, than he is with being accosted because he is smart. But again, I'd like to know if I'm way off here. In terms you may understand, the issue everyone is discussing is why the number of black, or latina females, is so low relative their population percentages in the larger society. In particular, the percentage of latinas in the US college student population is far out of line when considering their population percentage in the larger society. Even more so when one considers that 2/3rds of university enrollment is female. That means that, all other things being equal, US university enrollment should be 10% latina, since hispanics constitute 15% of our population. The thing is . . . latina University enrollment is not 10% of overall University enrollment. Meaning, for some reason, white women are making it to the University level at a far greater rate. Why is this? It is a legitimate question to ask, and unfortunately it demands an examination of those obvious differences like ". . . whether you are black, white, hispanic, or whatever . . ." I agree with you, male-female disparities should be discussed as well. Perhaps you could start another topic? Actually, it's interesting that you say that, because the part I edited out clarified that issue. That is, it explained my belief that there are probably, AT LEAST, two black communities. Let's call them the black under class and the black upper class. The kids from the underclass don't worry about being a 'nerd' or popular or whatever. As I said, I think they have far more pressing concerns. They worry about not setting off some gang banger by stepping on his shoe. Or having said gang banger mistake them for cross town rivals. Or having a police officer mistake their wallets for guns. You get the idea. Whereas kids from the black upper class are a little different, and this is the part where I have to be careful. I think kids in the black upper class think that being 'cool' is being from the black under class. So they go out and do their best imitation of kids from the black underclass. Only they don't know much about the black underclass, so it comes off cartoonish. Only slightly less cartoonish than when white kids do it. Since our 'interface' to black America is really the black upper class, we get the impression that acting cool is more important than being smart. That doesn't necessarily mean that kids in the black under class believe that. My suspicion is that we don't really know what those kids believe, and we'd be surprised to find just how pragmatic their beliefs are. I think it was Dr. Dre who said he didn't know any rappers who got rich selling music to the 'black under class'. I'm paraphrasing there, but again, you get his point. These online virtual world/gaming technologies are actually fairly simple to implement. I am sure that someone as enlightened as Raph Koster probably realizes that there are lots of companies, not to mention college kids in dorms, putting these together right now. SOME of those projects are bound to be better than his, others worse. Believe me, they have probably already factored that in to their plan. If not, I agree, this is bad news for them, because hundreds more are coming. No, Google TRIED to acquire IMVU. When IMVU pulled a Yahoo, Google decided to hire away one of their key guys, who was a co-founder as well. Then they put him on Lively. Google is learning to do business the Microsoft way. Make an offer ONCE. They don't take it . . . make an example of them. The next startup you want will take the money, even if you are lowballing them. Among other places: http://www.virtualworldsnews.com/2008/07/google-announce.htm... These pictures came from a news agency, not directly from the Iranian government. As to the question of the occurrence of a new round of testing at all, American military intelligence is looking on that rumor dubiously. Russian intelligence is flatly denying it, saying what happened has been mis-characterized. And even the Europeans are only giving tepid support to that allegation. Frankly if American military intelligence thinks it didn't happen then that's good enough for me. But some people need to hear it from multiple quarters. A good question would be . . . Why American and Russian intelligence thinks that what happened has been 'mis-characterized'? Who 'mis-characterized' it? And most importantly . . . To what end? Of these, Only 'C' is accepted by the American military establishment as being true. Which means, I only accept 'c' as being true. Regarding 'A', go listen to the original speech and learn Farsi. That's the good thing now-a-days, a lot of younger people, those with military backgrounds anyway, know Farsi and Arabic. They will know when they are about to be hoodwinked. As touching 'B' the American military establishment has been consistent in saying that weapons and, more importantly, logistical support have been coming into Iraq from Iran. Not from the IRANIAN GOVERNMENT. It is clear that radicalized people in Iran are behind this in my view. In fact they seem keen to want to avoid the mistake they made in Iraq, getting rid of the government, when the people are the problem. And despite whatever you heard about the middle east, the people really are the problem. Similarly weapons, money and support for the killing of Americans comes in from Syria, Jordan, and believe it or not, even Kuwait. But, by far, the largest supplier of man and material in the struggle against us pig-eating infidels is from our good friends in Saudi Arabia. Fun fact, there are units in Iraq who have yet to catch a foreign fighter who is NOT Saudi. Did you know we actually trained some of the most effective foreign fighters in Iraq ourselves? When Chechens were blowing up Russians we thought they were freedom fighters. So they got tacit support, not just from us but from the West in general. Ask any man from Marine one eight and he will tell you about the effectiveness of Chechen snipers in Fallujah. My point is, from MY point of view, which is clouded from being in an enlisted family as opposed to a commissioned one I'm sure, Iran is only a small part of the problem. My advice to you is to either market it to kids and their parents, or go 3D. If you market to kids, throw in some ridiculous security, the parents are going to want to see that. If you go 3D, try to get it done in JUST Java or Flash, because that is the only advantage you will have over Google at the moment. By the way, despite the existence of these other worlds, only Google's Lively matters. None of the others have any ACTIONABLE advantage over Google's, so Google will win. Consider Google Video vs. YouTube. YouTube had several actionable advantages, the biggest of which was the ability to capitalize on copyright infringement. So YouTube won the 'eyeballs' war, and Google had to buy them. I know, it also doesn't hurt when dad-in-law is a big shot in the Valley, but give credit where it is due. The decision to ignore IP law was decisive in YouTube's case. VWs don't have the ability to take advantage of copyright infringement in a similarly simple fashion, so in this case Google wins. If you can think of an actionable advantage then use it. That said, many have thought long on the subject and come up with very little. The other VWs are, at this point, deciding whether to try to find a niche, or whether they want to enter the pool of VWs that will try to get bought by Yahoo. If you want to enter the 'get bought buy Yahoo or Microsoft' sweepstakes, then write your 3D engine using DirectX. Bonus points for utilizing DirectX 10 ONLY features. Of course, this means you won't be able to compete against Google. It's get bought . . . or bust. If you want to find a niche, then you had better become a game designer, and quickly. What Google's entry does is ensure that, in the future, consumers will be paying only for the gaming components. The 'stand around and talk to people' part they will offer for free. Also, I am 99% certain, that the typical microtransactions will be free as well. You know, the dress your avatar in snazzy clothes, get that cool car, and get that outdoor pool for your penthouse apartment stuff. They can do this because they have advertisers to pay for it. So your niche will need to be a game that people are willing to pay for. Think teenage boys, currently under-served on the web. Look at Jagex and RuneScape. 'To be certain you take what you attack . . . Attack only that which is undefended.' -Sun Tzu (Military Adviser to the Emperor of Wu) I might agree with everything you have said. The thing is, that this young man asked what he should do. He, presumably, has very little capital, and so should look only at those places that Google is CERTAIN to avoid in the development of its 'Lively' offering. A clear area that Google will avoid is the 'RuneScape' area, or any game serving teenage boys. Also, if we consider the possibility that you are correct, and 'Lively' will be a hit for a year or two before people move on, this young man will still have trouble. You see during that time he will need to run his own service for free. Additionally, all of Google's users will be learning that everything should be free. When they are bored with Google, they will come to him looking for free entertainment. See the problem? OK. I checked the gasoline numbers and they are right. That said,I think China will pass California soon. Of course, that still means that fuel usage in California is profligate in a 'world class' sense. I also checked CAISO 2006 energy usage statistics for California against CIA world fact book numbers for China. California uses more energy in general than the entire nation of China. I am ashamed to say that I have to confess to being surprised by this. What exactly is it that causes that level of usage? Does anyone have any ideas? I don't know enough about what the energy is being used for to know if usage can be safely reduced in California. Can someone more learned in this area help me out? There is already a thread on this stat here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=249867 Ardit33 is right. Generally not a good idea to welch on a bet in global financial markets. Argentina is still not back. The interesting thing though is if Fannie and Freddy fail the rent on your apartment will probably go down, and houses will be worth less. Of course, you will practically need to pay for the house in cash in the worst case scenario. Think permissively inexpensive homes, that no one but the French and the Germans can afford, if that makes sense to you. It is the opposite of what we have had the past 10 years, prohibitively expensive homes that every one could afford. I'm speaking in terms of values and not dollars though. This is interesting. Why do you think the prices of homes will go up and not have significant downward pressures in a credit restricted environment? Or am I reading your post wrong? PS - I voted it up by the way because everything else strikes me as spot on. Right. That makes more sense to me. In dollar terms the prices go down. In value terms, they sky rocket. Cheaper houses that no one can afford would be my guess at what would happen as well. Exactly right. I meant people were borrowing above their level. A credit crunch would make everyone live within his or her means. Or rather, make it more likely that they would. I think people would still find some way to get things they should not have anyway, but it might not be as systemic. Generating revenue and making money are generally considered two different things in business circles. Many believe that making money implies being profitable. It can have the meaning you are ascribing to it. That is, having customers give you money, that's generally considered to be only a part of making money though. The other part is keeping costs low enough that your business generates a profit. Even subject to the more stringent requirements, several of the companies you mentioned qualify. I have doubts about YouTube being profitable, perhaps you have some inside info on this though. Certainly Google's quarterly reports indicate some challenges there. Similarly Facebook could be massively profitable if they would cut costs. That profitability would fall well short of justifying a USD15 Billion valuation, but they could be more profitable. It is difficult to tell whether or not Facebook is profitable at the minute, because they can give any story they want as they have yet to go public. Whoever said 'There are lies . . . damn lies . . . and statistics', was probably unfamiliar with the world of corporate accounting, or they would have used 'accounting' in place of 'statistics'. Yang should really be more careful about declaring 'Overwhelming support' of Yahoo! shareholders after preliminary results are announced. At least wait until the votes are verified. Propriety is rarely as simple as propriety, a large part of it is the appearance of propriety. Now you have shareholders who are angry AND who feel that there may be some issues of impropriety with respect to corporate governance. I know this is not hacker news, but I thought it was a wonderful idea of something positive to do in the spirit of Olympic brotherhood, as opposed to competition. Also ran an extra mile this morning. Very few times when the world can set aside their differences for a while and enjoy what is probably one of the few traditions of global human culture. I think you hit the nail on the head with number 2. Users are creatures of habit, and that goes doubly for Google users. Add to that the fact that for the average Google user, URLs are for geeks, and we can see where it may be very difficult to get people to realize that the knol pages are Google controlled content. Even more difficult to get them to care. They got their information. Case closed as far as they are concerned. On to the next Google controlled page to get the next piece of information they need. The video that is being shown is a rip off of a movie that is actually fairly famous in 3D graphics circles. It has been around for years, at least 3 by my count. This demo was made almost certainly without the author's permission. Further, it demos only video editing skills, as the actual rendering was done years ago. It is interesting that they are leading the viewer of the video to believe that this is a world in the cloud that is being rendered real time. It seems a little less than honest to me. By the way, the video can be found at: http://3dblasphemy.com/personal/CITY.html For those who are interested, the 'tell' is that the camera angles are exactly the same as those in the 3D Blasphemy video. Additionally, the apartment that is rendered a few minutes into the video is rasterized and not raytraced, like the city is. I am curious, now, to see OTOY in action. I know I am starting to smell a paper tiger, or perhaps vapor ware. This is a tough problem, because there are so many issues that need to be considered when deciding whether or not to give out free spectrum. The most important, in my estimation, is whether the revenue lost from license fees would be offset by taxes gained on the new economic activity generated by the entrepreneurial use of said spectrum. I would need a good deal of data in order to make this call. Although it is true that the US has the 2nd highest corporate tax rate in the developed world at around 35%, we actually collect very little revenue from it. The reason being that the high tax rate encourages some tax sheltering activity and other bad behavior that, in the end, costs us revenue. So even if the new economic activity is generated, we have strong historical evidence that new tax revenue from that activity would be somewhat less than forthcoming. Why do we need the revenue? A large national debt. Additionally, it seems, that this debt will only get larger over the next 10 years whoever wins the election. About 3 or 4 trillion in growth under Obama, and between 4 and 5 trillion in growth under McCain. On the other hand, perhaps the new economic activity would generate a sizable windfall. Even accounting for the inevitable tax sheltering that corporations will engage in. I think we need some REALLY expensive data to make this call. In short, my choice would be driven by a desire to keep our national checkbook balanced. Or more precisely, to use the spectrum to generate revenues that may begin the process of bringing our national checkbook back into balance. I realize I am very much in the minority here, that said, I think it's a useful way to look at the issue. There is no such thing, in this economy, as a qualified home buyer . . . who MUST have a mortgage to purchase. Can I ask what you mean by this? Just trying to get a better understanding of your position. Right. And does this strike you as a bail out of the shareholders derived from an entirely understandable desire to avert the consequences that would attend their financial losses? Or, does it strike you as socialist capitalism. That is to say, the socialization of risk . . . and the privatization of reward? I didn't vote you down, I think your point is valid. Still, I think this is something that people like to see surfaced here. Who knows what ideas it peaks in the minds of readers? People could be getting ideas about anything from a GIS for human terrain . . . to a Pop vs. Soda civil war video game. You never know. Make a website that you can order solar powered gear from. Not the stuff you need to assemble yourself, the stuff that is already complete. Start with solar generators like the SolarStik, or the one at KenSolar. Actually, both, be a reseller is my point. Solar is a useful technology being handled by less than creative people right now. What they need are young, hungry young men to hawk their wares in a creative fashion. For example, it would be simple for an enterprising young man to fill a UHaul with SolarStiks and drive down to Houston an put a sign up on some well travelled intersections indicating the availability of solar generators. You would sell out in less than an hour, WITH the story on CNN about the fact that you did so. Free advertising. Everyone gets the point. The consumers are educated. Every technology needs its Henry Ford, or Bill Gates . . . Basically solar needs its Sylvester McMonkey McBean . . . By the way, I live in Houston, and my neighbors think I'm pretty forward thinking right now since there is little gas for their generators. Wow, this is a good article. I thought all of the raving was about nothing, but it is definitely worth the read. Halleluja! Now things will really get cracking! Let's try to prevent it from happening here first. After that, we'll consider how we can help the rest of the world. Little known fact . . . Canada and the EU opened discussions a while ago on Canada's integration into that politico-Economic body. I am sorry to be the bearer of bad news . . . but we are almost certainly on our own with this. China and Mexico may give token assistance as they are able. I am still a little confused as to what exactly is causing this crisis. I looked into the whole sub prime Fannie and Freddie thing and I found some surprising things. The first thing I found was that poor people get home loans through mechanisms other than sub prime lending. They go through the whole Ginnie Mae umbrella, where all the inner city HUD and FHA stuff is handled, along with rural housing, housing for native americans and there is also a special allowance for veterans of the military to cover them under Ginnie. All of these groups use mechanisms OTHER THAN SUB PRIME! Or rather, sub prime or not, these people have loans that are guaranteed EXPLICITLY by the government, unlike the loans backed by Fannie and Freddie which had IMPLICIT guarantees. How can Ginnie Mae be sound and Fannie and Freddie be such basket cases? Even if 100% of the poor people defaulted, Fannie and Freddie would be untouched. Another question is, who, exactly, was using these sub prime mechanisms that Fannie and Freddie ended up backing? The auditors are claiming that they were primarily used by people making between $40000 and $150000 to afford mortgages that they would otherwise be denied. But something is out of place. Why would the middle class be defaulting at such a high rate? There is some money missing here. I have yet to get a really complete understanding of what went on exactly. After reading through all of the financial info, I am left even more confused. Is there an economist on Hacker News somewhere that can explain these inconsistencies to us? The only thing I could come up with is that these people wanted to live beyond their means. My quandary is that I have either severely underestimated the number of middle class Americans who want to live beyond their means, or overestimated my capacity for financial analysis. And yes . . . it could be both. The problem is rampant misuse of CDS, CDO and derivatives in general. ie - Mortgages that were improperly secured. That is at the root of what is threatening the financial system. As a former quant I am well acquainted with the top end of the issue. My problem is understanding the bottom end. The bottom end is a secondary problem, people defaulting on mortgages. Which the system would be able to tolerate in a market place where mortgages are properly secured. That is, a marketplace where people on the top end do their jobs right. This problem is caused only in part by CRA, AND in a manner different than Ron Paul argues. CRA encouraged a large number of middle class people to move back into the city cores around the country. Poor people moved out, hip, young, creative class moved in. All funded by CRA allowances. Gentrification and all that. Basically, Fannie and Freddie were moving 'good' people in, while Ginnie moved 'bad' people out. Problem was, according to the auditors, these "gentrifiers" are defaulting in droves. To the point where Fannie and Freddie collapsed. And, to add insult to injury, Ginnie is fine. The problems it does have it acquired in government attempts to rescue Fannie and Freddie. I, frankly, find this state of affairs difficult to believe. If we were redeveloping the city cores, and then letting the same people who lived there before buy the redeveloped housing, then I could see a high level of defaults. But the people in those neighborhoods now are actually pretty solid. That is one of the most perplexing facets of this entire mess to me. I understand the bad risk assessment at the top end, I think ANYONE generally assigns a higher risk to people in poverty, and a lower one to people in higher socio-economic classes. I would have gotten that risk assessment wrong as well if I was judging that market. So how can so many solid home buyers be hitting the skids at the same time? I would like to think there is something more going on here. I am simply unable to find it. The quants are going to go to town on this one. This bill gives the SEC authority to suspend the practice of marking to market. Bad idea. That makes this bill just a big money giveaway in practice. Transfer of wealth basically. Further, the FDIC is already running low on funds, we should be slow to make new promises when we are already uncertain with regard to meeting present obligations. Additionally, raising the limit on FDIC insurance will make it harder to determine when a bank is in trouble. Now I am not naive, I am sure that was the idea behind raising the limit in the first place. But the less educated among us actually believe this was done to protect their money. Lastly, $150 billion in tax cuts? These people really need to get some cost accountants. Accounting fraud is exactly what will make this whole thing degenerate into a transfer of wealth. Think about it, they can cook the capital ratios so that not only the bonds, but now even those CDS's that they have are worth X, when they would fetch Y at market. This gives them more liquidity, yes. But it is an illusion. Those CDS's are still as precarious as they were before, so are the now revalued bonds that they carry. Nothing changes, except the balance book. Add to this a guaranteed market for these assets, the taxpayer and surely you must see the potential for fraudulent profit taking in this scenario. Early indications that a bank needs to be looked at comes to the FDIC because people with more than $100000 start moving excess money to different banks. FDIC starts to look at them, and that is where the lowest form of all quants comes in. The "shorter". They get wind. I don't know how, but you and I both know it always happens, and the bank's stock starts a death spiral. Putting more pressure on their capital ratios, which have to factor in cheap stock now. Also, in fractional reserve banking, the fees charged by the FDIC to the banks SHOULD depend on the amount that the FDIC is insuring accounts for. There is NOTHING in the bill about raising fees. I'm sure we can all imagine that fees will probably not be raised, as the idea is to help with liquidity, not hinder it. So right there the banks just got something for nothing in terms of insurance. Helping their financial position appear safer. Maybe we are talking about two different things. Could you please explain why you believe this does not help the banks to appear financially healthy longer? If you consider $150 billion a 'drop in the bucket' then salud! I think $150 billion here, $150 billion there, and pretty soon you are talking about real money. Consider the possibility that you believe it to be a small amount because you agree with this bill. What if we gave $150 billion to fund welfare? How about we give $150 billion to fund the salaries of H1B workers? Or we blow $150 billion on 2 toilets for stealth bombers? Is it still a drop in the bucket? We should be careful how we structure this. Consider...Tens of Thousands of out of work financial types along with their lawyers. They start opening law offices and "financial services firms" because entrepreneurs can now operate tax free. Only now we are going back down this road of 'faux wealth creation' that got us here. Now consider Tens of Thousands of out of work real estate agents who start creating 'startups' that hawk foreclosed homes. Or Tens of Thousands of out of work mortgage brokers who start their own businesses slinging mortgages for those foreclosed homes. Are you starting to see the concern I have? Will these firms be considered 'startups', or part of that section of the economy that creates wealth? How should we treat the service economy in general? Are services 'wealth'? What are they backed by? These are very important questions. We should think through this stuff thoroughly prior to enacting policy. Questionable policy is what got us here in the first place. BTW - I love this idea if it can be somehow restricted to people who start a company producing things that other people will pay money for. As opposed to services. This is the definition of wealth creation. EDIT : I see payne92 has hit on a similar concern. "and how quickly blacks jump to crime." You have evidence of blacks being laid off in and around Palo Alto, and then committing crimes? I think you should know by now that HN is a place that prides itself on data driven debate. If you have the data, please present it and allow us to determine for ourselves the meaning of it. I'm betting that, having been challenged, you will quietly go away. But, I REALLY wish that you would respond with some contrived data so that I can point out the logical fallacies in it! :D BTW - I didn't mod you down. I want people to see this conversation! I hope this is a joke. Can I downmod a topic? JavaFX is GPL'd? Sun is a study in how to kill a product. Build a business and be obliged to give your competitors your source code! What a feature! Do they realize they are behind Flash and Silverlight? WOW! I must be one of the least happy people on the planet, because I LOVE to watch movies! Maybe I would have discovered my unhappiness earlier if I hadn't split my side laughing when C-Bass cornered Lloyd in that gas station bathroom stall. Or if I hadn't gazed in humor and a twisted respect when Captain Reno declared himself "SHOCKED!!! SHOCKED to discover there is gambling going on..." in Rick's Cafe. Or . . . oh well, you get the picture. On October 25, 1854 sub ordinates of Russian General Pavel Liprandi looked on in horror as a mass of allied cavalry charged positions they had lately taken up in and around an area in the Crimea known as Balaklava. Initially, believing the cavalry men to be intoxicated, the Russian response to this threat was delayed several moments. Regaining their countenance, Russian commanders ordered the enemy cavalry charging towards them destroyed. Russian artillery subsequently opened fire, raining destruction on the enemy cavalry. Les Chasseurs d'Afrique, as shocked and surprised at the developing scene as the Russians, hurriedly organized themselves and rode to the assistance of their bumbling Anglo counterparts, providing cover for the retreating cavalry men. At the end of it all, the attacking cavalry was devastated. Less than half of the allied cavalry men committed to the initial attack made it back to their lines. Of this number was their commander, a man by the name of James Thomas Brudenell. He returned, and considered himself to have given it 'the old college try', went to his yacht, waiting in Balaklava harbor, and ate a champagne dinner. This cavalry unit is known to history as the 'Light Brigade'. It was commanded by wealthy men who had purchased commissions that more capable, but less wealthy men could not afford. We bear witness to the results of our modern day 'Charge of the Light Brigade' daily in our newspapers, on our favorite internet news sites, on our favorite blogs, and via Fox and CNN. My point is that the current crises will necessitate some rather unpalatable structural changes for the United States. The abandonment of legacy admissions may be one of them. A guy goes to his wife with a business idea. He has had them before, and his use of their savings has taken the couple's net worth to below zero when the debts that he has incurred are factored in. The thing is, he believes that this business will be different. This is the one that will turn things around for them. A bit skeptical, the wife hears the husband out. At length, the husband finishes his 'pitch'. Still skeptical, the wife tells him that while she would love to help him give this new business a try, they are out of money, and are obliged to start paying down debts at this point. Relieved at being able to blame their situation for the denial as opposed to her skepticism, the wife tries to move the conversation to a different topic. When the husband hits upon an idea. They still have a sizable sum of money in the kid's college fund!!! Just enough to get him started!!! ---- People we are broke. I would suggest everyone accommodate themselves to the new fiscal realities coagulating around us. To continue to spend in the hopes that some future generation will pick up the bill is morally unconscionable. It is also contrary to our self interests by the way. As it is highly likely that the most damaging consequences of our financial mismanagement will develop in a more immediate time frame. That is, it is likely that you only THINK your kids will be the ones saddled with the consequences. In our current situation, it is far more probable that you will. If a business enterprise requires government assistance to make it economically feasible then alarm bells should be going off in our heads with regard to the economic efficiency of that enterprise. Annakin: You mean using this 'Java' and 'C or C++' he could actually . . . command . . . IBM Cell Processors. Bring multi core programming to life? Chancellor Palpatine: 'Java' and 'C or C++', Annakin, are pathways to many abilities SOME would consider to be . . . UNNATURAL. Annakin: Is it possible to learn these skills? Chancellor Palpatine: NOT from a Jedi. or, if you choose . . . Annakin: You . . . KNOW 'Java' and 'C'? Emperor-Imminent Palpatine: If we wish to understand the FULL nature of the coding universe, we must embrace a . . . a LARGER view of hacking Annakin. Not just the DOGMATIC assertions of the Jedi. Annakin: YOU"RE the hacker everyone's been looking for. You represent 'Java'! Emperor-Imminent Palpatine: Are you going to kill me? Annakin: I would certainly like to! Emperor-Imminent Palpatine: Yeeesssss . . . I can FEEL your anger. It gives you FOCUS! Uhh . . . Maybe this writer is unfamiliar with how Africa works. Rwanda last year exported 250 million USD worth of coltan. Unfamiliar with what coltan is? It's the African name for columbite-tantalite. Still not ringing a bell? Well you can extract niobium and, most importantly, tantalum from it. The same tantalum that facilitates the use of that nice shiny iPhone you probably own. Don't own an iPhone? You still use tantalum, it's in every other cell phone too! As well as your laptop, and DVD player but I digress. I was talking about the 250 million USD worth of coltan that Rwanda sold on the global market last year. Yeah, a curious thing though, Rwanda does not have any natural deposits of coltan. The only deposits in the area are in DR Congo. Where Rwanda is supporting Tutsi militias to 'protect the people from discrimination'. Someone must have forgotten to tell the people though, because every time the Tutsi militias approach a city, the people flee in terror. I recently spoke with a Swiss friend of mine who stayed with me for a while after returning from the Congo and before she went back to Lausanne. She works for the UN and had occasion to go meet Laurent NKunda before the rest of the world woke up to what Rwanda was up to. Laurent Nkunda is the leader of these Tutsi 'protectors'. At any rate, as she traveled up the road from the lines of the government troops to Nkunda's, she noticed something at the roadblock he had set up that told her all she needed to know about him. You see, his roadblock was composed of the bodies of his victims, topped with heads. Now the Americans sail in, and say Rwanda and Congo should negotiate with this man. What?!?! And, if that was not bad enough, we now have people in the West saying we should allow Rwanda to continue to export coltan. Only now we'll make it legal under the guise of free-trade. OK. Setting aside the crimes against humanity that this man has committed against literally millions of Congolese civilians. How can we reward the violation of another nation's sovereignty for the exploitation of their mineral wealth? What's to stop Nigeria from pulling the same crap in Cameroon for the oil riches? Or Angola from sweeping into Namibia for the diamonds? There are a million potential situations like this on a continent as rich in minerals as Africa. This idea would set a HORRIBLE precedent. I am shocked that the NYTimes would even entertain printing it. I suppose I'm making too much of it though. This would never happen, the African Union would not support it for just the reasons I outlined above. Still, irks me that someone would present that as a 'solution'. Less corruption in India? Haven't been to India very often have you? In Ningbo they look pretty full. But Ningbo is small, only 5 or 6 million people. Is this a joke? Uhh ... you do realize Blythe basically INVENTED the CDS right? Maybe I am misunderstanding what you are trying to say, but ALL of the big investment firms were in on this. In fact, the system would not have failed if any one of the investment banks had not played their role. If you are a quant we can get into arguing the fatal flaw of uncleared counterparties. But from my perspective when everyone is a counterparty, and EVERYONE was, there is nowhere to run when things go bad. Could you clarify what you mean for me please? Incidentally, the quote is correct, the heads of everyone from Bear to Goldman would have been summarily dismissed if they had failed to play their roles. All because of the 'innovation' of one, as it turns out, not so bright quant at JPMorgan. Astounding isn't it? One issue that I have with all of the analysis of the current crisis coming from the left and the right is the intellectual dishonesty that they engage in. They seem hesitant to say, 'look, the nature of the world's economies have changed. The thing is, we have only a tenuous idea as to how.' For example, long ago, when production was king, the hierarchy of real estate values in port cities went like this: Industrial (Port or Factory) > Office > Residential This was based on the belief, widely held by the nation's businessmen at the time, that the value of a given 'widget' is related in a very real sense to the total value of the things that 'widget' will produce in the future. This rule was true for valuing everything, real estate is just a convenient example here. Well fast forward to the late 1990's and all of a sudden a businessperson finds that there is profit to be made converting factories, warehouses, and even entire ports to condos. That is, converting industrial real estate to residential real estate created profit for developers who undertook to do it. Now in a normal economy perhaps this could happen in a few places as production shifted elsewhere. What we need to consider though is that this was happening in virtually every American city of any appreciable size. This was drawing down American productive capacity in a systematic fashion. Where new productive capacity was built, it was built outside of the cities. In essence, FURTHER away from the ports. This indicates that the planners foresaw a diminished interest in exporting anything that was produced. Now all of that might make perfect sense, I would need more data to make that determination. My point is that people on the left in the right tend to neglect an in depth analysis of trends like this, and instead appeal to what might be termed 'soundbite economics'. 'It's the unbridled greed of the elites!' Or, 'Well this is what happens when the government forces you to give loans to poor minorities!' The fact the market was buying these bonds and entering into these mortgage contracts, makes little difference to people who make the 'unbridled greed of the elites' argument. The fact that the market consists of many times as many teachers, police officers, and plumbers as investment bankers and real estate developers, is similarly ignored. On the other side, the self evident reality that striving yuppies rather than impoverished minorities were the ones buying this new housing, and then defaulting, is conveniently omitted from their protestations of government interference. In any case, we would be far better served to look at things going on in our real estate market and ask what do these things tell us about the fundamental nature of our larger economy? As I said, I would need more data to make a determination as to the appropriateness of some of the pricing that was happening. That said, at the very least, the seeming financial prudence of converting industrial to residential should have told us, 'Hey, guys, here's something you should look at to make sure things make sense with respect to where you want your nation's economy to go in the future. Because I know in the past you always thought that production was king, but your pricing is saying otherwise right now.' I think the economic world may have changed, and since we are still making decisions the way we have always made them, we find ourselves in a crisis. I'm no professional economist, still, I believe we really need to be able to articulate where and how the economic world has changed prior to prescribing solutions. An exhaustive enumeration would be ideal, though it is inessential. I just mean that policy makers should have SOME idea how things have changed at that fundamental level, and whether those changes make sense for the United States. I told you all of that to tell you this. People on the left and the right making these arguments through their respective think tanks, would have as much trouble as anyone else enumerating the changes in economic fundamentals that have developed in the past say, 20 or 30 years. The difference is, intellectual honesty. That is, most are willing to acknowledge that deficit, whereas think tank gurus will give you an answer that aligns with their school of thought. Without regard to any of the contradicting facts. What's really interesting is all of the 'ship jumpers' lamenting how much better it was at Microsoft. That's not a jab at Microsoft. I was just thinking there must be something there with respect to employee benefits, or maybe just employee treatment, that other large companies may want to look at. Out of curiosity, are there any ex-MSFT employees here that could tell us what you like or dislike about MSFT? I guess the most illustrative ideas might come from knowing what you MISSED when you left MSFT. If anything. "Elon Musk has issued an email confessing that it had no idea actual production costs for the $92,000 Roadster would run closer to $140,000." There will be some interesting times ahead of us. There are many business people like this in the United States today. It is a little endemic to the type of education we receive in my opinion. Business people here can give you the formula for compound interest off the top of their heads. And tell you how much money they are making on the cash they have in the bank with impressive detail. Yet when you get to the part of due diligence where you ask them about amortization issues on their plan to manufacture a new type of widget, the eyes glaze over and you can hear the song and dance in their reply. So even though you know it's not the best thing for the country . . . you recommend that they outsource manufacturing. Facilities like CRA and TIF did not contribute to the housing crisis in the manner you postulate. They contributed by giving real estate developers political and, more importantly, financial cover for redeveloping inner city areas. The areas redeveloped were full of impoverished people, BUT the areas were not redeveloped FOR the impoverished people. Generally, those people were moved out to section 8 housing, (rentals), and new people would come in. People who were decidedly non poor. Then, of course, those people started to default on their mortgages and the rest is history. Witness the downtown condo boom that happened across the US. Then witness the downtown condo bust that is happening presently. Been to Chicago or Miami lately? So, in short, the developers never sold their condos to "ex-strippers on work release and Taco Bell clerks". They sold them to retirees, empty-nesters, and a crapload of yuppies and speculators. Now the data coming in right now, at least the data for the developer that I worked for, seems to indicate that selling to yuppies and speculators was a mistake. But the gentrification of those neighborhoods was not a mistake, in my own opinion. I know others may think differently. One of the major issues in this debate is the disconnect in how things like CRA are perceived, and how they are implemented. If you check the CRA what you will discover is that it is intended to increase lending in 'disadvantaged communities'. That's right, the loans are based on neighborhood, not individual disadvantages. For instance, an impoverished person from inner city Chicago finds a great deal on a house in Evanston, a suburb. CRA does NOT cover this situation, as you imply, because Evanston is not a 'disadvantaged community'. Same guy wants to buy a house in inner city Chicago and CRA DOES cover his situation. That's where the fun starts! It's at that point that people like me were helping large development firms come in and buy up property in the 'disadvantaged communities'. You keep just enough poor people to keep the disadvantaged designation and you build condos that sell like hot cakes. Usually you set aside a few units in every building for 'disadvantaged' people to buy. But here's the beauty of it. Most municipalities classify 'economically disadvantaged' as 'at or below the median income' for that municipality. By way of example, in Madison, WI, at the time, I believe it was $50000 per year that made you 'economically disadvantaged'. Make below $50000 per year, and you would qualify for one of the set aside units. The developer still made a killing, the cities looked like they were helping regular folks, and crime in the downtown areas dropped dramatically. Of course, now we see the mortgage crisis and the unintended consequences, but it all seemed like a good idea at the time. And parts of it were a good idea. Now, I don't know who explained CRA to you. But I can tell you unequivocally that for developers tools like this were VITAL. TIF as well. Downtown redevelopment rarely works without them. IF it is the case that politicians wanted to help these people, then they should have written the law so that it centered on the people and not the neighborhoods. My own opinion is that the real estate development industry probably lobbied hard to have CRA center on the idea of disadvantaged neighborhood. Because the whole thing was just too easy to not have been planned. In summary, take my word for it, I am VERY well versed with urban real estate development. CRA was not, indeed cannot, be used in the fashion you intimate. If someone told you that CRA obliged a bank to loan to people who could not afford it, then I'm afraid you've been misinformed. CRA obliges banks to lend in NEIGHBORHOODS that are disadvantaged. It is not by accident that many luxury condo developments are in formerly sketch areas. Nor is it a happenstance that the 'downtown condo' rose to prominence with the expansion of CRA. Go to any major city in the US and find a long time resident to walk around downtown with you. The story s/he will tell you will go something like this: "Boy, I can remember when this was a really dangerous area. But they really have fixed it up haven't they! When my kid goes off to college, we're thinking of moving down here!" And finally, as always, don't take my word for it. That was your mistake before, when you took the word of someone else that CRA obliged banks to lend to people who could not afford it. What I would encourage you to do is read through the act your self. Start here, http://www.ffiec.gov/cra/ . You will see that 'communities' and 'neighborhoods' are the units of interest. Always get the data on your own kid. There are a lot of people out there trying to manipulate right now. Left wing socialists, right wing corporatists. Trust no one! Go read it for yourself. A nice data point. Though, the critical thinker will immediately notice that the article discusses foreclosures, and not foreclosures on CRA loans. Indeed, a little research will confirm that most of the places you listed, do not qualify for CRA. For instance, Lehigh Acres (Ft. Meyers FL), often described as ground zero of the mortgage crisis would have in no way qualified for CRA loans. Contrast that with the North and South Carolinas. Both states have huge, impoverished, minority communities. Both states have communities that make liberal use of CRA. Odd, is it not, that these states should be so relatively void of foreclosures. An interesting exercise I am trying to engage in is to determine, what percentage of CRA loans were defaulted on in comparison to Fannie and Freddie loans. It is difficult to determine as right now Fannie and Freddie seem almost desperate to keep that information opaque. Why? What I can say is that here is a telling datapoint, Fannie and Freddy have collapsed, but Ginnie is still going strong. What problems Ginnie has, it got through foolhardy government attempts to save Fannie and Freddy. "What is Ginnie?", you ask. Ginnie Mae is the explicitly government backed entity that handles all of the FHA HUD housing stuff, indian (native American) housing, housing for military veterans etc. Incidentally, FHA HUD housing provides loans explicitly to those with low credit scores and low incomes. Strange, don't you think, that they are not having trouble right now? I mean given that these are exactly the people who are alleged to have caused the problem. Even more curious that Fannie and Freddy would collapse, considering Ginnie was the one on the hook for all of these low credit score mortgages. Again, as always, I know there are a lot of people shooting off their mouths right now, so I invite you to look these things up. You may find it helpful to start here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government_National_Mortgage_As... . Then there is an explication of exactly what CRA does here http://www.ffiec.gov/cra/ . And finally, you may think wikipedia is biased, so I would encourage you to read more about Ginnie Mae here http://ginniemae.gov . Finally, take a look at the map on the link you sent out in your post http://www.usatoday.com/money/economy/housing/2009-03-05-for... and compare the North and South Carolinas to say California. Now you are probably asking why you've never heard of this stuff before? Because data, takes analysis and critical thought. It doesn't fit well in a soundbite. Seneca said that a lie could make it halfway around the world before a fact could get its shoes on. The great CRA debate is a textbook example of this phenomenon. Again, CRA is centered around the concept of NEIGHBORHOOD investment. Not investment in minorities. When you say: > I'm confused as to which part of the act you are speaking about. Perhaps you could post the link to the relevant statute, and we can discuss this based on the data. Regarding the links you provided, again, what is the relative default rate? This is the key piece of data we need. Even better, would be the absolute amounts of money that were defaulted on. That said, I would observe that it is interesting, wouldn't you say, that default rates on FHA HUD loans should be so public, and default rates on the Fannie and Freddy backed stuff so closed. Even more interesting that, as I said in response to your other post, Ginnie Mae should still be solvent considering Fannie and Freddy are basket cases. Finally, I am uncertain as to how the links you provided support the assertion that CRA precludes banks who don't lend to minorities from acquiring or being acquired. If you would elaborate on the connection I could determine better whether or not I agree with you. I'm not trying to make you angry here, but intellectual honesty demands that I point out the fact that these clauses do not state that banks must lend to minorities. They state that banks must meet '...the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods..." A 'low- and moderate-income' neighborhood in the process of redevelopment has a surprisingly large credit need, though not much of it goes to the 'low- and moderate-income' people living there. I have already gone over the redevelopment thing above. Further, the clause goes on to state, '...consistent with the safe and sound operation of such institution;'. Which is the loop hole that most financial institutions use to get out of their CRA lending obligations when no redevelopment is happening in qualified neighborhoods. In short, banks don't have to lend if they think lending will affect their safe operation. So you have submitted a set of clauses that say that banks must lend to economically disadvantaged neighborhoods. The clauses you reference do not say that banks must lend to economically disadvantaged people. This is my material point, and the pivot on which the majority of urban redevelopment turns. Just as an aside, lending encompasses more than just mortgages. For example, I can also qualify for a lot of CRA, or TIF type help if I construct . . . say . . . a small business incubator in one of these economically disadvantaged neighborhoods. The only reason I say that is because I am starting to get the feeling that you believe the entire USD4.2 Trillion was given on mortgage loans for minorities. Thanks a lot to skrealty and tortilla. I don't do blogs, because I believe there are too many as it is. I try to encourage people to go to actual reliable data sources to get information. My thinking is that this will lead to a more informed discussion, and get at least a few more people in the habit of questioning and verifying news and information sources. I think we are all responsible for what Maria Montessori called, "...Creating that habit of hearts and minds necessary to the functioning of a great democracy..." In this case however, I think I may have hit a nerve here, and that was not my intention. People seem to be getting really angry, so I thought it was best for me to stop commenting. I'm out of real estate investing now, and currently do tech investing stuff. Mostly gaming like everyone else it seems, but it is keeping me very busy. I do wish you luck with the endeavor though. Thanks again guys, it is good to know that there are at least a few people I did not offend. EXACTLY!!! Commodities and equities were leveraged as well at AIG. Leveraging that the CDS business provided capital to finance. It's all connected. I think this guy is choosing facts to put himself and his team in the best light. There are probably a lot of people over there dressing down the CDS guys for being incredibly irresponsible, and the CDS guys were, I'm not trying to deny that. That said, the other business lines were more than willing to leverage off of that irresponsibility when the bets were going the right way. I think it is time for ALL of us to admit our complicity in the current disaster. Wall Street was incredibly irresponsible. Regulators didn't regulate. And WE the American people, bought a lot of stuff we could not afford, and didn't save nearly as much as we should. Consider this, do you work for a company that exists solely due to the presence of investment capital? If so, do you feel a burning need to leave your position and go to work for a company that actually sells real things, to real people or companies, for real money? I am not denigrating anyone here. My only point is that the sooner everyone owns up to their part, the sooner we can do what we need to move on. We should stop trying to hang it all on Bush, or regulators, or bankers, or Republican Congressmen like Phil Gramm, or Democratic Congressmen like Chris Dodd. Or on the guy down the hall, as the guy in the article is trying to do. They all played a role, but it was a team effort. We all contributed to this crisis. Now it is true that some contributed more than others. But for a guy who works at AIGFP to claim to be blameless, is fanciful if counter productive at best, and potentially divisive in the style of Marie Antoinette at worst. Probably somewhere in between like most of these things. It is doubtful that this will perform well on the load that one would need to service the video gamers who would want to use it, read ... everyone. Let's see 140 million PS2's, 20 million PS3's, 45 million Wii's, and right around 27 million xbox 360's. I'll be generous and not count the kids still gaming on the original xbox. That makes about 233 million possible customers. Let's be nice again and suppose that only 1% of those people are interested in worry free, console free, multiplayer high end gaming via the net. I know, the real number is at least an order of magnitude higher, but I'm being kind. That brings us to 2.3 million people hitting these servers a night, all of them pulling down a 720p stream. Nightly bandwidth cost? Now consider the computing horse power needed to generate and then compress all of those streams. Amazon EC2 is not going to get you there. But let's suppose all of this works as advertised! There is no way Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo would NOT compete against you in that market, the only question is when will they make their entry. Or maybe the sleeping tigers. NVidia, Intel, and to a lesser extent AMD. They come along and put extensions in their drivers that work only on their clouds. Programmers have to use NVidia's drivers anyway, they do not need to use this company's SDK however. But by far the greatest concern of this company should be Apple. By making their product hardware and server software based, they are putting themselves on terrain that Apple knows FAR better than they. In fact, Apple knows it far better than anyone in the gaming industry. This is exactly the mistake the music industry made. I remember video of a guy from Sony and Universal laughing at the first iPod. What could Apple do? Well they could come along and revolutionize your revolutionary technology. Like, say, building an Apple gaming cloud that only talks to the iPhone, iPod Touch, and the new iTVGameConsole. And vice versa. They could even make an online store to buy games for their cloud. They might call it like . . . I don't know . . . iTunes Media Store, or something like that. I am not sanguine about this company's future. But the future for technology like this is pretty bright. I'll put my money on an Apple partnership with NVidia. Open a 400 person coding shop in Ningbo and try to get everyone there to write in English, or even understand it. Good luck with that. Working in markets with large numbers of non English speakers is quite difficult, as the article implies. Very profitable though. Chinese people like games as much as we do, and they will actually pay for them!!! They pirate plenty of software, including games, but they pay big money for the virtual goods you sell inside the games! Wow! She also claims it was "a loooot of fun!" I can't decide whether she is self absorbed, or just an idiot. I suppose she could be both. "To prepare bids he locked himself in his office to write a computer program with 50 variables (now 250), ranging from home price changes by neighborhood to interest rates to origination dates." - Forbes.com 2009 "Beware of geeks bearing formulas" - Warren Buffet 2008 I'd add, a halfway decent pizza in Havana. When Cuba opens up, the first decent pizza place to go down there is going to make a killing! Seriously, there the pizza is terrible, doesn't matter if you are in Havana, Santiago, or Gerona. OK, I'll bite. I should preface this by saying that I am looking for more information on why watching the sources of VC money is bad. So if there is a finance guy out here please let me know where my thinking is flawed. Now treasury wants to watch the sources of certain asset classes so that, say, asset class A can't be a proxy for high risk asset class B. Now I assume, (and we all know what assuming does), this is to prevent the finance by proxy of high risk asset class B through low risk leverage via asset class A. That seems, to me, to be imminently sensible given the education we've all received through the present crisis. Perhaps I have missed something. Any help from finance guys would be greatly appreciated. Until, of course, peering agreements are renegotiated. I think this is where other bandwidth providers will stick it to Google. They only have leverage for the moment. It's like falling off a cliff. Everyone thinks . . . "so far . . . so good" on the way down. But it's not the period that you are falling that is important, it's how you stop when you reach the bottom. Back when I was a faculty member at the University of Wisconsin there was a raging debate on this very issue. Oh to be a fly on the wall right now! At Wisconsin, UT-Austin, Michigan or North Carolina. What these administrators must be thinking! With money from the states going down, do you continue to let in under qualified students from your own state? Or do you go private and run admissions as a true meritocracy, and make a few bucks in the process? What will the people of the state think when their "top 5% of her high school class" daughter gets a letter telling her to hit the bricks? Keep in mind, they don't know that the top 5% in an American high school is not the same thing as the top 5% in say . . . a secondary school in Singapore. Do Universities have an obligation to educate the people of the states they serve? There is no denying that the current system is, in effect, affirmative action for white people. Supported by a level of public expenditure that is probably unsustainable long term. The question is, does everyone deserve a shot at a good education no matter how much money you have, or where you went to high school? If so, what is the best way to make that happen? My own opinion was that the best thing for these states to do is to go private with their Universities and use them as immigration magnets. That way the state and its businesses benefit by having some of those students stay on after graduation. The University thrives, since, at least in Wisconsin's case, it would have the funds to support its teaching mission. And finally, the public expenditures being made to support these facilities are eliminated. You keep some level of affirmative action, and you expand the qualifications to include say 'people from the state we serve'. There is a quota, so not everyone who wants to would get in, but there would be some number of state residents in the student body. Added benefit, you really would get only the better students from that state since competition would be so fierce. I realize that each University's situation is different. Even with that in mind I think that, at the University level, privatized education can work extremely well for the student, the University, local businesses, and the community. >"Of course, I'm not a big fan of this whole train of logic, because it tries to create (even if just implicitly) group classes that pay costs or receive benefits, and I dislike any world view that attributes costs and benefits on groups larger than an individual." I respect that position. In general, I do too. I didn't mean to come off like that. I used the affirmative action comparison, because we are all familiar with it. >"Are you asserting that entrance to state schools disproportionately helps whites? Affirmative action standards work to boost under qualified blacks and hispanics, and hold back qualified Asians. The net effect on whites is, if anything, a bit of a penalty." So going back to my post, perhaps I should say that currently, residents of the state of Wisconsin, who happen to be white but could be any color, get into the University of Wisconsin with less qualification than let's say . . . the typical foreign student applicant. At the same time, the foreign student will pay more in tuition. Now affirmative action was the first familiar label in my head that could be used to describe such a system. There may be others, or we may want to come up with a more politically correct term for it to use during the course of the discussion. Again, affirmative action was a comparison I used to provide context. I didn't assert that the affirmative action program at UW helps whites, just that the ADMISSIONS program at UW helps Wisconsin residents. Who happen to be white, but could be any color for the purposes of the discussion. >"Are you asserting that whites, taken as a whole, get more dollar value out of state schools than they pay in taxes? If so, I'll assert that whites pay a higher percent of taxes than whites make up a percent of state school student bodies." Again, I am not asserting that white people get more out than they put in. I am asserting that Wisconsin residents, "taken as a whole, get more dollar value out of state schools than they pay in taxes". Absolutely. The amount of money the state gives the University of Wisconsin is, by design, just a token amount. Enough to claim the University as public. So very few of your tax dollars actually end up at the University. For that small amount, tens of thousands of Wisconsin residents are, every year, given an education that anyone else would have to pay 3 to 4 times as much for. Surely you can see the asymmetry there. If there were no asymmetry, in fact, there would be no debate on going private. Just to be fair, I tried a couple of your queries with Google, and the answers were not forthcoming either. But I suppose with Google I could do some SEO and get the answers to show up. Whereas I am not sure how to do that with Wolfram. Of course it only just came out. The queries I tried were: Q:distance traveled by space shuttle in one day A:Lots of links, none of which gives canonical answer. Q:explosive energy of five sticks of dynamite A:Lots of links, only a few of which deal with dynamite the explosive. Query time was roughly 9:30 AM Central Time Sunday May 16, 2009. Still, I think both Google and Wolfram will go to this model over time. Which, of course, will be terrible for Google since revenue wise it is a one trick pony. I think it will be better for us though. It does seem more natural for me to ask for the population of Ningbo, and just get an answer instead of a list of links. I wonder why they don't do profit sharing? Oh wait! Never mind. As an aside, I have noticed more and more profit sharing in China recently. Maybe it is only because my Mandarin is finally getting respectable, and I can now interpret what was there the whole time. But it is an interesting contrast. Our workers get 'cash-outs' or 'guaranteed bonuses' in the case of bankers. Their workers are forced to share in the profits, AND losses of the company. Time will tell which is the better incentive system I suppose. One more thing I know people will get a kick out of, over there they also have another crazy idea. If they make profits, they split it among the shareholders as well! I think it was Yunnan that just made the largest payout ever to A-share holders a few months back, March maybe. Largest payouts for China that is, but there is a bit of a competition among the companies to one up each other. Imagine that. "...why are you not the least bit skeptical of the standard American propaganda about the civil war?" Because it is not propaganda it is true. They tried to fight the Civil War for political and financial reasons, it didn't work. No one wanted to fight. The feeling, particularly in the West of the then US, was "Oh . . . the south wants to leave? . . . Well good riddance to bad garbage!" This was the nineteenth century equivalent of "Don't let the doorknob hit ya' where the Good Lord split ya'". So they had to switch, mid stream, to fighting over slavery. Believe me, the people doing the fighting after the switch DEFINITELY believed the war was about slavery. If you believe for a second that those Lutheran fanatic farm boys from Minnesota and Wisconsin gave a hat about political expediency . . . actually if you even believe they could spell political expediency, you are probably mistaken. The reason Princes and Presidents go to war don't mean anything, what matters is why peasants go to war. In Iraq, afghanistan and in the Civil War the peasants went to war for RELIGIOUS not political reasons. What won the Civil War was Lincoln freeing the slaves with the Emancipation Proclamation. Why? Because even though it meant very little to anyone else, all of the Lutheran fanatics in Minnesota, Wisconsin, northern Iowa and elsewhere in the upper midwest joined the fight in earnest. Just like when the Ba'ath party all of a sudden found religion and convinced the unwashed muslim masses to send their sons to Iraq. In both cases, these poorly educated, but deeply religious young men believed that GOD told them to go fight. In one case to free the slaves, in the other to fight the Crusaders who had come to eradicate Islam. Getting your peasants to fight and believe is how you win wars. Its just that most of the peasants in the American North weren't satisfied with Lincoln's word that he would free the slaves. They waited until he actually did it, and then they joined the cause. As a bonus they were rough and tumble farm stock, who did their own work. They didn't have slaves doing it for them. They planted, harvested, bailed hay, picked stones, and all manner of other back breaking manual labor. They did all of this in deep snow and often sub-zero weather before the advent of central heating, electricity, tractors,or other modern conveniences. Now tens of thousands of them, at a time, could be sent south to take up the slavery issue with plantation gentlemen who caught cold if the temperature dropped below 40 degrees. Do you see where this is going? Add to this the fact that they all believed that God had sent them on a divine errand, and you begin to get an idea of why Lincoln was so sure he could save the Union by freeing the slaves. The south lost the war with the Emancipation Proclamation. Now here is the thing, the reason for any war, is NOT the reason the leaders claim. In the end, it is whatever reason the peasants are fighting for. So for Bush to continue talking about freedom and Democracy, when the enemy is recruiting millions by talking about the annihilation of Islam was foolish. The same was true of the leadership of the Civil War south. They kept talking about State's rights. Have you ever tried to explain the primacy of State's rights to ten thousand poorly educated religious fanatics with firearms? I suggest you refrain from doing so. What the south was faced with were old school jihadis. The Christian kind, which are far more dangerous. Think about it, they would give their lives WITHOUT the promise of 72 virgins in heaven. All of a sudden, the northern armies went from being armies that marched well, and looked pretty, to being armies that fought well, and looked terrible. Just for shits and giggles Google yourselves a picture of General McClellan . . . Then Google yourselves an image of William T. Sherman's ugly mug. Lee himself commented on this change. What do you do against an army that, suddenly is willing to countenance enormous losses just to kill you? You run, which is what most of the southern armies spent a good part of the last half of the war doing. And it was smart of them to do so, maybe with time that fighting spirit will wear itself out in the North. It's just that time ran out for them. Problem is, then you would have to have a union guy on the supreme court. Then a tech guy. Then a media guy. Then, of course, a manufacturing guy. What about the teachers? Then naturally, someone from education administration since you want to be fair. What about the most important industry of all, agriculture? Your empire won't last very long without food! Let's not forget the Doctors. Again, to be fair, we will need to give a place at the table to insurers as well. Ooops! I forgot the handicapped. Now to balance things out there we will need an Olympic medalist in track and field, or swimming. Etc. Etc. Ad Infinitum. I hope everyone can see where that line of thinking takes us. Mandating diversity of background is even more asinine than mandating diversity on the basis of race or sex. Is free speech restricted in the United States? Because we have had pretty lousy government the past 25 years or so. Culminating in the late financial system coup de grace. My point is that the issue of free speech does not seem to be related to the probability of having poor governance. And this is coming from a person who was a pretty big believer in free speech being a guarantor of good governance. On a related note, a story from Ningbo. This is a small place, about 2.5 million people south of Shanghai. If China has an Austin-Berkeley-Madison feel city, this is probably it. Anyway, the police chase down a guy for theft and the guy made a such a big stink about it that a crowd couldn't help but to watch. He protested, vehemently, that the police were brutalizing him. My Mandarin is good enough to understand that he also had some choice words about their collective character. Finally, he demanded to speak to his attorney. What struck me was this . . . the guy never said "there's about to be a gross miscarriage of justice!", or "You have the wrong man!", or "I didn't do it!" He said the police were brutal and he wanted his lawyer. That spoke volumes to me about the rights of the individual in China. It was my ah-hah! moment. I felt like the young Michael Corleone in the Godfather II. Realizing Fidel would win, after watching a confrontation in Havana between a group of rebels and Batista's army. The people of China will be fine. Maybe there are some wrinkles to iron out here or there, but if criminals feel free enough to cry "police brutality!" and "I want my lawyer!" when they get arrested, you're probably doing ok. This article is somewhat poorly put together. There is a good chance that their conclusions are erroneous. That said . . . I have replaced Google with Bing as the default search provider in the browsers on my machines. So the central idea of the article may have merit. Just an idea . . . perhaps we could take an HN poll on the question of how many HNers have switched their browser search provider to Bing. I wish I could upvote you more. I am learning Farsi right now, so naturally I am trying to follow all of the happenings in Iran as best I can. There is an interesting exchange on CNN, for instance, that is really disturbing me. Christiane Amanpour asked M. Ahmedinejad if he would guarantee the safety of his rival. He said everyone is equal under the law, Mousavi would get a fine just like anyone else. Which is a strange answer to that question, almost like he was answering a different question. At any rate, CNN reported it as "Ahmedinejad declines to guarantee rival's safety". Well, I speak a lot of languages, one of them is French. A while later I was bouncing around lemonde.fr and got to another version of the same exchange. Only this time the translations were audible. The translation for safety was strange, it was not safety, it was a phrase akin to 'safety from law'. Now my Farsi is terrible, so maybe 'safety' is always translated this way. I would need more info to know, just like you said. It does leave me with troubling questions though. Why does CNN not air the translations? It's probably perfectly innocent because Christiane Amanpour looked confused as well. So I wonder, was the translator making translations that confused more than just me? Given the confusion evident in this whole exchange, why did CNN report it as it did? I think this is a textbook case of what you are talking about. Because, for me, the '... cultural and language barriers...' are dulling my sense of deception. That said, I can tell that something is out of place with a lot of the reporting around this issue. There were predictive estimates. Washington Post estimated Ahmadinejad victory by margin of 2:1 about 3 weeks before the election based on polling data. There are also rumors sifting out of the intelligence community that the margin was expected to be about 2:1. Obviously the rumored intelligence report I cannot verify. The Washington Post report is elaborated on here: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8101841.stm (Just search the article text for 'Washington Post' if you are not interested in the rest.) I'm starting to get the feeling that this was not a rigged election. Let's suppose, however, that 100% of the undecided went for Mousavi. Well, he would have just barely won, about 55-56%. It is statistically improbable that 100% went for Mousavi. So while we are not talking about something that was mathematically impossible, we are talking about something that was statistically improbable. I take it from your comment and all of its upvotes that you and a good number of the people who read HN think that we should help the protesters. I'll have to respectfully disagree. As a general rule I find distasteful, the idea of handing control of a nation that is a stone's throw away from having nuclear arms over to guys whose idea of protest is to stand on rooftops screaming Allahu-Akbar while burning buses. I'm just saying. Judging by the silence out of Washington and London I would bet there are a lot of people seeing the same thing. Even more are sitting around tables talking about the outcome of the last student led pro democracy revolution in Iran. Some are even remembering our history helping promising, bright young pro democracy students in the middle east. You know . . . like Osama Bin Laden. I think that message has been communicated to the Iranian opposition though, given the peaceful nature of the marches today. Especially when contrasted with the behavior of the opposition marchers on previous days. Still, some of us have some legitimate concerns. And, judging by the upvotes, some of us have short memories. Just a question, do you believe that Ahmadinejad lost? It's late and I'm tired so I'll just come to the point. The OP advocated intervention on the part of the US. Now presumably he or she is advocating intervention on the side of the opposition. An opposition that may have been unsuccessful at the ballot box it must be said. At the same time he is being upvoted by people, I am assuming like yourself, who are saying it's: "Time for the rest of the world to just stand back and let Iran decide its own future" What is being discussed by the OP, and on this thread however, is how to help the protesters. I was giving my reasons for a careful consideration of the consequences of helping these particular protesters. Let's be honest and admit that people here are discussing something other than self rule. And it is my opinion that whenever we start talking like that, things go horribly wrong. Perhaps now, perhaps twenty years from now, but they do go wrong. Or perhaps you don't consider CIA airdrops of encrypted satellite phones interference? Again, just a question. Are you implying that the form of intervention being advocated will restore that trust? OK. Then we agree on non interference. Which is the material point. Just some points in the way of precision . . . I am as vehemently opposed to helping Tibetan pro democracy agitators as I am to helping Iranian pro democracy agitators. Or, more accurately, I believe that the pro democracy agitators that we "like" should be left to sink or swim as well. Also, I disagree on your assertion that passive support should be offered to pro democracy movements. It is "side picking" of the sort you said you disagree with. Then again, it might be illustrative to ask you whether you would want Twitter to forego their maintenance if Ahmadinejad's followers were using it to organize their rallies? I strongly suspect that the State Department would have made a call of a different nature to Twitter under the circumstances that question postulates. In any case, in the end, we screw up passive interference as well. Anyone care to hazard a guess at what Facebook and SMS have in common? Their communication channels are, by default, private. Either the Facebook friends list or the mobile phone address book has to be accessed to send a message. And then only the receiver will get it. Interesting, is it not, that the communication channel that is by default public has been left unfettered through all of these disruptions. That is a frightening prospect. It is interesting that in all of this analysis the obvious explanation is not explored. That is, perhaps re jiggering election boundaries IS the fraud that makes the UK election results fail Benford's Law. After all, Benford's Law does not indicate HOW fraud occurred, only that there is a good likelihood that some sort of manipulation is going on. This is the first sensible statement on political systems I have heard in a long time. You are absolutely correct, the problem in Iran is not a lack of democracy, it is tyranny through democratic means. Just because you win an election, does that mean you should be able to do something that the other 49% of the people find intolerable? It depends on whether you believe in democracy as a guiding principle, or in democracy as the letter of the law. The belief in democracy as the letter of the law, is, in my opinion, democracy taken to the extreme. It is the definition proffered by those who would use democracy as a cover for wanting, winning, and wielding power over those who may, legitimately, disagree with them. Democracy is a beautiful idea. Now, thanks to the efforts of politicians in democracies of all stripes, not just those in Iran, it has become the principle endorser of divisiveness in the world of ideas. It is being used to give violently divisive ideas an air of legitimacy that they do not deserve. To be fair. It should be noted that US and UK elections have far larger variances than the elections in Iran. I suspect it is because incumbent politicians are allowed to engage in 're-districting'. I would need more data to make a definitive statement on the 'why'. In my view though, when Republicans carve out new districts in Mississippi and Louisiana, and when Democrats carve out new districts in Chicago, it is a form of election tampering. A very effective form of election tampering. Only the evidence of having tampered with the elections via re-districting shows up via Benford's law. Again, that part is just a theory. The explanation could be as simple as tamperers stuffing ballot boxes in the US as well. Hello, I am putting together information on the Iranian elections for a report I am doing on the political risks of international investment. The information that I have collected thus far indicated that the highest rate of non respondents in the indicated polls was 43%. That was the rate for the Washington Post poll. Would it be possible for you to share the polling data with me for the polls with non respondent rates higher than 43%. That data would be EXTREMELY helpful to me. I'm sorry, but I think that tweet is unbelievably tasteless. I'll just have to take the down votes. Good article, but the author uses a few logical fallacies, and ignores some inconvenient facts, to prove his point. ---- Firstly, on the Great Depression in 1933 The Great Depression did not threaten or undermine "...the male breadwinner model of the family..." economic model. It undermined the ANY breadwinner of the family economic model. The author falls into an intellectual trap that many of us fall into from time to time. We equate the suffering of the day to some well known hardship of the past. However, the reason that the hardship of the past is so well known is because it was a hardship greater than any that had come before it, or since. Subsequent generations have found it to stand the test of time, and our posterity are likely to find it to stand the test of time as well. Apart from the fact that statistics were calculated differently back then, so that 25% Great Depression unemployment rate means nothing in our terms, there was much less to go around to start with. So while I was not there, I have very little doubt that the situation today would have to deteriorate a good deal before we could say we went through anything approaching the level of deprivation that the Greatest Generation lived through. And, believe me, that is true whether you are a man or a woman, black, white or polka dot purple. ---- Secondly, just a pet peeve of mine. We have a tendency to create bubbles to drive our economy. The bubble I see forming right now is in the health care industry. For instance, because of the overbuilding of hospitals, we are already beginning to see the start of the health care bubble bursting. In Houston, I know of several hospitals that have laid off large numbers of workers. In addition to entire new hospitals being moth balled. Yes, that's right, I mean there are buildings that cost between US$300 and US$800 million to build. They were completed recently in Houston's Medical center area. And, yes, they are sitting empty with no people in them. Bing or Google Baylor College of Medicine if you want an example. Houston is not the only place this has happened, or will happen. Many cities seem to want to replace their jobs base with jobs that cannot be outsourced, and are well paying. Jobs in female dominated fields like, say, nursing. However, this just sets up another bubble. Like in Houston, most of these facilities are financed through bond issues or philanthropy. Both of which are drying up at a fairly fast clip right now. Which is why the government is so anxious to throw money into health care. The bubble is beginning to pop, hospitals are mothballed, and a lot of the people in those female dominated fields are starting to be laid off. A lot of it is just plain old overbuilding. I've personally done a good deal of number crunching on the national level in this field. Take an analysis of Cleveland health care market for instance. Total patients required to be served in the strategic plans of Cleveland's hospitals: ~250,000. Population of Cleveland: ~500,000. Now to be fair, Cleveland Clinic expects to pull a large population from outside the area, but that population is only so large. And it is impacted by the fact that all of the other cities in the country are trying to do the same thing. Similar story all over the country, obviously Houston, Pittsburgh, Milwaukee, deep south, west, everywhere. That's just the tip of the iceberg. Don't even get me started on the outlooks for bio sciences, pharmaceuticals and nano tech. Suffice it to say that I believe the coming right sizing of these industries will be fairly violent. I could be wrong however, the government is trying to pump a lot of money into them. That doesn't make these entities economically viable however, it just means they will have guaranteed access to finance as long as the government can afford it. Anyway, I think it morally unconscionable to be encouraging women to go into these fields when we have numbers right now pointing to the likelihood of non trivial layoffs in the near future. It is akin to having encouraged homeownership when it was clear that stormclouds were forming. ---- Lastly, the author seems to fall victim to the Fallacy of the Excluded Middle. >. The author asserts that men have only 2 options, go with the flow, let the woman be the breadwinner and do more house work. Or fight the changes that the author assumes the men don't like. I won't get into why I believe neither of these methods would work very well. I mean really, a single income in this economy? But how about the men consider getting a job as a teacher AND doing a little housework? Just because you are the breadwinner, I don't see any reason you can't do laundry every now and again. You also use Hacker News. Someone was talking about 'statistical vigor' and 'small sample sizes' and . . . well . . . I'm just saying. Have any of you ever served in the military? I'm just wondering. Uhh . . . Dude, I don't know if you are from Houston or what, but @stcredzero is right. I live in the Museum District right outside the Medical Center by Sunset. Yes, I am one of the rich b@$tards behind the gates driving up all of the housing prices inside the 610. I can tell you categorically that the medical center is built on "oil money philanthropy" and bonds. Both of which have taken a hit recently triggering literally thousands of layoffs in the Medical Center. Not to mention a few canceled hospitals . . . yeah I'm looking at you Baylor. US$300 million PISSED away. They're not the only ones though. The Med Center was supposed to attract higher quality residents to Houston, which it did. The problem is that, because of plentiful finance via the philanthropy of leaders in the energy industry, it was funded without respect to economics or the market. My how times have changed. You are right about one thing though, there are a lot of little pigs at the government funded trough that is the Johnson Space Center. I normally don't like how much waste they have going on over there on my tax dollars, I mean really, would it be so terrible to share a secretary or administrative assistant? But in times like these I suppose it at least keeps people employed. In summary, yeah, Houston doesn't have an economy, it has a local oil money leak along with a lot of pigs sucking on the government teat. That will need to change if Houston is to survive economically into the future. The good news is that many local leaders know that oil is the past, not the future, and they are trying to make changes. The bad news is that changing a place like Houston is difficult. There are a lot of people here who don't see the duplicity in demanding cut throat capitalism, but working at the Med Center or the Johnson Space Center. I have always been reminded of the famous farmer in American literature who is subsidized by the Government to NOT grow corn. Consequently, he would hop out of bed at the crack of noon to ensure that his corn would NOT be grown. Additionally, people would come from miles around to seek his financial advice, as he was a man with an extremely healthy income and was therefore wise. This is a fitting description of Houston. Many apparently wondering where the lit reference was from. It is the farmer in a book called Catch-22 by Joseph Heller. You've probably already read this book, if not, yeah, check it out! There are several thousand people in Detroit whose livelihood is dependent on a company called Caraco Pharmaceuticals. Wonderful company, generic drugs is their business. This fact doesn't change the reality of Detroit's economy. It is still dependent on the car industry. Just as Houston's is still dependent on the energy sector and government spending. Despite the fact that you may never have had a job that "...had anything to do with the oil industry, even peripherally". Government spending is what put you and a lot of other people through college. As long as this is the case, the future of Houston's economy is precarious. A lot of people want to move away from oil, and everyone wants the government to stop spending so much money. Houston has to make plans for what's next. Or we are in for some hard times. You too. Your friends won't be able to work their way through college at the JSC, for instance. Or consider that the value of your house will go down. The quality of your schools will suffer, public and private. etc . . . etc . . . Perhaps my point is better illustrated by having you do a thought experiment. Consider what it is like to live in Detroit, and work for Caraco. Oh I agree. I would describe Houston as smiling, happy people with shopping bags. That doesn't change my material point. That the economy is based on a precarious foundation. Watch this Money Geyser series of People & Power videos: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjglR2KYz5o You will note that the people in Iceland are supremely confident in the validity of their economy. We know that this ended badly. Your post is reminiscent of the comments of the Icelandic people in this series of videos. PS - The videos offer a very good explanation of something called the "Carry Trade". Pretty interesting in its own right, so I would recommend people view them. They are pretty educational. Especially, now that we know how the story ends. The videos were made about a year prior to the late financial system unpleasantness. Wish I could upvote you more guy. Personally, I think the fact that so many of our homeless are veterans should be criminal. But this is a democracy, and I am out voted. I have some insight into the FDA's submission system. There are some inconsistencies in what the commenter here is claiming, and the experience of my company submitting software to the FDA for approval. I would not call their new system streamlined, and as I have been told from time to time that their database is down I am curious how it could be using XML on the backend. Is XML over HTTP part of their patent? If the patent is for XML in Word, well, Word is not even in that web-based workflow. Further, and this is just a nit-pick I realize that the guy may have misspoken. That said, assuming there is XML on the backend, and it is using an "open standard chiefly developed from . . ." i4i's tech, then it is not really an open standard is it? In short, based on my knowledge, derived from extensive involvement in regulatory affairs in the medical imaging field, the second paragraph in that comment is highly suspect. OK. Let's be clear how big this particular one is. If you take any user on HN, and send an 2 or 3 IRS accountants pouring over their tax records for 3 or 4 weeks, they will turn up something. So tax issues I can see, if they were mistakes, and the person owns up to them and pays the back due taxes. That is the kind of investigation you WANT your public officials to undergo. And yes, given a byzantine tax regime, mistakes SHOULD be common. In fact, the guy to look closer at is the one who has 30 years worth of perfect tax paperwork. This is a different thing altogether. It SEEMS . . . I'm not saying this is the case . . . but it SEEMS that these guys were not even checked out. That, in my view, should be actionable. Why were they put in their positions, leadership ability? intelligence? because they are minorities? what? At the end of the day, it doesn't matter, because the inconsistencies outlined in the article are of the sort that lead reasonable men to question a candidates integrity. I have no problem giving a guy a shot in my company if he only has a high school diploma. Got a criminal record and you're trying to get your life back on track? Hell, let's see if we can help each other. But I will not countenance a liar, no matter how well qualified. Consider that if they are liars, then these two are supremely unqualified. My decision becomes easy . . . IF they are liars. Which I am not prepared to say they are on the basis of this article alone. As an aside, I would like to address the whole issue brought up in the article's comments of academic credential exaggeration being a 'cultural' issue in India. That's fine, but this is the United States. As a younger man I attended lots of government sponsored "leadership" courses in the armpit of the East Coast, a place called Quantico. The first time I ever went to Quantico was for Platoon Leader's Class for the United States Marine Corps. I learned the first day about what was expected of me as a leader in the United States. ANY integrity violation, (lie, cheat, or steal), and you would be gone. But nothing else could get you thrown out! Yep, that drunken brawl with those Navy Academy pricks at the bar in DC, not a problem. Just don't lie about it. Was that you at that strip club during last weekend's leave? Yes Sgt. Instructor, but did you see the girl? Just don't lie. Point of the story, they didn't make exception for the Japanese guys, or the black guys, or the latinos because of any "cultural issues" those guys may have had. Enough said on that I think. This is gonna get ugly quick. By even responding to the report, instead of relying on its network of bloggers, the White House has just unleashed every mainstream political journalist in the country on this guy's history. Now everything will be examined, Creostar, the DC web sites, how a guy with no budget management experience is chosen to over see billions in government contracts. I hope, now that they have gone on record calling the report a lie, that none of it turns out to be true. I'm reminded of the young lady, Mary Carol Turano, who was in charge of security at Boston's airport before 9-11. Although she was reassigned right away and the administration was able to hush a lot of that up by waving the flag and screaming patriotism. Or that 24 year old kid that was given the job of re-establishing Iraq's financial markets after the invasion. And cooly handed control of a US$13 billion budget. (Article by Matt Taibbi at http://thirdworldtraveler.com/Iraq/War_Profiteers_Iraq.html ). What is this guys budget? You can bet that guys like Taibbi are going to be all over this. Actually, I used to be involved medical software. And, yes, you do go to federal pound me in the a$$ prison if MEDICAL software you create has bugs in it. The whole FDA approval thing cuts two ways, and it is a VERY sharp blade. That's why most software engineers won't write such software. How long could they stay out of prison using PHP or Python? Imagine a trauma center's server going down. Yep! Off you go to prison son. A missed tumor because your imaging code did not bring out enough contrast. That's good for 7 - 12 years. The lack of guarantees in the floating point code alone is probably enough to get a lot of these guys 5 to 10. And yes, it has happened . . . several times! These sorts of laws would make you code like your life depends on it . . . because it does. Be careful what you wish for. That's all I can say. Example of what happens when your medical device just plain doesn't work: http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1N1-118387E2698885C8.html Example of what happens when you give 'deal sweeteners' to get your device into a health care facility, or IDN (Integrated Delivery Network): http://physicianlaw.foxrothschild.com/2009/03/articles/fraud... Just a couple off the top of my head, many, many more just Lex/Nex it. Or probably better, if you are thinking about getting into this area, PLEASE, talk to your lawyer. Punishments are generally so harsh because it is considered fraud. The defendants were selling software that didn't work. They either knew it did not work, in which case it is pretty much straightforward fraud, and God help them if someone dies. Alternatively, they did not know that the software did not work. In which case they committed fraud when they represented themselves to the health care organization that purchased the device as being qualified to make a determination as to the efficacy of the software or device. Again, God help them if someone dies. As I wrote above: Punishments are generally so harsh because it is considered fraud. The defendants were selling software that didn't work. They either knew it did not work, in which case it is pretty much straightforward fraud, and God help them if someone dies. Alternatively, they did not know that the software did not work. In which case they committed fraud when they represented themselves to the health care organization that purchased the device as being qualified to make a determination as to the efficacy of the software or device. Again, God help them if someone dies. But all of that is really beside the point. The fact is that in order to get your software FDA approved you signed off on literally thousands of legally binding sheets of paper. The short version of these sheets of paper is that you guarantee, for instance, that the software ran an 8bit lut through a 10bit colorspace so that the full range of that 10bit colorspace would be visible in the 8bit window at one time or another. That is actually a fairly standard guarantee that medical software makers have to give. If your software does not give the appropriate contrast at a given setting, then the FDA knows that you and whoever else signed that sheet of paper lied. You could not have tested it for all values. This is fraud. Or let's say your software flips images left for right. You guessed it, there is a slip of paper you and a lot of other people sign indicating that your software will not do that. You also gave that slip of paper to the FDA to get FDA approval. Later some poor nurse somewhere is prepping the left leg for amputation instead of the right one. The doctor cross checks with the FDA approved software, and verifies that the problem is in the left leg. And . . . do you see where this is going? This too is fraud. And it is criminal in the United States. You WILL be prosecuted. I agree with @tom's sentiment here. Though I would like to add something, just as a note to you. If you have 'investors' that are interested in those estimates, you should probably rethink the wisdom of doing business with them. The portion of your post that indicated that potential investors were interested in the numbers threw a red flag up for me. I suspect that Apple will settle a lot of these out of court, like they have settled the recent ones out of court. And then quietly add more stringent requirements to the App approval process. After all, they already screen for content. Consider that you cannot get an App containing pornographic content through the App approval process. Somehow, the App in question got through because a reviewer did not recognize the image. What it probably means is that, in the future, Apple will probably ask for some proof of copyright for things like image content bundled with your app. That along with subtle changes to the TOS to include stronger indemnity clauses. Basically, Apple will be making the money, and the developer will be assuming more and more of the legal risk. Not good news. That would be my guess anyway. That said, hey, here's to hoping! OK, I must be missing something. The guy kept his EBay equivalent, he kept his PayPal equivalent, he kept the Arabic search tech, and arguably most crucially he kept Tahadi, the MMO games equivalent. I mean think about it, try to make an Arabic Twitter, without Arabic search tech. So Yahoo gets the 'portal' part? What exactly is the plan here? Why is this a good deal for Yahoo? Because it SEEMS like a slick, young businessman just sold a boat anchor that was slowing him down, to a Western sucker who was in the process of drowning. If anyone has a better idea of what Yahoo might have been going for here I'd be interested in what you have to say. I'm just having trouble putting it together on my own. You know looking over this blog, I think I have to agree with patio11. This is the sort of thing that could end very badly. Does anyone else have a recently purchased Dell Laptop that they can take a look at? OK, just for full disclosure I am still trying to collect a large enough body of knowledge on immigration issues to make an informed opinion. That said, I'll let it be known that I am inclined to have immigration be open everywhere. Preferably with other places even being more attractive than the US. This way immigration contributes more to global development, and not just development in the US. Now with this out of the way, I have to say that if these companies you are talking about are 'raising money', then they have not created any value for the US economy. You are hoping that they will create value for the US economy. When the companies turn profitable, then they will be creating value. Until that point, they are being used to recycle currency, not to create wealth. Just a little nit pick on your post. The propensity to confuse 'raising money' with 'creating value' or 'creating wealth' is a pet peeve of mine. Your words will be lost on most people here friend. For them, 'raising money' is 'creating wealth'. I agree though, we should stop bringing in programmers and start bringing in doctors. Uhh . . . Do you guys know how PPP is calculated? Using PPP the people of Mississippi are more wealthy than the people of Nebraska, New Mexico, Delaware, New Hampshire, Hawaii, West Virginia, Idaho, Maine, Rhode Island, Alaska, South Dakota, Montana, Wyoming, North Dakota and Vermont. In fact, they are more wealthy than the people of Hawaii and Vermont COMBINED!!! Another one an econ professor loves to throw at his students. You ready? The people of Gary, Indiana are far better off than the people of Darien, Connecticut! If you are not American, you probably don't have a good appreciation for the absurdity of the previous assertions. So think of it this way, using PPP, the people of Lagos, Nigeria are LOADS better off than the people of Singapore. This is as close as I can find to the international equivalent of a comparison of Gary, Indiana, and Darien, Connecticut. If any Americans out there can come up with some better ones do jump in! PPP comparisons reach quite humorous conclusions at times. I'm sure we are all up for a good laugh. Guys . . . The hope is that you won't need programmers in the far future! It was not Capitalism or Government Regulations that caused the current unpleasantness. Capitalism didn't fail. Anymore than Socialism, or any other economic -ism. When nations allocate resources in a foolish manner, they fritter away their resources. End of story. No need to 'restructure' capitalism so that it doesn't happen again. Capitalism is fine. Just don't fritter away your resources. A good example of frittering away resources is diverting roughly 30% of your nation's personal income EVERY YEAR to one sector, Financial Services, in the form of 'guaranteed bonuses'. BTW, these people are managing roughly 20% of our nation's annual personal income. About 20% goes in through mutual funds and 401ks and the like, and for managing it, we pay them 30%. Anyone other than me see a problem here? Another example, starting wars in intractable parts of the world to go after a man whose stated aim is to get us to start a war in an intractable part of the world. And thereby bankrupt us. I heard the other day that the United States and Israel are thinking about placing 'a security umbrella over the Middle East'. I am not a general, but 'security umbrella over the Middle East' sounds pricey to me. Or how about allocating more resources to Real Estate than to new technology development. That's a good example of foolishness. BTW - Fannie and Freddie were not government owned, or even government backed. The entity I believe you are talking about is Ginnie Mae, which takes care of HUD housing, housing for Native Americans and handles housing for our nation's Military Veterans. Basically, Ginnie handles all of the sub prime people. Further . . . and are you ready for this? Ginnie is solvent! The only problems it has, it acquired in clumsy government attempts to save Fannie and Freddie. 'Give us all of your money, we need to save Fannie and Freddie who went private, acted foolishly and fell flat on their faces.' That's basically what they told poor little Ginnie. Foolishness. Additionally, Ginnie was EXPLICITLY backed, whereas Fannie and Freddie were IMPLICITLY backed. Which brings me to another foolish practice, letting private corporations encourage the belief on the part of the general populace that they are backed by the US government. There should be no such thing as implicit backing, that is fraud, plain and simple. In summary, they say no matter how far a jackass travels he will not come back a horse. Foolishness is the cause of our problems, and no matter what structure you place a fool in, he will still be a fool. Capitalism may have problems, or even create them. Government Regulations may have problems, or even create them. But those are not the problems that got us to where we are today. Foolishness did. The abiding belief that money can create money. The belief that ANY economic system can give you something for nothing, is foolish. We can stay with Capitalism. We can even submit to government regulation. But by all means we must invest our money wisely. Realize that in the future you may have to do real work. You may need to produce real things. You may need to sell them to real people, for real money. The whole stock market and real estate thing may not work for you anymore the way it used to. That is the economy, or the market, or whatever you want to call it, doing what it is supposed to do! We are in a different stage of Capitalism. Stock markets may work beautifully for today's Chinese citizens, for today's American's . . . not so much. Don't whine about it, or try to set things up so that they work a while longer. This is Capitalism, the market is showing us the way, we just don't like the road ahead. On July 26, 1948, President Truman issued Executive Order 9981. At which time he famously said that if anyone had a problem with it he'd '...see their resignation on his desk in the morning.' EO 9981 was not simply a political move. Our military strategists saw during WWII that it would be decidedly foolish for us to continue fighting wars with one hand tied behind our backs. Around this same time, a wave of statutes swept the nation that made it illegal for most Americans under the age of 16 to drop out of High School. Do not suppose that these things are coincidental. They are common sense steps that had to be taken to address the new realities that were rapidly developing in the post WWII world. The world is today, again, undergoing a process of rapid geopolitical and social change. Strategists deep in the bowels of the American Government have looked into the future, and again, they find themselves wanting to change what they see looking back at them. FACT: China has more high school honors students than the United States has high school students. That's right. If you take every high school student in the US, the poor students and the good students, China has more students than that in ONLY its high honors programs. Look, the global economy will be the battlefield of choice in the future. We do not intend to charge onto that battlefield with one hand tied behind our backs. The only thing wrong with this article, in my opinion, is that it excludes the recruitment of white Americans. We SHOULD be making sweeping policy changes to address these issues. Immigration is not going to get us out of it. I work half the time in Ningbo or Paris myself. How long before Indians and Indonesians figure out that the smart CVs are flowing to China not California? They are not blind. I feel like Truman, if you have a problem with being more aggressive with American students with respect to instilling the disciplines of math and science, feel free to leave the country. It is past time that we dealt with this. Wish I could upvote this more. Doesn't matter the color of the student, EVERYONE should be getting pushed right now. Bravo wsprague So . . . uhhh . . . What is your suggested solution. Or are you just telling us that we can never solve our problems, so we should just forget it? No one here is suggesting that the solution rests with bettering the education of only minorities. Everyone who has made a suggestion, has put forth the idea that we need to better the education of EVERYONE. "Setting up kids early . . ." for this stuff is EXACTLY what everyone is suggesting. So . . . uhh . . . What is your suggested solution? Not trying to piss you off. I just think we have a lot of people in this country who point out all sorts of shortcomings, but do not offer potential solutions. You've still not told us how you would address minority education. Most people seem to fall into the wsprague camp. You have not stated anything, other than the problem. OK, those sound good, with the exception of 1 and 3. Higher expectations, ie wsprague doctrine. Educational parity. And holding parents more accountable for how their children are doing. With respect to 1 and 3, changing kid's attitude is not what school is for. That's the parent's job. Further, and you are probably too young to realize this, but ALL teens have bad attitudes. White, black, or polka dot purple. I am at that unfortunate age where I am obliged to pay both elementary school and University tuition. I can tell you from experience that doing homework and getting good grades are about as important to your AVERAGE teen aged girl as Mom and Dad say they are. And certainly no MORE important. So when you say that black teens have bad attitudes . . . to a parent this is not entirely surprising. ALL teens have bad attitudes. It is up to parents and teachers to put boots to butts and force education onto what in most cases will be unwilling students. Notice I didn't say that they needed to explain to the student why it is good to get an education. That doesn't work with white kids, and I have no reason to believe that it would work with black kids. Parents and teachers shouldn't negotiate with kids. We should direct them. As wsprague intimated, it is not about kids being satisfied or having fun, or even wanting an education. Point of fact . . . It is actually Authoritarianism. That said . . . Yes, it is very efficient. If you can read Mandarin, one of the things you can see on the blogs in China is that these things are so cheap to manufacture that it costs more to steal them! The Mag-Lev from Pudong Airport cost what ... 1.5 Billion. It only goes about 20 miles into Shanghai. They are getting 80 of these trains for 4 Billion. Stealing a new fangled industrial adhesive might be profitable, and useful in your construction projects. But if you are going to build it the regular way . . . it just doesn't pay to steal a nail. Singapore . . . is the example you were looking for I think. Brilliance. Sheer, unadulterated brilliance! -Wile E. Coyote Absolutely right . . . sunny in Ningbo too. China is a huge place, some parts have rain, some sunny, occasionally some parts get hit by a typhoon. I'm sorry . . . But the comic in the right hand column of that Slate Article is awesome. That is SO Chicago. The one with Obama at the podium, flanked by two mafia guys with tommy guns. And he says something to the effect of, 'Like we Chicagoans always say, vote early, and vote often!' The unfortunate reality is that there are no INTELLECTUALLY gifted and talented students in most schools. There are only slightly more who are musically or otherwise artistically gifted and talented. Truly gifted students should be moved to schools specifically catering to their needs. As there are so few of these students nationally, it would need to be a boarding school in my opinion. The students being discussed in this article and in the response are just AP. Not gifted. We throw that word around too much, and it has come to mean nothing now. MLK gets imprisoned, shot at, fire bombed and beaten. Encourages millions to stand with him at non violent civil disobedience actions. Millions do so DESPITE the fact that they will be imprisoned and beaten. Nelson Mandela . . . yeah . . . ditto. Oh, did I mention 27 years in a notorious prison for 'enemies of the state'. Gorbachev. OK, when was the last time American school children practiced what to do in case of nuclear attack? Anyone remember 'civil defense fallout shelters'? I didn't think so. Obama . . . WTF?!?!?! Diplomacy between peoples . . . WTF!?!?! Did Israel and Iran give up their nukes and I missed it? Did the Palestinians stop slaughtering Israelis and vice-versa? Alright, alright, those are too much. How about something simpler? Can I go to Cuba, drink rum, and lay on a beach just because, without having a US government Customs Agent detain me on my return? No? Didn't think so. This Obama Love-fest is sickening. Even Gandhi is blushing at this one. "Chile Wants Your Poor, Your Huddled Masses..." at the same time you have to "invest $500,000 over 5 years..." This is NOT an immigration program. It is a foreign investment program. One modeled after the program that China used to lift hundreds of millions, and counting, out of poverty. So it is to be lauded. At the same time, all Chile will get out of the program is foreign investment. Without the fundamental human capital advantages that China has, it will not become a powerhouse. This is the point that many governments misinterpret. The goal of immigration is, in layman's terms, to IMPORT MORE resources. The goal of foreign investment is, in layman's terms, to provide easy access to EXISTING resources. This is the reason that the global powers are betting on Brasil. It has the most lax immigration program in South America. It has an EXISTING base of companies for those immigrants to work in. And, the obvious, nothing attracts human capital like naked, bronze women dancing on beaches with drums. And you should have read more than the article. The visa they give tech workers is the same one they have always given tech workers. There is nothing new there. Crucially, they can kick you out of the country whenever they please, which is usually when you are laid off. In Brasil you would have time to look for alternate employment, and a better chance of finding it. Also, the job has to be pre-existing. What I mean is that, they want the foreign investment first, then they will allow in immigrants. As opposed to allowing in immigrants to start businesses, thereby attracting foreign investment. This was the model that early immigration to the United States operated under. Not that everyone should do things our way. Heck we don't even do it our way anymore. Just pointing out that this is not a program for increased immigration. The visa rules are the same, UNLESS you are an investor. Well, we started fingerprinting them on entry to the US, and Brasil said "OK, we'll go tit for tat". If you fly to Brasil you will find one set of rules at Customs for Americans, and another for everyone else. That's just payback. The fact remains that for the vast majority of global citizens, getting into Brasil is far less painless than getting into, say, the UK or the United States. My only point was that the article is presenting a program for increasing foreign investment, as though it were a program for increasing immigration. The title is, "Chile Wants Your Poor, Your Huddled Masses..." With such a title it appeared to me that the article was about immigration as well. This title invited me to research the issue. What I found was a program to increase foreign investment, which I admitted was laudable. What I did not find was a program to increase immigration, and intellectual honesty demands that we point out this inconsistency in the article. Brasil was simply a convenient 'case in point' of what a reasonable immigration system would look like. Though I think the Brasilians could go further as well. As could our own country. I actually have some experience in university admissions procedures at the University of Wisconsin. It is interesting that Princeton is being sued because it was one of the schools following a program that many had considered to hold some promise. It is based on socio-economic standing. So Mr. Li is saying Blacks, Hispanics, and Whites were admitted to Princeton, even though they were less qualified. Now I don't work at Princeton, but I am familiar with the admissions there. I am almost positive that lower and middle class students were admitted to the University in lieu of better qualified students from the elite classes. Probably causing Mr. Li to be rejected. The article alludes to this fact when it talks about poor whites being given admission over better qualified wealthy whites. I am also all but certain that poor asians were given admission over better qualified wealthy asians at Princeton that same year. Though I don't have the data to back up these assertions, it seems that the gentleman in the article does. It is pretty safe to say that the nation's universities will be watching this law suit with great interest. It will determine whether this socio-economics based admissions practice is wrong or if it is acceptable. More importantly, if it is acceptable, under what circumstances is it acceptable? This one will be VERY interesting. Not just an ordinary affirmative action suit. This one is quite out of the everyday. So are they going to opine on whether there was discrimination by race, or perhaps not opine at all? Or is there any chance that they would look at data, like that of Thomas Espenshade, that points to widespread socio-economic discrimination? Perhaps give some guidance as to whether that is acceptable or not? Maybe someone could tell me why Pay-As-You-Go Internet would be a bad thing. I am genuinely confused as to why net neutrality and Pay-As-You-Go are bad. We would have net neutrality, and with this new payment plan, you would get all of the bandwidth that you pay for. If you want to spend lots of time watching movies or doing voice chats while playing online games, then you would pay for that. More importantly, your neighbor would not feel the bandwidth pinch when you are doing these things. Neither would your neighbor be paying for your extra bandwidth usage. This entire system seems win-win all around. This is not my area of expertise though. Is there someone who could tell me what I am missing? "All Chinese users..." Wow, that is quite the assertion you are making. An unqualified absolute. I'll be a gentleman, and simply trust that you have some serious data to provide backing to that assertion. There is no need to embarrass you by asking that you present it. This article 'rages against the machine'. Technology reduces the value of the skills and fact knowledge of everyone, not just old people. That is the point of technology. Information technology in particular. The article asks: "Want help orienting a rooftop television aerial? Changing the vacuum tubes in your TV? Dialing up AOL? Using MS-DOS? Changing the ribbon on an IBM Selectric (height of 1961 technology)? Tuning up a car that lacks electronic engine controls? Doing your taxes without considering the Alternative Minimum Tax and the tens of thousands of pages of rules that have been added since our senior citizen was starting his career? Didn’t think so." But these are contrived examples. Created specifically to illustrate technology's devaluing effect on the skills of older people. Consider these questions: Want help with that Bresenham's algorithm code? No thanks, I use glDrawLine() like most other non idiots. Want me to help you set up a MySQL on that server on the internet? No thanks, I have a buck. I'll spend the first ten cents on an Amazon RDS instance. Then a quarter on buying you a clue. I would give you the remaining change, but there are pan handlers that are probably more deserving. Also contrived, created specifically to illustrate technology's devaluing effects on the skills of young people. My point is we don't have to fear monger. Consider . . . what moron would hire a 25 year old hot shot instead of Werner Vogels. Yeah . . . I don't think that moron exists either. Let's say you have a marketing and design God who happens to be between 20 and 30. Would you match him up against Steve Jobs? No. You wouldn't expect him to be that good for another 20 years. Talent is where you find it, and it is the only thing of value in a world of rapid technological advance. Talented people have an ability to think differently. People like this will always be valued, young or old. So let's stop 'raging against . . .' and start 'innovating with . . .' Yeah . . . uhh . . . That would be why I called them "contrived examples". Medical Imaging and Oil Exploration. A lot of the really fast packages are using ARB Assembly instead of GLSL to minimize the number of instructions per voxel. It adds up if you are doing 4D imaging in real time for instance. Uh . . . Had to call this one. Full Disclosure: Cancer Researcher here. I looked into how to analyze data over time to elicit better outcomes in a former life. Cancer is a hard problem, REALLY hard. Hematological Cancers as well, super hard. It is less than wise to judge a health care system by its ability to treat cancer. Literally, there are often times when a patient is being attended solely for the purposes of learning as much as we can before she dies. Thus, hopefully, getting us into a better position to help the next person. Let's try to confine the discussion to areas where you get the most bang for the buck. Primary care for instance. Further disclosure: I am American. Limited experience with using UK health system. So 'good' or 'bad' are assessments it would be out of place for me to make. This is simply a post to add context to the discussion. The issue with banking bonuses is not that they are large, it is that they are given without regard to whether or not the short term success that gives rise to the bonus will result in long term distress for the bank. These externalities are particularly salient the larger the financial institution. You see those 'massive resources that their institutions possess...' belong, generally speaking, to others. Teachers and police officers, grocers and elderly women. When financial institutions stumble in a long term sense, it directly affects the future financial security of millions of people. Taxpayers are then liable for large sums of the, essentially, pilfered resources. Police are public employees, their pensions have to be paid when the time comes regardless of how badly their pension fund has been raided. Ditto for teachers. And so on and so forth. We should start thinking of CEOs as individuals who have been tasked with stewarding some amount of wealth, rather than individuals tasked with the running of a company. This is because Apple represents USD216 Billion in wealth. This wealth needs to be well managed, or there will be repercussions in the future. I don't know, that's just my two cents. The people with the highest rate of unemployment however, black men 15 - 24 without high school diplomas, are not eligible for welfare. In all 50 states, welfare is only given to care givers. That is, to people who have custody of children. In most cases, women. That data kind of blows the, 'blacks will just use welfare' theory out of the water. Unless you meant, 'black women with children will just use welfare'. Which, come to think of it, is probably what you meant. But it just seems that the serious unemployment is borne by and large by black men. I saw that. I thought that was crazy too! There is actually a demographic in the US for whom there is little incentive for education with respect to financial success. I would never have believed this without being presented with the data. It is so antithetical to my beliefs in my country that a large part of me wants to question the EDIT(sp):veracity of the NYT data. Even though I know that data is probably accurate. Just . . . Wow! Ooops! You're right. Sorry I'm just so bothered by that data. Also, your other point is interesting as well. If a young black guy can get an education, let's say a high school diploma. He will have less of a chance of getting a job than a white man who does not have a high school diploma, we know that from this data. BUT, will the black guy with the high school diploma make more money than the white guy without a high school diploma IF he can find someone willing to give him a job? That's a great question. Prior to being presented with this data I would have been eager to get the answer. Now, I almost don't want to know, that answer could be even MORE depressing. The comment we're responding to is the one above that talks about young black males being better off changing their color to white, than getting their high school diploma. This entire thread of discussion is on the topic of @kalendae's comment. The fact that the data indicates that it is literally better for a young man to be anything but black, than it is for a young man to be black, but educated. I was saying that what this data shows is contrary to what I believe about the country. That is, I believed that color doesn't matter, only education does. But color does matter, and to me, that is surprising. That's all I'm saying. See @kalendae's comment. Sorry, I originally put this comment in the wrong place. @dschobel In Illinois the same rules hold true. The reason the men are not eligible is because they are not the custodial parent. That is, their children do not live with them. The custodial parent in most of these cases is the mother. The reason the rules are not made more prominent in the application I cannot speak to. It is tucked away at the bottom of the application in the fine print legalese however: "As a condition of eligibility, if I am approved for TANF Cash and/or medical assistance for myself and my children, I understand that I may berequired to cooperate with child support enforcement. Cooperation includes establishment of paternity and/or support enforcement andmodification of child support orders. I assign and give all my rights, title and interest of child support and medical support to the IllinoisDepartment of Healthcare and Family Services as long as I receive TANF Cash/or medical assistance. I understand and agree that any childsupport payments paid through the clerk of the circuit court and through the State Disbursement Unit (SDU) may be forwarded to the IllinoisDepartment of Healthcare and Family Services as long as I receive TANF Cash. I understand that if I apply for TANF Cash and/or medical assistance for my children only, I am not required to cooperate with child support enforcement, but I may request services." Translation, the woman gets welfare, and the state of Illinois will take aggressive action against the father for the purposes of collecting child support. Which, I think, sounds appropriate in that situation. I would guess most states have this same child support enforcement component. If you read through the application fully, you will find a lot of gotchas, with respect to immigration status, custodial disposition of children, etc. etc. But we're digressing. My only point was that the, generally non custodial, father is not eligible to collect welfare. Further, it is an open question as to whether or not some of the young men in question even have children. I suspect the majority do not at 15 - 24 and poor. I suspect an even smaller minority of this group are custodial parents. Now I don't have data to back up that assertion, its just my impression, or prejudice if you like, that young black guys are generally absentee fathers. Not saying that's the case, just that that is my impression. In any case, yeah, no way they would get welfare in any of the 50 states. In fact if they went in and filled out this application their SSN would probably be flagged for child support enforcement. Looked through the requirements and yeah, it still looks like GA or whatever it is called, is for the sick, injured, or infirm. Here are the requirements: "To qualify for GA Transitional Assistance (GA-TA) DHS must decide that you are not employable. To be considered not employable, you must meet one of the following criteria: * Are 55 or older and have had little or no income during the past year. * Have a serious disability and an application or appeal pending with SSI. * Have to take care of another person in your home because of that person's physical condition. * Are homeless because of a court-ordered eviction or domestic violence, or because of a fire or a natural disaster that happened in the last 6 months. * Are under age 20 and you attend high school or an equivalent vocational or training school full-time. * Regularly take prescription medicine to control seizures, high blood pressure, or diabetes. * Are temporarily unable to work because of illness or incapacity." So black guys 15 - 24 still don't qualify. This system, to me, seems appropriate as well, if you are old or physically incapable of working, the government gives you some sum of money. Not a lot, but something. That sounds reasonable to me. At any rate, it is a little misleading to imply that welfare is available to people without families. Yes, it is available to the elderly and the infirm if they do not have a family. But it is not available to the individuals we are discussing. Black men aged 15 - 24 without high school diplomas. Uhh . . . dude. That's what you want. I'm not trying to keep Americans out of jobs here, but isn't it good to require that foreign born people have jobs before they come here? I mean, I assume you are talking about immigrants. Why would you not want them to have some sort of employment related Visa before they get on the plane to come here and live? This statistic, to me, says that the government is doing something right. Again, not trying to open up an immigration discussion, just saying that this statistic is a good thing. In general you want native unemployment to be higher than foreign born unemployment or you have a problem with your immigration program. In America Native unemployment is higher across every demographic, which is excellent in my opinion. Just my two cents. I'm not an immigration expert or anything, but I am smart enough to know that I want the employable immigrants. Yeah, I can't speak to how much of this is going on. You make a good point there. I only have the data to show that able bodied black guys 15 - 24 do not receive welfare directly. So that is all I can say. You are right though, how many of those guys live with grandma, or mom, who does collect some sort of welfare. I can't say. My suspicion, yes . . . my prejudice, is that it probably happens a lot. That said, again, I have no data. Since they don't have diplomas at age 24, I'm going to guess not in the demographic we are talking about. I suppose this is a good way to look at it. The REALITY is these guys can only do what they can do. The fact that what they can do may not help them pull equal to whites is beyond their control. The issue is that I was raised to believe that all Americans, regardless of race, have the same access to opportunities. Then, when I grew up, graduated college and took a commission in the USMC, this idea was further drummed into me. But this data is saying that this is untrue. Setting up serious conflict in my mind. Which is what my original comment was about. Put another way, if you change the things you can change, you can make yourself the equivalent of anyone was my view of the US. But this is not the case, even if these guys get an education their chances are still slimmer than other guys without an education. The general feeling of acceptance here is somewhat shocking to me as well. This is not what I thought America was about, or the American people. Don't get me wrong, I know there are bigots, but I thought they were in the minority. Perhaps more naivete on my part. In short, I find it totally unacceptable for a black high school grad to have less of a chance at opportunities than a white non graduate. Saying that if blacks get educated they can do better than non educated blacks, though not as well as non educated whites, is lunacy. It's like saying, this is the best that YOU can expect in this society, so be happy, there is no problem. Why does that seem so acceptable to so many people here? Or maybe it is just the few who are talking the loudest I don't know. Or perhaps a lot of these people commenting are not even American. Which I would bet on, given the content of some of these comments. It could also be that I have been living in the uber-privileged la-la land of an ex-military officer. Or maybe a little bit of all of these things. Looks like you slowly talked yourself around to my conclusion. Black people, especially the young ones, seem to have a really unfortunate position. It seems qualified optimism is the only reasonable response to this data. At least if they get educated, they can do somewhat better for themselves. Though lesser educated people of other races will probably do better. Also, for more good news, take a look at the numbers for blacks compared to others where the age is 15 - 24. Am I misunderstanding that video, or is Pincus admitting to distributing malware and spam? On camera? In front of an audience? Do these guys have legal advisers, or are they just winging it? That's a serious question by the way, I am not trying to be a smart ass. Aren't there lawyers that tell them hey, you are not allowed to distribute even solicited malware? As an aside, about 8 months ago I was party to a conversation on the subject of investing in a Facebook social gaming company. One of the investors made a snide comment that I didn't really understand at the time. He said he'd save his money to invest in an internet company that was in a more respectable industry . . . like porn. This guy is in a fairly conservative investing circle, so you can imagine what a damning comment that was. I'm starting to get an idea of the research that led him to that conclusion. Wow. I thought Fred Wilson thought deeper than that. Look around you. The women in your life don't show off their apps, they show off their phones. This algorithm is implemented for free in Blender 2.46+. When you parent a mesh to a skeleton (armature), select "Create From Bone Heat" from the available options. Or, After parenting a mesh to a skeleton (armature) or adding a skeleton (armature) modifier, go to the combined weight paint and pose mode, use the W key, and choose "Apply Bone Heat to Vertex Groups". Export the mesh to any file format or game engine that supports multiple vertex bone weights. ie - COLLADA, or to Ogre, FBX, or if you really just want to get a game written in a couple of weeks, export it to JME. EDIT: BTW, In Blender, skeletons are called Armatures. That is why the word Armature is in parentheses in this comment. Doh! You're right. I should have read the whole article. This method uses volumetric instead of surface heat. While Blender uses surface heat. Actually, strictly speaking, Blender is closer to using surface glow instead of surface heat, or at least the version used internally at one of the companies I work with does. I think this algorithm could probably use glow instead of heat as well. Then again, the article does not mention the method they use for calculating their weights, so it may effectively be glow and not heat. Which would make this algorithm probably the best out there in terms of results. Or maybe they have a weighting factor that is better than glow or heat! Without more info we can't say. But I think we should definitely implement this volume diffusion architecture in Blender with a replaceable weighting factor so that people can experiment with which weight factor is best. I think that would be useful. Too bad 2.5 is so big. Maybe for 2.49-? I think what @lvecsey meant was that many Americans have jobs that exist only because of the liquidity in the financial markets. That is, without access to credit, or resources from investors, many companies in the US would not be able to pay their employees. So what he is really asking, I assume, is whether or not the debt or investment resources were being well spent on those positions? My honest answer would be I don't know. That said, the double whammy that we take on a lot of jobs is pretty interesting. Clearly a non trivial number of Americans have jobs that are net losses for them individually, since they use credit card debt to get by, and net losses for the larger economy since access to credit provided by the financial markets is the only thing that makes their paychecks clear. It makes you wonder, if access to credit were to dry up tomorrow, what would that look like? Who would still have a job? I don't know, it's just interesting brainstorm material. Chile's main trading partner is the US. EDIT: The original Commentor's criteria are exceedingly difficult to meet. That said, I think Singapore and Indonesia are the nations which provide the closest matches to the required criteria. Singapore's main trading partners are China, Malaysia, EU then US. Indonesia's main trading partners are Japan, EU, Singapore then US. I would throw in Malaysia but I am not altogether certain about their immigration laws. The Emirates might fit, but while they are stable at the moment, I'm uncertain as to whether that stability is enduring. Think Lebanon in the 60's. Most reports that I read point to nations like Indonesia and Malaysia as providing the most mid-term upside while reducing the perceived 'American Risk' via the idea broadly known as 'de-linking'. For the longer term believe it or not, places like Madagascar, and the eastern African Islands are looking increasingly well positioned. Think increasing African trade with China. According to Lehman, just before the crash, their CDS exposure was '...limited.' At debut Novembre Zynga's revenue from offers was ~33%. With each interview since Arrington broke news on the scam, that percentage has gone down. All 'according to Zynga.' I can't tell whether or not I agree with you two. If you are implying that Wall Street Journal readers would not subscribe and read Wall Street Journal without Google, then I disagree. I think the comment by @mynameishere is correct, for the Wall Street Journal, Google is probably sending a lot of riff-raff over. You don't want those users. Even if they click on the NetJet or Jaguar ad, I doubt they could afford it. And most of them probably do not know what American Express Black is. If, however, you are saying that Murdoch and Google are playing a giant game of chicken, then I would agree. That's a brilliant idea! I agree I would pay for that! Plus one to you! Does anyone know what doing physics in Erlang is like on the zone or area servers? Or do most people just not do physics? I would think that the physics is what makes things difficult. Of course, if you can think of a game where physics simulations are not as important, an Erlang engine really starts to make sense. At least that is my impression. I'd really be interested in hearing from anyone who has had experience with physics in Erlang. You haven't been to China have you. Do you have any idea how many women from Korea, Malaysia, Indonesia etc. etc. etc. are DESPERATE to get into China? SOLELY for the purpose of latching onto a man? Even African women are trying to get in on the action. Student visa my @$$! Not unless they are studying for an M-R-S degree! I have seen this first hand. A shortage of 30 or 40 million women? Believe me when I tell you . . . the Chinese Government knows this won't be a problem. It really won't. Believe me. North Korea is richer than China? Are you serious, or is your comment meant to be facetious? I upvoted this article because I think there are some neat lessons in it about 'cooperative entrepreneurship' for lack of a better term. I am surprised, for instance, that more groups of American startups do not self organize into the kinds of 'business cooperatives' that you see a lot in China. Having mentioned that, I understand that this guy is cherry picking facts to fit his particular world view, or narrative. Liberal and Conservative academics are known to do this in their work. Especially the ones who work at think tanks dedicated to espousing a given world view. I think it is important, however, that we are able to read through a lot of these works picking out useful lessons. Seeing an example of farmers (entrepreneurs) working together, and what that model eventually morphed into industrially in places like Ningbo is useful. I have always wished for an in depth analysis of these formal and informal Chinese business structures. There is probably something we can learn from that. And what happens when the immigrants default on the loans? Oh yeah, the taxpayers will just pick up the tab! So I guess he's correct, his idea does not cost the government a dime. It just costs all of us a quarter when it goes south. You are misunderstanding the Etsy community. If she did that, she would lose all of the sales she is making. Because the buyers at Etsy generally only purchase when they have a reasonable certainty that the item will be produced by the original artisan, by hand. It is very much a Catch-22. You know, this is just a thought, but this may have nothing to do with Iran at its root. Intellectual honesty requires me to admit that, I have absolutely no hard data to back this up, but please hear me out. Many people have been wondering, 'Hey, who are these DST guys that are continuously going long on Facebook at ridiculous valuations?' 'They even let employees at places like Facebook and Zynga cash out early!' 'Gosh, Russian businessmen must be nice.' Now if I had large sums of money that I wanted laundered, the method right up there at the top of my list is venture capital firm investing exclusively in overseas assets. Money is laundered via profitable exits on investments in foreign countries. In fact, strictly speaking, the exit does not even have to be profitable. Unless you are greedy. Which brings me back to Russian businessmen. Accusing anyone of anything is not the intention here, but a word of caution to Silicon Valley is in order. In Russia, business is a game played in somewhat less cordial a fashion. Also keep in mind that in Russia . . . you stab with a borrowed knife. I think we can expect many more attacks on Twitter. From hackers claiming to be 'Chinese', 'Iranian' or 'North Korean'. Equally interesting that abalashov calls TC on using the completely unsubstantiated conjectures of a lone commenter on an internet news board as the basis on which to write an article. That is the difference between HN and TC. On edit:HN, commenters generally delineate their comments between that which is based on empirical evidence, and that which is their own conjecture. This intellectual honesty that many, but not all, HN users engage in makes HN 'feel' more reliable than TC. The rub is that when HN is used as a reliable source, that same intellectual honesty feels obliged to point out the fact that the source is not reliable. Even the user who made the comment! I think PG is to be congratulated on creating such a forum. And HN users should be congratulated on pointing out flaws in debate points, even when the debater agrees with your position. You know this is the reason I find myself leaning conservative with respect to environmental issues. All of these environmentalists loudly proclaim that China and the US are the profligate polluters in the neighborhood. I have looked up the numbers, and per capita, Australians release five times more carbon into the atmosphere than we do. Yet I have not once seen or heard an environmentalist take Australia to task for their profligate behavior. Do we pollute more than Australia, yes, only because there are more people here. We have to heat 100 million homes in the winter, right now that necessitates some carbon emissions. We are number one in researching alternative energy technologies to attempt to change this state of affairs, but what would you have us do in the meantime? Freeze? You bring up China, well I checked the numbers there as well, and Australia releases eleven times more carbon per capita than China. Will China release more carbon in the future, yes, because instead of the 300 million people that currently enjoy little luxuries like heat in the winter, that number will swell to well over 900 million. Incidentally, guess who is number two in researching alternative energy technologies in an attempt to proactively address their future energy needs. China. What would you have them do in the interim? Freeze as well? Yet China and the US are the "problem". No, the real reason these 'environmentalists' are anti China and US is because it is politically fashionable to be so. It has very little to do with the actual numbers and the reasons behind them. Sane and safe programs for the reduction of carbon emissions should have some basis in per capita emissions. And the evidence is more than clear that many nations have much further to go than the US and China in this regard. OK, just in case you are Australian, I will use Australian numbers for both carbon emissions and growth rates in carbon emissions per capita. This is because, I agree with the idea, in general, that climate data is so widely variant from source to source as to be extremely suspect. And given recent events, ie-'climategate', I think we should all be careful about using numbers generated by nation A, to illustrate an environmental point with respect to nation B. Having mentioned all of that, the numbers from CSIRO in Australia can be found in the following report: http://csiro.au/news/GlobalCarbonProject-PNAS.html Lead by Dr Mike Raupach EDIT: Not really sure if the above was too technical. Just realized you quoted wikipedia. Anyway, what follows are some news stories on Australian carbon emissions. A little less techy. http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2009/11/18/2745751.htm http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/02/2079513.htm http://www.ft.com/cms/s/e57087d4-3862-11de-9211-00144feabdc0... Note that even though the Financial Times is a conservative paper, it concedes that Australia has decided to 'delay' setting any carbon emissions limits. I put in links to ABC, to balance FT with a somewhat more liberal perspective. END EDIT: In my opinion, the report, puts Australia in a very good light, and even they concede that Australia emits at 4.5 TIMES the global rate. A lot of other little nuggets are in the full report if you care to read it. If not, the link above contains a good summary. I can share more research with you, if you are working in this field, and would like the information. In the interest of full disclosure, I have to state that I currently do a great deal of research analyzing companies, technologies, and markets for VC investment. One of the fields that a large number of clients are interested in is 'green tech'. The research I have been doing the past couple of years, particularly on markets, has really opened my eyes. In answer to your other question, I am an American. Extremely so I admit. So by 'we' I meant the US. I will endeavor to speak more precisely in the future. See response to @ryanwaggoner, who, in all fairness, asked first. Incidentally, given incidents like 'climategate' I think we should also be a little hesitant about quoting sources like wikipedia. EDIT: Just like I mentioned to @ryanwaggoner, I think, given incidents like 'climategate' we should be careful of quoting sources like wikipedia. For instance, the source data used for the wikipedia article is not carbon emissions per capita, it is data on carbon emissions per capita . . . PER USD1 GDP. That is, per capita per $1 GDP. The authors of the wikipedia article either mistook the data to be data on per capita emissions, or really didn't understand the difference. At any rate, that is the reason for the confusion I think. By the way, here is the source data that the wikipedia article uses: http://mdgs.un.org/unsd/mdg/Data.aspx EDIT: It occurs to me that perhaps I should be more explicit in what I am saying. The source data used for the wikipedia article is not data on carbon emissions per capita, rather it is data on carbon emissions per capita . . . PER USD1 GDP. That is, per capita per $1 GDP. The authors of the wikipedia article either mistook the data to be data on per capita emissions, or really didn't understand the difference. At any rate, that is the reason for the confusion I think. By the way, here is the source data that the wikipedia article uses: http://mdgs.un.org/unsd/mdg/Data.aspx Nkurz, if you follow the link in your comment you will come to a page with two 'per capita' data charts on it. Click either, and under the 'Series Detail' section of the resultant page you will see something like the following: http://mdgs.un.org/unsd/mdg/SeriesDetail.aspx?srid=752 Series Name: Carbon dioxide emissions (CO2), metric tons of CO2 per capita (UNFCCC) Goal: Goal 7. Ensure environmental sustainability Target: Target 7.A: Integrate the principles of sustainable development into country policies and programmes and reverse the loss of environmental resources ----HERE---->> Indicator: Indicator 7.2 Carbon dioxide emissions, total, per capita and per $1 GDP (PPP) EDIT: I apologize, I mistook the meaning of your response. END EDIT I am going to copy the same response given to @nkurz, EDIT:END EDIT, as you do seem to have a genuine intellectual curiosity. I hope you don't mind. At any rate if you follow this link: http://mdgs.un.org/unsd/mdg/Metadata.aspx?IndicatorId=28&... as @nkurz suggests, then you will come to a page with two 'per capita' data charts on it. Click either, and under the 'Series Detail' section of the resultant page you will see something like the following: Series Name: Carbon dioxide emissions (CO2), metric tons of CO2 per capita (UNFCCC) Goal: Goal 7. Ensure environmental sustainability Target: Target 7.A: Integrate the principles of sustainable development into country policies and programmes and reverse the loss of environmental resources ----HERE---->> Indicator: Indicator 7.2 Carbon dioxide emissions, total, per capita and per $1 GDP (PPP) As you can see it is per capita per $1 GDP (PPP). By the way, the (PPP), Purchasing Power Parity, makes this data even less useful. But I didn't want to get into ALL of the things that are wrong with this dataset. Alternatively, here is a direct link to: Carbon dioxide emissions (CO2), metric tons of CO2 per capita (UNFCCC) http://mdgs.un.org/unsd/mdg/SeriesDetail.aspx?srid=752 Again, check under 'Series Detail' and you will see the above dataset description. So if we assume that your interpretation of the data is correct, Australia is just as big an emitter as the US, and they emit roughly 4 TIMES as much as China does. If my interpretation was correct, they emit 5 TIMES the US and 11 TIMES China. My point being that the material point stands in either case. That is, even if we were to all agree to your interpretation of the data, nations like China are still not the problem. Why then, is all of the negative attention on China and the US? Clearly there are other emitters just as profligate. In fact, in the case of China, most of the other nations are far more profligate per capita. I maintain that the negative attention given to China and the US is due to the fact that being anti US and anti China is the height of political fashion. Clearly, the people denigrating China don't take Australia to task for what we have both established as demonstrably far more egregious behavior. repeat of my reply upthread: So if we assume that your interpretation of the data is correct, Australia is just as big an emitter as the US, and they emit roughly 4 TIMES as much as China does. If my interpretation was correct, they emit 5 TIMES the US and 11 TIMES China. My point being that the material point stands in either case. That is, even if we were to all agree to your interpretation, China is still not the problem. Why then, is all of the attention on China and the US? Clearly there are other emitters just as profligate. In fact, in the case of China, most of the other nations are far larger emitters per capita. I maintain that the negative attention given to China and the US is due to the fact that being anti US and anti China is the height of political fashion. Clearly, the people denigrating China don't take Australia to task for what we have both established as demonstrably far more egregious behavior. Also a repeat of my reply: So if we assume that your interpretation of the data is correct, Australia is just as big an emitter as the US, and they emit roughly 4 TIMES as much as China does. If my interpretation was correct, they emit 5 TIMES the US and 11 TIMES China. My point being that the material point stands in either case. That is, even if we were to all agree to your interpretation, China is still not the problem. Why then, is all of the attention on China and the US? Clearly there are other emitters just as profligate. In fact, in the case of China, most of the other nations are far larger emitters per capita. I maintain that the negative attention given to China and the US is due to the fact that being anti US and anti China is the height of political fashion. Clearly, the people denigrating China don't take Australia to task for what we have both established as demonstrably far more egregious behavior. I applaud the Governor's intentions, it is far more sensible to allocate resources to higher education than to prisons. Having mentioned that, I think it should be stated that he is solving the wrong problem here. The reason tuition is increasing so rapidly in California is because the State no longer has the wherewithal to properly fund its educational institutions. This is a direct consequence of the fact that Californians are able to vote on ballot initiatives obligating that state's government to take on, sometimes quite expensive, commitments. Pair this with the fact that Californians have made increasing their tax burden exceedingly difficult, and you can see the Governor's problem. That situation is really a mess. Even for prisons, he can't cut spending below a certain amount, or the law enforcement brotherhoods and lobbyists will come after him. He can't decrease the number of people in prison because of the Three Strikes ballot initiative, which obliges him to incarcerate large numbers of nonviolent offenders indefinitely. And the worse part about it is that he needs to do both, decrease spending and the number of incarcerated people. And that is one of what must be a large number of issues he needs to work through to get the budget on track. Its prisons vs. education, that decision should be the easiest. I don't envy that State's leaders. People anywhere make democratic leadership challenging but the people of California must be especially difficult to manage. You know the sad thing is that the law enforcement interests would probably come after you on that too. Sad. No one is arguing that it is bad public policy. I myself am only arguing that it is prudent to reconcile public policy solutions to the public's bank account prior to implementing them. I live in Houston, yes I'm a Texan. No one is tougher on crime than Texas. In some cases, yes, Texas is too tough. One of the major reasons Texas did not follow along on the whole Three Strikes bandwagon was because the political leadership thought it might not be cost effective. Now I don't know if it is or it isn't, I would need more data to make that determination. My point is, the leadership here in Texas, at least had the ability to analyze the likely fiscal consequences of such a policy and then decide whether or not to enact it. Balancing the fiscal consequences with the public safety benefits. In California, unless I am misunderstanding their ballot initiatives, the leadership has no choice but to enact the policy. Regardless of the policy's fiscal consequences. I'm just not so sure that is a good way to do things. "[...] the Three Strikes ballot initiative ... obliges [the Governor] to incarcerate large numbers of nonviolent offenders indefinitely." This is a statement of fact, with no assertion made as to 'goodness' or 'badness' of that fact. Indeed I would argue that there is no uncontestable 'objective' basis on which to base such a appraisal. Given the facts present in the article. What I have been saying is that there is an uncontestable 'objective' basis for judging the fiscal consequences of these policies. Further, that I am unsure as to whether or not precluding your leaders from considering those fiscal consequences is bad policy. I am thinking that it is bad policy. Please note that this is not about Three Strikes, it is about the wisdom of not letting your leaders judge the merits of Three Strikes before it is implemented. And, more generally, not letting your leaders judge the merits of ballot initiatives before they are implemented. Very good point. Wow! Things just went batshit crazy. Trying to tell financial people to calm down. Google wasn't making any money in China anyway. And there is no reason to think right now that this will affect anyone else. I REALLY hope people can regain their bearing before tomorrow's trading session. Thank you Google for announcing this after market close! To have announced it during trading would have been horrid. EDIT: BTW It is testimony to the power of social media that people didn't freak when it hit Google's blog, but when it hit the social media sites. Lesson learned there, by me anyway. Or unless the Govt discloses that they know. COINTEL anyone? I agree. Given the information that was available yesterday, this all seemed very plausible. As more and more becomes available, it seems less and less likely to be the government. Chinese government hackers are not script kiddies. They would not make that mistake, even in the made for TV movie. Chinese, indeed ANY, national intelligence agency is well resourced. My guess is that either a lot of information coming out about this right now is being made up by people with no verifiable knowledge of the matter, or there is something that Google is not telling us. Could be both, but I'd put money on internet based know-nothing loudmouths. In the military this was called 'incestuous amplification', I don't know what the civilian term for it is. We tend to lend more credence and legitimacy to that portion of a population that agrees with our own views. Be very careful about falling prey to it. It has actually cost the US military dearly over the past 8 or 9 years. There are actually far reaching initiatives being pursued, at all levels of the military, to mitigate its effect with respect to groupthink in the future. Wow, where are you at? It sounds like you are hearing a lot of pro-Google sentiment, but here in Ningbo, all I get from people is anger. Curiously enough, the anger is not about Google or the censors, but it seems more about the West 'trying to push China around...' or 'trying to keep China down...' So much so that I've learned to avoid even remotely political conversations with people here. Maybe I should start hanging out with more English speakers, but then I wouldn't be able to learn as much of the language. Sigh... So Chanos may turn out to be wrong, but not for the reasons Friedman thinks he is. This is probably a reasonable view. Professor Pettis is also correct in asserting that the role of central bank reserves is one of the most misunderstood concepts in economics. In fact, nowadays, almost any economic concept as it relates to governments or sovereign states are routinely misunderstood. Probably because that is precisely the part of the economy that the average person feels they understand so well. For instance, many people worry, rightly by the way, about our USD1.4 Trillion deficit. They feel qualified to comment on its implications authoritatively since we can SORT OF understand the concept. Yet you see no publicly expressed concern at all over the USD500 Trillion house of cards that is the derivatives market. Very few people understand derivatives markets well enough to know the implications of this situation. I think this causes us not to think about it and to hope that someone else will deal with it before the bottom falls out. Now understand that these guys are not average at all. I have attended Pettis' talks and he is definitely not average. But I think the same sort of intellectual dynamic goes on even in their circle. What? Central Africa is a mess. Rwandans massacre people in the Congo regularly even now. You claim to have been to Rwanda, have you ever heard of Laurent Nkunda? Enough said. Rwanda is a textbook case of how victims can become victimizers pretty much overnight. "What is most troubling about Rwanda is how (at least until Sarkozy was elected), France defends its role and also members of the government that initiated this genocide at the UN..." Uhh . . . so what happened in Goma and countless other places in the Congo is less troubling to you than a bunch of lawyers arguing in a European courtroom? I'm sure any Congolese the Rwandans have not killed yet are happy to hear that. Or they would be if the rebels had not cut their ears off. Central africa is a thousand times worse than Darfur in terms of loss of life and limb. And the Rwandans are normally central to most of the trouble. By the way, when I say loss of life and LIMB...yeah...this is Africa we're talking about so take that literally. Since we're on the subject of 'trouble catalysts' let us not forget France, US and the UK. All generally, only an arms shipment removed from a Congolese girl being raped by a Tutsi prior to having her leg chopped off. Sorry about this rant, but man . . . Peace Corps . . . you work and work and work and in the end, France and the US have a pissing match and POOF . . . two years of your life pissed away. And MOST importantly, dear friends and children you taught to play jax 'disappeared'. Instead of continuing this rant I'll just conclude with a repost of part of my last comment on Rwanda: "Rwanda last year exported 250 million USD worth of coltan. Unfamiliar with what coltan is? It's the African name for columbite-tantalite. Still not ringing a bell? Well you can extract niobium and, most importantly, tantalum from it. The same tantalum that facilitates the use of that nice shiny iPhone you probably own. Don't own an iPhone? You still use tantalum, it's in every other cell phone too! As well as your laptop, and DVD player but I digress. I was talking about the 250 million USD worth of coltan that Rwanda sold on the global market last year. Yeah, a curious thing though, Rwanda does not have any natural deposits of coltan. The only deposits in the area are in DR Congo. Where Rwanda is supporting Tutsi militias to 'protect the people from discrimination'. Someone must have forgotten to tell the people though, because every time the Tutsi militias approach a city, the people flee in terror. I recently spoke with a Swiss friend of mine who stayed with me for a while after returning from the Congo and before she went back to Lausanne. She works for the UN and had occasion to go meet Laurent NKunda before the rest of the world woke up to what Rwanda was up to. Laurent Nkunda is the leader of these Tutsi 'protectors'. At any rate, as she traveled up the road from the lines of the government troops to Nkunda's, she noticed something at the roadblock he had set up that told her all she needed to know about him. You see, his roadblock was composed of the bodies of his victims, topped with heads..." I don't know what troubles me MOST about Rwanda, but I know I won't find it in a European courtroom. This is my point. These surrounding nations have exported their instability to the Congo. The Ugandans claim they are looking for LRA, the Rwandans are looking for Hutus, neither are native to Congo. So, not finding any rebels around, they decide instead to chop the arms off any Congolese children they might run across, after massacring all of the adults. AWESOME. You can put grand names like LRA, or Ugandan Army, or Rwandan army or whatever you like on these guys. That doesn't make them anything more than petty criminals with an ego running around playing cowboys and indians. Only they are too chicken$#it to engage each other in battle, so they prove their mettle by massacring civilians. Each new massacre meant to 'one up' the last massacre by the other side. Ridding the Congo of Rwandans and Ugandans etc etc is long over due. It is time that the world stops coddling these monsters. A boot in the @ss of every Ugandan and Rwandan found in the Congo, now that's change that all of Africa would believe in. You're being fairly vague so let me put some hypothetical context in here. Let's say you made a video game... If all you are talking about is paying taxes under your own name until you find out whether or not a significant number of people are going to buy your game, fine. Anything more than that however would be less than wise. EDIT: Let me amend that... I should say that I was assuming the content of the game was non controversial. If your content is controversial, ALWAYS start the LLC, it is not that hard usually. Not if they are blocked. As the internet becomes more and more central to the dissemination of information, I think it is more and more critical that there be some mutually agreed upon 'neutral' channel for communication between people. Because the alternative is that all access to very large and extremely important populations is cut off from your message completely. For instance, non English speakers in China, Indonesia, Iran, and Vietnam. The worst part about it is that in the days of broadcast, you would just say OK, and proceed to have US Government funded radio broadcast into whatever country. Fast forward to today, and how many of those kids are walking around with a radio? Very few probably. Wait...you mean 'Turn Off Buzz', doesn't really turn off Buzz! Aaarrrgh! That's the last time I 'try out' a Google product. From now on I test their crap on a junk account that I'll create in GMail. Thanks a lot Google... No...not really. Jack@$$es! In the future, Google can make a 'Turn Off Buzz' button that actually Turns Off Buzz. Not that complicated. This is exactly right. Flash is a plugin for the web, and unfortunately for its creators, it has not evolved enough to be of clearly superior use in another capacity. A while ago Flash replaced Java for embedded interactive media content on the web. Java did not disappear because Java could be used to do other things. Would GE Medical Systems write their diagnostic imaging software in Flash? I think we all know that would not happen. But GE would be fine using Java, and so would the FDA who audits their software before it can go to market. My point is, Flash is going to go away. Maybe not tomorrow, maybe not next month, but eventually it will go away. And it will go away because its creators did not innovate and keep evolving it so that it would be useful in a changed environment. This is the tech industry, the environment always changes. Even worse for those who want to keep doing what they were good at yesterday, it changes in unexpected ways. Let every entrepreneur on this board take what is happening to Flash right now as a cautionary tale. Let's not rail against it, we should learn from it. This is how we evolve the American technology industry, by taking these lessons to heart. Let me preface this by saying that I do agree with your assertion that a large number of 'internet' or 'web 2.0' companies today get a large amount of their money via less than honorable business models. Having mentioned that, I am now going to engage in some 'what aboutery' even though I know that it is frowned on here at HN. You see, the ENTIRE dot-com time period was a gigantic scam. The dot-com guys were far worse than the Zynga-types because Zynga is only scamming their customers, whereas these dot-coms were scamming the public markets via crappy IPOs that the dot-com guys knew were crappy. When the music stopped guys like Naveen Jain, (InfoSpace), were left without a chair while guys like pmarca did the smart thing and got out early. The fact that companies today have to scam their customers is a direct consequence of the fact that they can no longer go public and scam some little old lady via her pension fund manager. But really...which is worse? It is human nature to be fond when remembering the past, and still, the past was rarely as fond as we remember it. Again, this is not to excuse what goes on today. I have recommended several times that people take a pass on investments because if the business models are already dodgy, they can only get worse. But let's be honest when comparing the now with the then, this brutal honesty is really what teaches us lessons. You know this article makes me ponder the Steve Jobs 'Reality Distortion Field'. The author is right, if I go to, say, any internet music site like Pandora for instance. I really do feel like I am being slighted if it is not free. And at the same time I actually give Steve my credit card details, IN ADVANCE, because I may want to download the very same music from his site. I would never dream of paying a dime to Pandora. Yet I pay Steve and think, wow, he's doing me a favor! Look at all this great stuff! And so convenient! I don't have a good idea of how many other people do this, but I imagine it is a lot. Perhaps the secret to a good business model in the digital age is to replicate Steve's 'Reality Distortion Field'. Because, as one of the suckers, I can tell you it really does work. Yep. But factors like distance of Epicenter from population centers? Depth of seismic disturbance? Geological nature of the soil? . . . to consider these things requires analysis and critical thought. That is asking way too much when a natural disaster is so recent in our collective memories. Especially one so easily capitalized on by news media. Those of us who are traveled enough can tell you that outside of North America and most of Europe, the Multi-Generational Family never went away. I am unsure whether that is culture or economics, 'good' or 'bad'. But there it is. I logged in just to say that, but you beat me to it. India and China are developing missile systems that can take out an American carrier in a single strike. Which, as a former marine who likes to blow stuff up, I think is really cool by the way. The problem is our response. We attempt to develop a laser that will kill these missiles inbound. All fine and dandy, IF it works, which I wouldn't stake my guys lives on. But that's not even the point. The point is . . . why not engage in a sober and deliberate SWOT evaluation of the carrier group itself. Is it still useful? I don't know, I am not an Admiral. But I really do get the feeling that General Officers in our military are addicted to big, complicated, and expensive systems. Do we really need these? Especially given that we are going bankrupt right now. It's almost as if the Social Security - Medicare people and the Military Industrial Complex really don't CARE that they are sinking us. Uhh... Garply is making some pretty good points. Cyber war on that scale is not for good or even great computer hackers. It is for hackers no one has ever heard of. The people you would need don't work for Google, and are very hard to find. Best to do all this on the up and up. Although I think it will turn out to be nothing more than Google pissing in the wind. Actually, here in Ningbo I've noticed that the Chinese companies are not as anxious to work with American firms anymore. (I have a shop that makes Flash Games). Especially since it was reported a few weeks ago that Google's partners will probably be left in the lurch. No one wants to bet his money on an unreliable horse. I think if there are tech companies or entrepreneurs out there that are still looking to get into the Chinese market, you should find your partners quickly. I'm starting to suspect that there will be a lot of companies with no seats when the music stops. The climate is definitely cooling. This is a tough problem, because 6 years ago someone may have gone to college to be a Computer Scientist. Learned Java or C++ if they were lucky. Probably kept sharp with PHP, Python, Ruby, MySQL et al if they were smart. Maybe a little Flash. Then they get out just when everyone who is NOT going NoSQL is using Amazon RDS. People are hiring iPhone programmers to port Flash apps to ObjC. And everyone is looking to get some Erlang or Scala blood into their dev house. The fact is that all skills are obsoleted eventually. And eventually comes quicker and quicker these days. I don't claim to know what the answer is but I think looking at the world today and asking what people are paying for can be a difficult strategy to make work. Now looking at the world today and asking what people will not pay for is somewhat helpful at least. But trying to catch a moving target is fraught with peril. I think a good piece of advice would be to stay flexible. Flexible in your ability to learn. Flexible in your ability to move. Flexible in your ability to absorb fluctuations in income. I think that in the America of the future workers may need to be flexible, and let a lot of things roll off of them. If not. I don't know. I could see this whole thing ending badly. I would agree. Only I would add well-connected to the list of characteristics of the elite class. My Significant Other just got done creating a plan for the lay-offs of about 5000 highly educated Health Care workers. Outplacement services, severance packages ONLY where legally obligated, others will need approval case by case, flights back to home countries, movers, obtaining extra security etc etc etc. She had to keep a lid on it until recently. AND . . . this is the creamy frosting on the cake . . . they had her include herself. I think the underclass of the future will probably be just as well educated as the elite. But they probably won't know the right people. It will be very much a sort of 'work from layoff to layoff' kind of existence. You've missed the point of my post entirely. Perhaps I wasn't clear enough. The point is that all of the skills you just listed will be obsolete eventually. To say they will not be obsolete is to bury one's head in the sand. The question is, if all skills will be obsolete then what are people to do except be flexible? No. See comment from apinstein above. I thought that discrepancy was interesting too. You would think someone like Fred would have known that. Yeah. The article certainly IMPLIES that the US government does not do this. That's a little shady, but that's the way all these types of articles are written. A while ago, when I first got comfortable with Mandarin, I saw an article that mentioned the University of Wisconsin. Being an Alum, I decided to read through it. Now they characterized the UW, as an American university with 'ties to the American Military'. I thought '...WHAT?' Well I did a little research and found out what these 'ties' were, the ROTC program. ROTC? REALLY Chinese Nationalists? REALLY? Is that the best you can do? Anyway, you see how the Chinese Nationalists and their Government twisted that around. The same thing happens in the US. I was reading an article about how they tracked the Google Hackers to a University in China with . . . you guessed it . . . 'ties to the Chinese military'. I thought . . .'Oh lord, here we go again.' Absolutely right. He has it backwards. You use NoSQL to 'get shit done'. When you have a billion rows, then worry about schemas. By that point you will have a much better idea, a - what said schema should look like, b - what the architecture of the Postgres, or mysql, or Oracle should look like, and c - how much money you will have to solve the problem. Maybe I should have been clear. You only go to SQL RDBMS if you need it. Which, in the vast majority of cases you will not. Further, you only go to SQL where you need it. For instance, right now someone is developing a street car racing game for Facebook. The XBox kind, not the FarmVille kind. At any rate, one of the features is obviously, playback. Now keeping all of those physics updates in an SQL is pointless. And figuring out a schema for that data would have only gotten in the way of them getting that out the door. Throw the physics messages in a queue and write them to Cassandra. If you have even 10000 MAUs, you will easily generate billions of rows. It's just not data that really needs to go into mysql. I don't think Cassandra is a toy. I think you should 'get it out the door' with everything in Cassandra, and then slowly, move the business stuff off. User names, what cars they bought for instance. Stuff that is not read often. But at first, get it out the door. Don't stop to figure out a perfectly normalized schema with balanced indexes. That's because you waited years to address the problem. Not only that, you also rewrote the code, as I advise. But you did not take the opportunity to address the structural data issues you were having, contrary to my advice. My strategy is to rewrite the code, if needed, but with an eye towards addressing structural data issues. After a few months use of a web app you have a good idea of any surprising usage patterns that may appear. Readjust at that point when you are 'talking with data'. This advice is for small startups of the HN variety, where 'customers' are a lot more important than 'authoritative' data stores initially. NoSQL systems are useful tools for mitigating the danger of doing too much engineering upfront. Many tech entrepreneurs fall victim to doing too much upfront engineering in the hopes of their data store not 'decaying to garbage', only to find that no one wants to use their product. NoSQL makes it easy to go back and migrate off the data you want to store 'on the move'. When you have a better idea of how much of it there is, and how it is used. Not if you use AKKA! I have a sincere question here. I really am trying to understand all of this. Can people chime in on why exactly, charging for ipad apps is a bad idea? I mean, it seems to me that for an outfit like the WSJ this will probably work. They can take all of the content off of their web site and make it available only through the ipad app. Their target market is likely to be able to afford an ipad, and would think nothing of buying one. If they would not, then they are not the WSJ target market. Why is this a bad business move for them? There is something that I haven't considered, I'm sure. But I don't know what it is. UPDATE: BTW, what I mean is that WSJ would have just a barebones website with all of the links to the content that makes the WSJ the WSJ informing you that you need to access it via the app. The links to the, sort of, 'not even AP' type content would be free. Former Marine here. Outdated or not, that's the law. The destruction of the Van was clearly murder. If I had done that, a Marine Corps Colonel would have had his boot so far up my ass after seeing that video, that there would not be much left of me to execute. You know what the correct response is from a CO in a situation where a van arrives to pick up bodies? Hint: It's never 'Roger. Engage.' Your guys told you that a van arrived to pick up bodies, and they ask for permission to engage. Correct response: 'Do they have any weapons?' or 'Negative.' Now sometimes there is so much trust between a CO and a particular guy, that clarifying information will not be asked for. This is rare, but it may have been the case here. Which still calls that CO's ability to judge character into question. Bottom line. In the Marine Corps, there would have DEFINITELY been consequences for this action. (the destruction of the van). Also, I noticed that the individual who said they 'had no idea how the children were hurt' was a Major. Now I know there is no way a Marine Corps Officer would tell a lie like that. They would just not say anything. You lose a lot of respect for Army Officers after seeing something like that. Agreed. There was just a front page story about the video with over 2 or 3 hundred votes. Everyone can't have their say in that story, so that we can move on? Everyone who wants to have a say, can have a say there. Let's not fill the stream with all wikileaks. It reminds me of the ipad mania. Actually, it probably means more platform specific code and more headaches for the developer. Meaning, I doubt Apple will suffer much from developers declining to code for it. [This was all out of date information, so I removed it so as not to cause confusion.] UPDATE: Actually, the guys in the office just informed me that everything that used to be true is not anymore. Sorry, everything I wrote is probably wrong as of this morning it seems. Wow. Even more reason to just use Objective-C. You know, I have to say, that given what we know now, even without clarification, it is clearly risky in the short term and dangerous in the long term to be using tools like Unity. That is, if you plan to base a business on the iPad, iPod, iPhone platform. It's also a somewhat stunning to see people pondering whether or not Apple can be sued. Clearly most people here are unfamiliar with the licensing terms of other mobile gaming platforms. The terms for Nintendo, for example, are far more egregious. And if the mobile gaming terms scare you, then you should refrain from even looking at the terms for big three console development. My point is that if this is to change, it will not be in court that the change happens. Running to the government should, in general, be avoided in all entrepreneurial activities. It invites 'help', of the kind that may be unintended. Vote with your IP on this issue. If you think these terms are bad, don't develop for Apple's platform. If enough developers stop developing for it, things will change. If you try to get around it by using something like Unity that compiles to C, Apple is just going to gain access to Unity, ascertain the 'fingerprints' if you will, and ban you on that basis. Software forensics has been around a good deal longer than Unity, so I would not bet against it. The only question is whether or not Apple cares to be strident about these rules. And if I am investing my money, I wouldn't bet against that either. And really, why play cat and mouse, when you can develop elsewhere? For web, or for Android, if Google ever figures out how to deliver a package attractive to consumers. I realize I am proposing that we engage in a massive game of the Prisoner's Dilemma, but talking to Apple won't work. They may be willing to accept something now, but not in a year. So you're still screwed. Best to vote with your IP. "...Personally I will not be giving Apple another cent of my money until there is a leadership change over there." Uhhh What? The Apple Board? Fire Steve Jobs? Yeah, good luck with that buddy. Well, I never want to discourage an entrepreneur, but I do like what you did with that. These people that make Twitter and iPhone businesses should realize that, sooner or later you will need to 'pay tribute to Big Paulie'. Or Big Paulie may just decide he wants your business. No sense complaining about it, just know that going in. Again if you want to make iPhone apps, I think you should. Just stick to Apple's rules while you do it. Exactly, they won't make the same mistake twice. History is foremost in everyone's mind right now. No disrespect intended here. But I have to say this. I just think this is starting to get a little morbid. It's better to win in the field of ideas. If you have a better way, go compete. Create a phone or a tablet or a web site or whatever, and build a business. Wishing someone dead so you can leach off of the one they built is a little 'punk-like'. Now again, no disrespect. I'm just sayin'. Glad you cleared that up. I just wanted to address that whole line of thought before it went too far down the rabbit hole. I love all these 'embarrassingly trivially exploitable issues' that require me to set up my machine in just the right way to make them work. And for all that effort, you can't even own the machine using the exploit. What has it been? 15 years? and this is the best they can come up with for java security holes? You know, I don't like java, but the more stuff like this I read, the more I have to admit that it is smart for enterprises to use it so heavily. An interesting comparison might be to look at the number of java security holes vs activex vs windowsxp vs apache vs iis vs php vs ruby vs (you get the picture). Maybe group by client side and server side. That would give a real 'data based' look at software security quality. Though I suspect that the jvm would be at the top of the 'security quality' heap in both groupings. (ie-least number of holes). I think it would be interesting to see nonetheless. I already commented on another one of these link bait articles here http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1253870 , but I'm reposting my comment here. Just because I felt let down after having clicked through to get the details on some 'juicy' new Java flaw. Only to find the reality to be less serious than advertised. I don't like feeling duped. BTW - The last article was called 'Javocalypse'. Now with a name like that, when I test the exploit, it better deliver the goods. I don't know. That's just how I feel. Anyway, here is the comment I left on that one: ---- I love all these 'embarrassingly trivially exploitable issues' that require me to set up my machine in just the right way to make them work. And for all that effort, you can't even own the machine using the exploit. What has it been? 15 years? and this is the best they can come up with for java security holes? You know, I don't like java, but the more stuff like this I read, the more I have to admit that it is smart for enterprises to use it so heavily. An interesting comparison might be to look at the number of java security holes vs activex vs windowsxp vs apache vs iis vs php vs ruby vs (you get the picture). Maybe group by client side and server side. That would give a real 'data based' look at software security quality. Though I suspect that the jvm would be at the top of the 'security quality' heap in both groupings. (ie-least number of holes). I think it would be interesting to see nonetheless. Yeah, that's exactly the scenario that has me really thinking that it is not good to be the test subject. Maybe they start banning people instead of Apps. Imagine your company gets banned. Not good. You know I think Steve Jobs maybe is doing the right thing for Apple by not allowing all of these cross compilers. I mean, that article really gave me a look at the history that Jobs is talking about when he says these cross-compiler vendors never support Apple as a first class citizen. I don't LIKE it. But I have a better understanding for it now. Adobe, obviously, always wants to target windows first. Companies like Unity and MonoTouch obviously are more in the C# and even .Net camp. These guys are targeting iPhone as an afterthought. And while we know their products do not run well on macs at the moment, I used to think that they would run well on macs in the future. I'm not so sure anymore. Maybe Apple does need to go it alone with respect to middleware. Even better, some enterprising start up could make an Objective-C game engine. Not really. An innovative person could make an Objective-C game engine, or a C++ game engine or what have you. The language does not disallow innovation in frameworks or third party tools, it opens up a new avenue for that innovation. Now mind you I don't agree with the path they have taken. But I do think it is important right now for cooler heads to prevail. Making statements like 'Apple is outlawing innovation...' is not contributing in a constructive fashion to the solution search. What are Apple's concerns? Are they legitimate? How can the developer community address Apple's concerns? If Apple sees not only real effort, but real progress towards addressing those concerns, perhaps it might be willing to loosen up on the reigns. As it stands though, the concerns Apple has are legitimate. Now that we know what they are, can we move towards addressing them. I just think that staking out these strident positions makes for good blog reading, but it is not going to solve anything. If we put our 'crowdsourced' heads together we can come up with a solution that could allow the situation to develop with positive impact with respect to everyone's interests. I'm thinking there is more to it than what you've outlined. If the 188 people are, on balance, younger, one would expect a lower per capita income. Which would make the trade a horrible one. Consider, 188 young hungry twenty to thirty five year old men and women, for 151 forty to fifty year old men and women. I think if I'm Atlanta, I'm comfortable with that trade. I think the Southern cities are doing a good job attracting a more youthful demographic. Click on Harris County in Texas, (Houston). I think it is probably the 'blackest' on the map. Most of the people moving there have lower incomes. Yet at the same time they just elected an openly lesbian woman, with an adopted black daughter as mayor. I think there is a lot of evidence like this that massive numbers of young, hungry and educated people are probably moving in to Houston. And yet. I think the best places to move to, are probably the ones that everyone else is moving from. For instance, I would wager that the blacks and whites moving in to the Detroit area are of a higher economic quality than the blacks and whites moving out of the Detroit area. Your material point is correct however. We need more information to make any determinations about whether what the map tells us is promising or troubling in economic terms. I would just expand the information you cited to include more than just income. In fact, I think it is more important to know age and educational level. You know, I have to say, I read both of the blog posts and this guy has a point. This is basic financial literacy, if you have $500,000 in student loans, perhaps you should rethink the wisdom of buying a $1,000,000 home. Being in a similar economic cohort myself, I see a lot of people like this. Believe it or not, I am often accused of living 'beneath my means'. Am I living beneath MY means, or are you living beyond YOURS? So I think it is fair to label that sort of attitude as the 'degenerate' part of white culture. Just as it is fair to label gangsta rap, absentee fatherism and a myriad number of other issues the 'degenerate' part of black culture. Just because black people will say 'HOW DARE YOU?', does not mean that we should stop speaking the truth in this regard. Neither should we stop speaking the truth simply because whites may be offended. What whites and blacks need to understand is that this is how progress is made. Failing that, they need to understand that this is the United States and it is their right to be offended...and my right to offend them. The opinion of a midwestern farm boy. I don't know what part of Houston you are in, but I know there are a lot of REALLY bright guys that get together over at the G's and Z's on Alameda in the Third Ward. I live down Sunset by Rice Village but I was in that coffee shop one night when they got together. I have to confess that I was shocked actually at how bright those guys were. They felt pretty inclusive too... I mean hey, they let me sit in. So I don't think it is necessarily, a "black" group. Only issue was that I only met one of them who was into software/web startups. Most were in energy modeling or global scale logistics. Think Houston Halliburton, not San Fran Twitter. The one I met in web startups made children's iPad games. Math if I remember correctly. Pretty cool guy though, he spoke a lot of languages. I'm looking up a couple of contact emails for those guys and I will direct them to this thread...maybe you can drop in next time they get together. Just to round it out... There is also the logical fallacy known as "Appeal to Authority" in @maxawaytoolong's comment. But we should not be logic nazis I suppose. My own opinion is that both Slim and Gates can be right at the same time. Lots of businesses provide for lots of people...but not all. I was thinking it was fallacy friday too. I think when people debate things like Charity, they take leave of logic. "...it's a rather limited view of the problem not really taking into account the various feedback loops each option has when it feeds back into the economy and thus back into taxes collected..." This would be a difficult thing to do. What would be an acceptable model for these feedback loops? Given that, at the end of the day, the budget MUST balance. Let's say we all agreed that cutting taxes X%, would have a Y% chance of increasing tax revenue Z% over W number of years. How do we know that? Or, more precisely, what is the probability ratio that we assign that node in the decision tree? Y, right. Now if Y is not 1, then we do not KNOW that the budget will be balanced at date W. My point is, when modeling economic feedback loops 'Y' is rarely 1. So I think what they are saying is, given the serious nature of the current economic shortfalls, they will confine the discussion to only those cuts whose savings can be assigned a probability ratio of 1 in the decision tree. I think they would readily concede that this leads to 'non-creative' solutions. But the output of that decision tree is also guaranteed to work if implemented. Actually, one of the things that bothers me most about all of the bailouts is that many of them are not being repaid. At least not in the way that some people are intimating. HD, for instance is actually able to "repay" via the mechanism of a somewhat hastily arranged private sector bailout by Buffet's Berkshire and Davis. The reason everyone is obliged to try to prop HD up is because, through financial instruments of truly byzantine design, HD's customers were given loans for their motorcycles which were used as backing for certain securities. I won't get into the details, but the short story is HD customers won't repay their loans. Worst part...even if they had, it is not clear that the math would have worked out, and there may have been problems in any case. This is why Buffet cautions us to "Beware geeks bearing formulas". I'm not saying that what the Fed did was wrong...Rome was burning...I won't second guess them. I do think people should realize that the problems are still with us however. What has happened is simply some creative juggling of the debts. This stuff takes time to unwind carefully, and even then some party will need to lose. It's just that there is a need to find more creative, and less obvious, methods of making that loser the Government, ie... tax payer. Because, that is the only party with the requisite resources. And that is where the interesting stuff happens, engineering the repayment of the bailout funds. Sometimes it is repaid with securities of questionable value. Sometimes with hard assets, of dubious utility. They have even done some really brilliant things, like funneling stimulus funds to some of these companies...which were then used to pay back their bailouts. Of course, it looks like these companies paid the money back with revenues from new business. This whole thing has been fascinating to watch. Again, I think the interesting parts were not the bailouts, but HOW the bailouts were being repaid. "...The USB chargers were sourced through a Chinese vendor. We paid to have the proper certification and safety tests performed here in the U.S. for the chargers. However, tonight we were informed by a customer of a safety incident with the black USB chargers..." You think it is appropriate to say this in a recall notice... and this is why you fail. Sony has problems with their products, so does Apple. Neither of them blame their sourcing in communication to customers. Why? Because your problem is not Chinese manufacturers, or Stateside testing companies, your problem is YOU and YOUR PROCESSES. Take ownership and move forward. I am reminded of how you handled getting a bad review, here -> http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2029052 I think there is an attitude at your company that is incompatible with the relentless pursuit of perfection that is required to pull off a successful hardware startup. What you guys need is a 'Come To Jesus' talk, not more clumsy attempts at deflecting culpability. You know I don't like Glenn Beck, and stuff like this is one of the reasons I don't. That said, is there any way to get this off of here. Can someone delete this entry. This stuff doesn't need to be spread around. "...If this revolution goes through it's 50/50, liberal democracy (ElBaradei) vs Islamic theocracy (Muslim Brotherhood)..." If that were the case, I think American leaders would sleep relatively well. The issue is that if those latest elections had not been rigged by Mubarak, then the Muslim Brotherhood would have won by a clear majority. I think the narrative that Western media is pushing about El Baradei being the future leader of Egypt is just the sort of somewhat fanciful thinking that has brought us to where we are today. The power of technology only serves as a multiplier for the effectiveness of the people utilizing it. It does not change their hopes, or fears, or tastes, or biases. It took me a long time to realize in my euphoria about the implications of widespread access to technology, that the Human Element is the weakness in the system... Or its strength. You don't need to move to another state, just use another phone. You can't argue that the Honda Civic alternator won't work on your Mercedes, and the part is only made by Mercedes. When you bought the Benz, they locked you in. You can go somewhere else to get service. But guess what, that mechanic will have to purchase the part from the Mercedes supplier. That is true lock in. Same with servicing the on board computer software. You want the updates? Sorry, only available through Mercedes and Mercedes suppliers. Oh sure you can go to Joe Bobs Auto Service, but then HE will have to order from Mercedes or a Mercedes supplier. OP was right, this model has been around a while. Sorry, not trying to anger anyone or anything, I am genuinely interested. Where in the US was there a natural disaster of significant scale where there was no looting? I'm actually from Wisconsin, but was living in Cedar Rapids during the floods, and there was looting there. My neighbor was the cop chasing these guys down. I am just curious how other communities were able to avoid looting. BTW, Cedar Rapids is in Iowa. Wow, where did you get the idea that no one in Iowa got robbed during the floods? As a matter of full disclosure, I think I should tell you that I lived there at the time of the flood and had to listen to my neighbor go on and on about what he was dealing with. Neighbor was a cop. One word : 'Individualism' The article mentions UK floods, Chile and Haiti earthquakes, and Katrina. The UK, Chile, Haiti and US are all 'Individual at the Center' societies. By contrast, Japan is not so 'Individualist' a society. You may have less looting in a place like Japan after a natural disaster of this scale. However, if there is ever say ... oh ... a recession, you will have 100,000,000 people standing around waiting for the authorities to 'fix it'. You will observe far fewer people launching startups for instance, than you would in similar recessionary environment in say ... Chile. Just wanted to make sure everyone realized that 'it cuts both ways' as it were. All societies have strengths and weaknesses. In fact, as in this case, the strength of any society usually is its weakness. I know of several startups working on ipad 2 games that uses the ipod touch or iphone as the other controller. Or even THE controller. It's actually pretty cool. The one I played made me think ... WOW ... goodbye console wars. I wonder sometimes if there is some way that you can have an open store, but keep out malware. Or does keeping out malware always entail some sort of app review process? If it does, then, yeah I would much rather have the closed, app reviewed store than the open one. Getting a virus on my computer somehow doesn't seem as bad as getting a 'virus' on my phone. That's just me though. I don't know. 80% returns? Really? She was able to get 80% returns? GUARANTEED? This lady kind of sounds like a potential Madoff who got caught early. Yes, she may be totally innocent. That is one of many possibilities. Having mentioned that... man... 80%? guaranteed? Trading Futures? Maybe the punishment is a bit harsh, but it really does seem she was not totally on the up and up. And secondly, what kind of a person gives their money to someone promising 80% returns risk-free? Who did she raise this money from? I mean let's say you're listening to a financial services guy give a pitch over Evian and roasted sweet potatoes with cumin. Right. He says, "I'll get you 80% yearly on your money! Guaranteed! Risk-free!" Well at that point you and I probably look at each other, and just leave. Who would believe that? Happens everywhere. 20 year old black guy walking down street gets stopped by cops. Cops find one joint. Punishment: 5 years... he'll serve between 24 and 36 months if he's smart and stays out of trouble inside. 20 year old white guy walking down street gets stopped by cops. (I know, I know, it probably wouldn't happen. Just suspend reality for a moment. You know. Humor me). Again, cops find one joint. DA declines to prosecute. 20 year old white guy is referred to drug treatment options. We're not short of electricians, we're short of people who can repair televisions. We're not short of carpenters, we're short of people who repair furniture. We're not short of plumbers, we're short of people who repair washing machines. Once specificity is injected into the conversation, the issues surrounding these shortages become more clear. Are you going to pay to repair a computer if the newest wiz-bang HP is only $400 at Best Buy or WalMart. Some might. After all, they may only have $200. Majority will probably just buy a new one. But there is currently a lack of labor to address the market of people who wish they could have the computer their aunt gave them 4 years ago refurbished. It's also more clear why the shortage exists. People with the proclivity will gravitate towards the 'safer' route, being an electrician. We only notice a lot of laid off electricians because construction is in a downturn. But, and here I'm only speculating, I think most electricians or utility company linemen for instance, would not count refurbishing old pc equipment for minorities in ghettos as a viable replacement for the work they currently do. At least not financially. Similarly for carpentry. There is a market outside construction for woodworking. Does it pay as well? Is it large enough to absorb all of the carpenters idled due to the construction downturn? Judging by the unemployment numbers for construction workers, I would bet the answer to at least one of those questions is 'no'. The reasons for our imbalances are more fundamental. In the US, things are less expensive to buy than they are to build for instance. Presently, encouraging people to go to Vocational Schools sets the conditions for the same sort of disappointment as encouraging them to go to College does. Until the more fundamental equilibrium are established, we will always be short of people willing to do low paid work. And there will be an over supply of people to do the high paid work. Even on the vocational level. FAR more vocational people in car repair for instance, than computer repair or woodworking. Consequently, it is tough to land a job in car repair and easy to be fired. Lots of people out there learning to do it. Meanwhile, no one wants to repair furniture or PCs because there is no money in it. Agreed. Wouldn't surprise me if Google were behind it. Apple may have lots of money, but something tells me these particular patent trolls could get the money they need if it came down to it. Don't worry about the disadvantage in manpower and industrial capacity, military technology has advanced a great deal since WWII. I'm sure the majority of military planners are bright enough to have a nagging suspicion, somewhere in the back of their heads, that an open war between China and the US would be over in a matter of hours. Actually, @potato has it right. If the public gets mad at you, you AND your mistress are goners in China. It's crazy how things work over there. Trial is only used as a method of providing justification for the execution. I have to say that if you have ever lived in China, you are not surprised that so many corrupt officials run. China is not like the US where you can engage in corruption and get a slap on the wrist. In China, they _will_ execute you, your wife, AND your mistress. And they will keep arresting or executing your acquaintances until someone comes up with the missing money. Then they will execute that person as well! That's a bit of an exaggeration, but not much. What is sad is that some of these guys _might_ have been willing to cooperate in returning the stolen funds were it not for the aggressive nature of anti-corruption prosecutions over there. Now, however, the whole thing has spiraled out of hand. The Chinese are swimming in money. They don't even _want_ the money back...they just want the corrupt guy or gal dead. So there is very little incentive for witnesses or corrupt officials or whatever to cooperate if they can manage to flee. And they all go to the US or Canada, where they are protected. So the whole thing has deteriorated into a grudge match. He is if he has a dinghy no one else knows about. Uhhh...what? Try 'working conditions'...or actually...try 'just getting a job'. You must know some super rich Chinese young people if their number one complaint is Google access. Actually I think iPads will do that. They already connect to your big screen tv. Add to that the fact that people are figuring out that you can use an iPhone or iPod Touch as a controller and you really have the potential for something groundbreaking. Imagine if kinect-like software were integrated in iOS 6 or 7. Your apps could use it as input. So you make a game that does, then users put the iPad in a stand next to your big screen tv, connect it, and play 'iPad Dance Jam 7' or whatever. I could easily see that happening. Can someone better informed explain this Google-Oracale Java tiff to me. If Google is using Java, and they have gobs of money in the bank, why not just license it and be done with it? Don't they have more important patent fights to worry about? (I'm thinking about Apple). I just don't understand how all of this works I guess. They have very competent corporate attorneys, so I assume they are making the right decisions. But I mean really, if there are emails like this laying around, just pay the fee and make this whole thing go away. What's the hold up? This is why a good leader lets the mob have it's day. Stop a protest because it turns violent...well everyone kind of expects that. Even the protesters. Try to stop a protest before it happens, or throw up logistical roadblocks...and you end up with the Civil Rights Era redux. Always let people have their say...and get it over with. You can more easily stand a gut punch than death by a thousand cuts. Is anyone able to explain this chart for me? When they say that the 'Top Fifth' are all of the people in the labor force making over USD112541, does that mean that 20% of American workers make more than that? That's pretty astounding to me, if it is indeed the case. At a labor force size of about 154 million people, that means that over 30 million people are making over USD112541. I know that a good number of people are making WELL over USD112541 actually, though I thought it was just because of my neighborhood and social group. To see the aggregate numbers is staggering. Where is the money coming from to pay that many people that much? I have some inkling that this is what leverage and debt do for an economy, but ... wow. Any econ profs, or grad students around to explain ho this is possible? This is a bit off-topic, but only because some of the comments made here are making me wonder about Unity3D. A while ago, I kept hearing a lot about Unity3D while talking with teams around the DC-NY area. So I looked into it, and made a small game mayself, just research - non-commercial, to see if it was as useful as everyone claimed. Everything they said was true, I was able to get a simple game done in a weekend. BUT, that was without leaderboards, or even scoring, or social tie-ins or ANYTHING other than the simple mechanic and even simpler graphics. Haven't touched it since... I would be curious to know, from anyone who uses Unity to make real games, how long does it take you to put out a game with Unity? And once you are using it...isn't it a little difficult to switch to something else if you want to produce a larger project? Or does it work fine for larger projects as well? Basically just wondering what are people's impressions of using Unity? There is actually something more fundamentally troubling about this new fee ... it drives Americans to use more credit. It was pointed out to me recently that this tendency towards credit that is really 'built-in' to the rules in our society, would probably end up doing us in one day. Sometimes you don't even think about it. I recall once, shortly after the onset of the financial unpleasantness that began in 2008, I was at an airport trying to rent a car. I thought, "Hey...I'd better start practicing what I preach!" So I whipped out a simple debit card, with more money behind it than the value of the car I was renting. "Nope...we don't accept debit...only credit". I thought, "That's a little strange...no wonder the financial system is taking a crap." I didn't have a lot of time, so I just did the credit card thing. Point is, there are a large number of places out there that will not allow you to do business with them unless you are willing to go into debt, for however brief a period of time. When you consider the size of the US and the number of transactions being made every day...that's a little concerning. Wow dkokelley, did you read the article? In it, the statement is made that the technology will use factors such as ethnicity and gender to determine who was thinking about committing a crime. I wonder if tech like this will encourage more self-segregation? People, particularly blacks, will discover over time that they will encounter less legal trouble if they behave in a certain fashion. That includes staying away from places where 'people like you' would not be expected. EDIT: OK ... I see your comment below now dkokelley. Not sure why you are being down voted. Harboring people powerful governments consider terrorists is an extremely dangerous proposition. Always has been. This is basically the same action that France took against Malcom X. Publicly, it was bowing to American pressure. Unofficially ... well I don't know the truth of it obviously ... but many are saying that the French had it on very good authority that Malcom X would likely be assassinated on that visit. They didn't want that happening on their soil. If the Americans had problems, the least they could do was keep the problems to themselves. Believe me ... none of us has ANY idea what is going on behind the scenes ... or what the real story is. I think SA security orgs are getting tired of dealing with everyone's issues. A prominent rights activist AND a prominent Rwandan government opponent both had an assassination attempted on them right in the middle of the World Cup! Enormous resources are going into protecting exiles of conscience in SA right now. Security and intelligence resources I'm sure. This is the terrain that SA government is operating in. Better to just say no to everyone else. SA is a nation with enormous problems of her own ... she has already done her bit. Let others invite the Dalai Lama if they care to. Wow. I looked it up. You're right, Finland does much better internationally than most of the other Scandinavian nations. I would not have expected that result. One of the reasons I like HN is because sometimes, reading through comments, I see things that just blow my perceptions out of the water. I enjoy going back and reformulating my arguments. Easy solution... Perhaps the founders from Ann Arbor could simply have their names removed from the list of startups grown in Detroit. They could find another method for myself, or anyone else on HN who is not from SE Michigan to discover information about them. A list of startups grown in Ann Arbor would be of equivalent interest to everyone here. Or anywhere else for that matter. Oh wait... Wow. That's a brilliant way to put it. This is, unfortunately, VERY good advice. If I were a young, black guy trying to start a company...I don't care how smart I am...I would go get a front man. Don't let idealism advise your financial dealings. IDEALLY...it would be great if there was no bias. PRAGMATICALLY...there is bias, those kids will need to deal with it. One way is to come across an Arrington, but as not all guys are like Arrington...you would be well advised to have a front man. "...The whole sport (e.g basketball) industry is dominated by black people. Do you see asian people crying around shouting 'racism'?" No. But I do see them start fights with black people when they get beat by them. You should see it ... it's hilarious -> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmG9G-ZwDDc I think the PHYSICAL fighting you see on the part of the Chinese teams is a manifestation of the same frustration that blacks show towards their own under representation in tech fields. Just my take. Not only have I seen them ... I've played them ... NCAA Div 1 Track and Basketball. Anyone fighting in Track and Basketball is fighting because they are getting beat. And because they are generally a whiny Beeyotch. And that was true even back in my day, (early 90's). Never played other sports, (hockey), so I can't say. But if you are fighting in Track or Basketball ... I can guarantee it is because you are a beeyotch. Now you couple this fact with the fact that the CBA gets into fights with nearly every visitor that beats them...and you have to think there are some frustrated players over there. Google China vs. Brazil or China vs US or China vs Australia or China vs anyone really. I question whether you have played sport at a sufficiently high level if you believe that fighting is just a part of it. Or if you have ... your coaches failed miserably in getting the point of athletics across to you. Can I ask a serious question? To me, what Arrington is saying sounds totally reasonable. It doesn't sound racist at all. It sounds like he is trying to be a part of the solution. Why are people pummeling him from every side? Is this what America has come to? You make a reasonable and moderate statement and the people at the extremes immediately rush to the center to knock you over the head. I never thought I would see the day when most of America positioned itself at ideological extremes. Kudos to you Mike! Keep up the good work! Oh... and incidentally... ignore your friends' advice. To paraphrase the Feminists... "Well behaved men rarely make history!" Interesting asymmetry: if A calls Black Guy a drug dealer or rapist, the onus of proof is on Black Guy to defend himself, and the standard for innocence is so high that this is usually impossible. Happens all over our society in all different directions. Unfortunately for the guys being called racists, they have their reputations besmirched. Unfortunately for black guys getting called rapists, they have to spend 15 to 30 years behind bars before the Innocence Project can get them out. Assuming they are not executed, which many are. Point is, Arrington can't do anything for 'Black Guy Falsely Accused Of Rape'. And most of us can't do anything for 'Guy A Falsely Accused Of Being Racist'. THIS is why you are finding so much 'strangeness' out there... because there are just enough race baiters out there to get on tv and accuse people of being racist or to get on juries and convict black guys of rape even in the absence of credible DNA evidence! More appropriate 'D' -> I want to type ___ into my cheap mobile device with its free operating system." No one will care if it is Google that gets searched. Only that an answer is forthcoming...or maybe even an app. They could make a fortune selling the list of names of women who bought this software. Then bill that service out as something like 'Girlfriend Screening'. Wow...I have a whole new appreciation for how unbelievably lucky I got. Never even worked in Silicon Valley and had multiple exits that were, judging from this poll data, quite anomalous. Even when I was the employee. When I started out I had no clue about exits or options or any of it. It was just another number on my offer letter. I took the job because I wanted to learn and do some fun graphics programming. It really is a Christmas miracle that I was able to do that and not even live in San Fran. Based on my experience, I would say a good number of the votes you see represent pure, dumb, luck. Without question my votes do. Maybe some people were able to steer themselves to those exits, but for many, I'm betting they just got lucky as well. This data is really only showing you the likelihood of getting lucky. It is better than anywhere else in the economy. But it is not something that you should plan on. I think that is the "take-away" as the business guys would say. Funny story... My daughter caused an incident at school when she wouldn't recite the Pledge of Allegiance to TEXAS! That's right, every morning, kids here in Houston recite the Pledge of Allegiance to the STATE OF TEXAS! Well my daughter refused, and would only pledge allegiance to the Flag of The United States. Interesting exchanges ensued with the teachers and school administration telling her she wasn't being the right kind of 'leader'. She needed to be more of a 'team player'. In the end, they just told the other kids she was the 'class clown'. You know...because "She is always being 'loony'." This is society writ small. If someone exercises free or critical thought, they will be labelled a 'crazy' or 'radical'. The worst part is that the rest of society, or in my daughter's case, the class, will believe the authorities. Just came to my mind when I read your comment. To be clear...she's in ELEMENTARY school, I don't know if pledging allegiance to the State of Texas is required of high school students here. I can't imagine it is...of course I couldn't imagine a pledge of allegiance to the state of Texas either before I heard from the principal about my daughter's 'disruptive' behavior. Question for anyone caring to posit an opinion. I have interest in a few apps out there. All are available on iOS and Android. I have found the iOS apps to be MUCH more profitable. Apps made for iPad are incredibly profitable. Now realize, I am only talking about apps I had a hand in. My question is, why is this? Is this just the way the market is? And if others are getting more profit from Android than iPhone, what do you think is driving that? I guess the question is, how do you get Android users to pay you? It is an important question if such a growing number of people are using Android. "Similarly, China's "progress" in building high-speed rail lines looked like an example to the world until a deadly crash" Don't really want to get into a Good US - Bad China debate, but I wanted to point out bad use of stats you engaged in with this statement. It struck me because I am currently in Houston dealing with bad use of stats in the energy industry. Which flawed stats are being used as an argument against certain forms of energy. Anyway... China's bullet trains have carried millions of passengers. As have HSR all around the globe. In that time, there was one crash in China, killing 40 people. The first, [as you were] the SECOND deadliest, HSR collision incident globally since Eschede-1998. That's actually a pretty good track record. Again, I can tell you are pretty emotional about the China thing so I am not commenting on that... just saying that the HSR is actually pretty impressive when viewed from a dispassionate frame of reference. Uh.. I'm in Houston and I have to put some qualifications on that. Only CERTAIN petroleum engineers would make 1% kind of money. I would think the statistics would mirror software engineers roughly. Maybe a little better, maybe a little worse. Just nowhere even close to Dentists and Doctors. I think many of these companies are looking at the very real possibility that being relegated to being a 'Western Country Company' may not be the best financial strategy long term. That said...Twitter is too late. I don't think many Chinese young people will switch at this point. They have already missed the boat on micro blogging in China, they should at least keep their ideals...now they will keep their ideals and won't get the Chinese market anyway. Although when I consider the matter more fully...the world is bigger than China. Some of those other nations may be important markets going forward...and they may have some censorship laws Twitter would have to deal with. Indonesia will probably be the second most important nation in Asia in the future, and I think Twitter hasn't lost yet in places like that. And Indonesia probably has things you can and cannot say. Uhh... I think you are underestimating the reach of the FBI and DHS. They know EXACTLY whose IP address is posting every comment, they just never go through them unless your spouse's body turns up somewhere. Then they go through everything. What is surprising to me is that they went through the e-communications of these two simply because they were traveling to the US. That's new info to me...I didn't think they did that. Yes it is a given...it's right in Twitter's privacy policy that they will release your private information to the authorities when asked. Oh..sp332 beat me to it. Well Apple and Foxconn are swiftly constructing a vast manufacturing installation in Brazil right now. Several actually. So now maybe everyone will stop complaining about working conditions. But I doubt it. Of course...maybe they will just start complaining about the D@#N Brazilians stealing our jobs. Somehow I think complaining is just part of what people in the developed world do. Wow... I wonder what the Ivies would look like if admissions were 100% merit. No legacies. I think there would be FAR fewer trust-funders. And MIT's 'Chocolate City'...pretty much gone. I suspect they would be very Asian places with a smattering of Jewish students. I think I can see why they would give ... say ... a Colorado snow boarder a few extra points. I think there is something that he brings to an Ivy campus...though I can't quantify it. You're correct. Precision is important. It would have been more accurate to say "...100% academic merit..." The material point is the same though, I really can see where the hypothetical snowboarder might have something to offer the Ivy community even if there are others more qualified academically. But again...I can't attach a number of points to that. I don't know what that number would be. To the issue...I do think there should be more taken into account than just academics. I just can't think of a way to take those things into account AND be fair. That's because ... frankly ... neither the black or the white guy belong there. Who cares about the differences between them. The more information I find on this issue...the more I find myself agreeing with the Asians. Asians play basketball and football, and involve themselves in social projects. If you have differences like that between Asians and everyone else...it's legitimate to ask why are ... say ... non Jewish whites, or blacks, or hispanics getting into elite Universities at all? I tend to agree. Given the number of Asians applying to these universities, you have to wonder how non Jewish whites, blacks, and Latinos are gaining admission to these schools at all? There HAS to be something going on to give them a leg up. Obscenity is not in question...Only utility. You'd be surprised how significant the precision of wording is in law. And I would be surprised if lawyers didn't seek to have this very point litigated. You are arguing the question of value...The Constitutional clause she is referencing is really speaking on 'utility'. Just a nitpick I know...but I suspect that is the strategy this woman is hoping will get her by. You don't get points in intel by giving information away. This is the critical juncture of a realignment in a critical region of the world. Not a made for tv movie. I suspect no one is playing fast and loose with this particular situation. Highly likely it was actually Anon that did this. Commenting on this particular troll is probably beneath the majority of us. However, on a general note, I think it is important to realize that every text message you send, every cell phone conversation you have, every post to the CNN forum you make, every tweet you send ... is directly attributable to your IP whether you use your own name or not. With Facebook and Google tracking everything you do, whether you are logged in or not, I would go one step further, and say all of these things are directly attributable to you personally. I would strongly urge young people to really think about what they are putting out there. Consider this, the military was doing the equivalent of credit checks for sensitive positions during the 60s. Now you need a credit check to do ANYTHING, even things that don't require credit. How long before an internet and phone background check is standard in the background checks organizations do before offering jobs? I can tell you the military is doing this sort of screening right now for sensitive positions, but at least you are confronted about it. It still basically ends your career, but they will give you a chance to explain your posts. In the private sector in the future, they will just deep six your application and you won't know what happened. Or they'll let you in at entry level, maybe, and subsequently you'll start running up against an invisible barrier as you try to advance beyond the first or second layer of management. Or you will find resistance to you advancing into management at all. Also be mindful, it can affect more than your professional life. Think about what the background checks for apartments will look like in the 2020s. Or what 'dating sites' will be like in the 2020s. Please consider your future before you make comments on ... say ... Hurricane Katrina ... that might be misconstrued. Or post an opinion on ... say ... American soldiers in Afghanistan ... that could be taken out of context and viewed in a negative light. All that said, the absolute best defense against these sorts of situations is just not to be a douche, which isn't very hard. If a guy or girl is dead...leave them in peace. If you can't say something nice...just don't comment. You know ... I gotta say ... Hikers coming into Iran the back way??? Ex-Military type who looks like a spy, sounds like a spy, and behaves like a spy, but somehow ... isn't a spy??? Look, Americans are probably well advised not to visit Iran right now. With the obvious exception of American black guys who play basketball REALLY well, you probably won't receive that great a welcome at present. You need to realize that if anything untoward were to happen to you there is little that we can do on your behalf. I do think that the US Government should use its influence to protect its citizens but ... MAN... come on people ... please exercise a MODICUM of good judgement. Help them...Help you. That's not too much to ask. Just wanted to ask...are you saying we should do something for him...or that we should not? Because I stand by my post, risking ANY of those things is, to my mind, too much to ask of the Government. Especially when individual Americans KNOW the risks of going to Iran. Hmm... I looked into his stats because I don't pay much attention to the Knicks. At any rate I think Jeremy Lin is definitely going to have a good deal of trouble succeeding long term. There are a number of concerns there, but by far the biggest is TOs. In each game he's played, he has had the most TOs of any player. You can coach that away but one of two things will happen, his FGs will go up and his ASSTs will go down, or his ASSTs will go up and his FGs will go down. What you want, for a lot of reasons that most of you probably already know, is for the latter to happen. What seems to be happening is the former. There is a reason it is called a Point Guard. That needs to be fixed or other coaches will definitely take advantage of it when it counts. You say, "well no problem...when Stoudemire and Anthony get back the problem will ameliorate." It may. I don't know. I would have to revisit his stats at that time. If I had to bet, I would bet that it will get better. But other young PGs struggle with the same issue...to the detriment of their teams in my opinion. I guess what I am saying is that success in basketball, as measured in rings, requires stats optimized for balance and flexibility rather than strength. When Jason Williams finally got to Miami he was a more balanced PG. IIRC, during the 2006 finals he averaged 12 points and 7 ASSTs. Critically, at that point in his career TOs were under control. Jason Williams peaked at, somewhere around 3.5 a game. Jeremy Lin is averaging twice that at least. Not good. And consider, Jason Williams could make some of that up on the back end with steals. Not so much with Jeremy. So I can see why a lot of statisticians would look at Jeremy Lin and say,"...well with my personnel...I'll have to pass on this guy." Of course if we scour the web we will find one guy who rated him highly, that is the nature of the beast. But there are a lot of good reasons that a lot of good scouts did not rate him highly. And most strategists probably see a lot of those reasons every time he plays. All that said, Jason Williams, after initially playing a lot like Jeremy, achieved a REALLY good ASST/TO rating. If it wasn't THE highest...it was close. But again, that's the 12 points 7 ASSTs Jason Williams, which is what you want in a PG if you want to get to a ring. WHAT!?!? Name ONE team with a stats department that consists of a SINGLE Assistant Coach. What you said is not true. Stats is HUGE! Try to get drafted if the stats department gives you a thumbs down. I hate being THAT GUY, but I can tell you with authority that the quickest way out of PLC is an Integrity Violation. The Marine Corps will work with you on youthful indiscretions like drug use. Integrity Violations? Yeah...not so much. That will get you an all expense paid ticket out of Quantico, from Reagan I think. So...I don't know...police in California may think honesty is less than useful, but I would be careful about painting all law enforcement, military and intel agencies with too broad a brush. The only thing one can reasonably conclude from your experience, is that there is a chance that certain California police forces could be corrupt. Which, frankly, comes as little surprise to people outside of California. Though I can understand the consternation it may cause to people in California. I know this may sound like a dumb question... But is it true that people still make money in porn online? When is that business going to dry up? Aren't there 50 bazillion porn sites already? They can't all make money. I know this is a sample size of one...but I don't pay for porn. Yes and No. Basically it is ANY kind of lie. Saying you didn't do drugs when you did. Etc, etc. Most likely Japan AND China... AND Germany... AND Brazil... etc... It's the nature of that particular tech. Even if they lose they could come out on top. Victors write history, but the vanquished ... if they are crafty ... write legends. And then you are in REAL trouble. The crucifixion of the Christ was only the first step in Christianity's eventual conquest of Rome. That about covers it. But his point is still valid...tech people could easily have gone to med school. If they had...they would have had a more solid chance at accumulating that USD10Million than working startup after startup. Yeah. I understand it is a bad situation and everything, but as you said, that's just the way it works here. In fact, he got off pretty light talking to the cops like that in NYC. You should thank your lucky stars that you were not...say...black American...you would have had a WHOLE lot harder time. I guess what I am trying to say is that, unless you left something out, it sounds like you were treated a good deal better than most NYC residents would have been treated under similar conditions. Now that IS a bad thing...I realize...but...you know... I'm just sayin'...it's not like they will single out foreigners. Actually, the code maker IS pretty able. You need to consider that this individual had to create the code and communicate its nature to compatriots on the outside. The code had to be simple enough for said compatriots to use in encoding information themselves, as well as being amenable to manual encryption and decryption. Since we can assume said compatriots probably were not exactly computer programmers or mathematicians. All of these requirements had to be met while keeping the code reasonably difficult for police to decipher. I think it is, too often, tempting to only consider one side of the creation process in situations like this without giving due consideration to context. Giving full consideration to context, this would, to me, seem a relatively dangerous individual. On another note, this is another example of how far law enforcement is willing to go, in terms of resources, to get their man or woman. Normally, the vast majority of us are not worth the effort of listening to our phone calls, or reading our emails, snail-mail, texts, or web posts. HOWEVER, once a spouse's body turns up, or ANY bodies turn up ... or maybe a bank goes under ... all of that changes. They will look through EVERYTHING. And you will be worth the effort to decrypt it. It's not only national security that will get you that level of resource allocation. Also...if you run across a REALLY nasty lawyer...they may point out that the content is not ENTIRELY 'User Uploaded'. It is 'Pin'ed...but TECHNICALLY, Pinterest is going out to get the content and putting it on their own servers. At least I thought that is how it worked. Does anyone know how pinterest is doing this? Is the content coming from the user, or a third party server that the user instructs Pinterest to reap from? A bit off of their central point but.... Having never been to SG but the more I hear about its public-private interactions, the more intrigued I become. American young people may be at a disadvantage to Asian young people in the coming years. I think it would be difficult in the US to have the government provide, what is essentially angel funding, to startups. But this sort of, 'provide angel funding' thinking, is beginning to take hold around asia. For instance, I knew that the Indonesian government was trying to figure out the details of how they might accomplish something similar in Indonesia. I don't know...just will be interesting to see those structural differences and how they play out over time. Maybe Asia will have more low quality startups since that funding is less dear. I don't know...it'll be interesting to watch. It's never gone though... As soon as you apply for a job that is high level or sensitive enough, that information will be part of the dossier they review. Depending what is in your FB, or any other comment history you may have, it MIGHT be wise to keep that FB. Lest they think you were trying to hide something. I'm just going to repost a comment I made during an HN thread on trolling here: "....However, on a general note, I think it is important to realize that every text message you send, every cell phone conversation you have, every post to the CNN forum you make, every tweet you send ... is directly attributable to your IP whether you use your own name or not. With Facebook and Google tracking everything you do, whether you are logged in or not, I would go one step further, and say all of these things are directly attributable to you personally. I would strongly urge young people to really think about what they are putting out there. Consider this, the military was doing the equivalent of credit checks for sensitive positions during the 60s. Now you need a credit check to do ANYTHING, even things that don't require credit. How long before an internet and phone background check is standard in the background checks organizations do before offering jobs? I can tell you the military is doing this sort of screening right now for sensitive positions, but at least you are confronted about it. It still basically ends your career, but they will give you a chance to explain your posts. In the private sector in the future, they will just deep six your application and you won't know what happened. Or they'll let you in at entry level, maybe, and subsequently you'll start running up against an invisible barrier as you try to advance beyond the first or second layer of management. Or you will find resistance to you advancing into management at all. Also be mindful, it can affect more than your professional life. Think about what the background checks for apartments will look like in the 2020s. Or what 'dating sites' will be like in the 2020s. Please consider your future before you make comments on ... say ... black people and Hurricane Katrina ... that might be misconstrued. Or post an opinion on ... say ... American soldiers in Afghanistan ... that could be taken out of context and viewed in a negative light. All that said, the absolute best defense against these sorts of situations is just not to be a douche, which isn't very hard..." ---- I think that comment is apropos here as well. I encourage all of the young people I work with, as often as I can, to be careful about what comments they put ANYWHERE on the internet. To be mindful of what they say during ANY cell phone conversation. And to try to limit their use of text messaging. I know this sucks, but this stuff is serious...these things WILL affect your future. I had to ... as patiently as I possibly could ... explain to a woman yesterday that her iPhone 4 was not 4G (LTE). I think people like her are who Apple target with this sort of marketing. Don't misunderstand, I don't believe Apple made users believe they were getting a 4G phone with the iPhone. I just think companies like AT&T, Verizon, Samsung and Apple word things in a manner intended to put their customers in a certain frame of mind. How is scenario 3 different from scenario 1? Just re-read your post. Scenario 3 includes a population of Jokers. That is the difference. So your assertion... is that Batmen only provide a benefit where there exist Jokers in the population. At least in the Volunteer's Dilemma. His is worthless as well... Unless you can fact check it. He can just rebrand it a comedy. Uhhh... Wow... Maybe it shouldn't...but that makes me think a little less of this guy. I have always tried... but now I think I will redouble my efforts to fact-check and look with a critical eye, at issues that come to my attention via 'Clicktivist' campaigns. EDIT: ...He is described on the organization's [Invisible Children] website as a co-founder and "our grand storyteller and dreamer."... Not at all a slow news day for clicktivism. Better to just rip the band-aid off though... less painful that way. Hmm... Not really sure bitcoin could compete well in Systeme D. You are dealing with a lot of people who believe in cash or precious metals. These bring trust in Systeme D. One thing the article doesn't mention is that the Somalis are actually making a pretty big impact as proprietors of a sort of 'banking' system for these kinds of transactions. If you give a Somali 'banker' ... say ... 2000 Euro in Norway, you can count on your cousin in St. Paul, MN getting 2000 Euro from one of the local Somalis. The same is true if you want money to go from Sao Paolo to Capetown. Or Shanghai to Dubai, etc. Their system is robust, extremely trustworthy, and most important, quiet. It is DEEPLY lodged in shadow trans african trade, and rapidly growing in shadow global trade. It will be hard to displace a system like that. Unless the world's Governments decide to invade Somalia, which does seem to be the case lately. One place bitcoin might be useful is in large transactions. The Somalis don't seem to be interested in facilitating these yet, and for obvious reasons, merchants do not want to use cash. If bitcoin builds a reputation for trust on large transactions, perhaps through the convenience of mobile phones it can work its way down the food chain so to speak. But... yeah ... right now there are a lot of Africans for instance, who trust the Somali networks more than the banks in their own countries. Trust like that is hard to earn...and very expensive to buy. It could happen for bitcoin though if boosters put in the work. You might have noticed I used the example of inputting Euro into the Somali system in Norway. The fact that Norway uses the Krone does not mean that Euro are not readily available. Likewise, Sweden may switch to digital, but Euro and dollars, and certainly silver and gold will be readily available. Doesn't matter that a person gives the Somali CFA in Cameroon, Euro will come out in Paris. The Somalis are good with that sort of thing. You just tell them how much and exactly who is supposed to get it. They can make it happen. What's crazy is that they can even make it happen in war zones. Even in a place like Goma with genocidal Hutus and lunatic Tutsis running around. I suspect it actually works better in places like that because the corrupt generals need some way to get their ill gotten gains out. The point is ... there is no question that our satellites would have found such evidence by now. We may not tell the general public ... but we would definitely have a good idea of where to look for evidence. I'm right there with you. I mean KickStarter is akin to donation. There is no expectation of getting your money back plus a return. This seems ... I don't know ... kind of bush league. Who would do this? A team might have, I don't know, thousands of potential 'investors' who they would have to keep happy. What about follow on rounds? So many people are lawsuit happy now a days as well. Just seems... I MUST be missing something. I think you got that backwards. To be fair... Apple is training an Army of people on the same 4 products. Best Buy is trying to train an Army of people on a myriad number of products. Just sayin'. Hmm... Be careful what you wish for. If antitrust laws can be applied even when there is no monopoly, indeed, not even a majority market share, you are basically giving the government a green light to do a WHOLE lot of bad things. I believe what kiba is intimating is that no matter how much you pay... some drugs and diseases are just hard to come up with solutions for. To give an example everyone is fairly familiar with... even if you paid USD100 Million per research position to get a cancer vaccine, I'm not certain you would get it any faster than if you paid USD200000 per position. Or USD100000. It's just REALLY hard to come up with. Those are definitely the two 'take-aways'. If there is a hole here... there may be other holes that might be REAL security threats. Other people are correct as well, in that the headline is link bait. I was expecting to find a way to get clear text passwords from my test OSX Lion setup. I can't actually do that on my test system, and I'd wager the vast majority of hackers can't pull that off either. At least not without changing the setup. Of course... probably my fault for believing you could. Uhhh... The fact that NO AMOUNT OF MONEY could save you from prosecution in China maybe? In fact, the American Conservative can point to several dead Chinese 'Boardroom types' to make a quite convincing argument that no amount of money could even save them from execution in China. Immigrant who only sought US citizenship for financial gain, renounces US citizenship for financial gain. This is not terribly surprising. There is a subset of Immigrants that move to the US, not because they believe in its ideals, but because it is financially advantageous for them to do so. Sometimes it works for the benefit of the US... as in this case. Other times... not so much. On balance, I believe we generally gain more than we lose. Though I have no data to back up that assertion. I have to say... hnhg seems correct here your arguments can definitely be 'distilled'. In that distillation process the references to 'Indians', 'Shamrocks' and 'Barbarians' would be the first to go as they add no support to your material point. Of course, hnhg's comment approaches Ad Hominem. It could also be better worded. Just trying to be fair. I'm not very big on Apple practices, but I have to agree with you here. This seems like the sort of tool that can be used to do some really shady things. Which, in and of itself, is not a problem. The thing is, when money 'goes missing' from user accounts, they tend to blame either Apple or the App company as opposed to themselves for not paying attention to what they were doing. Apple has been burned in the media by things like that before. IE - Kids racking up thousands of dollars of purchases because mom authorized one, and then let the kid go play on her ipad. In this case, this seems reasonable. Unless I'm missing something, this is not the sort of thing you want being easy for novice users. Principle is the same. So Flattr only enables shady access to $30 a month, which mom wanted to use at a day spa say. Only little suzy saw the "like" thing and said, "Hey... I like this paperdolls app/site (whatever)!" I mean, mom may have even been happy allocating some money to educational things, but not virtual Barbies. Your statement is basically saying, "Well Flattr only enables shady people to steal a set amount every month." As everyone else has said... This is not very new or innovative, it's pretty standard actually. What concerns me is the lack of evidence that all of their centrifuges were actually knocked. At the start of this they were enriching to 5%, now they are at 20%. That indicates to me that they have been progressing, not repairing knocked centrifuges. I realize it is still a LONG way from where they need to be for a workable weapon. I'm just wondering if stuxnet did nothing but a tiny bit of damage and a whole lot of 'show our hand'. A little like the whole drone debacle. Only did it though? The evidence is VERY circumstantial to most nuclear engineering professionals I would think. I think you want them taken out, not vandalized. Uhh... What? Have you read the NPT? And are you able to point to the sections that Iran is in violation of along with the evidence proving that violation? Uhh... What? Have you read the NPT? And are you able to point to the sections that the US is in violation of along with the evidence proving that violation? Actually you are thinking about that a little bit backwards. That is to say, high test scores are a pretty good proxy for not only income, but other less tangible things. Consider, you can get high income in some suburbs of rust belt cities... doesn't mean you want those kids at Governor Dummer's. In essence, some people want to buy real estate around 'the right kind of people'. There is more to it than just income, and test scores are a good proxy for figuring that out. Of course, that's normally only for a fairly select group of 1%'ers. But that's also where your big commissions come from in real estate. You're both right. I think arturadib was talking about the user-base BEING Facebook's product. You are correct as well, when you say that the user-base is their competitive advantage. It is a competitive advantage in the production of their product... a centralized pool of users. You are mistaken, however, to categorize the UX as the product. The UX is simply a clever widget used to build the product... again, a centralized pool of users. Wow... Chinese people seem to be able to manipulate their market at will. I'd say the government has a bigger problem than a few people knowing about what happened 23 years ago. What sane investor would put his or her money in such a market? They can make it change whenever they want... to whatever they want. Crazy. Only if your classmates can do better than 90% of the rest of the developed and emerging world. THAT is the real question. And, frankly, for the vast majority of Americans... an honest answer to that question sucks to think about. Wow. So the Police Chief DARES to intimate that the Police should get on the transit buses to bust these thieves... And they fire him!?!?!? Just... Wow... I can see why most police would just 'go with the flow'. They are not given the requisite latitude to implement innovative ideas with respect to their jobs. And frankly, boarding buses to bust freeloaders is not particularly innovative. It's just something that is usually not done. Just trying to be fair-minded here. We probably should have foreseen this and fixed our system earlier. I remember being at Interop back before it was cool, think industry at Gopher not Mosaic (more 'People Sometimes Need Data Processing', and not so much of the 'All'). Anyway, even then I was flabbergasted at the way networking was being implemented. The truth is, there ARE really good reasons to have a multiple DNS roots. We probably SHOULD have thought about languages with non latin alphabets. It is also true that we SHOULD have considered allocating more internet addresses to China than we allocated to, say, Stanford University. And, yes, the list goes on and on. Having mentioned all that, I am inclined to try to fix the internet we currently use. And, to be fair, even the Chinese will concede that we have been TRYING to do just that. These things take time though. No one, (and by no one I mean Governments), really has the motivation to be very proactive in the attempts to fix a lot of these issues. This is just one manifestation of the diverging interests. Still... VERY interesting possibilities open up if a game server can be run on Linux. Cloud based Windows licenses KILL the pocketbook once your users grow. So even if it is not the Unity IDE... it's still good news. Uh... I don't think this "rubashov" guy is an American. No American could possibly have THAT pointed a lack of knowledge of our history. Our educational system is not THAT bad. Well... Not really. To be COMPLETELY fair, we would need to concede that in this particular demographic... That is... poor, black children... NO ONE has a real opportunity to code, male or female. So I think a PoorPeopleCode would have made more sense here. Having mentioned that, I believe firmly in the principle of people being able to contribute charitably to whatever cause they please. It's just that, quite naturally, there will develop in any culture... well ... let's call them 'preferences'. In India, the government just started an investigation of private schools which forced Dalits to wear different uniforms, stand in the back of classrooms etc. In Indonesia... it's not good to be a Chinese Christian. And... in the US ... I'm not letting anyone in on any secrets when I tell you that you don't want to be a black boy in our school system for instance. These 'preferences' usually manifest themselves in charitable giving and... VOILA. This doesn't make the charity 'bad', just puts it in line with most of the other charitable giving in the US. Not so much 'bad', as just... 'unexceptional'. Sorry to be so longwinded. Was just trying to be fair to both sides. ".. to know that it's a safe bet etc ..." Nothing is without risk. This is, perhaps, the first financial investment lesson we should teach our children. There is something useful in the pragmatist view. How, then, do we change policy? If public funded retirement doesn't work, and private funded doesn't work, and individual funded doesn't work... what are we left with? Should we go back to the 19th century sort of, "family funded" model? Should we simply let all of the little old ladies sink or swim? I don't know... I'm left with more questions than answers here. One observation and one question. First... this guy is gonna be a hero with a capital H if they send him to prison for recording the cops. Hero with the left and the libertarian right. Hero with the other prisoners... probably beyond that whole black-white gang thing. He will be untouchable. Anyway... I would also like to try to get an idea of the reasoning behind making it illegal to record the police, or indeed ANY public servant, in the execution of their duties. Suppose I make a phone call to, let's say, a public school. During this call I inquire about something erroneous that they may have been telling my child... as I understand this, it is illegal for me to record that call to use as documentary evidence of the challenges the child may face in that school. I am wondering why that is the case? There must be some 'bad' way that can be used, so they don't allow it. I just can't see what 'bad' thing it s the government is worried about. Any lawyers out there able to address that quickly? Quick question for HN'ers... does anyone actually feel safe using cloud services for personal data storage? In the interest of full disclosure... I can barely muster trust enough for gmail. Actually, I don't trust gmail, which is why I don't use it for anything important or personal. I certainly would not put my child's photos onto a cloud service and expect them to be safe. And from what I understand, these people put, not only their data on iCloud, but their ACTUAL DEVICES are administrable from iCloud. That seems insane to me. It seems that this is the inevitable result of any such system. I guess I am just a bit surprised at the surprise being expressed here. USB drives are not THAT horrible are they? They seem, to me, far more reliable backup methods. OK Cool. I thought I was just being dense until I came back to HN from the article and read this comment. Yes. Yes I can. Having been a competitive runner in my youth, I am big into track and field, but I do not own a television. Only mentioned that to admit that I do not know a lot about popular culture. But I do know Track and Field. When you read about the past of LoLo Jones and this girl in Shanghai, they seem basically identical. Complete with the hate from the respective national medias. If you are feeling brave, take a gander at the Twitter comments from many men, I assume they are American, about LoLo Jones and her mother. NSFW. And NOT for the timid. It's a really good idea for their stock price. I think they would REALLY become something of a juggernaut if they did that though. I wonder how many years they could get away with it before the government broke them up? Barack Obama's Inaugural: 0.18 Ryan's RNC Speech: 0.14 Lincoln (Gettysburg): 0.09 Lincoln (Second Inaugural): 0.09 MLK (I Have A Dream): 0.08 (Lowest of any Political text I tried) Someone else said Churchill got a 0.08, but I didn't actually try the unaltered text for myself. BUT John Donne: 0 In fairness to Visa and Paypal... The government was a good deal more serious about the WikiLeaks thing. This is a one off film... WikiLeaks was going to keep releasing the 'news' for as long as it existed. The nature of that threat merited more robust action. The US Government, Google, Visa and Paypal are no worse than any of the world's other governments or corporations. Little better... I grant you that... but no worse. Well... To be fair... When it was called Rhodesia... They also hung black guys from flying military helicopters with piano wire. So they can live in a "...fucking shithole...", or they can live in a "...fucking shithole..." where they are hung from helicopters with piano wire. They say "...the good old days, weren't always good..." That rule DEFINITELY applies here. I think he means, in layman's terms, Apple wants to sell Mercedes... Someone else can sell Kia's. Edit: Not sure how that will work out in the tablet market, but it certainly works with cars and laptops. wtf? I think this company is not such a great place to work... if you are black. Having mentioned that... uh... MURDER??? We should try to keep in mind that this company really may be no worse than the average SF company full of people accustomed to getting their own way. Oftentimes, people just don't know they are being offensive. It is not malice, so much as the obliviousness that accompanies any privilege. These people DO NOT deserve to die. I personally don't think anyone does. People have a right to be disappointed here, but really, let's try to elevate the tone. The 555 really was cool. I remember being in middle school way back in the day working with 555's. At that time, I had trouble reading resistance values without resorting to a color reference chart, but the 555 I knew inside and out. When you think about it, a design would have to be 'Uber-Elegant' to have a middle school kid be able to understand it like that. For the time, I think it was. (As an aside, I can remember going ballistic on one of my friends who soldered one to a board. I would only use them on breadboards because I thought they were too 'valuable'. LOL! Money in middle school terms!) I LOVED those 555's. Good times. Hilarious! Doesn't it get just RIDICULOUS reading some EBM stuff. Check out the pricing of both offerings. I'd imagine there are a lot of indies who would choose DC. I think you are not Apple's target user. I, personally, would buy the Kindle Fire. Most people, however, will buy the iPad Mini. Bigger price and all. Curiously enough, I think the iPad 2 has just become the most compelling tablet in the market in terms of price/specs/performance. I'm wondering if iPad 2 will eat into sells of the new iPads? And would Apple care? Anyway, interesting times. His point is still valid... just for the wrong reason. And you are wrong also, by the way, the Facebook product we are talking about right now is the ATTENTION of the users, not the users themselves. They CAN sell users... but that's not what the feed does. I told you all of that to tell you this... Facebook needs to sell a high quality product. Now the author's assertion is that he should be allowed to lower the quality of Facebook's product because it should be his right. I'm not sure I agree with that. What I read in the comments about Cancer... Just... Wow. Not disagreeing... but "...with interest rates near 0%...", one would expect a great deal of activity in dollars. Wow! You are the first Westerner I've read or come across that has noticed this! Most of them seem to think things like blocking internet sites matter??? To the Chinese... I don't think it does. There also seems to be this conspiracy thinking going on as well. Chinese people see conspiracies EVERYWHERE. If an article like that is in the NY Times... Then, to the Chinese mind... It must be the US Government "trying to keep China down." Seriously. Whenever I'm in Ningbo these days, I just avoid talking about anything remotely political... it is an exercise in frustration. Sigh... I suppose we have a Tin Foil Hat crowd over here as well. However, even though in the States I will concede that that crowd is growing, I don't think it is as big percentage wise as in China. "...If you take AirBNB to its logical conclusion, you end up with landlords renting apartments on AirBNB instead of to actual residents, because they can make more that way..." This is exactly what happens in Paris. Housing market there is skewed due to exactly this behavior. People buy apartments and sit on them to rent them out short term. Over time it created a situation where people who I would classify as "working poor", were without housing. It struck me as strange when I was in college to see SDF who have to go to work. "...Warranties against product flaws are mandatory..." If that were true... the software industry would be in REAL trouble. I could see that being deleterious to our access to markets in Africa long term. If the Chinese are perfectly willing to just "throw money at the problem", and we take the position of "standing on principle", well it isn't hard to see who the Africans will be doing most of their business with(1). Africa will be very important in the future as a market. If I'm a US policymaker, and PARTICULARLY if I'm a FRENCH policymaker, I have to think that I wouldn't cede access to that territory so casually. Especially not over something as trivial as them wanting Google to pay routing fees. That sounds, to me, like something that can be worked out. The complication, of course, are Chinese telecoms that are there, money in hand, perfectly contented to pay those fees. Anyway... that's just one drawback I can think up off the top of my head. Arguably, the most important one long term. But there are others. Some probably far more important in the short to medium term. (1 - I realize that the Africans MAY ALREADY be doing most of their business with China. I only used future tense because I don't KNOW that they already do most of their business with China.) No one is seeking to take away freedom of speech. Only to protect the rights of the accused. For a more complete elaboration of the difference... please refer to "To Kill a Mockingbird". A book you can find on Amazon. The author is Harper Lee. Should preface this by saying that I am trying to gain a more full understanding of your logic. I wonder if you could elaborate on what your point is a bit? I'm not following how being "... accused of incredibly complex financial crimes..." makes it more unjust to be deprived of adequate legal counsel than being accused of possessing marijuana, or selling marijuana for instance. Maybe I'm just parsing your comment incorrectly? Because ALL of the people in these videos are normally underage. Who exactly do you propose we prosecute? And for what? This is a hard problem with no easy solutions. Principals all across the nation have been struggling with it, its just not as simple as people like to make it out to be. This is not a sex education problem... this is a harassment/bullying problem. At the school I am involved with it is termed "Relationship Bullying". It has a range that you would not believe. It typically involves girl peer groups. And it is devastating in its effect. I have seen it turn bright, straight A student athletes into C-D students because of the distraction. This stuff MATTERS to girls that age. Complicating the issue, a school typically cannot get access to any of these online profiles. (That's generally district policy most places. Having teachers forwarded racy pictures of students opens you up to some liabilities.) Even if you could, a school has no control over what a student does outside of school hours. To top it all off, police generally find that no laws have been broken. One friend let another friend take a picture of her and even smiled for the camera. What can they do? This problem is MUCH more complicated than most people believe. Simple solutions don't work here. A "...Sex education that focuses on consent and explores issues of patriarchy and rape culture in the US in addition to basic biology and mechanics of sex...", would bore students to tears and do nothing to address the core problems... bullying and harassment. You're misunderstanding how this normally develops. I'll give you an example. Let's take the common version. Don't worry, I'll make it short: Two 15 year old girls hang out one weekend and decide to take sexy pictures of each other. They share the photos with a few other trusted girl friends over time. Everything's ok, so far. Two months later, the girls are now "enemies". Or some girl in that small peer group, (clique), falls out with some other girl, you get the idea. One of them forwards pictures to a larger social group for the purpose of demeaning the girl or maybe demeaning multiple girls. BAM. Disaster. Photos are being forwarded everywhere. Parents are calling. Fights are breaking out in the halls, because maybe someone's brother is a hot-head. etc. Now... who exactly do you prosecute for "distributing child pornography". The girl who was victimized by the bullying right? She was the one who INITIALLY forwarded the images. Do you see the problem school administrators face? Actually, when I read it the first thing I thought was hedge fund or oil traders. You wouldn't believe the lengths I've seen people go to down here in Houston to get a leg up in the information war. Literally hundreds of millions daily could turn on something as seemingly innocuous as learning the amount of water being pumped into this well or the other. Freighters, fly by infra red photography (spy planes). Even satellite imagery. This hack seems pretty small potatoes, cost-wise, and would give you a big punch as far as trading edges go. Not really a shortage of single women. That is, if you're not too choosy about 'respectability'. This is the 'other side' of the development argument. These things take time, OR money. You have to be willing to invest one or the other. It happens all over the world. China has the same issue, not enough time to build infrastructure, so 'waste' is disposed of via undesirable methods. This triggers protest, which triggers debate, which I think is good. Probably speeds the development of infrastructure. Now in the interest of full disclosure, I've worked with Halliburton moving between Houston and DC. So I'm pretty big on infrastructure. I'm also familiar with all sides of this argument. I'm unsure how you accomplish what we are trying to accomplish, without incurring some downsides. I think it's important to ask, in an informed manner, whether the good outweighs the bad. Everyone has to do this, America, China, Indonesia, Malaysia etc. Now you, personally, may not like the answers that the policy makers agree on. But that's how it works. Sometimes that means that there are fires visible from space. But it also means that there will be less conflict in the MidEast region in the future. A lot of these things are connected. There are HUGE numbers of homeless in Houston. The city center is crawling with them. Homelessness is just another one of those difficult problems. Well... Most are logged into FB when they browse their porn, so FB definitely knows what porn and how often the user browses it. Whether or not that info would end up in the graph, I don't know. I don't THINK it would? Not sure. In any case, FB definitely HAS the information. Just a matter of whether they would let anyone else have it. I could see it being a valuable "background check" type service. Actually, now that I think about it... FB tracks your browsing whether you are logged in or not. So they would probably have A LOT of information on people who like porn. Keep in mind that FB can, and does, track your browser usage whether you are logged in or not. So even though some info may not currently be in the graph, they certainly have a pretty good dossier covering everything you do on the internet. It's not only what you put on your FB that counts, it's anything you have done on the internet from a browser. Guy... What are you talking about? I never made that claim. I think you mean "principles"... I only say that because, in my view, it is more important to understand what the principles ARE that a person stands for than to support someone for standing by them. A lot of people have stood on principle. From George Washington to MLK. From Castro to Pinochet. From John Wilkes Booth and Jefferson Davis to Pinkerton and Harriet Tubman. We cannot support them all. As Lincoln said, "...both MAY be, but one MUST be wrong..." It's the principle that makes a person worthy of your support, not that the person stands by it. When governments go away, there is always money to be made. I strongly suspect that maneuvering of this nature is the most likely reason for Cuba's undersea cable only being turned on for one way traffic. In lofty debates on political world views, we can often overlook the greedy. I'd imagine the same sorts of things were going on when the Soviet Union dissolved. "...They're hurting because..." Wow. Just to be clear, we are talking about Apple right? The unfortunate reality of global business is that those components will simply end up in other devices. The companies which sell the devices will just try harder to hide it from the consumer. The pressure needs to be put not so much on Apple, as on the industry... or the practices continue pretty much unabated. Unless Apple really does turn into a monopoly. Yep. I would expect MIT's exams to be outright impossible for a mortal to pass. University of Wisconsin's will be nearly impossible to pass even with concerted study. Northern Illinois will be possible to pass with study. and then there will be institutions whose certifications don't mean a whole lot. There's no question about that. But MOST people will try to pass the impossible ones... because the payoff will be so much bigger. Only a few will pass though. I'm thinking the tests will be designed that way. I strongly suspect getting a degree from UMichigan, UWisconsin, UTexas, Berkeley, etc. will be MUCH easier if you just attend. But this is a good option for those who, for whatever reason, don't wish to do so. I don't think users work that way on phones. Even on my android phone I just search. Now it is also true that the info I am searching for with my phone is quite different than the info I search for with my computer... I don't know... maybe that's the difference... the type of information. Not really sure... but I am sure that it never occurred to me which search engine I used on my phone. Or even if I borrowed someone else's phone to search for something, I never gave which search engine I was using a second thought. I am absolutely CERTAIN that I have never searched for Google... and then searched for what I was looking for... even with an iPhone I never did that. I don't know... maybe Google was always the default? Can't remember... but I seriously doubt people have time to "setup" a mobile search. That's not how I work on a phone and I suspect a lot of other people don't either. Even for maps... I hit maps... if Google comes up... that's what I search. If Bing or whatever comes up... that's what I search. I have never looked for Google maps... or for Bing Maps. Except on the desktop because I think Bing has that perspective "Bird's Eye" thing that's pretty cool. But I never used that on a phone, because it never occurred to me. I don't know... that's just me. I'm kind of always in a hurry though... ESPECIALLY on the phone. Java and Flash... I mean really ... how many zero day flaws does it take before people turn this stuff off? "...dangerous, vindictive and controlling..." I think the low end of human "intelligence" is something other than what you are talking about here. I think the low end of human "intelligence" would generally be associated with something more akin to mental retardation. Whereas what you're pointing out is more... like the behavior of a sociopath. Dangerous, vindictive and controlling is not a sign of a lack of intelligence... in fact... it's probably the opposite I would imagine. Facebook still knows you did that. Going there at all associates the link to your FB profile. You may want to use a VM without FB logged in if you don't want FB to know what you are doing. Maybe even on another net connection... but that's only for the ultra paranoid. Do you live in Detroit? Serious question. I was just wondering. You can see the bad in anyone... if that's what you choose to see. I have never been to Detroit or any of it's suburbs, but I don't necessarily believe that all of the white suburbanites are racist and 'bad'. Any more than I believe that the blacks in Detroit are 'bad'. I really get the sense that this guy is just ranting. Which is not terribly helpful. In what way do you believe (Lightning) is inferior? and in what way do you believe (MicroUSB + MHL) is 'standard'? Serious questions. Well... He didn't really miss that though. If the military were to ameliorate bullet points 1, 2 and 3 from his list, then your issue would be resolved as well. It's all part of the same perverse incentive generating machine that is administration in the military. Just as a matter of full disclosure... USMC Officer, though things are probably much different now. (I went through PLC when there was still a Berlin wall.) "...We used a wooden board and pegs though..." They still do. Well... Blacks are still a minority in these places. I know they are a minority in Louisiana, Texas and Mississippi. I think it is probably a combination of blacks and whites searching on 'Ebony' that makes it come out on top in the data. Just as in California I strongly suspect a combination of Asians and Whites searching on 'Asian' places that term high in their data. I think in the deep South there is still a 'taboo' of sorts on relationships with blacks. Leading to more searches on 'Ebony' as fewer people experiment with it. A phenomenon similar to the data from other more conservative nations where the top search becomes *(Gay). It's just a 'safe' outlet. The presence of places like Spelman probably magnifies the effect. I'd wager that if you put the college for the daughter's of the nation's elite blacks in the middle of say... Iowa... the number of searches on 'Ebony' would shoot up in Iowa as well. "...Sure there are probably quite a few white people that also search for ebony porn. But I doubt it's that much higher amongst whites in the south vs. whites in the north..." That's an interesting question. It would be illustrative to get the data for that. My own wager would be that it is slightly higher... just as searches by whites on 'Asian' is slightly higher in California than it is in ... say ... North Dakota. But that data would be telling. In any case... I do agree with you that it's not "cross burning racism" that is driving these searches. My own suspicion is that it's probably more a matter of simply close 'proximity' combined with the natural difficulty of starting those relationships in the first place. But of course data would be needed to validate any of this. EFF just earned themselves a big bonus from me this year. This is exactly what the nation needs. We should be pushing back against government overreach where fundamental freedoms are concerned. I didn't downvote you, because I think your heart is in the right place. But this statement: "...Well, this kind of thing was nearly impossible before our government created the Internet..." really does betray a fundamental misunderstanding of the technologies that were around before the internet. The government really has had this power for quite a while. In fact, the only difference now... is that people give the government pictures of themselves to match faces to the phone conversations. And, of course, continuous position data... as opposed to the sort of discrete position data you could get in the 70's and 80's. You discount so many variables that go into making a place a "good" place to live that it's actually a little humorous to read these posts. Look, EG is, I'm pretty certain, almost 90% Fang. That probably doesn't mean much to you but for Africans... tribal affinities matter. The idea that you would get rid of one government, and another would govern appreciably differently in EG is fanciful. Add to that Oil and then unexploited Gold and Zinc deposits, and anyone who is familiar with Africa, and especially EG, would laugh heartily at your assertions. Places like the MidEast and North Africa also have more issues than can be solved by changing governments. For instance, the reality in Somalia, or indeed even Egypt, is that there are hard Bio-Physical resource constraints that are not going away. Desertification and Soil Salination are mother nature's method of breathing. And she doesn't care about governmental edicts. Egypt's population is around 80M I think... and I'm pretty sure the arable land is right around 2% and it drops every year. Somalia is what... 10 maybe 15 million? With MORE diversity (ie - tribes) and even LESS arable land. One of the first things I learned working at Halliburton was that if a nation is importing energy AND food... it's in trouble. Nation building is much more than Civil Affairs. If the requisite people and materials aren't there ... it doesn't work. Full Stop. "Bad" governments, for a given definition of "bad", are symptoms of problems. Not the problems themselves. The Taliban and the NA are manifestations of the lack of resources in Afghan land and the lack of trust among Afghan people. These are difficult problems to solve. And certainly simply changing the government will not make them go away. There are a great many couples in my social circle who eschewed the diamond ring. They have meaningful, and expensive alternative rings, but not diamonds. We don't have diamonds either. My only point is that not ALL women are about making other women feel inadequate. Or showing off their diamonds. Many are actually just as disgusted as men are about it. And they prefer men who have that conscious, and will put some thought into an alternative. However... Your last suggestion, I grant you, has merit. It's more complicated than that. Just to give you an example, everything you mentioned is a service that would, ideally, be consumed locally. Consider where the money to pay the plumber comes from. Will hundreds of people from other towns call on that plumber? Or on their own plumbers? What I'm trying to say is that at some point, someone, not necessarily the plumber, but someone has to bring money into the town. The union of the set of people you would be willing to have in your home and the set of people comprising the millions who claim they can't find work is, I suspect, small relative to the size of the US. ie - The people we are talking about... you probably wouldn't hire. "...It's an insurmountable barrier..." Why do you say so? Why is it a small barrier or an insurmountable barrier? Genuinely interested in the answers there. Just seems to me that there are a lot of Flash games, Unity games and Java games. I mean, if Minecraft or BSG Online is any indication... technology doesn't really stop your average gamer. But maybe I'm wrong??? I'm not sure many people would use webgo in real life. I don't know... maybe some people... certainly not pros. Also, the 1.0.3 thing is probably dragging on the numbers a bit. 1.1 would boost it a little. Not enough to get it into the top tier... but a little. Also, for Vert.x, they seem to be only running one verticle. Which would never happen in real life. Play could be optimized a bit... but not much. What they have is, to my mind, a fair ranking for it. Small issues with a few of the others but nothing major. I think Go and Vert.x are the ones that would get the biggest jumps if experts looked at them. And let's be frank... does Vert.x really need a jump? So what they have here is pretty accurate... I mean... just based on looking through the code. But Go might fare better if it used tip. And Vert.x would DEFINITELY fair better with proper worker-nonworker verticles running. Well... to be fair... the Vert.x example, as configured, blocks massively as well waiting for mongodb queries. OK... I ran the Vert.x test... runs a bit faster here with 4 workers instead of 8. I suspect what is happening there is that at times all 8 cores can be pinned by workers, while responses wait to be sent back on the 8 non workers. But not that big a change in speed actually. One thing more, when you swap in a couchbase persister for the mongo persister it's faster yet. The difference is actually much larger than the difference you get balancing the number of worker vs non worker verticles. Also thinking that swapping gson in for jackson would improve things... but I don't think that those are fair changes. (well... the couchbase may be a fair change) Also tested Cake just because it had been a while since I have used it... and I couldn't believe it was that much worse than PHP. Your numbers there seem valid though given my test results. That's pretty sad. Finally, tried to get in a test of your Go stuff. I'm making what I think are some fair changes ... but it did not speed up as much as I thought. In fact, initially it was slower than your test with 1.1. So after further review... well done sir. Sorry... I'm not really a book kind of guy when it comes to this stuff. The golang resources are mostly what I use. If you weren't an American, sometimes even if you are, and American Intelligence is interested in you... I doubt you'd need to worry about receiving a summons. Wow... wouldn't have caught that. Perfect example of that old saying... "There are lies, damn lies... and then there are statistics." "...I'll use OpenCL so I can be hardware agnostic..." Woah now... Using OpenCL is imminently sensible for a large swath of applications. And "Hardware Agnosticism" is beneficial for a large number of reasons. This is only the first "accessible" platform that has been released... we can expect many, many more. DSL -> asm on each can get a bit tiresome. Many apps can benefit from running in more than one place. For instance, I scaled out an authoritative game server using OpenCL recently. Because I used OpenCL, I could run it on Amazon GPGPU instances as well as locally on the server here. Two different sets of cards... same codebase... only difference was instead of 100's of thousands of users on the local server, you can support millions on Amazon. There is something to be said for that sort of flexibility. Couple that with a clustered vert.x event bus, and you begin to see the power such a system might bring... and that's just for a trivial application like gaming!!! Imagine the benefits accrued to other, more complex, applications! You should think carefully prior to being dismissive of hardware agnosticism. If you want to tinker and determine what is possible with this particular platform, by all means, use platform specific tools. However, if you want to bring the power of parallel processing to bear in solving problems wherever you find them... thinking about hardware agnosticism really is a "must-do" as my daughter would say. Actually, I'm surprised they get away with keeping that data for so short a period of time. For some reason, I thought I read somewhere that US law mandated service providers to keep that sort of data significantly longer. I can't find the reference now... so I must have been mistaken. I guess I'm more surprised that it's only kept for 2 years, than I am that the data is kept. Nope. Statistically... it's Houston. That's funny... because having lived in New York, and currently between DC and Houston, whenever I'm in Silicon Valley I'm always sort of, taken aback, by the paucity of blacks there. Reading through that article, I see now that it wasn't just my imagination. "...Bad things don't happen to good people..." I HAVE to say this after what I've seen in my life. (I've spent a significant portion of it researching cancer.) Bad things DO HAPPEN to good people. "...I think our culture is objectively better in many ways..." The problem is... everyone else ALSO thinks THEIR culture is "objectively better". Yes... But many in the West want the West to adopt the "objectively better" parts of Muslim, or Japanese culture. Every one of them... like you... think they know best what to do on the behalf of others. Wow... some of these tests are still pretty severely hobbled. Is there some reason that you use built in json serialization for some frameworks and not others? There is also a lot of heterogeneity in the implementation of the multiple queries test. For instance, even if I only look at... say... java frameworks, you seem to implement the exact same feature in very different ways between platforms. For instance, for servlets, you will store all of the results in a simple array... and then write them out when you are done. Like so: final World[] worlds = new World[count]; final Random random = ThreadLocalRandom.current(); try (Connection conn = source.getConnection()) { try (PreparedStatement statement = conn.prepareStatement(DB_QUERY, ResultSet.TYPE_FORWARD_ONLY, ResultSet.CONCUR_READ_ONLY)) { // Run the query the number of times requested. for (int i = 0; i But for other frameworks, like Vert.x, you use CopyOnWriteArray to store all of the results... and then write them out when you are done. Like so: private final HttpServerRequest req; private final int queries; private final List worlds = new CopyOnWriteArrayList<>(); . . . @Override public void handle(Message reply) { final JsonObject body = reply.body; if ("ok".equals(body.getString("status"))) { this.worlds.add(body.getObject("result")); } if (this.worlds.size() == this.queries) { // All queries have completed; send the response. // final JsonArray arr = new JsonArray(worlds); try { final String result = mapper.writeValueAsString(worlds); final int contentLength = result.getBytes(StandardCharsets.UTF_8).length; this.req.response.putHeader("Content-Type", "application/json; charset=UTF-8"); this.req.response.putHeader("Content-Length", contentLength); this.req.response.write(result); this.req.response.end(); } catch (IOException e) { req.response.statusCode = 500; req.response.end(); } } } In other words, you literally create a new array each time you add a result to that CopyOnWriteArray. In fact, not only are you creating a new array, but you are creating new copies of the data in the array as well. Seems a little strange??? DEFINITELY inefficient. Is there a reason that is implemented differently? It seems to me that, at the least, they should both use arrays... but maybe there is something more you guys are testing??? The Onion C based code is written in an even MORE efficient manner for the multiple queries test. It actually stores it's results in json format from the outset! Like so: json_object *json=json_object_new_object(); json_object *array=json_object_new_array(); int i; for (i=0;i The equivalent java code would be something like: private final HttpServerRequest req; private final int queries; // INSTEAD OF: //private final List worlds = new CopyOnWriteArrayList<>(); // HAVE: private final JsonArray worlds = new JsonArray(); . . . @Override public void handle(Message reply) { final JsonObject body = reply.body; if ("ok".equals(body.getString("status"))) { // INSTEAD OF: //this.worlds.add(body.getObject("result")); // HAVE: this.worlds.addObject(body.getObject("result")); } if (this.worlds.size() == this.queries) { // All queries have completed; send the response. // final JsonArray arr = new JsonArray(worlds); try { // INSTEAD OF: //final String result = mapper.writeValueAsString(worlds); // HAVE: final String result = worlds.encode(); final int contentLength = result.getBytes(StandardCharsets.UTF_8).length; this.req.response.putHeader("Content-Type", "application/json; charset=UTF-8"); this.req.response.putHeader("Content-Length", contentLength); this.req.response.write(result); this.req.response.end(); } catch (IOException e) { req.response.statusCode = 500; req.response.end(); } } } With a similar change for Servlets. According to the benchmark results, Onion comes out on top. It's the fastest. But how much of that's because it seems to be written correctly and other tests seem to be written without taking advantage of the same efficiencies. Is it the case here that some people have sent you test code optimized for their own frameworks? If that is so, you should add some tests that would not be so amenable to optimization. I'm not picking on Onion here by the way. In fact, the argument could be made that Onion is not actually 'optimized', so much as just written correctly, and the other frameworks have tests written incorrectly. But I just wanted to know if you guys actually intended to use these different implementations for some reason that I am unaware of? Do they make the tests more fair somehow??? "..The multiple query test has a client-provided count of queries, so in most Java cases, we create a fixed-size array to hold the results fetched from the database. I wrote the Servlet and Gemini tests, so I can confirm that behavior in those tests..." I agree, that approach would be best. I just was unsure why you didn't do it in Vert.x. "...it is our understanding that idiomatic Vert.x usage encourages the use of asynchronous queries..." Someone can correct me if I am wrong, but my understanding of Vert.x is that any query you send to the event bus is already asynchronous. There is no need for a developer to worry about threads at all when writing a vert.x handler. That handler will only ever be called from a single thread. So using a simple array is fine. Using the JsonArray is even better, because then it matches the Onion test idiomatically speaking. Which, I agree, is what you should be going for. "...The Onion test was contributed by a reader and admittedly its compliance with the specification we've created is perhaps a bit dubious. We want a JSON serializer to process an in-memory object into JSON..." Please don't misunderstand, the Onion test does what you want it to do. As well, it does it in the correct idiomatic fashion. That's exactly how I would write the Onion test. I was just wondering why the other tests went out of their way to decode Json and the reencode Json for each result. Onion only ever encodes to Json once, other tests are encoding and decoding multiple times. I only pointed out Vert.x because it was the most egregious. I mean in that case the answer from the persistor is already in Json. It is put in a non Json data structure... and then that data structure is encoded to Json??? Just seemed weird. ---- EDIT: Just verified that there is no need for thread safe code in a Vert.x handler. (Gotta say... that is pretty slick) On a connected note... man ... these tests are a VERY good way to learn more about these different frameworks! ---- Do you guys take Git Pulls??? Sorry (for the tardy response)... minor emergency came up. Anyway, the relevant part of the manual is: http://vertx.io/manual.html#concurrency Also discovered you are running the equivalent of a single threaded environment anyway. (8 workers on an 8 core machine) Any reason for that??? Maybe more confusion about Vert.x concurrency??? If so, here is the relevant documentation on worker verticles: http://vertx.io/manual.html#worker-verticles Long story short, you dedicated the entire machine (8 cores) to the equivalent of database connection management, (the persistor). Very little of the machine, (whatever is context switched in effectively), is dedicated to request handling. Try something a bit more fair... like 4 workers and 4 web request handlers. Also, I was going through the Node.js tests and I had a question... do you guys do any clustering for the Node tests at all? Or are these results from the tests run on a single Node? Sorry for all the questions, just want to make all of the tests do the same thing across all of the frameworks so that when you guys run it again, we can use that data here in a more meaningful fashion. For us, it is useful. That behavior is fairly common in that age group. It's a bit hard to say what it means without more information. heh... It's funny... the UX person in me was thinking it would be easier just to take a picture of your shopping cart and have it highlight the items you shouldn't purchase. Just based on packaging. Then I thought ... hey ... an even better idea would be to hold the phone up in front of the shelves and have all of the offending items X'd out. Then I thought ... man ... all of this would be a LOT easier if Google Glass had a better camera! Maybe Apple will make a better pair of glasses and in the not too distant future we can just walk up the aisles and have all the products we wouldn't want to support X'd out for us. Point is... in the future you will most likely not have to scan the bar code. The software will just put X'es over all of the products that are "bad" by some definition set by you. That would be a pretty interesting use of something like Glass I think. Medical and molecular imaging code is, hands down, the hardest code I have ever written. Because you have to guarantee it's correctness. Obviously HL7 is trivial... but I don't think that's what the guy was talking about. He was talking about the hard stuff. I think the "hive mind" can destroy your life. A few weeks back I think, there was a story on HN about a mobile App that would help you in boycotting companies and products by scanning the product's bar code while you are in a grocery store. I immediately thought, "Wow... this would be much better as a Glass app that just puts a big X over every product you reach for whose purchase would support a company which acts in a fashion contrary to some user defined view! Or even if the product has ingredients that are incompatible with your child's allergies!" And the app WOULD be better if it operated like that. The issue is that you can take that a step further right? You, as a manager in a corporation, could look at resumes and have a big X come up whenever you look at one from some guy with bad credit. Going even further you could have a big X come up whenever you look at one from a guy with questionable comments in the online forums he participates in. You see, he tried to hide behind pseudonyms, but it was all noodled out by a new service running ultra powerful analytics software on ultra powerful computing grids. Or the analytics service may go quantum, who knows? (And all that wouldn't even be necessary if your ISP is the same as the analytics service provider. Like if you use ... say ... Google Fiber.) Material point is this... now your job prospects have been impacted. That's not all though... You see, our hypothetical guys are, understandably, bummed about not getting that big job. So they go to the local bar to listen to a local band and relax for a while. Only the people in the bar see a huge "KKK" or "New Black Panther" label over the guy who made all the questionable comments on the internet. (Via a new dating service that most young women have decided they need because, let's face it, it's dangerous out there.) Don't misunderstand me, the service also operates in a good way. For instance, an ex-convict with the rape conviction would have VERY bad luck because the Glass would put an "EX CONVICT: SEXUAL ASSAULT" label over him. The interesting thing, however, is this... wherever you are, these labels can potentially be displayed via facial recognition software combined with you telling your name to the guy looking at you through the Glass. The grocery store, the health club, your kid's school play, etc. All because of some comments you may have made on CNN forums a decade ago about say ... Hurricane Katrina victims. Or immigrants. Or white people. Or asians. Or men. You get the picture. It's critical to realize one very important thing... and that is that there is no technology, in my limited recollection, that's ever failed to be developed on ethical grounds. This is why I tell young people whenever I get the chance, take great care in what you post on the internet. The content... even the TONE of the post could contribute to your "profile summary" in a detrimental fashion. This stuff really will affect your future a lot more than many people realize. And in a great many more WAYS than many people realize. And that leads them to make questionable assumptions... like assuming Google, or the information on the internet in general, can do them no harm. "...You are basically making the case that more information is bad..." No not at all. In fact, I specifically mention that having more information readily available works out to one's BENEFIT in many cases. Like the girl who might otherwise be taking a risk on a dangerous guy. Or the grocery shopper who gets immediate feedback that a certain cereal will aggravate her child's allergies. My only point is that this information cuts both ways, and we should be teaching young people how to operate successfully in this new information context. The fact is, if you, me or anyone else sees a black guy with a "New Black Panther" label over him... we will deal with him in a different fashion than we would deal with a black guy without that label. And for our own safety... we should. Similarly for "KKK". This is the reality of the information context. It will not change humans at the core... it will only change the amount of information available to... and analyzable by... the human. In other words... I doubt mores and hangups will go away. Mores, hangups, fantasy and wonder are what make up the Human. And it is important for people to be mindful of all of the potential issues they may run into when dealing with the Human in an age of ubiquitous information. Well... Just put it this way... phone calls to Pakistan by a known terrorist threat from an American prison SHOULD not happen. So this guy was just, kind of, connecting the dots. "...The gangs probably wouldn't last a week against a vigorous application of military-grade force..." No... they would last much longer than a week. I'm going to recommend some reading to you: http://www.amazon.com/Marine-Corps-Counterinsurgency-Field-M... You don't go into neighborhoods, kicking in doors with guns blazing. They recently did that in Detroit to serve a warrant. Post Mortem: 1 dead 6 year old girl, 1 injured 72 year old grandmother, 0 arrests. Think of it this way... For every enemy, or (gang member), you kill, you create one. For every innocent you kill in pursuit of a gang member, you create 10 enemies. (Keep in mind, the people in the neighborhood KNOW who is innocent, even if you don't.) These are hard problems. They defy simple solutions. In fact, the application of simple solutions to this PARTICULAR class of problems only creates more problems. It's not off the map. It just won't work. For instance... let's say you have a curfew... well gang members already ARE indoors by curfew! Minding their drug dens, which get maximum business during evening, (curfew), hours. In fact, drug gangs would LOVE martial law... because it would rid them of their chief competition... the low level, open air, street drug dealer. Currently, the only way they can get rid of those guys is through targeted violence. Which brings them trouble. Your recommendations would actually CEMENT the gang's hold on a given drug market. You approach what you see as a war... but everyone else sees as a business. The police are having a lot of success right now disrupting business. The core of the strategy in NY was not "quality of life", as so many people parrot. Rather it was "disrupt business" wherever you see it. Even the "Squeegee-men" were targeted. And the results have been fantastic. Now, are innocent people still getting hurt? Of course. But collateral damage is nowhere NEAR the level it was during the crack wars of the 80's and 90's. At the same time, violence is WAY down relative the crack wars. That's because we have gotten MUCH smarter. Well... most of us. Violence is down in places like NY, LA and even Chicago relative the crack wars. But places like Detroit persist with old tactics and have not made as much headway. Many of the "squeegee-men" equivalents still operate with impunity in Detroit. Which tells you that Detroit is not serious about cleaning up it's city. They only care to crack down on gangs with military zeal. Which is why they have the problems they do. Pretty funny... but it kind of got the politics all mixed up. Erdogan is supporting the Syrian rebels against Assad, for instance. And, of course, Iran is supporting Assad against the rebels. It would have been better with Putin, Assad, and Achmed. "...When are you going to understand that a conservative Libertarian (as opposed to extreme and nearly anarchist) approach is the only path to recovery?..." I think this is the issue in a nutshell. Partisanship. Even people who do not like the Demopublicans... are 'partisan'. I know it was probably not intended, but your post provides illustration of the issue by way of example. I'd wager you, like the average Democrat and Republican, would vote for whoever towed your party line. And this vote comes regardless of whether or not the party line is good for the US. If a given policy is good for the US, then great! But this is not a necessity to gain your support... it is incidental. The important thing for Partisans is not continuous improvement, but continuous compliance. It's far more important to a Partisan that we do things 'their way', than it is for us to improve ourselves. We need to move away from Partisanship toward an environment where each issue is judged on its merits. Without regard to preconceived grand ideas that underlie some Party's philosophy on the 'right way to do things'. This is the only way we will get the continuous improvement we are looking for. By abandoning the, sort of, 'sacred cow', ideas that have gripped the nation's political discourse on every front. Easy to say... Hard to do... The original PATRIOT Act passed the Senate by a vote of 99 to 1 I think. The Senator from Wisconsin was the only one to vote against it. Feingold I believe. He was replaced by a more "law and order" type Senator. I still think to this day it was because he threw wrenches into all of these programs whenever he had a chance. (And sometimes even if he didn't have a chance, he would sabotage the machinery.) The thing is ... the people of Wisconsin voted him out. Now you can argue that they didn't understand what they were doing... but you can't argue the vote. And this illustrates the problem. In a nutshell... There is little political profit in fighting these programs. THAT, is what we need to find some way to change. EDIT: BTW, just a point of fact I think may be relevant here... Wyden voted YEA for the PATRIOT Act. Just Sayin'.