There are other implementations too, like IBM J9 and GNU Kaffe. I remember using J9 in place of Sun Java when I was a desktop Linux user. By User, I mean business owner, it ought to be like an apple product in so much as the default interface is easy enough to do most of the things you would want to do with your PBX, Obviously, some stuff like configuring site-site peering, and a T1 PRI would need more experience, and an advanced interface. The idea is, some of the product line, may only be sold by VAR's, like anything that cant auto-configure itself, for example. For what market slice, think smaller :-P, I'm looking at the 3-300 Seat market, which is a much larger portion of the system market, then the high end stuff Cisco is selling. I'm looking at competing with Panasonic and Toshiba, and folks who have no phone system at all - for now, I have an idea for a much much larger system, that simply moves the point of aggregation up a level - I personally would love to knock Cisco out of the game at some point, their product is junk in many ways. I've never seen a Cisco install work as expected - and I've seen somewhere north of 30 of them - in my opinion any phone system that need regular reboots is garbage. Having supported phone system as a service, its often roses, honestly, in most cases it just doesn't work, the biggest issue being call quality (Choppy Audio, one way Audio, etc), also, SIP and NAT do not play nice, so you usually need an ALG if you want more then one phone on the customer premises, which annoys the customer as its another 200+ dollar piece of gear. I think the best idea is to partner with folks like Vonage, and other IP Telephony Carriers (Looking with a big eye towards the cable carriers offering business voice service like Comcast), to provide branded hardware, so they provide the trunking to the premises, we provide the phones. The customer can manage all their stuff internally, and the telco has an inbuilt market. Thanks so much for the advice! Or just use a Black and White Laser Printer? Really, anything you print, no matter what it is printed on with enough time an effort could be track back to at least the model and type of printer. Page last updated at 02:05 GMT, Wednesday, 1 April 2009 UK I'm surprised by a NDA that wont even allow you to disclose that you performed a project that did some certain things, or that you performed an undisclosed project for X Company, and then a list of the technologies involved. What of BSD? The stack /can/ be the same even. I would point out that both the Model S and X may very well have the circuitry to completely disconnect the cell pack at something below 10% actual charge (not displayed charge). I'm also really wondering how much of this is self discharge, and how much of this is poor load control of the standby electronics. Lower then it is in the bay area, just from observation. I buy American cars for several reasons: 1. Most American cars are NOT world cars, I'm a big guy, 6'3 300 lbs, I dont fit well in a world car, so I'm always looking at vehicles designed for the North American market, plus I do a whole lot of long distance driving. 2. Less intensive maintenance schedule, my town car will never need its timing belt changed, nor a valve adjustment, the primary services done, are simply to change fluids. 3. While is sounds jingoistic, its patriotic, I prefer to buy something made here. I think right about the perfect time to buy a car is after the initial 5 year break in - preferably with someone else doing the break in. I think its a good model though. I agree, since I want to be able to offer plans without long contracts, to deal with that I ether need to; 1. Raise the onboarding cost high enough so leaving at the drop of the hat is not expensive for us.; or 2. Lower the cost of acquisition of customers.; or 3. Pass the onboarding costs on to customers as a setup fee. If it costs me 250 dollars to bring on a customer, and they leave after two months, I'm never going to make money. Obviously a contract is always an option, I get stability, customer gets lower pricing, at a cost of flexibility on both sides. The big advantage of startups is customer acquisition is easier for us, they are less barriers for contracting, and getting them to try our service, furthermore; these are companies that have no real viable way of providing support as-is – it’s a win-win. This is new? I think there are good examples to take from Jobs. It's all about a time and a place, sometimes you want to drive to resolution, and be a dick, because that is what will produce the most efficient best result, and for other things, good enough _is_ good enough, and additional pushing will not result in substantive improvement. Wisdom is the ability to pick those two situation apart. I wonder how much this adjusts for natural fading in prints. Goes to show, just how much easier it is to write about a future, than it is to predict the future. Though on whole, if you grab a statement out of each (almost) you have the world of today. I like it. From where I sit it pokes fun at the stereotypical "living in the land of unrealistic expectations" Apple Macintosh user. Maybe that's why some of the folks are so offended at it. Like it or not, even the Mac is a complex combination of hardware and software, and while much of this is obvious to those of us who spend 8+ hours in front of a computer, its not obvious those everyone else. While perhaps poorly executed, I think the ads do point out the difference between Apple and Everyone Else; When you buy a Mac, there is ALWAYS an expert standing by to help you solve your problems, someone who knows everything about your hardware and software, this is something the PC world does not have. I think its designed to keep someone from taking the work, and selling it as their own. If you look at fonts, there are hundreds of thousands of unique fonts being sold individually. I really believe Mac OS is the future of the consumer market. It's easy to use, complete, and has friendly people at any apple retailer to help you onboard yourself on to the system. Either Apple, or the Apple Model. Hardware >> Software >> Support. All from one manufacturer. FYI: dig is not an 'OSX tool' its part of bind from ISC, it's a standard UNIX tool for looking up DNS information. Just a pet peeve of mine. The man who controls the press, controls the speech. Twitter undeniably controls the press in this case - they can do whatever they feel like. One thing that this article missed out on: Prior to 1984 Business telephone users cross subsidized Residential users, both thru higher local access rates, and higher LD rates. I'm not surprised. Everytime I see a webapp like this, I always wonder to myself "where's the click". I dont see a future for SaaS that is not targeted at people directly forking money over for it. I found the initial valuation questionable to start out with. But its clear to me, Zuckerberg is more interested in long term growth of his company than he is any short term profitability goals. I think Facebook may well be a great stock to hold over decades - but not for months or weeks, as the current market seems to think in. This does not surprise me at all - the telecom network is unbelievably fragile. I'm quite fond of requiring people to take the citizenship test before being granted their rights as citizens - including voting. First, its not off CID, its off ANI (ANI is what is passed to the remote endpoint when you call a toll free number), not that you cant spoof ANI - but often it can be a little harder, as its used in billing on the telco side. Second, every bank does something like this, I can access my credit card by phone with just the last four digits of my account number, and by calling in from my phone. I can do the same thing with my BofA account number in lieu of my SSN. Third, again, every bank is like this to some extent - every CC I have, if I call in from my number, and key in the last for digits of my credit card, I can get info. I should also point that knowing someones Tel Number, Account Number and/or CC number is a considerable amount of info to have. Thats a really great lil' snippet I like the new design, to be honest, I think it looks pretty great. On the other hand, I like the existing logoscript better, and I find the flag-on-the-tail placement, to be just plain tacky. I worked for Barracuda, I left, because I felt the company was slimy. On the other hand, from a customer service point of view, this supposed back door is great, it makes the product much easier to support, for a customer base who is honestly, most of the time not that technically astute. If they were more astute, they would have bought a different product. I used to do it so I could print stuff for consumption or filling out when I got home from the field... also, because I could (a good reason for anything). Now I use IPP for the same purpose, less security risk. It can actually, but only will sites every couple blocks for the useage profile invisioned by this concept. So while many of the posts seem to be focusing on how to pay for it, there is another issue. It's not technically feasible, in urban areas at 700 mhz you would need a very wide block of spectrum, several hundred megs, plus backhaul to provision something that could offer 50 mbit service to everyone, you need this, because of frequency reuse issues (700 carries too far, not enough atmospheric attenuation). In rural areas, you cant pay for the cost of the infrastructure on the subscriber density, rural areas need a much lower frequency to be able to make an affordable site density. For this to be possible, we need much more dense modulation than we currently have, and a wide block of spectrum. I really believe for urban areas the future is mesh, ala Ricochet (even using some of the same methods), which means cells that extend over a 1-3 block radius and extremely fast/wide backhaul, the backhaul needs to be automatic and self healing, wireline backhaul from anything more then every other 3-5 sites breaks the cost quotient. High Sites wont work in any event, you could deploy something in rural areas looking more like the cell phone network - but again, to enable reuse, you need a really wide block of spectrum. In either case, be it mesh, or cell site like things, these have to be engineered networks, you cant just throw it up and expect it to work. Also, the chance for great financial success as a commerical entity is low, see Ricochet and Clearwire. Voice service is still far cheaper here than in europe, same with long distance. For the UK to call the US is 28.95 cents a min, plus a 20 cent connection charge. For me to call from my local telco (CenturyLink) here to the UK is 7 cent a min to landlines, or 26 cents per min for mobiles. I know LD resellers from which I could get even lower rates, this is just incombent to incombent. Comperable to what you can get for unlimited ADSL from providers like earthlink, I should also note, that based on what I know, those prices are for capped service, versus unlimited for most american ADSL. That said, one thing Europe does beat us on is footprint, only a very small percentage here has real broadband access (sat access doesnt count). But that is the nature of the differences in population density. To an extent, yes. That said, for universal wireless anything, you need a considerable block of spectrum. Consider that between T-Mobile/Sprint/Clearwire/AT&T/Verizon in the Seattle market, they hold something like 400+ mhz of spectrum. To provide this kind of service, you would need a similar (though not as large) block of spectrum. If you just looked at LTE or WiMax, to roll out a nationwide footprint, you would need something like 250 mhz of spectrum, and that includes backhaul pairs, and this is to provide enough carriers per site that most people could get a 'similar to cable internet experience'. There isnt 250 mhz of spectrum (other than the huge swaths the government has held for itself) in the bands that are useful for both rural and urban environments. That sounds right for the Land Mobile service (and even more so for the vast swaths of spectrum that the government retains for itself) - but less so for the existing network carriers, they have carriers lit up all the time. I dont think they are either, to be honest, though I prefer uncapped. That said, I want to compare apples to apples. I'm a white guy (as white as wonder bread and twinkies, only thing missing is the blond hair, and blue eyes) but with an very common first and last name and a Persian middle name. For 5 years every time I flew, I was subjected to 'random' extra inspection, and was unable to check in online. When I questioned this, I was absolutely assured it was random, and there was nothing I could do about it. I don't plan on living the rest of my life in fear of the unknown, planes crash, people die, these things happen, its statistically less likely to die from terrorism then it is from a normal plane crash, consider that. I feel your pain, and its absolutely not right, and I hope in my lifetime, we come to our senses or I fear it may eventually result in a revolution. Nice to meet a coincidental fellow traveler so to speak. I was looking at the 10 years from 9/11, when I made the statement. I think it could be as something as a keyword match, and its either my middle name, or the fact that I have such a common first and last name that matches me to someone, somewhere who may or may not have done something, at some point in time. "For example, Facebook has considerably altered how we interact with our friends. In some ways, it has benefited us — for example, I wouldn’t have been able to have the conversation with Max that prompted this discussion if he hadn’t seen my Facebook status and chatted with me after noticing I was online." I'm a LiveJournaler, and have been since like 2003, and while the community is less busy than it was, I've been having a much higher quality of interactions on there, long before facebook was around doing anything. For me, facebook is just the latest chapter in helping people around the world connect, with more cute pictures of cats however that what came before. everytime I see that name, I mentally transpose the d and the r. and yet they are very different products, moj.io uses a mobile data network, automatic is just a bluetooth dongle. I dont think its nitpicking I would never recognize it unless I also owned the shirt, and knew what it was. I may order one when its refresh time. If I dont like it, I know I like the MBP with Retina, I do however like the touch point more than a trackpad. The people have nothing to do with it anymore. The vested moneyed interests are in control, and will be until the people wake up from their stupor and pay attention. I'm a contractor, I work for one of the largest telecom companies in the world. Anyone who has worked for this company knows how well known it is for endless bureaucracy, which is fine, because they pay me even if I cant actually do any work. I make around to slightly above market rates. I have no benefits. I pay for health insurance. I have no paid vacation. I don't get catered lunches. I don't get a foosball table either. Even though I'm a field service engineer, I don't even have a company vehicle. I'm a mid-career telecom engineer, I've been doing telecom support and IT Service for 10 years, I would love to find a permanent position, every perm role I have made it into, I've been either downsized or outsourced out of. So I contract. So when I see someone like this bemoaning their very good situation, I can't help but roll my eyes a little. Sounds like he didn't even call apple for help over the phone. When my ThinkPad breaks I'm on the phone to Lenovo right away. I shouldnt need a compelling reason to work some place. I - need a job, presumably they need someone with my skillset, now obvious, there are soft skill concerns, do I match the culture, is it going the direction I feel my career ought to go? Other then that, it should be pretty simple. this seem dangerous. EVDO was just an card change on the existing base station hardware, it meant in many cases no additional backhaul even on sprint the issue is excessively full backhaul - not Radio Access Network issues. Having spent many moons looking for work in the _rest_ of the tech industry, I find this post spot on. The startup world is strange, and not the real work in my humble opinion. On the other hand it shares some sucks with the real world. Cover Letters - This seems to be an excuse for me to gargle something unmentionable, and speak the great praises of myself and my often feigned interest in your company. Keyword Matching - How I hate thee, so much hate. On the other hand now fully 1/3 of my resume is a skills matrix, which helps the folks in HR who often cant tell a fax machine from a switch. References - I have an extensive collection of these, please do not ask me for them before you interview me. They could just as easily be bullshit and are not really a guarantee of anything, also, anyone who wants more than two of these should really go away. Land of Unrealistic expectations: I know I live in Seattle, but there is no way you will find a desktop support person for 13 an hour with 2+ years experience, the last time I made that little money was 8 years ago. Recruiters - Please read my resume before calling me. Clearly you have it, PLEASE read it. I dont even know what half of the roles are I get sent. Recruiters from India - See above; please improve your conversational english skills, and or just EMAIL me, also, I dont know what an E-Mail ID is - but I do have an email address. Online application systems - please dont make me fill out a profile in your system, just let me send a resume, I have no less than 100 of these accounts for one employer or another. I think thats all of my rant for now. Oh, totally. Nearly everytime I can get my resume into the paws of a decision maker, I get the job, but to do so I need to wind my way thru HR. Unless this is your first job out of college, I dont think GPA is relevant. Huawei, Lenovo, Wouxun. Why? What makes a luxury vehicle substantively different from a small car, if anything, you would get less benefit from the depreciation on a luxury car, because they tend to be worth more used. Also, a Luxury Car, and a top of the like 3/4 ton truck are in the same price range. Also, it is for example quite legitimate to outfit your outside sales people with a nice high end vehicle, they need to drive what their customers would expect them to. This seems to me to be like proposing a square wheel because round ones are unattractive. If you have a universal cultural idiom, I think it means you won the war of conveying a concept. That's a great idea if we all had a versioning file system (or for that matter if the filesystem could be a bit more abstract from the actual bits on the disk), most of us do not. Because there are many cases I can think of where you don't wanna save. Having had to sleep in my car when I lived in the Bay Area in the 2005/6 timeframe - this is spot on. Even though I was making 18.50 an hour (when minimum wage was either 6.75 or 7.25 an hour) I was unable to find an apartment that I could afford to rent, or could meet the deposit requirements (First/Last/Damage). I eventually found a room to rent in Sunnyvale/Mountain View for something I could afford, in the mean time, I was couch surfing, and sleeping in my car when needed. I have an idea myself to solve this; Unregistered works, are granted 10 years of protection, then either must be registered or become public domain. For individuals, After registration, Artist Lifetime, then renewal every 5 years thereafter. For corporate owned/created work, registration good for 30 years, and renewal every 5 years thereafter. Possibly, work must be kept in commercial availability somewhere in the 5 year cycle or you potentially could be challenged for the right to renew. I like this system because it solves something I see as a serous problem, abandoned works. And so? You can still opt out? I've been waiting for a large ISP to do this, its just a matter of time. In the future its going to be IPv6 + CGN. Public IPv4 will be a rarity. Excel is a great flat file database. It's also a great way of formatting a small amount of data for human consumption. Its not a database in the modern sense of the word, nor should be used as such. I love that quote. Really? Have you been in a Pennys? It's about as upscale as Dennys, and as hip as the dentist. On the other hand, it did offer consistent value and a consistent shopping experience. He tried to do in a year, what needed ten years or more to do, and failed. His failure is not unsurprising to any of us who have been in the store. Pennys, was so un-hip it almost became hip, but it rightly so had a image of dowdy women wearing housecoats shopping on a Tuesday. Me too. It was fat (tall) people clothing that was more conservatively styled, which far better suits my personal wants than the chain fat peoples store. Sears - maybe. Pennys was more middle of the road, more like Macy's for the lower middle class. I think this person hit it on the head. When it comes to distractions and thinking, less is more, and forced constant interaction is bad. wow, this comment made me whimper a little inside. Been waiting for this comment for forever. not fair! No. Sometimes I want to open the pdf in the browser, I often to not want to save it until I have been able to look at it and see if its what I want. I think that _was_ something, saying congrats is a perfectly valid sentiment to pass on such a momentous occasion. I've found Unix Text Processing ( http://oreilly.com/openbook/utp/ ) to be very very helpful when trying to some data processing I would normally do in excel. I think its about time. That said, a complete UI overhaul is.. I just see it as unlikely all at once, more of a gradual thing. I think the concept of the (Guaranteed Annual Income) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guaranteed_Annual_Income is the most effective way to deliver social services. The overhead is much lower than welfare, WIC or food stamps, meaning it costs less, and more benefit actually makes it to the poor. "When the iPhone came out, nobody used touch devices. The signaling benefits of skeumorphism were very useful, especially since most iPhone buyers were buying their first iPhone." I would hope so, the iPhone _was_ the first iPhone. It was not the first touch screen device, or the first smart phone. The Footnotes.. 1. Yes, I know about the LG Prada That’s why I said “nobody used” as opposed to “none existed” 2. And the end of skeumorphism does not mean flat design; things like gradients and shadows have their place I did read the footnotes, that doesnt mean the statement was invalid, so there author is treating iPhone as a synonym for smart phone, or there was somehow another iPhone before the first iPhone. I think a limited amount of skeumorphism is still useful and quite valid, I think however giving everything a texture to match what it would be, or the tape deck motif of the podcast tool is less useful, in fact, I think its distracting, maybe even for new (read non-technical) users. Everyone knows what the play, pause, stop, fast forward and reverse signs look like, are the spinning reels needed? It raises another question, when does chrome become just a distraction, rather than easing the user into using the product? I'm not seeing in the link about them dropping XMPP support, not in the source link the author links to. I see them not building XMPP support into hangouts, but its not the same thing, hangouts are not an IM thing, they are a web conferencing thing. This guy is right on the ball. I've spent most of my career doing customer care, and to put it bluntly, real companies have some kind of support, even if it costs money. If you interact with the federal government, its all metric, pull up any Radio License, the transmitter data is all metric. I should point out that we are not the only country in the world to sign their highways in miles, the UK does too.. still. Americans are lousy at metric, because we dont use it regularly, even though the government does, and the country is technically a metric country. I should also point out the UK uses miles too. I'm honestly wondering why this is here. Specifically, the section on "Why not send whole commands" made me wonder who this is targeted at, its pretty basic UNIX stuff to know how an Async ASCII terminal works. I've had this very interview, repeatedly, usually someone who doesnt know the difference between debian and a toaster oven. No, really. You can locate any transmitter. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio_direction_finding To get around the paywall. https://www.google.com/search?q=Obama+Plans+to+Take+Action+A... Mirror: http://updatednews.ca/2013/06/03/why-finnish-babies-moslty-s... I think the iPhone does support it. I've never considered call detail records to be particularly private. That's all this is. I've never considered Call Detail Records to be particularly private. Maybe its because I work in the telecom industry, I'm used to CDR's being all over the place, easy to get, export as text even, and not particularly private. It's always seemed to me that what you say on the call is far more important than who you are calling. For what period of time? ^^^ This! I love the soap, and the label is crazy, so was the man. The reasons given lined up with my own thoughts. It's very hard to build a stable, reliable and self repairing distributed network. Communicating status and presence info is the largest challenge that distributed networks is the hardest and most difficult challenge you have, whereas with a centralized server, and 'register' its fairly easy to push updates out for all of this. Also, the server can be set to maintain status for the subscriber, even if they are not really connected. The experiences I have had in the Valley have led me to call it "The Valley of my Discontent" COBOL isn't the problem, legacy systems, also, not the problem. A severe lack of oversight, and Documentation, that's the actual problem. Every sizable corporation has these problems, and often the new systems are worse, or can't handle the complex pay rules. But its the lack of documentation and oversight that makes any of these systems unmaintainable. With Documentation, any system, no matter how old, or how obscure is maintainable. I'm going to ask a dumb question. I have a commercial drivers license, I've driven semi tractors, large straight trucks, and a wide variety of passenger vehicles. Is it safe to presume that flying one type of widebody airliner is the same as flying any other kind of widebody airliner? I can drive a Pete, Freightliner or International and they all largely drive in the same broad generalities. Just as I can drive any full size car, and they all drive the same. Would two similar classes or aircraft be the same? Uhh.. couldnt you use make; echo -en "\007" to trigger the terminal bell? It seems so much less complex. Microsoft got sued in the 90's for not extending retirement plans to its temps. Since then the two track system developed. While calling him a traitor is a valid point of view, its not NPOV, the foundation wiki is built on. FWIW, I think is a hero - and I suspect he will come to be regarded as such by most Americans. Couldn't I just use links to get the same effect? But with the comments (what I consider the best part of HN) They appear to be working on that. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_High-Speed_Rail I stopped reading the mainstream gay media a long long time ago. There was a point when I realized it represented a way of life and culture that I had no interest in, and would never welcome me either. The only thing I have in common with much of the mainstream gay community is an attraction to the same sex, my geekiness represents many more important cultural touchstones to me. What an interesting set of photos - a window on the world we never see. That make me giggle, just the whole mix of twitter and an SEC notice. How is it substantively different on styling than a 2014 Focus 4 Door or Taurus. The styling is bland an unoriginal, it looks like every other car for sale these days, whats worse, its bland an expensive, I can afford a focus, I cant even begin to hope to afford a Model X. It doesn't seem to tell me how much it is.. Generally if I have to ask the price, I probably can't afford it. I want an electric car, I want one with a range of about 400 miles, with charging stations to support it. jAs soon as the electric car is as easy for me to use as a gasoline powered one, I'm ready to drive one. For what it's worth, my line of work (making all those mobile devices work) requires an enormous amount of driving. I'm an hourly employee (functionally non-exempt salary). Whenever employers ask me for exempt salary, I quote an rate that is 1.5 to 3 times as much as I would earn if hourly non-exempt. This is part of my insurance policy, so I can make sure I can take care of myself when my company cant. Now, while I realize I have a really unique skillset, and have project knowledge which will see me thru - when I have to take my 45 day break ahead, I realize I may not come back. This would make me sad, but I'm well taken care of by my own savings, and by unemployment. The shell of the car however is the part that us mere mortals can see right now. Having recently driven a Kia Optima, Ford Focus, Fiat 500 and a couple older vehicles (2011 Crown Vic, 1997 Town Car, 1967 Cadillac) I dont see a substantive difference, the difference in my mind is less a function of design, and more a function of the materiel chosen to implement the design. All of these cars clearly had a whole bunch of thought put into where the controls are and how they functioned, but what made something feel quality, was the choice of materiel and how well it was put together, the design qualities were more or less equal. What makes the Tesla innovative to me is the technology in the drivetrain, not the inside of the car. My personal tastes would dictate having more things labeled with words over say otherwise inscrutable symbols - I rented a 2010 DTS once, it took me 15 min to figure out how to turn either the wipers or the headlights on, because I couldn't figure out what the icon meant. If I can reserve something, its functionally for sale, I should be able to see how much the total price of the vehicle is before reserving. I tried that, the reservation link seems broken. Out of my price range for now. My 97 Town Car could do 400 miles on a tank - close to 29 highway. I would pay 40 dollars a year to not get junk mail. Interesting. I've been talking about risk for a couple years now. Kids today have no idea what a reasonable risk is because most of them have not be allowed to make any life choices (or for that matter, any choices at all), so when they hit adulthood, they have no real idea whats a reasonable risk or not. I think we will see this effect odd parts of our society more and more as time goes on. Here is the link to the original BSTJ article. http://www3.alcatel-lucent.com/bstj/vol39-1960/articles/bstj... I have a dumb terminal, I figured out one day - that on that serial terminal, I could do about 80% of what I normally do with a computer with it. Next step is to figure out the oldest hardware to use with it, that would still let me hit that 80% target. Medical technology has not really moved forward too much for basic care from 1986 (HIV and new Chemotherapy drugs are the two things I can think of brought to market since then) That future still sounds a whole lot better than our present. I'm not anywhere near convinced that the 24 hour news cycle and social media are good for anything or anyone. I think this is spot on, if you're buying 2 million units of X its nearly always cheaper per unit than buying 1 million. That said, I dont expect to see a total platform convergence, I see a future where you have iOS and OSX, and where you could for example run iOS apps on OSX, I dont see them following the same route Microsoft did with Windows 8. I've noticed my battery life as more to do with how many notifications I get over any other usage. People dont produce children, Humans have sex, make babies. We've been doing it for as long as humans have existed. I like how Windows 8 works, just dont like how it looks. I never considered video editing a key application for my mobile telephone. Even with the camera, I would expect to take the video on the phone, and edit it elsewhere. I'm 30. I have a good job, for a telecom carrier, I make more money than I thought a could, enough to live in one bedroom apartment and save a little for a rainy day. That said, I have no stability (I'm a contractor who's project could vanish at any point in time), no retirement (my retirement plan right now is death), no insurance I can afford (would cost over 10% of my take home to get it). I long for stability, permanence and benefits. I know right now it sucks - but I know in a couple years the boomers will be exiting the workforce in droves, and there will be room for me in the permanent roles. I just have to bide my time, be patient, and wait, and it will all work out. I hope. Then what is it exactly? I have an iPhone, it makes a pretty great mobile telephone! It's still a phone, even if it does all of those other things. The web interface for Yahoo! Groups is more or less unusable. The admin panel doesn't load, can't read messages, can't approve people - More or Less - its non functional. Yes, indeed. I've thought about starting an airline - an all inclusive fare type deal - also no carry on bags. Bringing a COW (Cell on Wheels) in seems like a reasonable precaution - you have a presentation with lots of people showing up, you want everything to work correctly. I can see that as a reasonable precaution in a demo device. It all depends on the level of showmanship you want. The technical details of the presentation are interesting, but less relevant than how well the device worked at launch. It worked. The iPhone was a success not because it was the first, but because it was the first really usable device, it put everything that came before it to shame. I think this is a really neat (small) study of how a product makes it to market. Truth is, I would probably buy this razor if I could, I dont need a 97 blade extravaganza I just want something to scrape the extra hair off my face. As far as using Indian students from MIT - thats a neat way of trying to lower development costs, while still targeting the specific needs to the ethnic group targeted. It didn't work perfectly, because it couldnt test for local use cases, but its still a neat start. Yeah, the product discussed in the article is safer than a safety razor - that was part of the point. When I see stuff like this, I feel so very very fortunate to have an extremely common name. It is extortion however to charge to remove images as far as I'm concerned. I use junction/hard links to alias part of my filesystem into dropbox. There is a real use case for it. I would point out that NT is already running on ARM, it was demoed at one point recently prior to the launch of windows 8. http://blogs.msdn.com/b/b8/archive/2012/02/09/building-windo... I dont think people do, that doesnt mean it doesnt happen by accident. Until we can get file system as a database, and all of this can be abstracted, it can be a real issue. That said, the target here is a developer - a bit of careful planning can avoid said complications. Because before it was tracked by git, it was in bitkeeper, and it was likely in some other system before that. I feel old. because I'm in a hurry, and neither have time to cook, nor for a sit down meal. if I look at my raw mailstream his case might be correct, I aggressively use filtering so most of what makes it to my inbox is actually mail. I think there is something else coming still yet, maybe Q1 2014, maybe it was supposed to be ready now, but wasnt. As someone who lives in the land of trees and windows (and grew up in the land of the freeway) I count Santa Cruz as part of the Bay Area, there are enough commuters running up and down CA-17 to make it count. It's also the worst, Widnows IMAP client I've found, period. I suspect it doesn't implement caching in an intelligent way. I long for a functional version of Evolution for Windows. Evolution flies as a IMAP client. I loathe to use any client with POP. I've always wondered why the KG was not defined as a certain volume of Water at Sea Level. Well, I'll be dammed. The automatic matching BS is why my resume is chock full of bullshit with a skills matrix. I would rather they look at my overall experience and try to match me to a relevant job. This to me points at the flaw of the startup model. Most of the problems startups are solving are not real problems, they don't need solving - but there is money to be made in solving them, so they get solved. This is a problem (lack of jobs/affordable housing) that does need solving, but there isn't much money to be made in it. Jobs are something we can focus on. Many companies choose to make marginally more profit by moving production to 'low cost markets' rather than manufacture here. I believe firmly if you make your product overseas it should cost some amount of money in duty to bring your product back to the United States, ideally about (or maybe more than) the difference in cost between what it would cost to make your product here and what it costs to make it there - is it an easy to implement solution? no. But its the right thing to do. That said, I believe that rising transport costs will eventually solve this problem for many types of goods, probably within the next 10-15 years or so. Why should I use tmux over screen? oh god. I hate math, but I'm very very good at basic math, if I had had to learn like this, I cant see how I would have learned anything except that I didnt want to learn more. Because I'm selfish. I'm an American, my countrymen are hungry, homeless, and cant find jobs, in a country that is not well accommodating for the poor. I hardly think I can be blamed for wanted to help my countrymen first. Not one that does any good when you don't have a house, or food in your belly. In short, I believe I need to solve problems near to home before I worry about the rest of the world. There are hundreds of NGO's who worry about Africa and development in the developing world, there isn't really anyone working on poverty here, at home, not with any resources. So I want to work on creating jobs here, here where there are real environmental rules, protections for workers, occupational health and safety rules. Medical Rape - comes to mind. I was speechless. I try to do as much research about the company as I can, so I can speak with some knowledge and have some questions for them. If I can I research even who will be interviewing me, so I know some of their background - not to let on, but to try to give me an idea of what kind of questions they will ask, based on the experiences they have had. I don't think my education institution, employer, or a place I may volunteer for has any right to ask for my social media information, or use anything they may find on social media in any way. It's an invasion of privacy, because of how ubiquitous social media has become, its a bit like requiring you to submit transcripts of all your interactions with your friends over the last 6 months or whatever. I'm gifted and cursed with a very very common name, it's in the top 20 of male first/last combinations. I've had trouble with flying because of it, I've had some difficult explaining to do when some overly broad background checks come back (matching on first/last/DOB), problem with collection agencies, and the usual problem of it being impossible for any agency to find me by first/last (a double edged sword). It's frustrating but its also a shield, so long as no one can bridge the gap between my real name and the nickname I use online, I'm safe from this kind of digging, I feel sorry for those who're not. Falling gasonline prices have had me worried for a couple weeks now, for me its a sign that we are on the cusp of a double-dip recession. Growing income inequality belies a wider underlying weakness in the economy. The Depression grew from a decade long recession in the agricultural market, it was sparked however by a stock market bubble imploding that caused widespread bank failures. The failures of the banks are what turned it from a blip (see the post-dot-bomb era) into a worldwide crisis. I believe honestly that the next 5 years its going to be about as bad as the last 5, but hopefully should improve going forward. How old are you guys, like 8? How could they not know this? "The challenges the world faced in 2010—low home values, credit hard to get, central banks unable or unlikely to lower interest rates further—“were nonexistent in representative-agent models,” says Christopher Carroll, who teaches at Johns Hopkins. At the ECB’s Frankfurt conference, Carroll presented a paper that bolstered Krusell and Smith’s model with microeconomic data. For Carroll, people differ in one crucial way. “The marginal propensity to consume,” according to the paper, “is substantially larger for low-wealth than for high-wealth households.” Rich people behave like the hyperrational agent. They plan for the future. They save during a stimulus, thinking about the taxes to come. And they can borrow during a fiscal contraction. Poor people are what economists call “borrowing constrained.” They tend to have more needs than are being met, so when money arrives, they spend it. When the government stops spending and credit is hard to come by, the mythical everyman, like the rich person, continues to spend. But most real people don’t have access to credit, and they hunker down. Carroll’s findings have been confirmed by other academics in the last two years who looked at Italian and U.S. data." I remember what poor was - I always knew where my paycheck went well before I got it. Seeing this 'nâ€™s' totally takes away from what the website is trying to say. Something can be both unauthorized and perfectly legal. They don't want it to happen, that doesn't mean it can't be done. I'm in Seattle, and 80% of my Amazon packages come via OnTrac and UPS. USPS is mostly books - and only from 3rd party sellers. I find this just plain damm creepy. On the other hand if it were a site where people could post requests to find people they missed like that - that could be a pretty neat site. Sure it does - I've seen stranger stuff. Though in this case it might just be trendy .co domain that makes it so :-P In reality you're right. Seeing someone naked shouldn't be the end of the world - no one should be fired for nudes appearing online somewhere. No ones life should end. That said, this guy in a total sleeze, and knew that (a) he had no rights to do so (b) its morally wrong (c) it had a good chance of ruining peoples lives. While we need to fix the first problem I think (cultural taboo about nudity) what sleezebag did is still wrong, and not fixing the first problem. What a well presented and interesting article. The book being reviewed here is one I've been meaning to pickup and read for a while, just been lazy about it. Huguette Clark was literally a living fossil - possibly the very very last holdover from the gilded age, really a very sad story. Though by all accounts - she was happy largely - so maybe not so sad in absolute terms over all. Discounting the sleeping giant works great, until they eat your lunch. Microsoft has an enormous capacity to innovate, mostly thru brute force of the billions of dollars they have sitting around, but still, innovation is innovation. Microsoft is in nearly every enterprise anywhere, partially due to inertia, but also do to the fact that no one else offers a complete solution - Office is ubiquitous because it was better than all of its competitors, and largely still is. Outlook/Exchange from a objective point of view is horrible - but there is no other complete solution that matches its features. In every one of their traditional markets they have blasted every incumbent away and largely kept any new competitors from entering in any meaningful way, That said, from about 2001 - when entering new markets they've been like a rudderless ship sailing around in circles. However, there is a changing of the guard coming shortly, one that I think could change the direction of the company in ways that could cause sea change in any new market is chooses to enter. Once Microsoft can figure out how to work with itself again - god help any part of the technology sector they choose to target. Posting about it on HN might be :-P I just read it, having done so it appears she was largely happy, and in her place by her own choice. I still can't get it here. No clue when either - so frustrating. SNR is on the right line there - I'd have him look at the splitters inline between him and he curb. Don't ask your family for money, ever. You'll pay for it in grief 1000 fold over every time you see them in perpetuity. We're doing this now one way or another, I mean in terms of dollars spent. The problem is, its 14+ different programs doing it - if we make ONE program, we've just cut how many administrators and bureaucrats out of the loop saving however many dollars in overhead - plus all sorts of different infrastructure systems to administer and pay it all. It's logical common sense this program would work more cheaply (and possibly better) just thru overhead savings. Means tested welfare is wasteful. More guns is not the solution to stop crime. It's jobs, it's income, it's opportunity. People commit these petty crimes, join gangs, and so on - simply because there are no other options open to them - there are no jobs they can get to - beyond that our broken education system didn't give them the skills to hold a job. Unemployment does work as insurance - the difference it, the beneficiary is not the one paying for it - their employer does - and I, the employee takes some of that thru lower wages. I call BS on this: "But in most cities around the country, the local electric distribution company provides overhead street lighting as a basic service at a flat monthly rate per light, which includes the light itself, maintenance, and electricity. Therein lies the rub—regulated utilities often have little incentive to invest in more efficient streetlights, which offer a reliable, consistent, and often lucrative revenue stream that comes at a time of day (or night) when demand is low." If their getting a fixed rate, LED's would be quite profitable for them due to lower servicing costs, and lower power consumption - meaning for that fixed rate, they take in more income. Beyond that, in many cities - running and maintaining the streetlights is included in the franchise rights to sell power in a given city - meaning to sell power, the power company had to install and pays for the lights. I swear something like this was posted about a month ago. Huh. I posted this same article about two days ago. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6810685 http://spectrum.ieee.org/energy/the-smarter-grid/san-francis... an AC/DC power supply at best like 70-80% efficient DC-DC converters are upwards of 98% efficient. So you loose 10% in the UPS/PDU Scenario (AC - DC (Float on Batteries) AC) then another 20-25% in the power supply. Meaning to generate 100w inside the PC you need 137.5w input, plus whatever distribution losses you have. If you use HVDC supply with rack based DC-DC Converters. So AC-DC (90% efficient) and DC-DC (98% efficient) You can generate 100w with only 112.2w input. Figure that's for the the whole rack, verses per chassis power supply conversion for the AC model. You can do one 3.3v one 5v and one 12v power supply per rack. You're also saving a huge amount of heat too, heat that you dont need to cycle out thru additional A/C Hardware. I'll admit I cherry picked a little. But the numbers I used are largely borne out on the link you provided. Look at page 52 and 53. I think however larger rack/frame mounted DC/DC converters would likely be even more efficient than per chassis DC/DC converters, but would require almost totally custom hardware. I'm aware of the neg 48 vdc stuff out there, I work in the telecom industry, and plan on building a 48v power plant whenever I buy a house :-P. That's not quite what I was talking about - Rather than need to distribute 48v you could do 240v or 384v (5 or 8 48v strings) and then do DC-DC in each frame to generate 12v/5v/3.3v power supplies, which supply the voltages directly to the hardware, if you needed 48v in frames, its easy to put a DC-DC converter in to get that too. I shudder to think at copper costs to distribute 48v. They could have then, but mercury vapor rectifiers are/were expensive, mogen sets are noisy and need service - its far easier to put a big one in, than lots of little ones. In response to: http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2013/11/20/fcc-announces-plans-t... http://www.fcc.gov/blog/ip-transition-starting-now It's all conjecture on my part, but I'll take a stab. Deploying a next-generation telecom infrastructure is an interesting challenge - but one that is underway as we speak. Verizon chose Fiber to the Premises (FTTP) (FiOS). AT&T chose fiber to the node (FTTN) (U-verse) and is rolling out VDSL. CenturyLink (Qwest) has also picked FTTN and is rolling out VDSL as well. These rollouts are slow moving - but will continue to use copper for the foreseeable future - FTTP is the long term future still I think - but we keep being able cram more and more data over a pair - and with pair bonding that number keeps rising. For now at least, most voice will still be served over fairly long loops from the CO - AT&T is rolling out VoIP over U-verse - Verizon is doing the same over FiOS, CenturyLink has not yet marketed VoIP to residences - but I suspect it will come in a while (when more of their footprint is covered). Fiber to the Node has the advantage of having fiber near the customer when the cost of repairing the legacy copper exceeds the cost of putting fiber in to each house. Largely, based on my research - the new VoIP circuits are often being served off TDM offices that have upgraded been to packet switching. Both Lucent and Genband offer a way to upgrade their TDM switches to a packet based core (Lucent 7ESS or 7 R/E and Genband C15 Session Controller). In short - the article was full of hyperbole - If you look at the underlying blog post - it doesn't mention the removal of copper, copper will play a big part in last mile service delivery for likely another 20-30 years - in the end is about replacing the TDM based network core with packet switching - a process that has been going on for almost 20 years at this point. With proper engineering a packet based system is every bit as (if not more) reliable as TDM based one. That said, it raises some real questions - what of universal service? How about the CLEC market - will they be granted access to the new networks which are replacing the old? Only time will tell. If you get bit (shocked) by DC, you let go, drop it instantly - AC will not allow you to drop it, you have to be pulled off. If anything its safer. Also, DC has lower loss over a given conductor. The problem historically with DC was changing from a high voltage for transmission and low voltages for loads, something changed by solid state devices. That's actually pretty normal - your body doesnt conduct well, people die because of current in the sub 500ma range, a bigger issue is once hold of AC, sometimes you cant drop it. If I could make the same money I do now washing dishes, I would take it in a heartbeat. I was in much better shape, and honestly, my job was more fulfilling I could point to and see real progress every night of work. If it were not December, I would assume this was an april fools joke. How right, so very very right you are. Quoted from the thread you linked. "Raise your hand if you have iTunes ... Raise your hand if you have a FireWire port ... Raise your hand if you have both ... Raise your hand if you have $400 to spend on a cute Apple device ... There is Apple's market. Pretty slim, eh? I don't see many sales in the future of iPod. ~LoudMusic -- No sig for you. YOU GET NO SIG!" Agreed. If it works or if it doesn't, its something new and very different. This should be called "Why You Can't Build a Smartphone Ecosystem" Building the phone itself is easier, license the software from google, develop some cool hardware, build and sell it. Admittedly, selling it is probably the hardest part, hard to innovate on features, you can innovate in packaging, price, assembly place, any number of other things. If you have a big enough bucket of money, you could build a new ecosystem, it wont be easy though. Even without the bucket of money you could build a new ecosystem - but you might only capture 2-5% of the market. femtocells (wifi size cells) are virtually never cost effective, not enough density to support the infrastructure. a combination Microcells and picocells, however might be doable, you use mesh networking to tie the picocells to to each other, and back to the microcell, ideally its a slow speed low power network, around 900 mhz, providing a access method for text messaging, and push notifications (sub 100kbps, think of it as a faster control channel), Data could be mesh even between handsets, passing (some) data thru to the nearest base. A higher speed network used for more intensive data use situations that goes directly to the nearest micro or picocell, For voice calls or in rural areas, you could default to the regular BTS. It's buzzword compliant for sure. Anyone who has ever worked with people of different sexes could have told them. Men and Women go about solving problems in vastly different ways. Women do better in high stress, high information volume situations, are able to make more intelligent choices when little or no data is available. Men are better with logic puzzles, but generally are poor listeners, and have poor soft skills. Women are better managers of people, Men, better managers of things. Obviously, these are not universal truths, but there are certain roles I would prefer a woman candidate for, others I would prefer a man, I'm going to make a judgement on the person, but their gender is part of the experience package. If I could have figured out anything beyond its buzzword compliance, that would have been super. I could tell it was some sort of router with some dependability, beyond that it all looked like vaporware. Where it would come into play is: Two Candidates, identical qualifications, identical experience, both interview well, I'm going to go with my 'intuition' to make the final call, whatever it is that goes into that is between myself and my concience. It's actually the increasing feminization of society that I believe creates a huge problem for young boys. Being unable to sit still, wanting to run around - now treated as an illness Roughhousing - a normal male activity, is now a crime in schools. Here is a good article making my point - http://ideas.time.com/2013/08/19/school-has-become-too-hosti... http://www.amazon.com/The-WAR-AGAINST-BOYS-Misguided/dp/0684... Real problems are hard to solve and no ready way to pay for them. Convenience services have less challenges, and a ready market waiting to pay for them. If this service was in Seattle (and I didn't live in an apartment complex that essentially provides this service for free) I'd use it. Motorola is still Motorola, their radios are of the same quality as ever. This is one of the reasons why I have an iPhone. He's spot on. We Americans focus so very very often on how we disagree rather than how we agree. If you look at both parties, they broadly agree on so many things. Instead we focus on unimportant social issues, shaving a couple percent off government spending, and so on. The educational system we have now is largely a scam, it promises that if you spend tens of thousands (or more) dollars on a 4 year degree, you'd have a good job waiting on the other side, and its largely BS. We need vocational training, we need training for non white collar career options, and no one is really working on it. I make a salary of that of a skilled professional - with no formal education beyond high school - it's been a long fight to get here though, perhaps it could have been easier otherwise. The other problem with the current college education program is a lack of correlation between cost and outcome, it's something that needs to be looked into. He also hits on a point - the government doesnt create jobs, so it doesnt matter what congress does, or what the president does, its the job of the government to create a stable environment (regulatory and otherwise) so the economy can go and create jobs. I believe our government is largely failing at this. On to the skills gap - I disagree with him on one point, companies are largely unwilling to train - there are jobs for which I'm broadly qualified for, but can't get because I'm missing one specialized skill or another for. If companies were willing to train, they would be able to fill most of those unfilled jobs. Largely yes. It's the message I was given in High School - I graduated in 2001. We we're also expected to know what we wanted to do (ideally) for the rest of our lives. Exactly, the question I ask when we talk about sending people back to wherever is "Who's going to pick my lettuce?" Americans don't want these jobs. I don't see him as touting anything right-wing, IMO - he is touting the 'Don't demonize the opposition' idea, a worthy one at that. He also advocates market solutions, which in many cases solve problems with a whole lot less effort and in a 'cleaner' (read less complex) way - for example, the CAFE standards versus just raising the taxes on gas, both would accomplish the same goals of increasing fuel economy for cars sold. One does it with a bunch of complex regulation, the other does it thru a market mechanism. Sometimes market mechanisms are really hard to apply, things like roads, healthcare, public safety, and so on. But when you can use a market based mechanism in a market economy its almost always the least complex and most efficient way to solve problems. I don't believe in unions as the ideal situation for workers or employers, I believe strongly when a company ends up with a union, it's because they did something stupid. Didn't pay enough, treated employees unfairly, poor working environment, any number of things, but generally something that could have been mitigated by 'doing the right thing' in the first place. I'm likely to get downvoted for this. But not all of what the NSA is doing is bad. I think the phone records program is good. These records are not secret by any means (the phone company owns them, not you) and its a minimally intrusive way using amounts to pattern matching to find some people who might want to hurt me and my countrymen not for who we as individuals are, but simply because we're Americans based on their Call Detail Records history. Having spent the majority of my career working in the Telecom industry, these records are accessed with surprising ease - anyone with any sort of access to the billing system usually has full access to them (Both at a Major ITSP and one of the major wireless carriers in North America) I had actually presumed the government did too - perhaps not in real time, but anytime they wanted on demand. I don't consider it a private thing whom I talked to - I consider the contents of those calls protected, but not the fact I made them. For what its worth, because of the structure of our telephone network, it virtually impossibly to monitor the contents of every call - You'd have to have a recording device or special service trunks to every end point everywhere in the nation. Billing records on the other hand, are generally forwarded to a central collection point for processing into your telephone bill (as well as storage and analysis for traffic planning purposes). For what its worth - I don't think the government has a right to access mobile telephone geolocation data without a warrant - that to me is so clearly protected as it - ought to be - to be a breach of privacy if collected without a warrant. These are simply my opinions, others clearly feel differently - IMO there really is no wrong answer here, it's all about what feels right and just to you, and where your line of privacy is. I worked for a major ISP - Two of them, one being the largest suppliers of DSL nationwide and the other, their largest reseller. There are some horror stories out there - in truth, the majority of customers get what they pay for monthly without the plethora of stupids presented here. On the other hand, when I set up service with Comcast, my bill had 4-5 mystery charges monthly for 4 months, no one could explain what they were, and they got credited. But still, it was an hour of my time each time it happened. FTTN will always be cheaper, and I've always looked at it as part of a 2 stage deployment, it gets fiber into residential neighborhoods where there is often no fiber, providing a jumping off point to hook it to the premises. Ideally you can deploy FTTN/VDSL without replacing anything, you'd have to get fiber out to these places otherwise, and often enough here (the US) its aerial cable. Like I'd said in my original post, most of the places that would get fiber as part of an FTTN deployment have no fiber at all right now, so even getting the fiber into those areas is important to the later deployment of FTTP. With pair bonding VDSL has the potential of more than 25 mbps - plus the speeds they can pull out of copper over less that 1000m loops is quite promising, and continues to improve. I don't really have trouble with mandatory helmet laws so long as they only apply to minors. Motorcycle Mandatory helmet laws I'm sorta on the hedge about. In the end, people should allow to do activities that are risky only to themselves. The market for consumer apps is several orders of magnitude larger however. I have mixed feelings about this. Some of the metadata in my opinion is obviously OK to collect - the stuff that would have been captured by a pen register decades ago - Who you called, who called you, how long you talked - this stuff, which is otherwise known as call detail records it available to nearly everyone who works for the telco and is not really what I would consider private. Other stuff - like Geolocation data is in my opinion clearly not OK to collect - it constitutes an unreasonable encroachment on privacy, normally to track someone historically a warrant must be obtained first, and it required probable cause, I see no reason why a lesser standard should be applied here. I don't consider blanket recording of calls to be acceptable, but I don't see that as something that has been happening, at least on domestic to domestic endpoints (it's not really technically feasible to do with the way the telephone network is structured), its a bit easier to record calls going to international endpoints because of the structure of the PSTN - VoIP is its own deal, and YMMV on weather you can actually capture those calls or not. I don't want to see us throw the baby out with the bath water as it were, nor do I want the unreasonable encroachment on privacy to continue. Collecting metadata about email is OK - as in, who you mailed, and who mailed you. This information is no more private than the address on an envelope being sent to you via the postal service. Collecting the email itself I think has a higher bar to cross - the logic used in the CDR collection was akin to that of the postal mail address question. The presumption by many people was that it was available to the government on demand before, it matters little to me if the government has it whenever it asks for it, or has it on file in near realtime - either way, I get no notice that someone has asked for it. Different companies, different policy, I worked in customer care, and later in a quasi-engineering role. In both cases, and two different companies I had full access to customer CDR's. I actually would argue we're about half way up, we can choose to continue to slide down the hill, or claw our way higher, and have the government have less access, or 'give up' and slide down the hill, hoping that the overlords are benevolent. I personally want to claw our way a little higher up the hill again. I'm somewhat OK with big data being used in this case, these are cases that traditional police work cannot be used in. So long as our court system remains a strong protector of the innocent, big data in this case is used to generate a list of people to talk to, to interview, and often to rule out. I'm very leery of thoughtcrime and guilt by association, but its up to the courts to make sure we are protected, and that the rights of the innocents are protected. Correct. I largely hold position (a). I believe in position (b) as well, but there is a bar there, if something is above a certain level of invasion in invokes my belief in position (b) otherwise I consider it to be generally acceptable. Geolocation data is one of those things that invokes position (b) because I consider it to be an unreasonable invasion of privacy. The geolocation data is not tied to placing a call, the cell carriers keep and have a record wherever my mobile terminal is whenever its turned on and registered. Its tantamount to putting a GPS tracker on my person. This to me is a totally unreasonable encroachment on my right to privacy. The where attached to a placed call is a grey area for me. It's might be acceptable, it might not, because where is a given when using a landline. It's really all of them - If your doing a job that involves either customer care, or resolving call based issues, you have the ability to: See call detail records, sometimes capture voice calls to and from that subscriber, capture signalling data in realtime, track a mobile user in call thru the system for the purposes of finding defective network elements. There is a good reason why we had these abilities, they were essential to resolve and troubleshoot user reported issues. For example, if a customer reported troubles or call quality issues calling 202-555-1212, I needed to be able to pull their CDR's so I could determine which outbound trunk group the call went out on, so I could report it to that carrier to see if they could resolve. Exactly my arguments about CDR's, I have mixed feelings about disclosing location with CDR's - but if it were a landline, the location part is sort of a given, unless using a beige box or some other diverter like object (like a DISA on a PBX). I'm uncomfortable with the way things are, I'd rather things be more like they were a decade (or more) ago, which is to say nearly universal access by law enforcement to call detail records on demand, these records might include location call is placed from (for both Mobile and Landline telephones), I'm also comfortable with disclosure of Text Messaging metadata (envelope information), but not Geolocation data attached to texts without a warrant. I'm deeply uncomfortable with anything beyond this - that includes but is not limited to geolocation data not tied to a voice call without a warrant, taps on IP/Text/Voice content without a warrant. So, a typical scenario. "I had an incoming call come in at 3pm, no, I dont know the number, and I couldn't hear them/poor quality audio, can you check and see what was wrong?" OR "Everyone who calls me from johnstown says I have a really bad echo" These require either the calling party or the called party, you need to be able to locate what network element they touched. At every company I had to sign a generic NDA to not disclose customer information without consent from the company. In the end though, you don't own this data, the company you contract with for service does - you'd need to change the contract with them to get control over it. Adding the restrictions you propose would just make things more complex, not better. In the end, someone you don't want to have access will still have access - you need to trust the company you do business with to have good policy restrictions to protect their data, and your privacy. Pretty much exactly my point of view. We had the problem with low cost carriers too - though it was usually a quality issue, some customers because of the nature of their business (e.g. lots of fax calling) we would push them on to generally high cost TDM trunks via the local LEC versus lower costs VoIP trunks with level3 or other carriers. I wish I could convey to people that they need to trust that their carrier is not just sharing their info beyond what is required to make the network work and what is legally required of them by the federal/state/local government. I wish I could also explain more about how the telephone network, works. Like, how its virtually impossible to record every single call made in the US in a blanket sort of way, and that every transiting carrier from here to there also has a slice of their information. The telecoms legally own this data, its theirs, and its needed for all sorts of internal functions beyond just customer care - but lets focus on customer care: Without this access how would you: Create Trouble Tickets on call quality when the customer cant give very precise information? Give credits on miss dialed calls to overseas destinations? Explain charges on a customers bill? Open tickets on calls that cant complete - the example above "someone called Germany on Saturday, can you check and see why it didnt go thru?" I mean, I'd be interested on what form you think these access systems should take. Have you ever worked in a support role? This is the same reason I find disclosure of geolocation data collected outside a call without a warrant to be an unreasonable search. I would argue that the e911 data is not a voluntary disclosure. The cellular companies were compelled to generate and provide this information, as well as generate and store hordes of other information to assist law enforcement. In short, I don't think the government should be able to compel a company to store a class of data about its users, then because now they are holding it (at the behest of the government), then strip the data of privacy and compel the cellular companies to provide it to law enforcement. I don't find a substantial difference between the police planting a tracking device on your vehicle, and requesting geolocation data records for your mobile phone, they achieve largely same goals, thru only what I consider marginally different means - meaning, both should require a warrant. The exception to that would be geolocation data that is generated as part of making a phone call. I want to hold the line on what can be monitored to the era before always on mobile communications devices. Just because the data is there, does not mean it should be able to be gotten without a warrant. Ironically, the carriers who have the most billing and call quality troubles are not the legacy incumbent local exchange carriers, its the newer VoIP based carriers. In your 10mbps scenario its either a lack of QoS on your circuit (either from you or your ISP) or poor generally qualities of the end to end connection - like too much jitter or something. It's not really arbitrary - its based on what kind of monitoring you could do on a traditional telephone. The collection of records has not been manual since sometime in the 80's - the switch can generate a report of all this data. But I get the point. I think metadata alone is useless - it gives you associations, not content, you could be calling someone not very nice to talk about the fact that they owe you money for work you did on their car - or about blowing something up. All this metadata is useful for is generating leads for traditional police work (aka shoe leather) to follow up on and dig up information the old fashioned way. It depends on the KIND of GPS metadata - the GPS that is generated when I call happens is attached to the call metadata. The Metadata that is generated just by having your phone on is not. I'm ok with things attached to calls, I'm not OK with blanket tracking of peoples locations. The standard that I use is what information would you have gotten from a pen register in say 1973 or at least inferred from other sources of data, which is, calling party, called party, duration of conversation, location of parties in call, and really nothing more. Which leave out whole hosts of other kinds of data, like e911 pings, and tower data (showing all the users on the tower) and so on. Because much of this data is compelled to be kept by the government beyond what would be needed for engineering purposes (or in the case of e911 data generated by order of the government) it most certainly shouldn't be available without a warrant. I swear - did we work at the same company? You're echoing my experiences in such complete detail, its almost scary. Reminds me of a linux based edge router/SIP ALG product we used at a former employer if you put it on a 20 meg or faster symmetrical pipe, it would fall over, and eventually hardlock. Bugs in the drivers and a lack of hardware acceleration for the ethernet cards. AT&T operated under the idea of a steady rate of return for its shareholders, versus simply maximizing the rate of return. So there was money to pay for the labs, each local bell operating company paid IIRC 1.5% of its revenues to the labs for the right to use the work they produced. the ZyXEL Modems were horrible in general. My preference was to use an Innoband 8012 and let the customer get their own router. Because you have to do something beyond having your telephone ready to use, like making a call - and the call associated Metadata is a given, location is somewhat inherent to a landline. I should point out, the original post I meade that spawned this rather large thread, had no bearing on the decision - it was my opinion purely. Something else I should point out - there were mobile (pre-cellular) phones in the 1970's and some geolocation data could be implied from their use - because in most cases they couldn't roam beyond their home area. For what its worth, some of this data could have been gathered as early as 1979 - when the first AMPS systems were being turned up. Beyond that - I guess what I'm looking to say is, landline equivalence, I don't think you should be able to collect more information about a mobile phone user than a landline one, even if the information is there - at least not without a warrant. My discussion here has really been about what is acceptable without probable cause and a warrant, and not just for the NSA - but for all Law Enforcement Agencies. I think Call Detail Records and Call Associated Geolocation Data is acceptable, but really, nothing else, not without probable cause and a warrant, I even think that using big data techniques on CDR's is novel and worthwhile - but it should be as a clue to find more information thru old fashioned police work, not as the end evidence. I work at a big company, where on paper everything needs to be done in triplicate. That said, you _have_ to hustle, because 'getting stuff done' involves lots of interpersonal relationships and leveraging those relationships to actually get anything done - if you just leave it to process, you'd wait forever. Beyond that, you often need to know who to ask to find the entry point to the process, as with most companies there is very little up to date documentation about anything useful. For what its worth - I didnt read the decision because when I started this thread, I was commenting on an NBCNews article. That said, I largely agree with the judge - I think I didn't know the full details - I didn't know the government kept historical data for 5 years. Based on the early reports, I presumed they kept the last 90-180 days on hand in an indexed database and if not needed it was aged out. So I made some assumptions of what was going on, and they were much more limited than reality. I work for a major telecom company doing field service. I'm a contractor, I get a fair wage, but not much else. Real employees get, company truck, 20% more pay, 100% paid benefits, company phone and a bunch of intangibles. Like a good example when my manager goes on vacation even though I drive my own vehicle and am paid mileage, none of my mileage requests are paid, right now I'm floating about a month worth of mileage and other expenses, to the tune of 700+ dollars. If I were an employee, I would have a company vehicle, company gas card, company expense card, and it wouldn't be coming out of my pocket. I've noticed this, sometimes grieving must be brought to a close by an external event, otherwise everyone forgets why their there. I think you err'ed in looking for something specific rather than general in this post. Having run conventions for a decade or so now, I'll buy it, we have many of that type. Huh, Interesting. Another sign in my mind that high frequency trading is a bad idea, and in my opinion encourages bad behavior among everyone who touches it. Not all of us want to live and work in the city. I would have backed the comment up further with more comments, but I went to bed. Beyond that, I dont like HFT because I believe it increases volatility, and even if I'm wrong on that point it's also not something the average Joe can participate in, money or not. Some of us don't want kids. But we would rather live in a suburban or rural area. I work as a field tech, parking is a core requirement for any place I live, parking in the city is an incredibly rare or expensive quality. Beyond that, I grew up in Los Angeles, the car culture is deeply baked into me, plus, my eventual intention is to live in a rural area - where I can have land to do things like solar power, growing my own produce and a nice workshop to futz around in when my heart desires. It also comes down to rent, I need a vehicle because of my line of work, its a fixed cost I'll likely have to carry forever - rent in the city is upwards of twice as much (sometimes more) for the same space over suburbs, I cant justify the costs when I cannot otherwise expense shed elsewhere to make up the difference. Yes, this. This guy makes the assumption that all problems are big problems. Most problems are NOT big problems. Yes, and while you can solve many problems with parallelism, that doesn't mean you should. I see cargo cults all over, its my favorite way to explain the problem of people conflating causation and outcome. In business I see lots of folks who do this: "Well, if I do what XYZ does, I'll be successful just like they are!" So they do what XYZ does without understanding the WHY part of what XYZ does, and invariable either fail, or succeed and making a very poor copy. Yes, Exactly! Would this hole allow him to decrypt chat text? You would likely need a phone that supports TD-SCDMA - which I dont think the iPhone has done. This guy clearly rode the crazy bus to crazytown. 'Concerns' and 'known flawed' are not the same thing. Agile seems to drive longer working hours. Instead of a big release 4 times a year, its lots of short very intense sprints. Also, light blue on white is basically unreadable. It's not just movies. I like the TV show Downton Abbey, it airs in the UK in the fall, but not in the US until after the new year - I'm willing to pay money, but cannot until they decide to release it here. I'm also a fan of old TV shows, most of which I cant buy at any price because they are unwilling to release them at any price. I'm perfectly content to pay for any of this stuff - but often its not available for purchase, only for pirating. Same goes for movies - I can buy the DVD for 20 dollars or 'buy' an online copy for 12 dollars (sometimes its the same price as the DVD) - but it's DRM encumbered and I don't get a physical file I can watch anywhere I want - How is that a better value? What I've found and seen in a handful of studies - is the majority will only turn to pirating after exhausting the legal options to buy a media product, thats been my experience. I'd rather pay a blanket license on my internet bill (say 10%) and be able to download whatever I want from wherever I want, whenever I want. Region Licensing, DRM, strange pricing oddities and the like will keep pirating around for the foreseeable future. I have one of these Unicorn Jobs. I'm paid 40 hours a week, most weeks to warm the couch. I get time to work on my own projects. But, alas, I'm a contractor and some point in the not too far future this ride will end. knocks on wood Hopefully its not soon however. Didn't this service just launch too? Someone will still need to offer putting physical servers in a data center. Not all workloads are well served by cloud/VPS offerings. Barring some other external force - why would one expect they wouldn't continue as a player in a market they helped create? If I upgrade my browser - which is something that happens quite often, my fingerprint would change. I should point out that the person who argued for the petitioner - Doe - in Gonzaga v Doe, was John Roberts - this may not go the obvious way if it reaches the supreme court. The solution in the end is to turn internet access into common carrier services. Welcome! I thought it was neat. You'd expect the fancy scales to reject the empty boxes, but instead it appears they just sounded a bell. The workers added the rejection feature once they had an incentive to do so (the ringing bell). I feel this - I'm stuck with the worlds worst scheduling system. Explaining to senior management (who have never worked in the field) is to give the tech a workload for N days, and let them schedule their own schedule is more efficient is useless. I probably waste more time with the 2 rather fussy VPN's I have to deal with than any other computing related task. How is this not entrapment? " 3) In the heyday of the telegraph era, deploying lines was an extremely expensive and capital-intensive process, and it wasn't until other technological advancements that made possible various multiplexing and aggregation schemes (frequency-division, and later digital TDM) came along that the idea of running a copper line into every home really got to be realistic[1]. I agree that Western Union was a bit shortsighted in turning down this patent, but one could hardly blame them for thinking that universal telephone service wasn't economically possible. That's like selling a business idea today that relies on everyone having a 10 terabit fiber cable run to their home. Yeah, it's possible, and I have no doubt someone will make fun of me in a decade or two for naysaying it in any way, but would you invest $2bn in a related patent today? " I disagree - Multiplexing didn't play a significant role in the local loop until the 1980's. There were multiplexing techniques for toll lines prior to the paper you cite - look up phantom circuits. [1] If you want to check out about what drove the creation of the telephone network check out "Universal Service: Competition, Interconnection and Monopoly in the Making of the American Telephone System" [2], its a great book on how local toll traffic (among other things) drove the creation of the telephone network. Western Union didn't see the future in the telephone network because it disagreed with its existing model - wich is to say office to office messages - also their network was multiplexed from very early, telephones for practical reasons couldn't be until the invention of the vacuum tube. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phantom_circuit [2] http://surface.syr.edu/books/18/ This goes back to the glass half full/glass half empty discussion. It's not anything really new or different. The problem is half full people, tend to turn into half empty people as they age, get more conservative and have power/established interests to protect. In short, disruption seems scary when you are part of the powers that be. Not all telecom people are sticks in the mud, that said modern at&t (SBC) is not known for being progressive, forward looking or flexible. It was important to the establishment of a practical (and cheap) toll network - but not local service. It explains those stories that make the news now and again of dogs traveling thousands of miles home. Disciplined, is not the words I would use - SBC was the most corrupt (IMO) of the former baby bells too. They have been slimy for a long long time. In the 70's several executives were fired for what amounted to having a political slushfund [1] to buy off state officials when needed. While they may be successful they miss the concept of "Spirit of Service" in whole. [1] http://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1356&dat=19760728&id=p... As a field engineer, I often use the universal key (screwdriver) to open doors - sometimes you don't even need to pick the lock - just move the hasp out of the way. PacBell had built one of these next gen networks, it was even in limited deployments, as soon as SBC bought them, they killed it. It was an HFC network (hybrid fiber/coax)and was a commercial ready product. I'm not in a position to find citations right now, but if you google Pacific Bell and Hybrid Fiber Coax, you'll find the cites. Have you noticed that ever carrier claims to have the biggest, best, fastest or most reliable network? To reuse a famous quote "The nice thing about standards is, there are so many of them" with the 1900 mhz refarm, HSDPA should also work. In short, don't build a product for people who know what they need, find people who need something and build a product for them. It's an arbitrary choice, just like how Unix time is since 1970, or how UTC is timezone for Greenwich England. Historical precedent and agreement make the choice no less arbitrary - 0 degrees could have been anywhere, there is no technical reason that Greenwich was chosen. Have you looked at the map for the IDL? http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/61/Internati... That not jiggered by politics at all. That fails to make the first choice any less arbitrary - the choice was made to line up with existing sea charts - which of course used the Greenwich as 0 - but Greenwich as 0 was an arbitrary choice in the first place - not all arbitrary choices are bad ones, that was the crux of my argument in the first place. It drives me nuts that pidgin and adium use different logging interfaces - its made switching from Windows to OSX more painful - as I still use finch on Linux, and use file syncing to sync logs and config files across platforms. Iraq pales in comparison to the deaths caused by European colonialism in Africa (or pretty much anywhere else in the world). Beyond that - Saddam killed roughly 10 [1][2] times as many people as were killed as a direct result of the invasion of Iraq - and most of those deaths we're as a result of sectarian violence - not direct action by the US Forces. When it comes down to it, war is messy business - regardless of the causes of it - I was opposed to the war in Iraq - I rightly predicted it would turn into my generations Vietnam - but in the end, the die is cast. In re your first link - I wouldn't call global research a unbiased or objective source by any measure, period. [3] In re your second link - show me a single country that guarantees the rights of its citizens when outside of the nominal borders of its country, and when those citizens are committing what would amount to acts of war against their country of citizenship. I believe strongly in the right of free speech, and I've seen very few cases in my own country where those rights have been abridged or denuded in any way. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iraq_Body_Count_project#Body_co... - [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_Saddam_Hussein'... - [3] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Globalresearch.ca Canada has been a willing participant in Afghanistan[1] and as complicit as most of the world is in relations with Saudi Arabia.[2] While complicitness is not the same a direct action, it furthers the argument that I wish to make - in international relations, there is no such thing as clean hands. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada's_role_in_the_Afghanista... - [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada%E2%80%93Saudi_Arabia_rel... why not just use a stovetop kettle? Obviously, not all places have stoves - but every place I've wanted to make hot water in has - or a microwave/ my stovetop kettle whistles loudly when at boiling. Cite? It presumes one is using whatever pip is - its not in debian's repository . Because most people use broadband in a place where wideband should be used. In my little social circle - any discussion that becomes overly detail oriented (focusing on details over the core argument) has been dubbed a 'DE-9' discussion. I think your estimates are a bit optimistic - that aside - the GSM RAN will be going away, not the GSM core - that lives on for UMTS and LTE. Nothing. She's one. Wait till she's four. This is why you disable iMessage before turning your device in. This is one of the reasons I test all the sites I work on with links - I want to get a clue as to how it will work for someone blind. If were using a javascript menuing system we add a bottom nav that has discrete links for every page on the website. I don't understand the pricing. Is it say 29 dollars to consult for me, then another unknown dollars for the fare, or is that 29 dollars all inclusive or per leg? I'd suggest giving ranges for total out the door pricing based on mileage or some other formula. I know this is a hard thing to guesstimate because of how complex airfare pricing is. I personally love the idea of paying for a travel consultant to take care of my trip for me - and more importantly, be there to take care of me if something goes awry - its like a modern day travel agent, but with more transparency in pricing. Showing what someone would have paid for said trip thru kayak or whatever would also show the added value - if you can figure out a way to give semi accurate numbers of the savings on the front side based on mileage and actual savings when the trip consultant had set up the trip for you would go a long way to getting return customers. Offering travel insurance that actually does something (versus what most of the common carriers offer) might worthwhile, especially for complex fare hacking trips split across several carriers. The biggest issue with the travel industry is a lack of transparency - none of the existing online services really help with that. I thought the same thing - I think its a limitation of the digitization of the original image. Probably consultancy, there is always a need for executive consultants. It takes a certain amount of bluntness to shake people out of 'the process' and get them to pay attention to the actuality of whats going on. I've seen many companies where everyone is following process, and doing their job, yet nothing gets done, or worse, there is no quality improvement. Yes, exactly. It's not really the insurers that are causing the cost rise, its the systemic imbalances and cost shifting - by taking cost shifting out, we can reduce the cost for each person who is actually paying. Exactly - There is no universal truth involving pretty much anything/ I dont see anything really strange about that. If the issue is that all of the existing gear is wideband and you need to send something narrowband - build a narrowband exciter, use an upconverter to drive the wideband amp. PCM/FSK-AM/PM doesnt seem to be really a complicated thing. Its a pretty easy way to send data, and should be build-able. http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/login.jsp?tp=&arnumber=109174... I wish I knew more about what the specific difficulty was. How hard would it be for access to be granted to the DSN? The challenge to build the transmission equipment does not seem insurmountable nor even particularly hard. It's the logistics and red tape to make it happen. I'd also like to point out, that this satilite will be doing a near earth flyby - you could probably get away with something smaller, maybe even a 3.5m dish versus a you know, 70m dish. Would you even need a 61.7 db gain antenna? It's going to be doing a near earth flyby. The red tape isnt moving the dish - its getting someone to agree to let them mount a feedhorn for the proper band, and the needed radio hardware. Moving the dish to me seems like the least difficult part, as it pales in the complexity to mounting the hardware. For what its worth both Voyager probes feature S-Band Antennas - I have trouble believing we cant talk to those either on S-Band. I wonder if the russians might have something helpful for this task, or have something already fitted out for S-Band. well, other than 0db gain antenna on the sat. But, ideally, if we can hear it, all we need to do its match the equivalent ERP on this end that the sat is sending (gain of the TX antenna on the sat, plus the minimum gain of the RX antenna required to successfully receive) it should work. Yes, this. I'd actually argue that the RMBK-1000 reactor is not horrifically unsafe, so long as it's operated within its design envelope - which is to say, for example, not overriding the automated safety systems. Had it been built with a containment vessel, I'd even argue it was within the safety margins of western reactors. Chernobyl was incompetent crew largely, taking a design well outside of its normal safety margins by shutting down nearly every safety system the reactor had - these choices compounded the design limitations of the reactor. Under no circumstances should the control rods have been removed all the way from the reactor - this single action caused the meltdown (combined with the graphite tips on the control rods). We know the risks of nuclear power, if you do it wrong it does kill people, and salts the earth in the vicinity of the unit for generations. This is better in my opinion than killing people who live in the vicinity of a power plant as a course of normal operation. Quote from the linked comments. "The problem is that Microsoft is like a broken record. No matter what the question is their answer is always the same. Windows. Need a phone OS? - Windows Need a Tablet OS? - Windows Need a Desktop OS? - Windows Need a Server OS? - Windows Windows, Windows, Windows. It's supposed to be all things to all people. And it just doesn't work anymore. You're right, on the desktop nothing beats Windows. Even on the Server Windows is fine. But when they try to force Windows on to phones and tablets everything starts to fall apart. It isn't suited for mobile devices. It's too big, to bloated for mobile. And it's interface is terrible for mobile, but great for the desktop. So they come out with a new interface that's fine for phones but sucks on a desktop. JUST STOP THE INSANITY. You are exactly right. Focus Windows on productivity and the corporate market. If Microsoft feels that they have to get into mobile fine, come out with a mobile OS. But don't throw out the baby with the bath water. Leave the damn desktop alone." In short, Windows 8 solved no real pressing problems for users - it solved - or was supposed to solve problems for Microsoft - which is to say a lack of penetration in what all the kids these days (and pundits) say is the environment of the future - mobile. Microsoft has, and will have the enterprise and most of the desktop market locked up for the near future - for all the apps out there for whichever mobile platform, they pale in software for PC and the overall power and usability of the traditional desktop/laptop computer paradigm - and likely will for the foreseeable future. Probably not. This is about the myopic quarter to quarter focus on profits by the market, the stock market in the last 30 years has been increasingly unable to to focus on the long game - if it does generate income or profit by the next quarter, its rubbish. This attitude has wormed its way all through the economy, its part of why its hard to get a company to promote from within - they expect their employees to come from the outside with all the tool/skills/knowledge to hit the road running - even if they are at a significant disadvantage in actually understanding a companies operations. It used to be you could get an entry level job and company X, and expect a regular set of promotions up the chain, now, to get that promotion, you need to go work some place else almost. You sorta made my point for me. My argument is that the market wants quarter to quarter growth over stability. There are many industries that are stable, generate lots of revenue, are profitable, but do not generate high stock prices because of no growth, like: Truck Stops Utilities Tire Companies Banks Insurance My argument is before the mid 80's - the focus was on the dividend not on the stock price itself, IMO, buying and selling based on stock price, rather than earning disbursed to shareholders, is merely speculation, rather than investing. I'd caution against anyone from applying anything from this article as a universal truth. For Example: Changing Jobs every 6 months - The economy has been shit for 5 years - and unless you have spent your whole career in the Bay Area - you're likely to have been job hopping from contract to contract. Commute - again, this is highly tied to which market you're in. An hour away in Seattle is a doable commute - its either 30 miles (if going to Seattle) or up to 60 miles (if heading away). Followup to Interview - I used to do this - but after getting no reply 90% of the time, I stopped. I now only do this if I'm really, really interested. Typically something that makes me really interested is a great resume builder, salary or benefits - I try not to apply for jobs that I don't find interesting from a technology level. On a personal note: Lack of personalized cover letter - I've been in the position where applying for work was more like an assembly line - How personalized should it be? I have a form letter I modify light for each job I apply for - I'd be leery of any employer that expects me to write an essay of ball gargling - The cover letter IMO should exclaim my strengths to the job - not why I want to work for you - I want to work for you, because the work sounds interesting, and for one reason or another, I'm in a the market for a job. The Good - Listen to your intuition - I think this is great advice - but only listen when its screaming - not just when you meet someone different then you. A warning, intuition is how you judge that 'fit to culture' - If your intuition says too many people are off - the problem isn't the candidates, its your culture. That kinda wage raise is impressive - at one company I was at we had the " raise" - which is to say, take a job at another firm, get a 50% pay bump, then come back to and get another job. The short timer thing though sucks, I've only left one job for a raise - the rest were for layoff, work conditions, and one honest to god firing (I was the wrong person for the role). I'd personally love to come and work in India for a year, just for the cultural experience. It's still not cheap - Here in Seattle. Companies like google cause a salary imbalance here - they pay Bay Wages - in seattle. Yes, this. +1 just for 'mental antibodies' Show me how Comcast and Time Warner Compete? They have 100% non-overlapping service areas. If anything, I'd expect prices to stay the same, because they have far greater leverage over the other media companies. No. I believe in the concept of a natural monopoly for most utilities though - Building outside plant is horrendously expensive - it to me makes as much sense to have multiple cable providers as it does multiple sets of power/telephone/water/sewer infrastructure. I'd even like to see a fewer wireless carriers (consider that each for carrier are spending billions of dollars to roll out what amount to essentially identical network infrastructure often even from the same vendors - how on earth does that even begin to make sense? We - the rate payer ends up paying for it in the end thru higher rates - economy of scale is a thing, and it works. Having been in the industry for about 2 years now, looking at the spectrum, I believe that we have enough for two, possibly three really competitive national wireless carriers - as in a complete nation wide footprint. That means 20x20 LTE even in rural areas, plus whatever 2g (CDMA 1x or GSM) tech you need for circuit switch voice, and whatever legacy 3g you need too (EDGE and HSDPA or EV-DO), with the eventual goal of multiple 20x20 or 40x40 carriers once we can replace all the legacy stuff - but consider the current for a moment, that Sprint in Seattle on 1900 mhz only has 20 mhz duplex, and nothing on 800 at all - this is excluding the acres on 2.5, because of the obvious limitations of use with atmospheric issues. That said - the only way natural monopolies do not become abusive natural monopolies is thru intense and careful regulation - mostly by setting a fixed rate of return for the infrastructure, and then building rates from that. It would be to take something like what the UK did - have an entity that doesnt own the network itself do the retail sales, and lease a portion of the network, or simply build multiple networks, its a much harder thing to do with cable than phones. We're going to be stuck with LTE for at least another 10 years - the big four can't really afford to upgrade the network again sooner than that - LTE for most of the carriers is a forklift upgrade - not just adding some cards and calling it good. Consider that for the carrier that I work for - the equipment was installed originally in the 1996/97 timeframe, and while there has been some upgrades for EV-DO - the equipment and cabinets are largely of that generation. I've seen what government owned telecoms look like. I'll just say no, private is better. Compare historical AT&T/Bell System to any of the government owned telecoms in the Americas. Agreed - and if spectrum were unlimited - there would be no limits to the number of providers in the wireless markets - beyond the obvious - multiple sets of hardware most often at the same cell sites as other providers hardware. I don't like government monopoly owned telecommunications infrastructure - I'd rather see something larger scale and privately owned, regulated monopolies are OK, unregulated ones are not. I dont think it is - here at least, the costs are huge. >> I'd even like to see a fewer wireless carriers (consider that each for carrier are spending billions of dollars to roll out what amount to essentially identical network infrastructure often even from the same vendors) > The identical network infrastructure argument only works if you assume it's a big part of the cost. I don't think that's true, only a fraction of your cell phone bill is spent building or maintaining the network. > The tiny cost savings we would get by eliminating competition in Wireless aren't worth the huge increases in cost we'd undoubtedly have to pay in extra profit to those same organizations. > We only have to look at Cable / DSL to see how that ends. Or look at wireless carrier pricing before T-Mobile woke up and actually started to compete. It's not a coincidence that Sprint, AT&T and Verizon all dropped their prices as soon as T-Mobile woke up. They aren't eating those costs, every non-Sprint carrier can drop prices and still record millions of dollars in profit, even with their existing spectrum footprint, because their primary infrastructure costs are actually very low in comparison to the rates they charge for service. You missed the other argument I made, you know at the bottom. If pricing was regulated - as in the old days, based on rate of return - this strategy would work, if the carriers are left up to their own devices, they will just try to extract the greatest dollar they can out of the rate paying public. - - - >> Having been in the industry for about 2 years now, looking at the spectrum, I believe that we have enough for two, possibly three really competitive national wireless carriers - as in a complete nation wide footprint > I don't know where you get that. We have four carriers now, and none of them are hurting for spectrum, except in a handful of specific markets that are interrupted by other players or outside forces. > Seattle, for instance, has plenty of spectrum. However, some of it is being hoarded for speculation (Allen/Vulcan Inc sitting on 700a in Seattle and Portland comes to mind, or Dish sitting on nationwide AWS, or Sprint sitting on tons of 2.5ghz). If the unused spectrum becomes used, and the smaller carriers like US Cellular / Leap / Cincinnati Bell merge into T-Mobile / Sprint, everyone has a pretty decent playing field in every market nationwide, and there's plenty of spectrum for 4 nationwide carriers nationwide. 2.5 works great in a dense metro area, where you have the customers required to support the density to pay for the much higher required number of cell sites, clearwire has done wonders with it. 2.5 doesnt work anywhere near as well outside the urban core. I read a study that right now there is 350 mhz of spectrum nation wide for cellular/mobile - I did a back of the napkin and figure you need about 100 mhz in a market (the largest ones) to make it really viable (by viable I mean wired equivalent speeds). I personally believe in something of a use it or loose it concept for spectrum, either offer service on it, or you loose the right to do so, it's a public resource, not private property. - - - >> but consider the current for a moment, that Sprint in Seattle on 1900 mhz only has 20 mhz duplex, and nothing on 800 at all - this is excluding the acres on 2.5, because of the obvious limitations of use with atmospheric issues. > If your in the industry, you know that Sprint's problems are not spectrum related, they're all execution related. Sprint's got plenty of capacity on spectrum, they are just too cheap to deploy it properly. Seattle is a perfect example of this. > There are no "atmosphereic issues" with 2.5. There's no issues with 2.5, period. The only issue is Sprint trying to pretend 2.5ghz is 800mhz, and deploying 2.5 as if it is as low as 800mhz. The spectrum is not at fault, Sprint is. Seattle's a major market, there's no reason downtown Seattle doesn't have Sprint small-cell 2.5 radios on every street intersection in the whole city - it would allow Sprint to offer multiple 20x20 LTE carriers on 2.5ghz to work properly, even indoors, throughout the majority of the city. Sprint phones shouldn't be using data over PCS in the urban area, except in the most strenuous of situations (deep underground). > Seattle's density supports this deployment, the tech is easily available, off the shelf equipment. Sprint's just not executing properly. Hopefully, SoftBank forces them to wake up and care about fixing their service. There are most certainly more atmospheric issues with 2.5 compared to 1900, in so much as higher frequency brings more atmospheric attenuation. That aside - Sprint has not even begun 2.5 deployment yet, not even close, none of the NV sites have 2.5 on the tower, and the only 2.5 is the legacy clearwire network, and if you look at the NV documentation thats been leaked/released it shows that Sprint is expecting a lower overall footprint for 2.5 compared to either 1900 or 800 (in the markets that have enough 800 mhz spectrum to be viable) - without the PCS G-Block Sprint would have a hell of a time deploying LTE. Another factor complicating the LTE deployment, I've been told that EV-DO Carrier demand is well outstripping LTE demand - even in areas where LTE is fully turned up - I suspect this is because of the demand MNVO's place on Sprints network - I was also told that something like 20-40% of the devices on the network are 1x only (I wish I could remember the exact number, I know it was large enough to surprise the hell out of me). Supposedly microcells are part of the future planning for Sprint, but nothing is past the post yet, which will solve the problems in the downtown core. The problem of course is out in the suburbs which is where the majority of the population lives - the density is simply not present to make microcells pay, you need more spectrum at 1900 or 800 to really make it fly, and even if you had more 1900, in many places you'd still need more infill sites to make it really work. For what its worth, no one up here is doing wide deployment of microcells, unless you count all the in-building systems out there, they are sort of the exception. In my opinion are privately owned, public assets, and while the network is privately owned, the spectrum is held in trust for the public, and duly licensed to the carriers to provide service. I don't believe in nationalization - I do believe private ownership with open access requirements is a better answer. I agree in re microcells - frequency reuse only gets you so far - and is only helpful at the levels proposed in very very dense places - like NYC/Tokyo/SF/London Just because the files are not open, doesn't mean we don't have some idea whats in them. I was speaking in general terms. Do I think MLK was? No. Do I think there are secrets in his files that would be embarrassing to him and his kin? Oh sure, there are no saints, and everyone has a couple of skeletons. The assertion in this thread what that he was a pervert - that does not inherently equal pedophile it likely means pervert by the standard of the time - which by todays standards would be merely kinky. The problem is, in most states its stupidly easy to get a TRO - you dont need proof, just fill out a form, indicate you feel threatened by someone, pay the fee, boom, TRO. I'm gonna point out, getting a TRO in many states is as easy as filling out a form, and paying a fee. All you need to do is state you feel threatened by someone. Had this exact experience for.. well, 2006-2010 or so, I too have a very common name. Couldnt check in online. Unable to use Kiosk to check in Had to show ID at counter. Had SSSS on every boarding pass - with random extra inspection for every tlight Then one day, it stopped, now knock on wood I can check in online or at kiosk. Windows 98, Really? wow. I'm just, wow. Like I can understand an ancient version of Solaris, or Windows NT4 - but Windows 98? just wow. Yes, Agreed. That depends on the state. Often that licensing is done at a statewide level, rather than city by city. The franchise agreement is to actually offer service - not to place crap on the poles. No - no need to use software - most people can file using 1040EZ paper form, or other free online e-file. This is both creepy, and really cool. I'd rather have ads that might be relevant than ones that are not. This stuff can be done while keeping peoples privacy intact. tr and lsof OSX is unix, in the same way that Solaris or AIX is, but I'd have split them out in a separate section for OSX specific Unix software. Emacs User at Work: http://fc04.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2011/029/8/3/emacs_user_at... "It’s when we hired full time employees immediately without that trial period where I’ve really regretted things. You go through so much extra work to figure out insurance and stock plans, only to want to fire the person in a couple months." It's very very hard to get people to move from one contract to another without some sort of permanence, I'm a contractor now, why would I change to another contract even for slightly more pay? I'm content here, more or less, offer me a fulltime job, sure, I'd move - but not for another contract. You've clearly not spent enough alcohol fueled time debauching yourself. Ribald, insensitive, bad humor happens when you put booze and a bunch of middle aged men in a room. They only committed one sin - Greed. It's a pretty normal human affliction, and in large I agree with you - while the effects were catastrophic - the actual act is not something that should be demonized, the people are not the problem, the system is - fixing the system is the solution, not blaming the people. I'd go on even further and argue this kind of behavior is normal, and even healthy, and seen in any 'insider' group - I run SciFi conventions (so do nearly all my friends), and we were building a cards against humanity work-alike, many of the jokes were jibes against the attendees or the community within which we operate, no one thought anything of it, because its a cathartic way of dealing with the stresses of our hobby, in their case, its a cathartic way of dealing with the stresses of a very very stressful industry, and ribald and in poor taste it is - but as often is the case, poor taste can be quite funny. I'd actually argue the tech center should leave the bay area and colonize a part of the country where land is cheap and plentiful - it could be an existing metro, like DFW - or something completely greenfield. Moving to SC has one big issue - Highway 17. It's one of the most dangerous highways in the State of California - even worse I'd argue than CA-152. I'd argue that working with a team is a more valuable tool than any other particular skill. You can always code the stuff you want as hobbies - I grow my skills on my own, then look for jobs to help me bring that stuff onto my resume. System Z is just about the polar opposite of RISC - but point taken. Balance of Payments. Bay Area and LA Area pay the bulk of the taxes in the state - there is a net transfer of money from the rich counties on the coast to the poorer ones in the north and east, in short, it would take counties that get many services paid for and supplied by the state as a whole, to a level that could possibly resemble a third world country. California is unmanageable - but its because via the initiative process the voters have boxed everything into a corner. I'll use finch over ssh I agree! A focus on sustainability is a good one, carbon sequestration sounds like a great way to spend untold amounts of money. That said, I'm pretty sure climate change is happening - but I'm not really certain its anthropogenic, and even if it is, I don't think the genie can be put back in the bottle anyhow. I think focusing on carbon seemingly alone is a distraction, Using less resources to do a thing is a good thing anyhow, its cheaper in the long run, carbon alone doesn't get us there. its an open-ended question/answer, honestly. Why should I care? holishitwow. That was really good. My first mouse was a Mouse Systems serial mouse - in my 286 - today I picked up a NIB PS/2 Mouse Systems mouse with pad. yes, they are. I'd neither suggest that, or that Jobs was one. He was both very very smart, very very lucky, and good fortune to know to get it right on the first time - even if the first time wasn't the right time for the product (see NeXT) Dude is dying - who exactly are you to criticize the way he wants to spend his days with his family? Beyond that, my mom took me to Disneyland when I was about 9 - while I could tell it was a constructed environment, it's a very very pretty one, and I make life experiences I still think about now, some 22 years later. I'm 31, and while I don't have kids, I dont have life insurance either, beyond a small 10k policy - no one expects to die younger than 40, and really, if you'd read, you'd see he recently changed jobs, hence the lack of insurance - beyond that, if you hadn't noticed its been a hard couple of years recently when it comes to the job market and economy, many parts of the country have only started to recover in the last 18 months. HN is a community first, I wish people would remember this - I'd rather see posts about us taking care of our own, rather than: Check out my new app its X for Y New Agile Ruby Framework.. Or any other number of buzzword compliant posts. You implied you're in Texas - you may wish to look into natural burial - I don't know where in Texas you are - but I was considering it for myself. http://www.eloisewoods.com/index.html is one option - but there are many others - it comes with the advantage of being much cheaper - you could even dig.. well you know. I hope you beat it dude, I really do, I'm 31 - 4 years ain't that much. Yes, but the FDR is designed to survive multi-g impacts - how well would that smart phone survive? Not unless the transmissions include that data, its not discernible from a single sat, beyond wide geographic area. ""The iPhone will not substantially alter the fundamental structure and challenges of the mobile industry," Charles Golvin, an analyst at Forrester Research Inc., said in a report this month." I'd actually argue that the quote above is substantively correct (in the US). 2006: Phones are sold largely on contract, by various retailers, including the manufacturer; churn is driven largely on pricing, network performance, and network-effect factors. 2014: Phones are sold largely on contract, by various retailers, including the manufacturer; churn is driven largely on pricing, network performance, and network-effect factors. The iPhone changed the experience of using the mobile phone, and what we did on our mobile phones - not how we buy them, nor did the change the base reason people switch carriers - not in the long game anyhow, people still switch because of dissatisfaction with their existing provider, or that the grass appears greener on the other side. Yeah, I second this, I've learned to phrase questions in such a way when dealing with government employees, where they can give approval, without having to either say yes or no - in other words phrase it in such a way that they dont have to say no - No with the government is the default answer. I wonder how much of it had to do with how graphically inconsistent Android was until 4.x I had Stock Android 1.x and 2.x devices (before switching to iOS), and there was no consistent UI anywhere to be found, even different parts of the base system did things differently, not to mention non-scrollable UI elements that'd render off partially the screen (parts of the menus for example) - and thats just the interface - while android is better now, you still have the supposed fragmentation issues, and the fact that if you have a single device that has some issues with your app, you can end up with comments and ratings that reflect that minority rather than the majority of users for whom it works fine. Dealers of Lightening ( http://www.amazon.com/Dealers-Lightning-Xerox-PARC-Computer/... ) is a great book about the contributions and founding of Xerox PARC. Brainstorming is where the initial kernel of good ideas comes from though, you take something from person A/B/C and combine it with your own - and that synergy is the source of good ideas. I've run events like this for over 10 years now, a couple pointers; * Negotiate payment terms that require a deposit, but for which the balance is paid after the event. * Always have a meeting with hotel management pre-event, review the contract, make sure everything is correct. * Double Check your BEO's as part of the setup process - again, verify to contract. * In the event of a dispute, have a copy of your countersigned written contract at hand, and hold them to it, with all the yelling, screaming and waiving of arms required - and by all means, escalate, escalate, escalate (to the most senior person the hotel can muster). Make them stick to the contract terms, I've had hotels many times try to change the game before it was done being played, I've had 10k plus credits to us before. There will be a flood of "Should X have bought Oculus Rift" articles - almost anyone should have bought Oculus, but I suspect Facebook has a plan, and while I don't know what Facebook is planning, but I suspect its going to be just as much of a surprise as this purchase was. For what its worth, I'm more comfortable with the relationship I have with Facebook that with Google, because at least its clear on the surface what that relationship is - in the same vein I'm more comfortable with my relationship with Apple, compared to Google, for the same reasons. I've had the opposite, the service has improved since MS bought them, I suspect thats because I'm in the continental US, and networkwise close to the datacenters Microsoft/Skype is using. I'm somewhat amazed at a 200m valuation. I'm looking at this as a strategic investment for Facebook, It's not core to their existing business - but might given then a foothold in the 'next big thing'. My knowledge of what Facebook is doing, allows me to constrain my relationship with the platform in such a way that I have the upper hand of control. I'm strange though, I actually like targeted advertising - I'd rather have ads for something I might actually possibly buy, over say, tampons. I think the concept of augmented reality that things like google glass offers a greater chance of finding purchase over any fully immerse environment short of one that operates in something akin to dream space. Google is still outrunning their 'don't be evil' motto from years ago - and the relationship between Google and my data is murkier, or 'feels' so, because Google just started out with search, then added all this other 'stuff' and the associated privacy difficulties thereof. With Facebook, from day one, I knew what my relationship with them was, I knew they were out to make a buck with my data, and I needed to be careful what I let loose into their platform. With Apple, the relationship is even clearer, I buy things from them, they sell me a device, and some minimal services with it, for a fixed price, and the relationship doesnt generally change over the term of me owning that device. The conclusion I came to years ago was that I should care about how much I eat more than what, so long as I'm filling my core nutritional requirements - doing so I lost 120 lbs. The 'Fountainhead' reference annoyed me, privately funded police and courts are not a real objective as per randian ideology - Rand was an objectivist, not a Libertarian. The rest of the article is just stupid stereotypes piled one on another. Slashdot effect all over again There are many things that could be considered wrong with HN - the stuff he is complaining about, IMO - are not really important - HN for the most part serves the interests of the community in which is operates. That said, there are things that irritate the hell out of me about the community; banality, lack of relevance in posts, lack of clear context in posts. To expand - the posts that I consider banal - 'New framework for X' or 'Blan, a X for Y.' - Relevance Posts, the post that was about the libertarian police force that briefly surfaced on the front page today - Context Posts that require you to know all about the subject before you can understand the posts content (the one about the game jam, or the one about keybase.io) in most cases I've never heard of whatever it is that they are posting about, and I need to try to glean context from the post - which is often missing. I don't begrudge the above, its as much a part of the local flavor as anything else is - so I accept it as a part of being in one of the best places to get interesting tech news on the net. I like this! Laptop as a service :-D I'd rather hire people who are good, and can do the job, rather than snag the all-stars. Driven people with practical applicable experience are all the more worthwhile to me than folks who while smarter and brighter, often need an external source of motivation beyond a paycheck. I'm an openly gay male, I came out at 15. Why should there be social or employment consequences - in my mind this is just as bad as when employers fire employees for being gay. I'm openly gay - I came out at 15. I agree with you, I don't think this is a scandal, its effectively mob/victors justice - why should there be social or employment consequences for expressing profoundly held religious beliefs - in my mind this is just as bad as when employers fire employees for being gay. Now personally, I'm a about as religious as a door stop and honestly in my opinion most of the arguments against gay marriage either seem to boil down to "I think its icky" or "My deity tells me its bad", that said, I think anyone ought to be welcome to hold opinions contrary to mine, and speak them in the public square without fear of reprisal - so long as they are not violating the law, or actively discriminating personally. It's essentially a mob of hysteria - using pitchforks, torches and the protection of the mob to uphold standards they would be unwilling to stand up for directly - by making a bunch of noise online, they can assuage their individual guilt for their inaction elsewhere. I don't think it is, honestly. Nothing about his desire to suppress gay marriage speaks to how to treats people and individuals, nor how Mozilla would - look at Bill Marriott he also contributed to Prop 8, and Marriott is very well regarded for benefits to gays and lesbians (100% score as of 2014 for Marriott International) - in short, just because your personal views are X doesn't mean that X is the view your business will take. If we don't defend the rights for free speech any of us could run the risk of being on the wrong end of that knife in the future. Exercising Freedom of Speech and Association shouldn't open one up to trial by public opinion - we did this once before, McCarthyism and the blacklist in the 50's - I'd rather not see us ever return to an era where there are bogymen lurking in the corners. As much as I strongly disagree with the Prop 8 folks, I think resorting to trying them in the court of public opinion is fundamentally wrong. No-Fault divorce has done more to harm heterosexual marriage than gay marriage ever will. California does have gay marriage now, Prop 8 was overturned on appeal. You need to disconnect the argument from the person making it, they are not one in the same. Most of the people who argue against gay marriage are fine honorable people, who are very sincere in their beliefs - but totally dead wrong when measured to any objective standard. Being wrong doesn't make you reprehensible, it just makes you wrong - to borrow from judeo-chrisian ideology "Hate the sin, not the sinner". No. C and Assembly are not that far apart, using ASM requires knowing Assembly. It's not my job to pay for others children, not thru direct taxation. I already pay a whole bunch of incidental socitial costs, and I'm OK with that - It's part of being a good citizen. I chose not to breed - I have bad genetic stock, I don't think its wise for me to contribute my portion forward. The only issue I had with domestic partnerships was the lack of federal recognition, and the lack of universal recognition by other states. I'm also from LA - and I'd never use it in that context. I'd never say I'm looking for a gig, I might describe my existing job as a gig. It'd be useful to deal with moving moving, like city to city or region to region, this looks like something for in the city. > - I don't believe that a Bachelors degree necessarily limits your career options. Holding a four year degree basically means you are trainable, committed, and follow the rules. The ideal employee. I'm willing to disagree on this point. Some employers wont touch you for entry level roles, because they assume with a degree, you'd jump ship for something better paying in your field at the first chance. I got a job at a start up once - it lasted 3 days - I still dont understand what happened. I had been laid off from my job, decided to take a stab at relocating to the bay area, took me a couple weeks, landed a job at a storage startup - I was a contractor, but it was contract to hire - the interview was kinda odd - normal technical questions, then a very strange interview with the manager which mostly consisted of "when can you start?" I'd like to point out - this was not some fly-by-night sort of deal - they we're clearly not on a shoestring budget, well funded by major industry players, offering a unique solution, and it was the true startup environment - replete with: engineers who looked as if they rolled out of bed, and into work - friday night beer, free lunch, well stocked soda, nap and gaming rooms, and of course the obligatory fooseball table. My title was to be "Senior Technical Support Engineer" - on my first day I was handed an HP laptop - with nothing but Windows on it, and a manual for their product, which I read in about 2 hours (I read fast, and it was only about an inch/inch and a half thick) - my training consisted mostly of watching the guy next to me do calls - most of which have to do with license entitlement issues and anything beyond that or simple config issues, required come cli-fu to fix. The next day, was really just a repeat of the first - I still don't have an ID badge or a phone at my desk - so I keep watching and listening to these calls, I also took a note on hoe the majority of the office was dressed - pretty casual - Asking my peers about Putty and other apps, I asked, and was told I have local admin on the box, for office, go thru IT - anything else, just install yourself - so I then installed putty and winscp, and went thru the rigmarole to get office installed. The next day I showed up in toe shoes, jeans and a button up shirt - as I don't really have much in the way of dressy working clothes (plus they advertise not having a dress code on their website) - but my toe shoes are brown leather - so I figure it cant be that bad, I get a sneery look from the manager and an aside comment - later that day, I was called in - and told that this would be my last day - she said I spent the whole day on Facebook (at that time I didnt even have one), dressed unprofessionally and installed "advanced software" on my laptop - I of course protested, and indicated what I saw for dress - and then told her what I was told about tools - she told me I didn't need putty, that was too advanced. That was that - and of course the consulting house that sent me in basically looked at me as mud - I got fired on the third day; who gets fired on the third day? - eventually 2 other people had a similar experience and I was in good graces again. The moral of this is - its not enough to worry about HR - HR is one problem, you also need to make sure you have a sane way of onboarding people, no matter if your giant or not. TMYK - I love stuff like this :-P It's not like the original article was chock full of substance in the first place, which is why its even more annoying. it was that I'd installed an SSH client at all. She told me I didn't need 'advanced tools like that' to do my job. I don't think the need for sleep is a constant. It can vary season by season, and week by week. Sometimes I find I need 8 or more hours to feel rested, others I wake up on my own after four and feel as though I've slept a full night. Usually I run at about 7.5 hours, and thats when my body wakes me up. When I was working graveyard I found I needed more sleep overall than when I work days. I strongly believe that there is only enough spectrum for three strong national carriers - Right now neither T-Mobile or Sprint has enough spectrum capacity on their own to be truly competitive, with AT&T and even more so, Verizon, if Sprint and T-Mo were to merge, it'd be a very different picture. You cannot built a nationwide LTE network on 2.5 ghz - the required tower density is too great to ever get a workable rate of return on investment. You need 1900 mhz or lower - even at 1900, the tower spacing is close. Ideally, you'd have a mix of 800/1900 with 800 mhz providing a single LTE carrier, and a single 2G/3G carrier (or more where spectrum allows), then 1900 and 2.5 would be used in rural, urban and suburban areas to provide real capacity where needed. Sprint is doing this now, rolling out LTE and CDMA 1x on the former iDEN spectrum as it rolls out LTE, with CDMA2000 and LTE on 1900 as well - then in some places the 2.5 network from clearwire is being overlayed on top - the CW network has been upgraded for LTE, and the 2.5 deployment is starting for the new LTE hardware as well. For true national reach though, they need more spectrum - its possible to provide at least 2/2mbps broadband to everyone nationwide - but not the way its being done - if this spectrum can be auctioned with some left aside for the smaller carriers, it might just change that game, otherwise merger is required. The article is statistically irrelevant - but feels right. I have many close friends, most of them are worlds away in terms of distance, and I don't hang out with many locals - sometimes I wonder if its Seattle, or something specific to my generation. I think the problem in the end is the narrowing definition of normal behavior. First it was ADD - adolescent boys who were fidgety and distractible now had an illness, previously this was considered normal for young boys - then we decided that people who are not as social, perhaps shy - were now ill as well, whereas before again, this was considered within the definition of normal human behavior. I'd argue he'll be viewed as a Henry Ford like figure - Important, but flawed. I'm game - I worked for a major national DSL provider doing field work, a major ISP doing support, and a major telecom carrier now doing field support. Which means deciding what an acceptable QoS is for those peak times - many of us think they decided too low - I personally think you should be able to get between 1/3 and 2/3rds (ideally around half) of 'peak' speeds on a sustained level at any time for any amount of time. It's just like the telephone network of yore, no single trunk was ever capacitied to mothers day call traffic - there were reroutes, and more than one path to any large point, so you'd get a lower quality of service, but the traffic would still get thru. How is someone being a daydreamer an illness? That was my point, more or less - without spelling it out. The feminization of young men is a huge issue, roughhousing for example is a normal activity for adolescent males. I might be alone in this sentiment, but.. I dont have a problem with unlimited money in politics so long as there is daylight - If you want to spend money performing what amounts to electioneering, I think your name should go public with the amount of your donation. Daylight by far is the best nostrum for corruption. I still sorta look at systemd as a solution looking for a problem. System V style init is just 'good enough' for most applications - and if there is anything I've found in my time, the only people more adverse to change then telecom folks are Unix system administrators. I've had 4 ThinkPads - T21, T42, R60, and now a T510 which I bought new in 2010. My plan is to buy a MacBook next time around, because when you look at price for performance, the MBP Retina blasts pretty much everything out of the water - even the T530 - Apples pricing over the last 4 years has come down, and Lenovo has stayed the same. There are two first would countries in the world comparable to the United States, and one of them is only an almost. Australia - Widely dispersed population, universal coverage hard to build out, environmental factors. Unlimited Voice/SMS/MMS 2.5gig data allotment - 121.73 USD (Telstra) Canada - Population in a small band near the border but many rural areas must be covered by mandate, universal coverage expensive to build out, environmental factors. Unlimited Voice/SMS/MMS 2 gig data allotment - 82.61 USD (Rogers Communications) United States - Population widely Scattered, many rural areas without significant infrastructure improvement raising construction cost for bearer facilities hence huge construction costs in 4g rollout. Unlimited Voice/SMS/MMS 2 gig data allotment - 75 USD (Verizon Wireless) Beyond the above - there has never been a time in the last 10 years where there was not a major network rollout in progress by the major carriers in the US, first they built the digital networks (96-2001) then the 2.5g rollout (EV-DO/EDGE (2001-2007) then the 3g Rollout (EV-DO Rev A and HSDPA) (2007 - 2009) now the 4g Rollout (WiMax then LTE) (2009 to Current). This has been the case world wide - but because of the geographical features of the US (higher construction costs and lower density) our telecom costs will always be higher than Europe and Asia. I did. On both of those maps LTE coverage covers but a fraction of the country, Verizon has rolled out LTE to about 90% of its network footprint ( http://media.idownloadblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Ve... ) and they are still in the midst of an active deployment - the sheer cost of this deployement is staggering - the figures I know, for the Samsung LTE hardware - just the hardware alone for a mid sized market, just 700 or so sites costs around 70 million dollars - thats ahead of installation/construction costs - which I'm estimating at somewhere between 100-150k a pop (assuming no structural mods are needed, and there are no construction charges to bring in new fiber backhaul) - figure the US has around 200,000 cell sites - I cant find out how many finland has - but just on the size 104k sq miles (about the size of colorado) I'd estimate no more than 2000 sites - probably less. No, but the places that HN commentators are likely to live, yes. The bigger the city, the more likely. I work for a major wireless carrier - we see this all the time with permitting - many of our rural sites dont even require a permit - we can just go out and swap the equipment on the pad, hand the new stuff on the tower. Our urban sites, some of them are just now getting permits that were applied for in 2011, not to mention the couple hundred bucks in fees (or more) to get said permits - all to simply change a bit of hardware bolted to a concrete pad - and on top, often costs for reinspection once were done bolting the new stuff on. Arguably I would could WiMax though, even though I might be the only one who does. For the past couple weeks I have been able to IM from inside the hangouts app to non-google XMPP users this includes the reverse, wherein I get notifications from them too. > That means the public is composed of blithering imbeciles who rally to inane causes without even understanding what's going on. This has been my overall experience when dealing with people on the internet or otherwise. I agree with you, for what its worth - Settlement only works if traffic is near symmetrical otherwise some money needs to change hands. It's just a matter of who is doing the paying for the extra bandwidth, it all has an incremental cost, and someone at least has to pay for the bearer. Often the US sites are actually right on the border - I know where several carriers are sited at the Blaine crossing, and both are within a couple block thereof. I've always told the soon to enter the job force something - "Pick two things, one is your passion, you should always follow it, the other is a practical skill you can always use to pay the bills - so yeah, go to school for game design, but pay close attention to those IT classes too, and you'll always have a job." It will, if you look at a long enough time scale - eg hundreds of years - the issue of course is we keep leaving more trash every year. The Bell System Logo is actually still being used by Verizon on payphones and hard hats (depending on region), it was used by Bell South until 2006, and currently all of the former RBOC's have the rights to use the logo, meaning SBC, CenturyLink and Verizon. Even the Saul Bass AT&T 'Deathstar' logo evolved subtly over time. I'd also love to see a mention of Paul Rand too, he did the IBM, UPS, Westinghouse, NeXT, and ABC logos for example. How many of our photos from today will be view able in 100 years? I worry we are entering into the start of a digital black hole as far as our history. We've done a wonderful job in ensuring that we can digitize everything, but not so good with reformatting it all as the march of technology moves on. Film and Silver prints, are quite durable comparatively. My argument is more - there will be a time in the future (probably in my lifetime) where there are no modern computers that can read jpeg - much less the multitude of raw formats so many people seem to want to store their images in. We've seen it with obsolete video tape formats, and other media too. The only real preservation method with digital is to keep it in either online storage, and then reformat it to whatever the current is - or transform it back to analog and store that. I'm just thinking about things like public records and archives for a start, personal images and data is another problem. I'd argue that's the problem with Linux, its trying very much to be all things, to all people, rather than a really good desktop system, a really good server system or a really good mobile system. We as a culture should be very afraid of our future if as a culture we treat anything out of the ordinary as a potential threat. It will mean the end of a creative vibrant society if this is left unchecked - we simply cannot walk thru life as if there /may/ be a boogyman around every corner. People need to be taught what reasonable risks are, and be better themselves at making good choices - moreover, we should all learn or be taught the difference between fear, and actual risk. The problem here isn't the government, it's just the canary in the mine for a far larger societal problem - the abject fear of anything and everything - in short, this never should have been reported in the first place, much less investigated. There is a whole lot of overlapping administravia, you don't need 2 full sized legal departments, finance groups, HR group, marketing groups, sales groups and so on. Some layoffs will happen. Very much so, yes. I didnt realize there was more at first, till I read the comments. awk+sed, perl, and python are at least somewhat universal - ocaml and haskell are not. Heck, awk+sed even more so, any unix system almost no matter how old, or odd has some version of those two tools on them. You cant make tech diversity by fiat however - it takes more people from those minorities showing interest an in essence, showing up. We are well represented by Southeast Asia, Asia, and I'd argue by women too (though probably not enough) - but again, IMO, the limits are a lack of candidates with a tech background or the drive/interest to learn (as well as good training programs for them to build real experience in), not by any inherent racism. FWIW, I'm in Seattle, and YMMV depending on which region of the world/country you're in. ftp://publications.ai.mit.edu/ai-publications/pdf/AIM-519A.pdf Lets take the case of a ThinkPad T510 vs a 2010 MBP, the thinkpad is going for 250-350+ (low of 100 for parts and a high of 600 for a refurb system), the MBP 450-600+ (250 for a low, and 1000 or so for a refurb system) - the Apple clearly has the better resale value - that said, I think anyone buying a piece of consumer electronics for resale value is a fool - I recently bought a rMBP, simply because power for performance was better bar none than anything else I could find in the same class (read ThinkPad) - plus I wanted to give OSX a try, I wanted a Unix workstation that could run MS Office (I need Excel - and LO/OO Calc is not a suitable replacement) so that basically left MacOS - and I'm supremely impressed. There are really only 3 or 4 viable high speed rail corridors in the US: Northeast Corridor (Boston - Washington DC) LA - SF Chicago - NYC and possibly Seattle - Portland Beyond that, the traffic densities present are not enough to justify high speed rail - not to mention, even nonstop at 200 mph from LA/SF/Seattle to Chicago (or any eastern point) is a minimum of 10 hours in transit, versus 3ish to fly. Points north of seattle would be added later, after the initial pdx leg - I dont consider the border to be a huge issue. I dont think you can add enough traffic by going cross country, not to Chicago to tie to the eastern network. again, I'd add that post PDX-SEA - You could call the whole thing the Cascadia Corridor, and eventually take it as far south as medford. I think Chicago-NYC is doable because of the traffic densities present. - There are some other worthwhile routes too - Check out the ridership table here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Amtrak_routes I'd also suggest that CDMA2000 is at least slightly more secure that GSM - its somewhat harder to perform a man in the middle on. For the less money, I'd go buy a cannon fixed lens point and shoot - or for about the same money I'd go get two real cameras, and EOS-1 Film, and a EOS-5D with a 50mm f/1.8 to share among them. Leica makes a very pretty camera - but not one I'd purchase for the task of making pictures. I edit a webpage, its a modern page with php, JSON and jquery elements - but the large majority of it is in html, markdown does nothing for me, because I'd need to convert it anyhow back to HTML for the webserver. Markdown however would be very useful in replacing the groff code used in man files for example, if perhaps it were a little more expressive - it has the advantage of being easy to parse when not render, and easy to build a renderer for. I knew one PeopleSoft project that was in the implementation phase for over a decade - it was a college that was still running part of its payroll system on a HP3000 - the new PeopleSoft system had some issue implementing the complex pay rules for classified staff. More people bought 1958 Edsels than 1958 Volkswagen Beetles too, that doesn't make the Edsel a better car than the Beetle. Popularity is not the same thing as value. Simple, less than 1% of the population can hear the difference (and I'm not convinced the remainder isn't sampling error.) - I'm certain as soon as there is a overwhelming demand for it, Amazon will support it. I'd point out, that Apple doesn't event support its own lossless codec for downloads, and they are arguably the market leader. "About two years ago I sold my Lexus GS 300 and replaced it with a sleek single-speed Pure Fix commuter bike" This brought a vision of someone trying to descend from capitol hill here in seattle on a fixie (something I saw the last week) - a fixie, while still stupid is at least workable in LA (though I'd still never own one, I prefer gears), it still seems wholly impractical for seattle. neo-luddites perhaps, when I was an active cyclist a bit more than a decade ago the fixie was an unknown thing. There were single speed bikes then - the well known beach cruiser - it was a single speed, yes, but it also could idle along without peddling and had a rear drum brake - I can see a place for that kind of thing - no one has been able to explain to me how a direct drive fixed gear bicycle is better than even that option. I grew up in LA - Uber is a practical car replacement option if you stay largely within your neighborhood or city. This isn't how most people in the basin live however - many (if not most) live at least 10, but usually closer to 20-25 miles from work, and rely on the freeway to get them to work - 50+ miles a day even in an UberX is not practical from a cost basis - not when you consider the large number of people who don't go out and buy a large luxury car, but instead pick up a beater economy car from craigslist, or something that they bought new a decade or more prior. The comparison however does work when you consider someone who commutes under 10 miles each way a day, and buys a new car every 3-5 years. Yes. The cops really are that racist - I'm not black - I'm about as white as you can get even (somewhere in my history there is a Norwegian bachelor-farmer :-P) but I've asked my friends of color, how often they felt they had been pulled over because they were a person of color in a place where a person of color perhaps ought not be - and all of them, uniformly answered "Yes, at least once a year, often more" a decade ago when I still lived in the basin - I found 30 miles an hour bumper to bumper was a pretty normal commute - its better than seattle still :-P Agreed on the excessive graphical bling - it seems nice and useful otherwise. Macintosh Plus. I was an Android early adopter T-Mobile G1/G2, then a Windows Phone, then iPhone. It's true though, it is easy to update your own ROM, I have an HP Touchpad I run android on. I have all the control over my phone I desire to have, it does everything I could never need it to, I don't have to worry about my own ROM, or if updates to the system come, I press the update button when the phone tells me to do so, in short, I have the phone-appliance, a construct I am supremely happy with. Apple products only have three errors (in order of likelihood): 1) You did it wrong. 2) It doesn't do that. 3) and rarely, It's an honest to god bug. 95% of the problems I've ever had with my phone are fixed by turning it off, and turning it on again - this ease of use led me to buy a Mac, another choice I'm quite happy with, it all more or less just works - and with the Mac I have enough freedom to replace the built in apps that don't work with ones that do - Chrome/Thunderbird/Adium instead of Safari, Mail.app and iMessage. Sometimes the 50 dollar watch performs better than the 10k one - Rolexes keep lousy time. I personally am quite the fan of the Seiko 5, it works, keeps time (when I remember to set it after not wearing it for four days), and at the least it will act as a decent chronometer even if I've not set it, I can tell how much time has elapsed by looking at it twice. I don't know if I have a use case for the apple watch, I might buy one to try out, see if it works, but I will say -if nothing else, its uniformly a pretty object d'art. I'd not go that far - look at the Seiko 5, which I find more attractive than most of the Kinetic models anyhow, and gray market in the US, its much much cheaper, several years ago I bought two identical ones for my 30th birthday, should last me my lifetime. Yes, this. You just gave a far better explanation than I did in favor of the appliance-phone device. NFC is still a solution looking for a problem. It's the same issue really with EMV cards in the US, no one will install readers until there are cards, no one will issue cards until there are readers. At the core of it, the physical card standard is 'good enough' for most people. Perhaps I should have prefaced in the original post "In the US..." It's not 'the 60' It's 12 Cases: Stainless (38/42mm) Black Stainless (38/42mm) Aluminum (38/42mm) Space Gray Aluminum (38/42mm) Rose Gold (38/42mm) Yellow Gold (38/42mm) and 15 bands: 5 Colors of Sport Band (Pink, Blue, White, Green, and Black) Classic Buckle Milanese Loop Modern Buckle (Pink, Blue and Brown) Leather Loop (Stone, Brown and Blue) Stainless Steel Link (Stainless and Black) In reality, I'd bet when this thing ships it's going to be the 12 watch sku's then an additional 15 sku's for the band,, the combination thereof to be assembled at the point of purchase. You cant expect to package an sell any watch like a phone, it can't be one size fits all, not to get any real market penetration, because with jewelry, the technology takes a back seat to the appearance. This would be more helpful is it was indexed to inflation, the numbers are quite misleading otherwise. I'd argue there are several really important telephones: Automatic Electric 34/40 - First one without a subset - Western Electric 500 - First self compensating network - Western Electric 1500/2500 - First with TouchTone - Motorola StarTac - First Clamshell Phone - Apple iPhone - First Modern Smartphone. Out of all of these landmarks, the AE 34/40, WE 500/1500/2500 and the Motorola StarTac are the most important ones. The AE 34/40 was the first what we'd identify as a modern phone in appearance, the WE 500/1500/2500, is so iconic that anyone could identify it as a telephone, it also was a huge leap forward in transmission quality, and the StarTac was the first of billions of clamshell phone, the thing most identifiable as a cell phone to anyone shown an abstract drawing. I'd argue that the 500 is more iconic however than anything to come before or after it. Fair, fair. The first touch tone phones only had 10 buttons, FWIW. I find it interesting they dropped support for HP-UX, and AIX, and that there was support to drop for OSF/1 Apple was the first one to put all of those things together in a single package that really worked well - thats what I mean by first modern :-P Not was, is, the vertical service codes still work - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vertical_service_code Apple took the smart phone from something used by technologists and other tech oriented people, and turned it into a mass market appliance accessible to everyone - every smart phone that has come since is related to it in form and function. Electrically the 500 is much much more important than the 34/40 - every modern landline phone has something in common electrically with the 500 set. https://chocolatey.org/ I dont think the added latency from mesh is a big of an issue as it would look, I mean look at the 300ms of latency typical to a 3G network. I do see a practical limit however in the number of wireless hops before it should be bounced back to a wired network. Betamax lost largely on licensing, VHS was licensed very very cheaply, Beta was not. We've not yet decided if the system exists for punishment or rehabilitation, until we the people decide, this sort of thing will be depressingly common. This is why some states have chosen to go with a single PSAP for the whole state - Cellular E911 has a couple problems, one - the geolocation features of cell phones is best effort, and if it fails, the best the company can do is guess from which site/sector the call is coming in on to route them to the correct PSAP. Two - the cellular networks on whole are best effort, cellular as a technology cannot be as reliable as a wireline hookup, period. In the future, I believe the move to VoLTE will make E911 more reliable, as it will enable more location data to be sent from the handset at the time of call, but until then, the most reliable way to get geolocation data to a PSAP is to use a landline, period, the landline telephone, is and will remain more reliable, consistent and predictable than any of the technologies replacing it. As far as why the carrier couldnt be reached? likely calling the wrong place - Sprint FWIW is and has been in the midst of a forklift network upgrade for a couple years now, its just wrapping up now, but parts of the network have been partially non-functional for hours or days at a time - I know however that regular e911 drive testing is a part of test and turnup, and the planned maintenance process for Sprint. You only need to do that if you're stupid frankly, all you need to do is insert dialing rules that if 911 call send the BTN/main number, if for all other calls send station DID - often this is done on the carrier side - so you should only need to place calls from one phone for the whole site. It's wholly impractical to do this as well for any site with more than 20 phones, I had customers with sites that has over 1000 stations on them. Well, depends on what you mean by manual - most landline phones now can be hooked up without even a frame man having to run jumpers, or for that matter a field service visit, customer enters the provisioning information (service address, billing information, puts a credit card in) and the service is turned up. That makes more sense, yes :-D - 911 routing issues were always vexing, usually it was a to the wrong PSAP. That sounds vaguely like the normal intrado bullshit. In 2010 when I was doing it, we'd run it thru google maps if validation failed, similar conceptually. he didnt invoke it from within screen it looks like - it was invoked with the invocation of screen Your signup link doesnt work with IE9, it just gives a page cannot be displayed error. Here is an even more extensive set of recordings: http://www.wideweb.com/phonetrips/ You can use screen though :-P Many people, it seems analogize culture to race, and making distinctions about race is (supposed to be) bad. Sociocultural differences however are huge, and information exchange is just one aspect. Often this is not an intentional action on any one actors part - its an institutional thing - I work for a major european telecoms vendor, and inside my company almost no one has big picture visibility, projects are sliced up so many ways from sunday, that to get something that even resembled a big picture you need to talk to tons of people and maintain a large social network (the good ol' boys network). The natural reaction to this lack of visibility is to create process for everything, and major european telecoms company is a very process oriented company, everything has a process, and a document thereof (assuming you can find the document, remember the part about poor visibility) - they are also very very fond of one-size-fits-all solutions to problems, so everyone gets the same laptop build, no matter who your end customer is, or what your job is (from field engineers to accountants). The key to productivity is knowing when it's best to let the process, no matter how slow moving it is - bump and grind along at its own pace and become a self resolving problem, and when to directly (and openly) short circuit it, whereas other times you might want to call on the 'good ol' boys network' to solve a problem or get information. To defend this way of working - there is some logic to these systems, they provide stability and a largely autonomous system that (albeit slowly) will provide a resolution to most of the problems the business will run into - they fail worst when dealing with rapidly emergent problems, exigent circumstances, when expanding to a new line of business or any time you run into a problem that can't be grouped into a existing category. Even a process driven environment however has some ability to adapt, even if it does fall completely outside the system at first, and so long as you have a reasoned argument, people often won't tell you no either (even if they might sit on your request for a bit), so while I dislike the amount of red tape at times, I've also learned how to work thru it, and around it when absolutely needed. I'm reasonably certain that Model 15 is older than 15 years, as they stopped making them in 1963, and the bulk of the production was earlier. Also as an aside - if you were using a model 33 or 37, you could use it with a simple RS232 to current loop converter, and agetty on a linux boxen - then you could use it as a log in device too, rather than just a serial/console printer :-D The other thing I don't get is why use the optoisolator relay setup, the voltages involved are low enough that a normal 5v/250v relay would be sufficient - perhaps the current draw is too high for the raspi to handle? Pagemaker would be a better analogy, but point taken, the star was far richer in features than office. not on a 200m loop - that's only 600 feet or so, with where most cell sites are, you might as well just trench the fiber in the last little bit. I know that 'yellow' carrier just extended fiber to most of their network footprint, with microwave serving the rest. This is of great benefit for in building wiring - I'd love to see a table for speed/distance, that'd give you a better idea of real world practicality. OSP is honestly in pretty decent shape in most of the US, its a lack of careful conditioning and poor records that causes most DSL issues. Throttling is irrelevant if the fastest connection you can get is less than a T1 in speeds, and for those outside of the big city, thats the reality. I actually think Ubuntu has done wonders to enhance the usability of debian out of the box. We've come so far in 10 years, when I first used debian, I had to write an X config by hand, now thats all automatic, its so much easier to use. I stopped using Ubuntu even though I was an early adopter, and went back to debian, but the development downstream of debian has clearly from my point of view rolled back up hill. I well remember mandrake - my path was Mandrake -> Debian -> Ubuntu -> Debian I guess I'm not young anymore I suppose, I'm starting to realize I have lots of history as I've left my 20's.