I would prefer a method that satisfies the Condorcet criterion (that a candidate who would win in a two way election against any other candidate wins, if such a candidate exists). Approval voting does tend to approximate this, if accurate polling data exists and voters are aware of that data and vote strategically, but I would prefer not to rely on that. > Java was the first strongly-typed language Is that supposed to be a joke? Java isn't remotely close to being the first strongly-typed or even the first statically-typed language. The trillion dollar coin wasn't supposed to deal with US debt, it was a trick to get around the debt cap rule that Congress imposed on the government. If they actually spent the trillion dollar coin, that would likely cause devaluation of the dollar; as long as the coin remains locked up in the treasury it's just an accounting trick to get around their own arbitrary rule and wouldn't cause devaluation, because everyone buying dollars knows it's just a stupid accounting trick and not actual money. I would be fine with them getting green cards and letting them compete on the same terms as I do. I'm not fine competing with someone that gets deported if they get fired and don't find someone else to sponsor their visa. H-1Bs give employers too much power over the employees. I think it's just because of well-known blog posts[1][2]. I don't think it's a particularly common question for interviewers to ask here either. [1] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/why-cant-programmer... [2] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/fizzbuzz-the-progra... In addition to not being able to delete the last node, it also invalidates any pointers to the node after the one you're deleting. Other people have discussed the speed, but one aspect of performance that people often ignore is memory usage. In C# (or at least the most common implementation), there is a per object overhead of at least 8 bytes on 32-bit platforms and 16 bytes on 64-bit platforms. C++ implementations typically have no overhead for objects without virtual functions and 4 or 8 bytes of overhead for objects with virtual functions. This means that a program written in C++ could potentially use a much lower amount of memory than one written in C#. You'll just have to learn to do one of the encodings in your head. I've experienced the opposite but that might be because I'm looking at software development jobs. Most of the mega-corps and the medium-large companies that do software development actively recruit new grads while the small companies are only looking for experienced people. The problem with that question is that there isn't really any answer to it. It basically just ends up being that at some point someone made an arbitrary decision to do something that way and a bunch of other people copied them. I assumed it's aimed at those of us who know better, but are too lazy to actually verify signatures. If I'm using my own computer with Thunderbird and Enigmail set up, it checks them automatically for me, but if I'm checking my email from somewhere else through a web client, I'm guilty of assuming that signatures are valid without checking them. That might help but being legal doesn't completely stop cartels. Oil is legal and yet OPEC still exists. Two words: sex robots. Don't they already do this? I don't know much about marketing, but I was under the impression that pretty much any large company would have guidelines about what overall message they want to convey in any public communications. Just that picture of their office alone would put me off from ever working there. The level of distractions must be horrible. I have never seen a web site require me to explicitly agree to something like that. There is certainly no implicit agreement that I must view any content they happen to send me. A key difference is that the slaves didn't have a choice about which bids to accepts, they just went to the highest bidder, nor did they keep the proceeds. With this, they aren't really bids in the strictest sense, they're non-binding offers of an interview. > Does this mean that DeveloperAuction will only accept developers residing in these specific cities? They probably only accept developers who want to work in one of those specific areas. Those are probably the only cities where they have connections with enough companies to get bids. The whole thing would be pointless if no one was bidding. I would imagine that if they are successful, they will expand to other areas. This isn't a big problem for Google because they are mostly focused on a tightly controlled server environment where they control everything and created most of the software themselves. For general purpose use, this is a huge deficiency in Go. First of all, that's the terms of service that you agree to when signing up for an account. If you don't sign up for an account, you haven't agreed to that. Additionally, you left out this from your quote "(except as provided in Section 2.3 of these Terms of Service)". Section 2.3 says "You may download or copy the Content and other downloadable items displayed on the Services for personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained therein". All an adblocker does is download some of the content and decline to download some of the downloadable items. That's permissible under Section 2.3. I think a lot of the backlash comes from a misunderstanding of how this affects prior art. The name "first-to-file" makes it seem like you can take some invention that has been published but not patented, and patent it, preventing the actual inventor from using the invention. That is not the case. Only the inventor is allowed to file a patent. Under a first-to-file system, anything that has been made public can still be used as prior art to invalidate a patent. ~ is similar to std::unique_ptr in C++. It is always owned in one place, but that ownership can be transferred at will. It wouldn't always be that clear cut. His employer's policy might be something like "outside projects are allowed as long as you don't use knowledge that you gained from working there". That could easily be interpreted more broadly than it was intended. He could interpret it as "I learned Javascript while working there, so I can't release a project in Javascript" or something like that, when they really intended it to prevent use of non-publicly available information related to their business. Obviously, Apple has him managing a fake team until they're sure they can trust him. > If you're using Chrome, guess who started Webkit? The developers of KDE. Webkit comes from a fork of KHTML, the engine used for Konqueror. Apple came to the picture 3 years later. I'm a technical person and I don't like social login and I don't like creating individual account for every site. What I would like is a decentralized single-login protocol like the article is talking about. > I only hope there'll be a day I'll finally truly possess my own network identities, and third parties (social networks, email providers, etc) will act as notaries who just assert them for others to verify. If you have your own domain name, that's exactly what Persona does. The protocol is completely decentralized. Mozilla only provides a fallback for domains that don't support Persona. Even with DRM, I wouldn't be subscribed to a service for long if it wasn't continually adding new content. I can't imagine this arrangement is legally binding. The 13th amendment kind of interferes. That doesn't matter. A voluntary agreement is only valid to the extent that it is legal. It's not completely useless. For instance, DC, Baltimore, Philadelphia and NYC are grouped together with only a faint line on the border of districts 3 and 5 and no line of the border of districts 2 and 3, with much stronger lines separating DC and Baltimore from the rest of district 5 and NYC from the rest of district 2. Also, note the strong separation between Virginia and West Virginia, which are part of the same district, but no separation between West Virginia and any part of district 4. You can definitely see the effect of the Federal Reserve districts on the map, but there are clearly other important factors. > If they really cared about "preservation of capital", they would liquidate more of their stakes when one company made them rich then diversify their holdings. That might not always be possible. If the shares they own are a substantial portion of the total company, selling a lot of them at once would cause the share price to plummet and a lot of their wealth would disappear. Most of them do sell off stock in the companies that made them rich, they just do it gradually, so that they don't cause the price to drop. For instance, Bill Gates has been dumping Microsoft stock for several years. The stock he sold in the past few years amounts to about 3% of all of Microsoft. Persona is the protocol that the sites use to communicate with the identity provider. If they support Persona they will support Persona authentication from any email provider that chooses to support Persona and from the fallback provider that Mozilla provides. Persona leaves authentication entirely up to the identity provider. In the case of the fallback identify provider that you're probably seeing, they choose passwords. Other identify providers can choose any method of authentication that they want to use. 1. Privacy: the identity provider can't tell what site you are logging in to. 2. It's decentralized: any email provider can provide Persona authentication for the email addresses that it handles. You don't have to rely on Mozilla to do this except as a fallback for email providers who don't support Persona. Seriously. It was at $30 a few weeks ago. It's hard to say what's normal when things are changing that quickly. Python doesn't optimize any tail calls at all. Rust optimizes sibling calls, which includes all self-tail calls. It's only tail calls to a different function that Rust doesn't eliminate. What a surprise, he wants to depress tech wages with more H-1Bs. I don't have a problem with allowing skilled immigrants into the US. I have a huge problem with the overly favorable terms that employers get with H-1B workers. I think that once a worker has been allowed in they should be allowed to transfer jobs without having to find a new sponsor. If their skills are valuable enough to let them in, the skills should be valuable enough to let them stay. > To quote Steve Blank himselve, no software ever fails because it can't be build. You can build whatever software you want. Bullshit. Budget and schedule overruns are endemic to the software industry. There are plenty of companies that fail because they can't deliver on the technology they promised. I just assume that the phrase is completely meaningless. I've never seen a company that didn't claim to have good salary and good benefits. > 6. The government can’t track it, can’t block it, and can’t crack down on it. This is a common misconception about bitcoins. In fact, bitcoin lets you track every transaction that has ever been made. Identity is simpler, but it's not very interesting. It's hard for a beginner to see why you would ever use the Identity monad. Maybe is the simplest interesting monad, which makes it a good candidate for explaining monads to beginners. > What's a "quoted exchange price" if it's not the price you actually pay? The actual price you have to pay is based on how much you want to buy and how much other people are willing to sell at what price. People who want to buy give a "bid" price and people who want to sell give an "ask" price. Whenever there is an ask price that is lower than a bid price, a sale takes place. This results in the lowest ask price always being higher than the highest bid price. The quoted exchange price will be somewhere in between the two prices. If you want to sell right away, the most you can get is the highest bid price on the books. If you want to buy right away, the cheapest you can get it is the lowest bid price on the books. This means that you have to pay more than the quoted exchange price to buy and receive less than the quoted exchange price to sell. If it's not a meritocracy for the most important 18 years of a person's life, can you really call it a meritocracy? I think the target user is more like "we've got an existing codebase in C++; now we can run it in a browser". All "Computer Professionals" are exempt, so that would cover many of the people on this site. The other exemptions are rather broad and would probably cover most of the rest. It's also not necessary to move someone to management to give them more authority. Most software engineers don't want to deal with hiring/firing people or any of the other stuff that comes with being a manager, but they would be interested in having more say in technical decisions. It sounds like you are heavily invested in this company and are taking risks on the same level that a co-founder would. If they can't pay you consistently, you should be getting the equity and title of a co-founder. I think the hardest part would be getting the people funding it to agree to it. The plan, as you've stated it, gives them very little control of how their funds are used. I don't think it will be easy to convince the investors to trust the engineers not to just take the salary while producing nothing useful. If you can find a way around that problem, you might be on to something. For the Federal law, it's $455 per week, so a vast majority of people make enough. I wouldn't be surprised if CA had a higher minimum, since their laws are tend to be more worker friendly than the rest of the US. Since you are taking close to the same risks as the founders, you should be getting close to what they get. I think with proper vetting you would be able to find engineers who would put in an honest effort in those circumstances. I just don't think it will be easy to convince investors of that. It's not illegal to discriminate against accountants. It is illegal to discriminate against someone because of their gender. It is allowable only in circumstances where it is a "bona fide occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of that particular business or enterprise". A gentlemans club can get away with it. Someone who simply wants to change their gender ratio can't. Discriminating against accountants is legal in all circumstances. Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discriminating based on sex except when it is a bona fide occupational qualification. Diversity is certainly not a bona fide occupational qualification, so they can't recruit based on it. They may be justified in taking diversity into account in the hiring process, but they cannot exclude candidates based solely on sex. In Regents of the University of California v. Bakke, SCOTUS held that candidates can not be excluded exclusively because of race. In Grutter v. Bollinger, they decided that it was legal to take it into account, but only on an individual basis, not to exclude candidates altogether. These both deal with race, but I see no evidence that sex would be treated differently since the same law applies to both. As the two cases I cited indicate, affirmative action is not illegal, but completely excluding candidates because of their membership in a protected class, or any type of quota for minorities is illegal. Affirmative action can be applied during the hiring process to favor some candidates, but not to completely exclude some class of candidate. > Driving schools are available (much fewer than in the UK or europe) and the only ones that use them are people that have them as a court requirement. Increasingly, taking some kind of formalized classes is becoming a requirement to get a license. When I got my license in Virginia in 2005, anyone under 18 was required to take something like 5 hours of driving classes in lieu of the normal driving exam. I believe the requirement has increased since then. Living expenses (especially housing) vary wildly within the area that uses American dollars. Someone in San Francisco can hardly afford a place to live on $31k. Someone living in a rural area in the US can afford a pretty nice house on the same amount. With regard to point 1, I suspect older workers are also less willing to switch jobs, which would also make it harder to increase their salaries. Generally major libraries have actual documentation that's good enough to make it counter-productive to look at the source. If you simply asked if there was ever a time where you needed to look at the source for a library, I could probably come up with something. However, I've never had to look at the source for anything that I would consider a "major" library because everything that I've used that I would consider a "major" library has decent documentation. The problem with this whole discussion is that it is lumping all STEM graduates together. There is really only high demand for CS and some engineering fields. There is a surplus of graduates in many of the other fields that are categorized under STEM. When someone says there is a shortage of STEM graduates, they are really only talking about the T & E, they aren't talking about the S & M. As far as I know, the only federal mandates they have to accept are the ones in Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Title IX of the Education Amendments Act of 1972. These basically just forbid discrimination based on race or sex. There is Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, but that only applies to employment. It doesn't apply to something like students. Most universities are covered by Title VI, which applies to students at institutions that receive federal funding, but theoretically, they could avoid all federal funding, including federal grants and loans for their students, and then they would be allowed to discriminate based on race. I agree that a properly chosen suit can be comfortable and I don't mind wearing one on occasion, but I wouldn't want to wear one every day. Suits are far more expensive to buy and maintain than other clothes and they take a lot more work to maintain as well. If this is the case, it seems that Facebook, Google and Microsoft should be campaigning to have the H1-B quota allocated to whoever is willing to pay the highest salary. That seems like it would be much easier to sell to Congress and it would have the nice side effect of pricing sweatshops like Infosys out of the H1-B market. If the salaries haven't reflected the shortage, it's not a shortage. It's just a bunch of people unsuccessfully trying to buy something below market price. > how many are the multi-platinum award winning rock stars Probably none. The actual rock star level people can get O visas, which don't have a quota. AFAIK, Opera is in no way a proponent of non-profit or open source software. They are a publicly traded for-profit company and their main product is proprietary. --std=c++11 is not supposed to turn off all extensions, only the extensions that conflict with the standard. The VLA extension only applies to programs that would be malformed according to the standard, so it isn't turned off with -std=c++11. The -pedantic flag is for adhering to the standard exactly. I don't see how it's chauvinist to suggest that a "country" with no human inhabitants except for foreign military personnel doesn't need its own ccTLD. So you take the contacts out. It takes like two seconds. With the exception of the first thirty seconds, or so, after putting them in, I consider them far more comfortable than glasses. Where are those salary numbers coming from? There's no way new graduates are getting that much. Looking at the report they linked to, I'm seeing much lower numbers. And if you expand it beyond just house construction to all construction, which is probably a better comparison, it's even less of a commodity. Cost and time overruns are common in multi-million dollar building projects, just like they are in multi-million dollar software projects. If H1-B's are far more educated than the average American, but only paid slightly more on average, doesn't that mean the H1-B's are underpaid? Even if that were true, only the shareholders would have standing to sue them for failing to maximize profit. Clearly the only shareholder, the Mozilla Foundation, is not going to sue Mozilla Corporation for doing what the shareholder wants it to. Because any given locality has at least three different governments that all have the power to implement taxes. There's not a chance that all of the ~10000 different governments in the US would agree to a single tax. The point isn't to stop piracy. The point is to kill the used game market, which is rather large for consoles. Your problem isn't that PHP is old. PHP is the same age as Java and there are plenty of people willing to use that. Objective-C is trendy now, and that's 12 years older than PHP. Your problem is that PHP has probably the worst reputation of any programming language since COBOL. I think something like Mozilla's Persona is the way to go. It ties your identity to an email address, but it's easy enough to get those anonymously. They purchased DOS. The only thing I know of that Gates coded that Microsoft sold was a BASIC interpreter. I usually don't find them very interesting. They tend to use somewhat contrived algorithmic questions that just aren't the kind of problems I'm interested in solving. > Consider this example: Suppose you're sitting in a meeting with clients, and someone asks you how long a certain digital project is slated to take. Unless you understand the fundamentals of what engineers and programmers do, unless you're familiar enough with the principles and machinations of coding to know how the back end of the business works, any answer you give is a guess and therefore probably wrong. Even when you do understand the fundamentals of what engineers and programmers do, any answer is still usually a guess and probably wrong. Ruby has an ISO standard. Yes, this could be an instance of Simpson's paradox. If more jobs were created in low paying areas, the salaries could rise in every single geographic area, but still decrease overall. I suspect it has more to do with the large amount of undefined/unspecified/implementation defined behavior in C. A lot of questions on Stack Overflow can only be answered correctly by referring the the standard. Utterly false. It could never be a criminal offense; it's entirely a civil matter. Additionally, courts have given companies broad latitude in determining what actions are in their shareholders best interests. In multiple cases courts have accepted arguments that a company's long-term interests were best served through socially responsible actions (e.g. charitable giving) even though this would decrease immediate profits. In Dodge v. Ford Motor Co., the only reason the court found in favor of the shareholders was that Ford explicitly testified that he thought his company was making too much money and he felt obliged to use the money to benefit the public. Even this ruling, which is the one that established the "maximizing shareholder returns" precedent, stopped short of preventing Ford from taking the public-benefiting actions that the shareholders wanted to prevent, it merely required the company to continue paying dividends to the shareholders. I get that the name "Soylent" was originally coined in a book that did not involve cannibalism in any way, but it still seems like a very bad choice of name. "Soylent green is people" is much more well known than any allusion to Make Room! Make Room! can possibly be. > There is also some curious use of evidence: Obama won Santa Clara by 42% implies "the most dynamic sector .. is now decisively in the camp of the Democrats", but it was only 30 years ago that Reagan won the same county by >10%. Keep in mind that Reagan won the nationwide popular vote by 18%, so winning by 10% in his home state doesn't indicate a strong Republican following there. It just indicates a very one-sided race. Only in some jurisdictions. In most of the US, Software Engineer is not a regulated title. I believe Florida and Texas are the only exceptions. Well, it's unlimited for residential use; you aren't allowed to use it for a business. So essentially they're saying that if it looks like you're using the plan for a business, they can investigate. Those salaries are only common in a few areas with an outrageously high cost of living. In the rest of the country, the salaries aren't much higher than the ones in Europe. Someone didn't read the article. It's about affable vs. having your best interests at heart, not affable vs. skilled. It's a lot easier to be picky once you have a degree and a few years of experience under your belt and some money saved up. Not quite. The default transaction fee is 0.0005 BTC per transaction. If the transaction fee you offer is too small, miners won't process it. The main difficulty is in getting people to switch to the new client. If only some people switch, you have effectively split Bitcoin into two separate currencies with all of the old coins existing separately in each currency. So, for anyone with a Bachelor's or higher, leisure time has plummeted. For everyone else, the increase in "leisure time" is likely because of underemployment, so they would actually prefer to be working more to earn more money. 8.7% for computer science is still rather high. Programmers get paid poorly in Japan because Japanese culture doesn't respect software. It has nothing to do with the way they are trained. A union for software engineers wouldn't have to resemble the ones commonly associated with blue-collar workers. Something like the AMA would probably be more useful. It doesn't collectively bargain with employers but it does take actions that benefit its members, for instance, lobbying for laws that would benefit them. The US spending on Medicare/Medicaid is roughly $2500 for each person in the US and only provides coverage to a small fraction of those people. The NHS spends roughly $2900 per person. So, clearly either the private or public healthcare, possibly both, in the US is run very inefficiently. They are simply the total spending for each program divided by the total number of residents in the respective country. The US number only includes Medicare and Medicaid, so the discrepancy is probably because of additional public spending that isn't part of those programs. Either way it looks really bad for the US, since its public spending only covers a small fraction of people. Try getting even a relatively minor health problem like appendicitis and you can go through several times that much in one day. Healthcare would be much cheaper if only we didn't have to deal with all of the sick people. It gives you financial security if you decide to tell your employer to go fuck themselves if they want you to work too much overtime. Since you no longer absolutely need a job to live, you have a stronger negotiating position with employers. And then the employers will have to stop abusing their employees to get them back. Search engines didn't win out over the directory model on the web; the two models coexist. Traditional web browsing uses the directory model. Search engines supplement that by allowing you to jump to locations based on a search, but they don't replace the traditional following of links. Realistically, it can't replace most uses of concrete. Roman concrete takes years to reach full strength. The stuff we use is close to full strength in days. For a government agency like the NSA, that's easily accomplished by a man-in-the-middle attack. They can almost certainly convince multiple US-based certificate authorities to give them a certificate that will be included in the default set of trusted certificates by all mainstream browsers. They would only have problems with the very small number of people who are both paranoid and tech-savvy enough to change the certificates that there browser trusts. It's not completely nonsense, but it definitely doesn't have any coherent meaning. It started as an excerpt from Cicero but it was mangled by removing words and letters without regard for sentence structure or even for preserving words. Some of the words aren't even real Latin words. > assuming a byte as defined in ISO/IEC 80000-13 C uses a different definition of byte. The C standard defines the size of a char as 1 byte. If you are going to use the common definition instead of the C-standard definition, why not use the common implementation characteristics of C as well? A char is one byte both in the context of the standard and in the context of common usage. It's only when you mix the two contexts haphazardly that the two aren't the same size. You "cheated" by using zip. You can't easily implement zip using only internal iterators but you easily can using external iterators. If you look at a slightly different problem that doesn't precisely fit the special case of zip you'll see the difficulty involved with using internal iterators. Yes, it's only illegal to discriminate against people age 40 or older. Compared to other languages, 179 pages for the full specification is pretty small. Java and C sharp have that more than three that size. C++ is roughly five times as large. If you're a fan of functional languages, Haskell is almost twice as large. Even Scheme, an extremely simple language, is only about 30 pages shorter. People obsessed with their health are healthier than people who aren't? That's a shocker. If by farmer, you mean someone who works on a farm, but doesn't own it, it's laughable to suggest that they will ever be making a lot of money. If by farmer you mean someone with millions of dollars of capital invested in farmland, it's not accurate to compare them to a run of the mill software developer. As with all industries in a capitalist economy, the people with the capital are the ones making most of the money. West Virginia may be a poor state, but if you'll look at the map they present, you'll notice it's actually a relatively high mobility area. It's still completely infeasible without better tools for doing it automatically. Pass GHC the -O2 option to turn on optimizations. You need the strictness analyzer to run so that it can determine that sum is strict, otherwise you get a space leak. GHC's strictness analyzer will recognize that sum is strict for Integer and optimize the laziness away. It will only cause a space leak when optimizations are turned off. They are more expensive because the programs cost more to run. The professors have more job prospects outside of academia, so that drives up their wages. They also need more expensive resources (labs, legal libraries, etc.). It doesn't have to be immediate, but most high quality workers will not be interested in anything that requires them to spend a period of time without a full-time job. So whatever contract work you give them will have to be small enough that they can do it while still working a full-time job, or you will miss out on most of the high quality people. The only thing you really can do is to make sure to save up enough money that you can afford to retire in your mid fifties if you really have to. If you lose your job at that age, it can be very hard to find another one. Even a minimum wage job would double your income. That is plenty of incentive to work. I think that unless you have a specific reason for restricting them, you simply shouldn't restrict them, since any restrictions on the character set makes all passwords weaker. Personally, I expect all printable ASCII characters to be acceptable as part of a password and get irritated when some of them aren't accepted. > I feel that trading in a marketplace controlled by professional investors with access to research and high-frequency trading tools is a losing proposition. That is probably true, but you shouldn't let that keep you out of the stock market. You just shouldn't try to beat the professionals at their own game. Instead of picking individual stocks and trying to beat the market, invest in an index fund that will buy stocks to approximate the whole market. This means that your gain will be roughly equal to the average gain across the whole market. This means that you won't get the huge gains that you could have if you had chosen the right individual stocks, but you also will avoid the huge losses that would have happened if you chose the wrong stocks. You may lose money in some years where the whole market does poorly, but over the long term, you should see consistent gains. Assuming that you want to work in that industry, probably your only option is to take the unpaid internship. After you have completed the internship you can report them to the Department of Labor, or if you are really ballsy you can sue for what you should have been paid. There certainly is a difference between the difference between paid and unpaid internships. You can hire a paid intern under the same set of laws that apply to normal employment (because as you say interns are not a legal class of worker). As an employee, they are free to do work that benefits their employer. Unpaid interns may not do work that benefits the employer. You simply made the mistake of assuming that because you call one of your employees an intern, that you are free to disregard employment law. That is not the case. Paid internships are subject to the same laws as a normal employment relationship. Anyway, it's probably not the best idea to take advice about employment law from someone who thought interns were independent contractors. I think it depends a lot on the location. I work at a software company in the DC area where most people wear shorts or jeans to work, and yet still virtually every candidate that comes in for an interview is wearing a suit. The previous World Cup in South Africa was also held during their winter. I believe the weather was similar to what Australia would have. Developing software is fun. Developing the software that they want you to develop usually isn't. You don't get paid to develop software; you get paid to develop the software that they want you do develop. That was Paul Allen, if I remember correctly. He was the Senior Vice President of Engineering, so $10 million probably isn't that unusual. Outsourcing a project that level of complexity is never going to end well. The only way to consistently produce good, highly complex software is to have stakeholders closely involved in every step of the process. You simply aren't going to get that level of involvement when you pass off development to contractors. Oracle is enormously expensive. It's worth the expense for companies that actually need Oracle's level of performance, but most startups don't need to worry about scaling to that level for a long time. It makes more sense to spend the money on something else and not worry about performance until you are successful enough that you need to worry about it. In the US (which this survey seems to have been limited to), that is rarely the case. Only Florida and Texas consider "Software Engineer" a protected title, and even in those states you are usually only restricted from using it if you are offering engineering services. In most of the country, a "Software Engineer" could just as easily be working on a social networking website as on embedded software for an airplane. It is extremely common to use the title "Software Engineer" for people who are not actually doing engineering. The bitcoins held by the US is only the largest held at a single address. MtGox's bitcoins are probably split between multiple addresses. At least in the US (which has the largest software industry of anywhere in the world), the title of engineer is not regulated. Only the title "Professional Engineer" is regulated. Accreditation for engineers only applies to areas that have an impact on public safety. This means that civil engineers usually are accredited, but mechanical and electrical engineers usually aren't. So for people located in the US, it is perfectly appropriate to refer to someone as a software engineer. I don't find that condescending. What I do find condescending is attempting to apply the laws of certain countries to the world as a whole. There are, in fact, many jurisdictions where being an engineer does not require any form of accreditation. The fact that some jurisdictions do require accreditation does not give engineers in other jurisdictions any less claim to the title. The part where you claimed that only people who are officially accredited are engineers. People who live and work somewhere without such accreditation are completely justified in calling themselves engineers without being accredited. So, according to your viewpoint, there were no doctor's in the US until the late 1800's? The late 1800's is when doctors were first licensed in the US. Before that doctors practiced medicine but were not licensed, yet they were still doctors. Official licensing undoubtedly raises the quality of doctor's practicing medicine, but it is not an inherent quality of being a doctor. In most places, someone is not allowed to practice medicine without a license, but in places without medical licensing, someone who practices medicine without a license is still a doctor. Engineering is the same. Licensing most likely raises the quality of engineers, but that does not mean an unlicensed person who does the job of an engineer is not an engineer. Leonardo da Vinci wasn't a doctor because he didn't practice medicine. He studied corpses; he didn't operate on living humans. On the other hand, it would be ludicrous to say that Hippocrates wasn't a doctor. I wouldn't let either operate on me, but I also wouldn't let a licensed doctor from 1920 operate on me either. Modern doctors have vastly superior medical knowledge compared to historical doctors, but that doesn't mean that historical people who practiced medicine aren't doctors. Train drivers being called engineers has nothing to do with this. It is simply a coincidence that they happen to have the same name. They are sometimes called "engineers" but what they do is never called "engineering". No one thinks that the two jobs are the same thing any more than they think that an academic doctor is the same thing as a medical doctor. With software engineers, that is not the case. There is a great deal of academic study in the field of "software engineering". There are, in fact, many places where engineer is not a protected title and to claim otherwise is just wrong. Many large countries like the US, UK and France do not restrict the use of the title engineer. They only restrict something like "Professional Engineer" or "Chartered Engineer". I believe "state" here was used in the generic sense to refer to any organized political entity rather than the 50 states that make up the US. Uh, no. States is just the plural of state. It can just as easily refer to generic political entities as to the specific 50 political entities that make up the US. That's how every trading platform works. You can put in a limit order where you buy or sell at a certain price, but it's not guaranteed to go through because there has to be someone else willing to take that price. You can also put in a market order, which will always go through, but the price will be whatever is available on the market at the time. Well, the SEC said that bitcoins "likely would be securities and therefore subject to our regulation", which would seem to indicate that it would be considered capital gains, rather than income. It's too early to know for sure, though. No one goes into a political office because they want the salary. Any one who can get there is usually already rich enough that the salary doesn't make much difference. If you consider the amount of money they spend campaigning, they effectively end up paying to have the job. They take the job because of the power that comes with the job, not because of the salary. The prices of most commodities have been relatively stable in USD over the last year, while the prices in bitcoins have almost universally changed greatly. Until that changes, it makes more sense to consider bitcoins volatile and USD not volatile, rather than the other way around. But he calculated his per mile costs using 12000 miles per year. A taxi driver is going to drive far more than that, so the fixed costs will contribute a smaller amount to the per mile cost. They're both just across the river from Manhattan, so it would be a relatively short trip. I believe the trains run all night. That would be interesting to see. At a glance it appears that the highlighted areas with high incomes and high levels of education tend to lean heavily Democratic, but that might just be because those areas tend to be near major cities. Denmark, like most of the rest of Scandinavia, has a mixed economy. A large portion of the economy is privately owned, but a large portion is also publicly owned. It is neither purely capitalist, nor purely socialist. It's definitely not true. Walmart just opened a store in Tyson's Corner, which is a suburb of DC and is surrounded by some of the richest areas in the country and, though not as urban as downtown DC, it's far from rural. Even then, there will be a small chance of something happening that kills you and destroys all of your backups. Over a long enough time span, the probability of that happening approaches 100%. You could make it a very long time by doing that, but not forever. The only visa intended for starting a business is the E5 visa. You need at least $1 million in capital to qualify. There are people living in first world countries who have computers but can't get a bank account. If you have a negative report on ChexSystems, you won't be able to get a bank account, even if you have plenty of money for a computer. Bitcoin isn't going to solve the problem for everyone, but there are definitely people who could get access to bitcoin but not to conventional banking. I feel like this might have more to do with the poster living in DC. I'm in the DC area, and most of the job postings you see are for government contractors, which aren't exactly "cool". That's not to say that there aren't "cool" jobs here, but if you're looking at Dice or Monster, they aren't going to be the ones you see. Manslaughter != murder. They are two separate crimes. Manslaughter is a lesser crime. The difference is that murder requires the intent to kill, while manslaughter requires only that the person acted negligently. Short term, you might see increased productivity. Medium term, productivity is going to go down because of exhaustion. Long term, unless programmers are just dying to work for you specifically, productivity will go way down because the best people will leave to work for someone who doesn't abuse them. At that price, it doesn't seem like you would be able to provide much value by doing it manually. If you factor in some overhead, you would have to be spending less than an hour on each report to pay yourself a decent wage. If I'm running a business, I'm not going to pay someone to do research that I could do myself in less than an hour, even if it is really cheap. With B2B services, it's probably a better idea to provide substantial and demonstrable value than it is to have a really low price. To start with, only 7 of the 26 letters (uppercase and lowercase letters are only different in the first digit, which is never higher than 7 in ASCII, so I'm ignoring the difference) in the alphabet have an A-F in one of the digits, so in a text composed only of letters with all letters being equally likely, the frequency of A-F would be 26.9%. Additionally, A-F occur disproportionately in infrequently used letters. Adjusting for the frequency of letters in English[1], the expected frequency of bytes with A-F is 21.7%. The space character also doesn't have an A-F, so that will lower the frequency further. If we assume that the frequency of spaces is the same as in "America Can Code ", (17.6%) the expect frequency of A-F comes out to 17.9%. That's very close to the number in "American Can Code " (17.6%). [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letter_frequency#Relative_frequ... I think you are greatly exaggerating how clustered programming jobs are. There are excellent opportunities for programmers in almost any major metropolitan area. It seems like the bonuses for Senior and Lead are too small. The highest paid engineer is only making 20k more than the lowest paid, and 16k of that difference is because of location. It depends on a lot of factors, but most people making that level will probably pay a total of about 30-40% in taxes. Health insurance will almost always be provided at this type of job. Yes, I've never heard of any country that makes you get a work permit if you are a citizen. It's still easily possible. If you save a mere $10k/year for 20 years and get a return on your investments that beats inflation by 5%, you'll end up with $350k in today's dollars. That's of the 15 job categories expected to grow the most over the next decade. Doctors likely aren't one of those high-growth categories. If you are paying an R&D staff, you aren't paying them to be 5 years behind open source development. You are paying them to be ahead of open source and your competitors. No one is going to make money by ripping off five year old OSS. First you would have to get contractually guaranteed severance pay, which is a lot more than most people get. Correct me if I'm wrong, but they didn't propose doing same-day delivery for all items that they sell. They proposed doing it for their most commonly sold items. So instead of needing huge warehouse holding all of their items in urban centers, they can keep those farther out and only put smaller warehouses holding a smaller selection of their most commonly sold items in the urban centers. If you work for a living, you aren't upper class. Someone making 100k/year in wages likely couldn't afford to stop working for more than a few years unless they already spent decades saving money. That means they aren't upper class. Someone who is upper class could maintain a high standard of living indefinitely without ever working. I think Burn Notice's treatment of the subject is good precisely because it doesn't glorify torture. An interrogation on Burn Notice is more likely to involve psychological manipulation instead of torture. Rust really doesn't target the same uses that Go targets. Go basically targets people who need a faster Python or a simpler Java. It doesn't have enough low-level control to be used for most of the things that C is still used for. Rust targets the low-level uses where a high degree of control over memory management is necessary. One of it's main goals is to make it possible to statically reason about memory ownership. You would never try to implement something like a modern browser or a production-quality language runtime in Go. On the other hand, Rust is targeted directly at that kind of thing, and the multiple pointer types are absolutely necessary for those use cases. I don't see anyone claiming that torturers are inherently evil. I see people claiming that act of torture is inherently evil. I'm perfectly open to the idea that someone who has tortured someone else isn't evil, but torture is always an evil act. The front page is working correctly for me in Firefox 26. When I hit page down or space the two lines that were at the very bottom of the screen move to just below the top bar. GHC, the most popular Haskell compiler, is also very mature and very good at doing high-level optimizations. Yes, but realistically, we are no where near strong AI. We're getting pretty good at making AIs to handle single specialized tasks, even ones that we consider very difficult, but making a generalized AI that can handle any task a human can is probably not going to happen in the near future. They appear to be using the BLS categorizations[1][2]. Essentially, the difference is that Computer Programmers do none of the planning or design that Software Developers do; they only do routine coding. Since Computer Programmers only do routine coding and none of the more intellectually challenging parts of software development, they can more easily be replaced by using higher-level languages or better tools. It's worth noting that Software Developers are already 3x more common than Computer Programmers and the number of Software Developers is increasing 10x as fast, so even many of the people who call themselves programmers are probably classified as Software Developers. [1] http://www.bls.gov/ooh/computer-and-information-technology/c... [2] http://www.bls.gov/ooh/computer-and-information-technology/s... Wealth != money. Food, housing and entertainment are all wealth. > development times usually included documentation time Most likely, the Haskell development time includes the time to write 465 lines of documentation, while the Lisp development time includes the time to write 12 lines of documentation. That makes it pretty obvious where the discrepancy in time comes from. Put a profile mentioning a handful of popular technologies on Dice.com with the actively looking status. You should get tons of recruitment spam. The problem is that the vast majority of it will not be good leads. Most of the jobs you will not have a realistic chance of getting because the recruiters will ignore key details such as level of experience and where you are actually willing to work. I highly doubt that an 85 line Haskell program with 465 lines of documentation had the same amount of time spent on documentation as a 274 line Lisp program with 12 lines of documentation. The Haskell developer clearly put a lot more effort into documentation. There is no 85 line program that needs 465 lines of documentation. The developer was clearly over-zealous. The second Haskell developer was a college student who learned Haskell a week earlier; so obviously they are going to take longer. In terms of attendance, the top college teams beat even professional teams. The 13 largest stadiums in the US are all for college football [1]. You have to go all the way to number 14 before you get to a stadium used for professional sports. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._stadiums_by_capaci... That might be the case for some teams, but a lot of NFL teams have trouble consistently selling out the smaller stadiums that they already have. $100k/year is very much in line with what an actual sociologist would describe as middle class. Most of the upper quintile is part of the middle class. Most sociologists describe the top 1-5% as upper class. The next ~45% is middle class, then the next 30-40% is working class, then the remaining 10% or so is poor/lower class[1]. The upper class is made up of capitalists, high-level executives and people with inherited wealth. People who work in professional occupations such as doctors or engineers are not part of the upper class. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_middle_class#Academic_... You're only looking at highly specialized apps which require a complex UI, so they tend to be more resistant to moving to the web. For the vast majority of apps, which you are ignoring, the UI is just a bunch of forms to fill in. New development of that type of app has almost completely moved to the web. In DC, average rents decreased by 2% last year, largely because of increased supply[1], so it is possible. Somewhere like SF, it's likely that demand would increase faster than supply could so prices would continue to go up, but at least the increase in supply would slow down the price increase. [1] http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-04-23/washington-faces-ap... Go basically only has one modern feature (goroutines). Beyond that it's a throwback to Java version 1. "Software Developer"[1] is three times as common and has a median income of $89,280. Most programmers are actually classified as software developers. [1] http://money.usnews.com/careers/best-jobs/software-developer That's the reason they are so much higher on MtGox than other exchanges (roughly $150/btc higher). Yay, I also have more points. Her 66 thousand profile views absolutely crushes my 154 profile views, though. Hard drives are going to run hotter than the outside temperature even in the middle of the summer, so they are going to get quite a bit of natural cooling for free. The cooling they have to do is just a supplement to the cooling that happens naturally. That's just part of the workaholic culture. You get rewarded for putting in long hours, not for doing good work, so people put in long hours but don't bother with actually doing a good job. I have to disagree. In this case, the lump sum and the annuity are equivalent if you get a 4.2% return on investment. You aren't going to find a risk-free investment that gets a better return than that, so the only reason to take a lump sum is if you want to invest in riskier investments. The decision comes down to risk tolerance; there is no clear cut winner. This is a service targeted at the US so it has to target the US's (antiquated) banking system. Checks are on the way out, but most Americans still need to write or cash them fairly regularly. Chip-and-pin cards are still not widely supported in the US, but support for magnetic stripe cards is almost ubiquitous. It does seem outdated by international standards, but for the US, this is actually a step forward compared to the check cashing services that many poor people use. Yeah, but you probably don't look like a homeless person. Actually, if you each make $200k, you'll end up paying more taxes. Up to a combined taxable income of $146,400, two people making the same amount would pay the same amount of taxes whether or not they are married. Above that, they will pay more if they are married than if they are single. I disagree. Engineering is all about choosing tradeoffs. Freeways aren't built with a slow lane to support horse and buggy users, because that would be an irresponsible use of resources. For most sites, supporting IE7 would be a complete waste of money. The crazy part is that it's virtually impossible to successfully sue for wrongful termination, but companies still go to extreme lengths to cover their asses. > if you show up at the E.R. of most American hospitals with a life-threatening condition, you're going to get treated regardless of how much you can pay. Yes, and taxpayers are going to foot the bill. If taxpayers are going to foot the bill anyway, they might as well do it in a way that is efficient (preventative care) rather than one that is extremely inefficient (emergency care). You are free to leave the country and renounce your citizenship. The fact that you have not constitutes acceptance of the social contract. Isn't H1-B purely an American visa type? How would companies outside of the USA be able to sponsor them? Yes, it's one of the best shows ever made. Even importing gold from other parts of our own solar system is a long way from financial viability. Why would you want to play Portal when you could endlessly calculate SHA hashes instead? Except that they are still doing business in the countries with high taxes; they just have their headquarters elsewhere to avoid paying the taxes. It's surprisingly easy to make it a long time without needing to read from a file. If you're writing web apps, you almost never read directly from a file; all of the input comes from a database or HTTP requests. So, Lisp? I wouldn't expect the minister of health to have a level of knowledge of medicine comparable to that of a practicing medical professional. However, I would expect them to have a level of knowledge that goes significantly beyond what is taught to school-children. With ASIC miners starting to become common, isn't GPU mining also becoming extremely inefficient? So to avoid using a conservative GC, you should instead use Go, a language which also has a conservative GC. Even counting by percentage of /48 blocks allocated, it's still approximately 0%. There are roughly 40 thousand /48 blocks per person in the world. This is completely moving the goalposts. Of course Watson and Siri are AI. They aren't strong AI, but they are definitely AI. You at least owe them to make a good faith effort to be productive. That's what the money is for. How would they make it possible for a human to submit a query without making it possible for a machine to submit a query? That sounds very similar, though I believe that giving someone whuffie is a voluntary action that you do when you like a service/product/etc that you got from them rather than being automatic and you can also decrease their whuffie if they do something you don't like. They also seem to be able to produce an unlimited supply of red-shirt crewmen. It's only 13% of hosts, but 2/3 of listings. So hosts who are renting out homes they don't live in are renting them out much more frequently, but the hosts who are renting out their primary residence do it much less frequently. In terms of general intelligence, that's probably true, but in terms of accomplishing tasks that are useful to humans, AI is far ahead of rats. There are many useful tasks that I can get an AI to do for, but practically none that I can get a rat to do for me. The norm in the US is no trial period. You start with the assumption that it's going to be permanent and if it doesn't work out you get fired. Usually, there is no notice required from either side except in the case of mass layoffs (two weeks are expected out of politeness, but aren't legally required). That can be changed by a contract, but that usually doesn't happen for anyone but high-level executives. Only about 13% of mortgages are underwater[1], so it's definitely not true that mortgage holders probably have a negative net worth. It's a common situation, but far from being the situation a majority of mortgage holders are in. [1] http://www.forbes.com/sites/erincarlyle/2013/12/17/6-4-milli... That sounds more like a nurse practitioner than an RN. It takes 4 or 5 years of school beyond that required to become an RN to become an NP. It's using BLS categories which don't necessarily match up to actual job titles or to colloquial use. According to the BLS, Computer Programmers turn detailed specifications into code while Software Developers have involvement in the development process beyond just writing code. Software Developers are far more common than Computer Programmers, so for the most part you can just ignore the whole Computer Programmer category. There are some good beginner tutorials, but beyond that the documentation is absolutely terrible. The typical documentation for a Haskell library will be a page that lists all of the modules in the library with a link to a page for each module. The page for each module will be a list of functions in the module with a type signature, and if you are lucky a one sentence description of what the function does. There will not be a single explanation or example of how to actually use the library. In the US, if you are self-employed, you have to pay an extra 7.65% tax that would normally be paid by your employer. It's pure speculation, but it is a possibility. The addresses that Gox at one point had access to still have a sizable chunk of bitcoins, so that rules out the possibility that all of Gox's bitcoins were stolen or lost because of the transaction malleability bug. This opens up the question of why Gox hasn't signed a message with the private key for the address to prove that they still have the bitcoins. One possible explanation is that they lost the private keys, but there are many other possible reasons. It seems highly unlikely that anyone will get all of their money back. They announced that they have debts of 6.5 billion yen and assets of only 3.84 billion yen. If they can liquidate 100% of their assets that's only enough to pay back 59% of their debts. With an investment of at least $100,000, you could get an E2 visa, but that doesn't come with the possibility of getting a green card. If you have $500,000 to $1 million to invest in a business that will create at least 10 jobs, you can get an EB-5 visa that would put you on track to get a green card. If they want to shoot themselves in the foot, can't they just make their own payment form while still using Stripe as the processor? That would allow practically any customization of the form that they want. Really you can just always guess. When you can't eliminate any answers, guessing has the same expected value as leaving the question blank. If you can eliminate one or more answers, the expected value is higher for guessing than for leaving the question blank. So in no situations does guessing decrease your expected value. Alcohol has to be one of the most over-regulated things in existence. It seems like every state and municipality has it's own laws saying that you can't sell it at certain times or places, or that you can't drink it in certain places, or that you have to sell a certain amount of food in addition to it. It's not adding more errors; it's just choosing a less familiar accent to imitate so that you are less capable of noticing how the imitation deviates from the correct way of speaking in that accent. I'm living in the DC area and I'm curious how you would go about finding non-government-related places to work. The place I'm working now isn't government-related, but I found it mostly by chance, and most of the places I saw during my job search were government contractors, so I'm not sure where I would look if I wanted to change jobs. Wage theft is sketchy and illegal, but also extremely common. Except that it's not at all lucrative. If their "2-day shipping" service doesn't result in the package being delivered within 2 business days a vast majority of the time, they shouldn't be advertising it as "2-day shipping". Libertarians aren't a major party. There are a lot of people in the Republican party who call themselves libertarians, but the actual Libertarian party is extremely minor. > For example, starting in 2014, Medicaid (health care for the poor) was expanded to cover those earning under 138% of the poverty line (a perfect example of the confusing way in which assistance is determined). Many states chose not to expand Medicaid, so they will not receive additional federal funding for the program. States that did, however, will. It's worth noting that the law as written, did not leave much of an option for the states to not expand Medicare. However, the law was gutted by the court system, so most of the right-leaning states chose not to expand it. It's not that MS can't fix XP. It's that they don't want to. They don't want to spend money supporting ancient software that no one pays them for anymore. Even when polio was at its worst it never threatened the survival of the species. Curing polio would save many people's lives, but it would have minimal impact on the survival of the species. It's not unlawful. Religious organizations are allowed to discriminate based on religion. It's not necessary to be a church to qualify as a religious organization. A non-profit church-affiliated publisher that solely published religious material would almost certainly qualify. DC's is a bit more pleasant, but in terms of actually transporting people NYC's is much better. NYC has a much better coverage of the area, longer hours of service and is much cheaper. US credits and ECTS credits don't mean the same thing. A US credit is roughly equivalent to 2 ECTS credits in terms of amount of time spent. Additionally, 12 credit hours is an unusually small amount of credits to take. That's usually the minimum amount to qualify as a full-time student. If you want to graduate in the normal amount of time you have to take more like 16 credit hours per semester. > What illegally driven-down wages mean is that the shortage is more acute that previously thought. That's because the main way to measure the relationship of supply and demand is through price; i.e. the more the salaries grow, the less supply there is relative to demand. So if salaries have been held down, some of that evidence was masked. Not really, price ceilings have a well-known effect of causing shortages because purchasers who should have been priced out of the market use up some of the supply. If the price had been allowed to rise naturally, those willing to pay the higher price would get what they need. Sure, but look at which category the companies complaining about shortages are in. Haskell was designed by a committee, so it's going to be difficult to find ages for all of them, but Simon Peyton Jones, the best known of the creators, is 56. To some extent, they would be justified in believing that. The US has a homicide rate more than three times as high as France, and France actually has a fairly high rate of violent crime compared to most of Europe. There are only a small number of localities in the US that would qualify as safe by European standards. None of the PIIGS were extremely socialist. The most socialist-leaning countries in Europe (e.g. Denmark and Norway) are still going strong. "Remember me everywhere" sounds kind of sketchy. I would be less suspicious of something like "Remember me with Stripe" because at least it would give some indication of who exactly is storing my information. The two sample pages are essentially useless. For a technical book, I'm not interested in seeing how well the author writes chapter intros. I want to see some actual technical content. They're much less common in urban areas because of the enormous cost of real estate that would be necessary for a store that large. It's perfectly legal for them to not be OK with it. It's not legal to get the competitor to agree not to hire them. Twitter had $422 million in revenue in the three quarter before its IPO. Splunk had $121 million in revenue the year before its IPO. Both were running at a loss, but they did both have a considerable amount of revenue. That puts them way ahead of many of the companies from the dotcom bubble since they at least have a proven way of bringing in money, even if it isn't enough to fully cover their expenses. AirBnB only targets one of the major segments of hotel business. AirBnB almost exclusively focuses on the consumer market. Hyatt, the example from the article, focuses primarily on other segments, business travelers and meetings and groups. AirBnB has the potential to take away most of the consumer segment, but they don't have much appeal to most of Hyatt's customers. There is probably some over-valuation going on, but it's nothing compared to what was going on in the dot-com bubble. In the dot-com bubble, companies were getting huge valuations without even having revenue. This time around, they at least have some revenue. They might not be making a profit, and they might not have enough revenue to justify the huge valuation, but at least they aren't completely disconnected from reality like they were back in 2000. > By saying that they offer healthcare equally to gay employees[0], Mozilla seem to be doing what would here be considered a minimum. That's not what they are saying. Offering healthcare equally to gay employees is, of course, done by virtually every company. Offering healthcare to those employees' domestic partners, rather than just their legally married spouses, is somewhat common, but far from standard. Gay marriage was legal in California until Prop 8, so Prop 8 removed some people's right to marry. Oh, no. There's now one less thing that it's socially acceptable to be a bigot about. That's clearly a huge loss to society. /s Maybe that should be taken as an indication that there isn't any one size that will suit everyone's needs. Some people want a phone that is larger than an iPhone and some people want one that is smaller than an iPhone. Those people are served well by other phone manufacturers who have a variety of sizes, but aren't well served by Apple who only makes one size of phone. That's what they already do. Anyone who applies in the first five days has a chance of being randomly selected. Working for a consulting company like Accenture would involve a lot of travel. It becomes a problem when you're protecting the entire city rather than just a few key areas. OSX doesn't come with a package manager. More likely you would be suing for monetary damages, such as the wages you lost by leaving your previous job, any money you spent on relocation, etc. The bottom 50-90% of the top 10% of earners is very much part of what is traditionally called "middle class". People in high-paying professional occupations such as doctors, lawyers and engineers have always been considered part of the middle class. The upper class is made up of capitalists and high-level executives, not people who work for a living. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_middle_class#Academic_... Rust is safe in the sense that it avoids many categories of bugs; it's not safe in the sense that you can run untrusted code without causing security issues. For instance, you don't want a script in a webpage to be able to read/write arbitrary files on your computer, but a Rust program would be allowed to do that. You would have to restrict a lot of capabilities before it would be safe for your browser to run untrusted Rust scripts. It's not advisable to use MD5 for anything. It's security is severely compromised. Weaknesses in MD5 have already been exploited to create a fake root CA[1] and a fake Microsoft code-signing certificate[2]. There isn't practical publicly-known preimage attack, but there was a theoretical attack published in 2009[3]. Additionally, MD5 can be calculated far too quickly to use for password hashing. A commodity GPU from 2009 can calculate 200 million MD5 hashes per second [4]. For password hashing you should use something like bcrypt or scrypt which is specifically designed to be computationally expensive. [1] http://www.win.tue.nl/hashclash/rogue-ca/ [2] http://blogs.technet.com/b/srd/archive/2012/06/06/more-infor... [3] http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007%2F978-3-642-01001-9... [4] http://bvernoux.free.fr/md5/index.php > Of course, you still have to give two weeks notice if you want to exercise that at-willness for yourself! That's a professional courtesy; it's almost never legally required. Generally, they don't prepare nearly as much as they should, but you're supposed to save money in retirement accounts such as a 401k or IRA. You were probably in white-collar jobs. Those tend to have later starting times. Service sector and blue-collar jobs (which make up a large portion of the workforce) frequently have earlier starting times. > in Haskell a value is a value The same is true of C++. Values and references in C++ can't be null. Pointers can be null, but that's a lower-level feature that doesn't have an equivalent in idiomatic Haskell. Pike and Thompson were out of touch with what people use C++ for this century. Back in the 90's people used to write practically anything in C++ and Go would have been a suitable replacement for many of those uses, but now if you're starting a new project in C++ it's probably something that needs some degree of manual control over memory, so Go isn't a suitable replacement. Human drivers can't predict that either, and the Google car should have a much faster reaction time than a human driver. What you're describing is companies choosing who they market to, not choosing who their customers are. Test cases for a PHP vulnerability scanner[1] [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7665232 You can reach a consensus without an algorithm, but will you? If different people value the rooms differently, you might not be able to assign valuations that everyone agrees are fair. With this algorithm, you are guaranteed to assign prices and rooms such that no one would prefer to take another person's room and price instead of their current room and price. Your example would indicate that both roommates had a strong preference for room A over room B, so in that sense it is fair for the person getting room A to pay more. Rabbit poisoning is caused by having very lean meat make up too large of a portion of your diet. It has no connection to vegetarianism. In fact it's necessary to eat almost exclusively meat. > economists for the National Pork Producers Council estimated that removing antibiotics from hog raising would force farmers to spend $4.50 more per pig, a cost that would be passed on to consumers That is an unbelievable. A single pig produces over 100 pounds of meat, so we are risking catastrophe for a cost savings of less than 5 cents per pound of meat. Neither of those are animals. I don't think that's a very good bet. There is still a lot of COBOL sticking around, but there are essentially zero new COBOL projects being started while there are a non-zero number of COBOL projects being replaced with other languages, so COBOL use is ultimately trending downward. You are essentially betting that COBOL developers die out faster than COBOL itself does. They say that it's a strawman syntax, i.e. it's an intentionally terrible syntax that isn't meant to be used for real to get people to focus on the concept instead of bikeshedding syntax. That's a good question, but the only answer in the thread is something that can easily be implemented in Template Haskell. genFoo :: String -> DecsQ genFoo name = [d| instance Foo $(return t) where quux = $(return f) |] where f = VarE . mkName ("quuxify" ++ name) t = ConT (mkName name) genFoos :: [String] -> DecsQ genFoos = foldl' (liftM2 (++)) (return []) . map genFoo It's also where Template Haskell shines. > It seems that the best rappers are in the middle, and being on either extreme is a negative signal. Objectively, I don't think that is an accurate assessment. There are highly respected artists all across the chart, including the extremes. For instance, Wu-Tang Clan and its members at the upper extreme and Kanye, Snoop and Tupac at the lower extreme. This chart already does that. The corpus for each artist is their first 35,000 words of lyrics. Repetition is a key ingredient in all genres of music. You would be hard pressed to find many significant pieces of music that don't use repetition. Of course it can be both. If he deliberately chose it because it is a homophone and intended for either interpretation to work, then it's both. They will. There are plenty of companies that hire CS grads straight out of school. The reason that you are having trouble is that a bachelors in CS is considered a basic qualification for a developer without professional experience. Spending a few months in a bootcamp is not an adequate replacement. > The US's personal banking industry is like 20 years behind the rest of the developed world >> People say Canada is a half-generation behind the US in banking innovation, which is generally in Canada's best interest. They've never had a banking crisis. The financial crises in the US have all been caused by investment banking, innovations in retail banking are unlikely to ever cause a financial crisis. `&`/`mut &` in Rust is equivalent to `const &`/`&` in C++, but with the addition that the compiler makes sure that you don't keep it around for longer than is valid. There are similar laws in the US, but in this case the owner is arguing that the treaty in which the US acquired California from Mexico in the 1800's (requiring the US let the people who already owned land in California keep it) supersedes the California law requiring public access. Coffee is a hot drink, and it can reasonably be expected to cause burns. However, McDonalds served its coffee at a higher temperature than anyone else in the industry and had been previously warned that their coffee caused more severe burns that would be reasonably expected. Had McDonalds served their coffee at a temperature that a reasonable person would expect it to be served at, they would not have been liable for any burns caused by the coffee. This is why you don't see Starbucks getting sued for coffee burns. McDonalds wasn't sued for serving coffee that is hot enough to cause burns. They were sued for knowingly serving coffee hot enough to cause burns far more severe than a reasonable person would expect and far more severe than the burns caused the coffee served by the rest of the industry. It seems to boil down to talking to people in the industry and figuring out what problems they have that the product could potentially solve. > I'm used to a certain pace of development with interpreted languages that compiled languages just can't match. Haskell using Yesod matches the workflow of interpreted languages. When the development server is running, anytime you save a file it instantly recompiles the file so that the change is immediately reflected. 4 of the 5 things she requested were things that would result in her doing less teaching. That's a pretty big red flag when the job she was offered was primarily focused on teaching. If a software developer tried to negotiate that no more than 50% of their time would be spent developing software, they would probably also get some offers rescinded. Except that RFC 1149 specifies a single IP datagram per pigeon, which means it will be slower than even the slowest of dial-up connections. Adding another byte would only make it last another ~17000 years, not until the end of the universe. On the flip-side, almost anyone in the world can pick up a headset, push a button and talk to me. That is a crappy user experience. "Internet of Things" pretty much requires IPv6. It seems like you are just being too picky. You could easily afford a median house or even a house that is well above the median. Buses are what really punches a hole in the idea that these lanes hurt the poor. By letting buses skip traffic, they are actually more likely to help the poor. That doesn't really change the fundamental problem. It just changes the question to "How do you know which doctors or hospitals are adequate?". They can track what the set-top boxes are watching in the US too, but advertisers don't care how many TVs are turned on; they care how many people are watching and what the demographics of those people are. Set-top boxes can't capture that information. For someone to disrupt Nielsen, they would need to collect demographic information about the people watching, not just the number of devices that are watching. Even in a dynamically typed language you can't just ignore the types. You still have to make assumptions about what methods and functions can operate on a value; the compiler just doesn't know what assumptions you are making. You're probably right at the lower-end of the income spectrum, but any non-joke, non-freelance software development job in the US will include health insurance on top of the quoted salary at little or no cost to the employee. I have a chronic health condition that needs some fairly expensive drugs and relatively frequent doctor visits and procedures. My total out of pocket healthcare expenses are less than $500 per year. This is the single most likely outcome, but this exact outcome is still very unlikely because of the sheer number of possible outcomes. HIPAA in 1996 limited the ability of insurance plans to deny coverage based on pre-existing conditions. As long as you didn't have a gap of more than 63 days with no insurance coverage, they couldn't deny you coverage. Bringing up quotas is a complete non-sequitur. They didn't mention quotas or any form of favoritism towards minority candidates. What they did mention is trying to improve the quality of CS education available to minorities. For instance, helping Howard, a predominately black college, improve its CS program. One big reason is that Delaware has a separate court for deciding matters of corporate law. That court has decisions made exclusively by judges instead of juries. That makes legal proceedings related to corporate law less time consuming, less expensive and more predictable. The money being spent of driverless cars is chump change compared to the amount that public transportation costs. It probably wouldn't even be enough to build a single light rail line. Yes. Do they care? No. Isn't that essentially what Rc or Gc are? Rust obviously can't get rid of the other types, since safe manual memory management is one of their core use cases, but it does support automatic memory management. "Bad" as in malware, phishing, etc. When they recognize that a URL is bad, they can simply stop redirecting to that URL. So a slight decrease in employment in a population that already makes up a small portion of the workforce. Hardly a big wave of firings. Agnosticism is a subset of atheism. It ends up getting paid for by the middle class who aren't as able to hide their income and assets. Democrats would mostly be the "lazy centrists" in the next paragraph. The US numbers are also very suspicious. The median income for software engineers is well below what the BLS reports[1] (median $92k, mean $96k). The overall average is also significantly higher than the average that the BLS reports[2] (mean $46k). That would put the ratio for the US around 2. [1] http://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes151132.htm [2] http://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes_nat.htm The permanent members of the UNSC are the countries that were the most powerful at the end of World War II, not the countries that are most significant in the present day. No one of significance will honor the Do-Not-Track setting. Or at least they claim to. I don't think that's correct. A bachelor's in the US (eight semesters of study) is roughly equivalent to a bachelor's in Germany (six semesters of study) plus the final year of secondary school (which lasts one year longer in Germany). Newspapers that rely solely on local readership are doing okay. NYT is not one of those newspapers. They need national readership to sustain their size. Protecting American consumers is the FCC's job. They can't be expected to prevent protectionism in other countries. Brainfuck is Turing-complete too. That doesn't make it usable. I don't think there is any prohibition on age discrimination for public accommodations. Title II of the Civil Rights Act forbids discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion or national origin and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act covers discrimination on the basis of disabilities, but there doesn't seem to be anything preventing public accommodations from discriminating based on age. The Age Discrimination in Employment Act, which is what prohibits employers from discriminating based on age, doesn't contain anything about public accommodations. Yes, the methanol that people were poisoned by wasn't an accidental byproduct of distillation; it was intentionally added to industrial alcohol to keep people from drinking it. No, each new work gets its own separate copyright period. Many individual elements of the BBC series are public domain, and as such could be used in other works, but the work as a whole is covered by copyright. > I'm confused by his issue with calling virtual functions from the constructor. Because of the order in which C++ calls the constructors in a base/parent class hierarchy during construction, calling a virtual function can be dangerous. He wasn't complaining about not calling virtual functions in ctors/dtors; he said that was understandable. He was complaining about two-stage initialization being required for any non-trivial initialization. Having a code for theft is definitely a thing. For many businesses, having a small amount of theft is just an unavoidable cost of doing business. > Constructors should never attempt to raise non-fatal failures That essentially requires two-stage init for almost any non-trivial initialization. But practically no one uses Chromium; they're using Chrome, which has significant proprietary components. It was overturned the first time because of laches, i.e. that the plaintiff had waited too long to bring the case. This time the plaintiff is someone who only recently turned 18, which negates the laches issue. How many of these[1] functions can I write in Go without doing a bunch of casting? Probably less than half. [1] https://hackage.haskell.org/package/base-4.7.0.0/docs/Data-L... Only the top few athletics programs turn a profit. About half of D1 football teams turn a profit. This case has more to do with the 4th amendment which is part of the Bill of Rights. I agree. Cut out that line and it's a much more persuasive comment. I hardly think winning in 1934, 1938 or 1982 has any impact on present day results. Even claiming that the 2006 win has much bearing is a stretch since they have a different head coach and only 4 of the same players. It looks like they switched the graphs for Belgium and the US, since most other sources[1][2] give Belgium a slight edge and even their own most likely outcome graph shows Belgium as the favorite. [1] http://fivethirtyeight.com/interactives/world-cup/ [2] http://rogerkaufmann.ch/dsaINTe_r.htm The favorites are based on the team's recent performance, not on World Cup victories. For instance, the Netherlands have never won a World Cup, but their recent performance prior to this World Cup is undeniably better than either England or Italy, so they are ranked higher. Similar to the complaint about Alito's comment about James Madison's views on video games. That clearly was a joke about Scalia's legal philosophy, not an actual misunderstanding about video games. > If you make the same request twice, the horn should honk twice. Exactly. That means this request is not idempotent, so PUT shouldn't be used. Of GET, PUT, POST and DELETE, only POST is not supposed to be idempotent, so it would be the preferred method to use for this request. If you wanted to encourage occupancy on any kind (including renters), you could tax vacancies instead. Java's type system is hardly advanced; in fact it's quite primitive. As with most articles from the Onion, there is an element of truth, but if you look at a city with good public transit options (NYC is the only one in the US) over 50% of commuters travel by public transit. If you look at cities with adequate but not great public transit options (DC, Boston or San Francisco) more than 30% of commuters travel by public transit. If it's someone you just met, you probably should use a condom for STD prevention. The second scenario leave 999,900 acres completely untouched while the first scenario probably impacts at least 5,000 acres. That would make it non-Turing complete. Of course there probably aren't many interesting programs that are ruled out by that restriction. It seems like instead of being low across the board, their base salary is too high and the premiums for expensive locations and for experience are too low. For instance, a junior engineer working in Manilla is making a killing while a lead engineer working in San Francisco is getting horribly low-balled. It wouldn't require that all programs terminate, just that all functions terminate. More likely they would be composed on one top-level IO value, like in Haskell, or something similar. Sadly, until they get around to adding value types (maybe Java 9?) that just adds another layer that can be null. If they want to search you, they would need probable cause; simply "acting suspicious" isn't enough. Overly broad laws like this give them a convenient way of bypassing the 4th amendment. Republicans since Reagan are huge proponents of neoliberal economics while Democrats tend more towards Keynesianism. Liberal economic policies are definitely to blame, but the party that is usually identified as "liberal" in America isn't the economically liberal party. Transit - I send you data and you deliver it to another ISP or backbone provider. Not transit - I send you data and you deliver it to someone in your own network. Practically every other language does the same thing. For instance in C would you expect `int x;` to be the same as `intx;`? The audits are practically meaningless. For instance, Tata[1] the second largest user of H1Bs gets away with paying programmers an average of $65k. They just classify them as "Computer Programmers" instead of "Software Engineers" which makes the prevailing wage much lower. [1] http://www.myvisajobs.com/Visa-Sponsor/Tata-Consultancy-Serv... No, she will just have to formally evict them. > This is largely due to increased susceptibility to injury and medical complications among older drivers rather than an increased tendency to get into crashes So it's not that they are more likely to get into crashes, it's that they are more likely to die from the injuries that a crash causes while a younger person would survive if they received the same injuries. No, because if a crash occurs on both Day 1 and Day 2, then the next crash was on Day 1. The probability of a crash occurring on each day is the same, but the probability of the next crash occurring is higher for earlier days. The Silver Line was built to serve the single largest commuter destination in all of Virginia. At that scale, rail transit is cost effective. Rail transit wouldn't make sense for a smaller scale development like the one described in the article. At this scale, dedicated bus lanes would make more sense and would be much, much cheaper than rail. An excess of 500 calories per day would lead to a weight gain of roughly 50 pounds per year. That could lead to obesity in less than a year and morbid obesity in just a few years. Most likely the average obese American is eating an excess of substantially less than 500 calories per day. Not really. Everyone needs people who can build things. Not all geeks can build things and not everyone who can build things is a geek. This is about the UK, so you should probably call your MP instead. I've found that a suit disguises my doughy physique better than anything short of a winter coat. Vote with your W-2. Free ones probably suck, but even a very cheap ( “In over half of nearly 45 reports since the early 1990s, significantly reduced risks of cognitive loss or dementia in moderate, nonbinge consumers of alcohol (wine, beer, liquor) have been observed.” This finding has been affirmed numerous times The article suggests that moderate consumption is associated with improved cognitive function. That's irrelevant, because developed countries (i.e. the countries that are in the position to have a social safety net) almost universally have shrinking populations, not growing ones. That's going to be a terrible measure of affordability. Measuring affordability by median income will tell you that Loudoun County, VA (a suburb of DC) is the most expensive place in the US to live. However, it's actually much cheaper to live there than to live in DC, which is cheaper to live in than New York or San Francisco. It will also fail if there's not enough address space to fulfill the request. > My argument for a $100k/year salary being "rich" falls apart in expensive cities. The vast majority of jobs that pay $100k/year are in expensive cities, so you can't just ignore the expensive cities. This article seems to incorrectly assume that if you are born in a country you will be a citizen of that country. In reality, most of the countries in the world don't grant citizenship to anyone born in their territory[1]. Outside of the Americas only a handful of countries do. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jus_soli What you are describing is "labor participation rate" which is something that the government does track[1]. [1] http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS11300000 You're describing laissez-faire capitalism, which is a subset of unqualified capitalism. Any system where all or most of the means of production are privately owned and operated for profit is a form capitalism, regardless of what the government does to manipulate the market. Many of the technology buzzwords are actually business buzzwords, not programming buzzwords. For instance, PaaS and SaaS are business models, not anything technical. Cloud and Digital Rights Management are marketing terms. The conclusion they are drawing from this data is extremely problematic. The actual survey they did ( http://publicreligion.org/site/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/AV... ) asks people to list up to seven "people with whom you discussed matters important to you". 63% listed four or less people. From that they are extrapolating to the person's entire social network. For all of the four closest relationships, a majority of people listed someone that they are related to. Obviously, that isn't a representative sample of the races in the person's social network, because a person's relatives will usually be the same race as them. The fine isn't for giving someone a ride; it's for willfully defying a court order. But in that case the child's mother caused the problems by keeping the child a secret from the father. Literally millions of people. I didn't say that there were millions of cars each day. I said that there were millions of people who drive in NYC. 43.5% of households in NYC own a car[1]. That's approximately 1.3 million households[2]. When you take into account people driving in from the surrounding areas and households with multiple drivers, there are almost certainly at least 2 million people who sometimes drive in NYC. [1] http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2014/01/21/vital-signs-more-h... [2] http://newyork.areaconnect.com/statistics.htm It's not really impressive that IIT (16 schools) managed to turn out slightly more entrepreneurs than Harvard (1 school). I fail to see how things would be different without government intervention. The only difference is that competitors would be prevented through trade secrets instead of patents. You can't realistically equate the complexity involved in reverse engineering a 100 year old cola recipe to the complexity of reverse engineering a state-of-the-art pharmaceutical. The set of chemical substances that could be synthesized 100 years ago is a tiny fraction of the size of the set of chemical substances that can be synthesized now. A 100 year old cola recipe almost certainly contains only naturally occurring compounds, while a brand new pharmaceutical is almost guaranteed to contain synthetic compounds. Additionally, creating a substitute cola recipe only requires mimicking the taste and physical characteristics. When reverse engineering a pharmaceutical it's necessary to duplicate the biological effects as well, which is far more complicated. Their cars definitely won't change the world. The one area they're working on that might change the world is battery technology. Their proposal is functionally identical to ISPs being able to use fee-based prioritization whenever they want. AT&T has millions of customers. It would be trivial to get a few of them to request prioritization of anything that AT&T wants. I've used both and I found React's components much easier to understand than Angular's directives. If you want to create a reusable black-box directive in Angular, you have to understand all kinds of complicated stuff with scopes like isolate scopes and scope transclusion. To do the same in React is trivial because it just uses normal JavaScript functions and objects. I think the point is that the instigators of the American Revolution were anything but poor and hopeless. They were mostly wealthy landowners who would have had plenty of opportunities even without independence from Great Britain. Nor are delays in appointments. Even with the 16x growth that you're assuming, the population density of Liberia would only be 33% higher than New Jersey. Every hash function has collisions. It's just nearly impossible to find them if the hash function is secure. >If you lawfully bought land, and now people wanted to have public access to it Except it's the opposite. People had public access, then he bought it, then he tried to unlawfully take away public access. If he doesn't want people on his property, he shouldn't have bought property that has a preexisting public easement. This looks suspiciously similar to a map of urbanization. I would be more interested in seeing this for metropolitan areas instead of for states. > If faced with a choice between money and doing the right thing, corporations are legally obligated (c.f. Dodge v. Ford) to pick money every single time. That is a popular meme, but it is simply not true. More recent court cases[1][2] have found that corporate directors have broad discretion in their decisions as long as there is no fraud or conflict of interest. If the board of directors chooses to prioritize doing the right thing over pure maximization of profit, the shareholders' only recourse is to choose a new board of directors. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shlensky_v_Wrigley [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AP_Smith_Manufacturing_Co_v_Bar... It flies in the face of Econ 101, but if you made it to Econ 102, you would hear about a concept called price elasticity which would explain why raising wages by 50% doesn't necessarily lead to a 1 to 1 drop in employment. I'm pretty sure it's impossible to write a non-trivial program without ever using DI, even if just by accident. Obviously, most of it is not literally cash, but it is in highly liquid investments like t-bills, that have a near zero rate of return, so it is not very productively invested. As of last quarter they had almost $13 billion in cash and cash equivalents[1]. Unless they are defrauding their shareholders, that money cannot be invested in stocks. [1] http://finance.yahoo.com/q/bs?s=AAPL > Another important condition a cash equivalent needs to satisfy is that the investment should have insignificant risk of change in value; thus, common stock cannot be considered a cash equivalent "Marketable securities" is an extremely broad category. Some marketable securities are cash equivalents, but common stocks are not. Their value is too volatile to be considered a cash equivalent. To qualify as a cash equivalent, an asset must have very little chance of decreasing in value. Such assets tend to have very low return on investment. The wikipedia article you linked explicitly says that common stock is not a cash equivalent. I just quoted a sentence that says common stock is not a cash equivalent. Here it is again since you missed it the first time: > Another important condition a cash equivalent needs to satisfy is that the investment should have insignificant risk of change in value; thus, common stock cannot be considered a cash equivalent You mean the securities article? Of course it did. Common stock is a security. It is not a cash equivalent. Preferred stock is only a cash equivalent if it is within three months of its redemption date, at which point the market value will be very close to the value at maturity. I think leaded fuel, which most European countries banned around the same time that the US did, will overpower the effects of lead-based paint. There have been findings that the murder rate is closely correlated with the total amount of environmental lead from 21 years earlier[1]. [1] http://www.livescience.com/38056-murder-rate-and-the-environ... The amount of water that people need for basic personal use is so small that they could just take your word on how many people are in a household. The payoff for fraud is just so low that it wouldn't be worth it. An acre-foot of water, the amount that some farmers are paying $20 for, is 325,000 gallons. At that price, a typical persons usage would be about $0.20/month. Raising that number by 10x, which is roughly the price San Diego pays for water, each person would be using about $2 of water per month. Even assuming the worst case, that 100% of the water had to be produced by desalination costing $2000 per acre-foot, that would only be $20 per person per month. I believe that's true in the US as well because there are a huge number of sole proprietorships and partnerships. However, the companies with shareholders tend to be much larger companies, so they still make up a very portion of the economy. They are still hugely inefficient. The US spends more per capita on Medicare/Medicaid than the UK spends on the NHS and only covers a small fraction of the population instead of everyone. The court was in Las Vegas, and Microsoft, No-IP and the company that was ordered to redirect the domains are all based in the US. In what sense is this an international case? I don't see anything on that site that gives evidence of cases filed in other jurisdictions. Which documents are you referring to? That really shows how generic the job category "Managers" is. It's one of the most common jobs for every decile of income above the bottom three. Women were 50% more likely than men to prefer a male boss and 79% more likely than men to prefer a female boss. The biggest difference seems to be that women were much more likely to express any preference at all. Hollywood actors and NFL players have essentially 100% union participation. That hasn't prevented the top performers from negotiating exceptionally high pay. There is no reason to expect a union of software developers to rigidly follow the example of blue collar unions. I would describe your job as "sole proprietor" rather than as "software developer". It doesn't seem to be the software development that's giving you problems, but rather the difficulty of running a small business in the gaming industry. It's obvious what retailers get out of it. Credit card fees are a significant amount of money to them. It's not obvious is what consumers get out of it. What incentive do customers have to use this form of payment? After taking credit card rewards into account, credit cards fees end up making everything http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multimedia_Messaging_Service So it will be a substantial improvement, but won't go far enough? They are contractors, but are they independent contractors? I think it's more likely that they are employees of a staffing firm that Google contracts out to for workers rather than independent contractors that Google contracts directly. She had 6 grand lying around to pay for a mere 3 months of health insurance, so it doesn't seem like she was overly short on money. Her problem was that she couldn't keep her health insurance even at that exorbitant price. They needed every single Democratic vote to pass it in the Senate. Many concessions were made to get some of the more conservative Democratic senators on board. Don't believe the rhetoric. American troops are in other countries to protect American interests, not to protect the rest of the world. I will be impressed if they actually manage to build BRT. BRT projects in the US tend to suffer from "BRT creep". Although the upfront cost is significantly lower than rail, it is still much more expensive than normal buses, so most localities don't have the political will to build BRT without removing most of the features that make it rapid. That helps, but the cost of the other features is still significant. I would still expect them to get a lot of complaints about why they are spending so much money on "bus stops" and why they can't just put up a pole with a little sign on it. In a sane legal system, that would be true. Unfortunately, the US Supreme Court has upheld mandatory arbitration clauses, so companies are now allowed to effectively exempt themselves from the law. And their customers should do anything in their power to protect the interests of their own shareholders. That includes publicly complaining in hopes that the negative publicity will force Slack to change their terms. Even if you accept that corporations must disregard ethics and legality and act solely to maximize the interests of their shareholders, that doesn't that you can't complain about their actions. That doesn't appear to be accurate. #3 Fairfax County, VA and #9 Montgomery County, MD both have over a million people which puts them in the top 50 counties in the US by population. The others are smaller, but many are still much larger than Los Alamos. #4 Loudoun County, VA has 350,000, #6 Howard County, MD has 290,000, #2 Arlington County, VA has 227,000 and #7 Alexandria City, VA has 140,000. It's also worth mentioning that those six counties are all contiguous with each other. That's a combined total of over 3 million people. That's far too many to dismiss as simply a statistical outlier. Operator overloading is useful for a lot more than just math. Overloading * and -> is useful for pointer-like types. Overloading () is useful for function-like types. Overloading [] is useful for collections and overloading ++ and -- is useful for iterators. For "real" technology companies like AeroFS, that use a small fraction of the H-1B quota, it's about talent. For body shops like Infosys, WiPro, Tata, etc that use up the vast majority of the H-1B visas it's absolutely about cost. I'm all for allowing more skilled workers to immigrate, but not on the terms of the H-1B visa. The H-1B visa gives too much power to the employer. Workers should be able to move to a different company without going through a bureaucratic process and without their green card application resetting, and they should not have to leave the country if they are out of work for a few months. That might make small towns better if you want to start a "lifestyle business" instead of a VC funded startup. It's actually kind of complicated whether there are benefits or drawbacks to being married. For couples where most of the income comes from one person, there are benefits. For couples with roughly equal incomes, there is a marriage penalty for couples with very high (because the upper tax brackets start at less than twice of the corresponding single tax brackets) or very low (because of EITC) income. Here a chart that depicts how the effect of marriage on taxes varies with income: http://taxfoundation.org/article/effects-marriage-tax-burden... Palo Alto has one of the highest levels of education in the country. The rest of the bay area ranks highly as well. However that entire region only makes up less than 20% of California's population. The rest of the state brings down the average. Yes, C++ has no shortage of ways to initialize variables. Any of these should work TYPENAME v {1, 2, 3}; TYPENAME v = {1, 2, 3}; auto v = TYPENAME {1, 2, 3}; By US standards, that is an unbelievably low salary for a junior programmer and an above average PhD stipend. I doubt you would find many programmers here whose incomes would increase while they were doing a PhD. They would be much more likely to take a substantial pay cut. No, that's not normal. There are two acceptable scenarios: 1. You get paid. 2. You are a co-founder and have a large share of the upside if the business becomes successful. Anything else is unacceptable and exploitative for a for-profit business to ask for. It would require rethinking the data structure used to store it to make it work efficiently. A trie-like structure would probably work. I'm not debating that it's inefficient if you use the same data structure that is used now. That's why I suggested using a different one. Instead of a flat list of file names for each directory, you store the file names in a trie, so that files with a shared prefix in their name have a shared ancestor node in the trie. To do a directory rename, you just have to find the node in the trie that corresponds to the directory, move that node to a different location in the trie and change the portion of the name that is stored in that node. No, because you could also rename any shared prefix of file names, not just the parts that end with a slash. Instead of directories having a special significance, now any arbitrary prefix in a file name has the same significance. The time and space complexity aren't different. That's the whole point I have been arguing, i.e. that you can support the paths as an arbitrary string semantics without losing efficiency for a directory rename operation. What if instead of just one file starting with b, you have multiple files starting with b? If there are files with names bc, bd and be, `mv b B` now renames all of those to Bc, Bd and Be. With normal directories, there is no way to do that as one operation. No, copyright exists to incentivize the creation of new works for the benefit of society. That's the easiest way to get big raises, but you should expect at least a few percent raise every year without switching jobs. Otherwise you are taking an effective pay cut after inflation. It's only the middling scores that aren't very predictive. Scores >=80% and In the US, "States" are sovereign states that gave up some limited amount of sovereignty to join the Union. That's true of some of the states, such as the original 13 and Texas, but it's not true of most of them. Most states never had any form of sovereignty and were just arbitrarily created divisions of territory. It's not like developers are unique in having lower wages outside of cities. Entry-level HR people in your location probably made significantly less than you. VAT is essentially a sales tax. Sales taxes in the US are usually 5-10%. Drinking water scarcity is simply not going to happen any time in the foreseeable future. The amount of water we need for drinking is just far too small. The much more imminent danger is a shortage of water for irrigation leading to a food shortage. Multi-modal computing is the future. One device to do everything fails just as much when that one device is a phone as it does when that one device is a PC. There are many things that a mobile device just can't do as well as a PC (not in terms of computing power, but in terms of user interaction). There are other things that can be done better by a specialized embedded computer than they can by a phone or a PC. The future is in seamless interoperability between different forms of computing devices; not in a single form of computing device taking over all applications. Adjuncts typically don't get paid a salary; they get paid a certain amount for each course they teach, so they aren't on that schedule. UN pays their adjuncts $1,130 per credit[1, Section 6], so someone teaching four courses each semester would make $27,120 per year. [1] http://system.nevada.edu/tasks/sites/Nshe/assets/File/BoardO... The no-voting zone was created around two already existing cities (Georgetown and Alexandria). Decades of trying to keep up with the US militarily at the expense of everything else. A monad is any pair of functions (usually called `bind`/`>>=` and `return`) that fulfills the three monad laws: 1. bind(return(a), f) = f(a) 2. bind(m, return) = m 3. bind(bind(m, f), g) = bind(m, x -> bind(f(x), g)) That's all. Any pair of functions with those properties is a monad. DC is at least as good as San Francisco for living without a car. You're having problems because you're out in the suburbs. Move into DC proper or even to a more accessible suburb like Ballston, Clarendon, Crystal City, etc or even just move a bit closer to old town Alexandria and it's very easy to live without a car. Possibly for the two different types of caps lock. The kind that inverts the case of everything and the kind that makes everything uppercase. > But "DC" is a tiny part of the "DC area". Every city has outlying suburbs and not a single one has excellent transit throughout the entire metropolitan area. The DC metropolitan area has the lowest mode share for private automobiles and the highest mode share for public transportation of any except for NYC. It is objectively the second best city in the US for getting around without a car. It is clearly not as good as NYC but it is certainly not worse than San Francisco. I would distinguish insurance vs. welfare by whether you can collect them without having paid into them first. That would make Social Security, SSDI and unemployment insurance programs while food stamps, Medicare and Medicaid are welfare programs. Whether they are paid with a special tax or from the general fund is orthogonal to whether they are insurance or welfare. Almost the entire US has a problem doing public transit properly. They are a variety of reasons, but it mostly boils down to government policies that favor private vehicles and suburban sprawl. I would rather have a phone that's good at the things I use a phone for than one that's marginally less crappy at things that I use a PC for. > In the US, is it cheaper to live rurally? In the UK that is not true at all in my experience, country living here is aspirational and generally a sign of wealth. Is it really more expensive, or is it just difficult to afford to live there because of the lack of employment opportunities? I wouldn't count on it. The people who are getting something for free often have the most unrealistic expectations. In that case, if you write a new reader macro every time a syntactic feature (or lack thereof) irks you, you're never going to get anything done. What about times when you aren't allowed to park at all? For instance, to use the space as an extra traffic lane during rush hour or to allow street cleaning. The equity is preposterously low for an early stage startup. Even if the company were incredibly successful and ended up being worth $100 million (unlikely) and your equity wasn't diluted at all (unlikely), your equity would only be worth $50k. I think the suggestion is to turn your meetings into walks, not to turn your walks into meetings. I would develop software even if I didn't get paid for it, but I wouldn't develop the software that other people want developed. I couldn't give a crap if someone "steals" a small snippet of my code equal in significance to a single joke. Anyone who claims to have learned programming without doing that is lying or delusional. This isn't a new regulation. It's just a public advisory that blocking wifi is illegal under existing regulations. The justification for the regulation is to protect the public's ability to use the public airwaves. That's why this the advisory was issued by the FCC, rather than an agency concerned with consumer protection. This rule doesn't stop them from kicking anyone operating a wifi hotspot out of their hotel, or stop them from requiring anyone who enters the hotel to submit to being searched for wifi equipment. The only thing it stops them from doing is jamming the public airwaves. They are allowed to prevent people from operating wifi hotspots in their hotels, but they aren't allowed to use illegal means to do so. Analogously, movie theaters are allowed to stop people from bringing in outside food, but they aren't allowed to assault someone to take away food that they brought in. To some extent the virtual DOM is what enables that, because it allows that style of programming while still having good performance. There are two things that stop it from being slow in practice: 1. The virtual DOM that render deals with is several orders of magnitude faster than the real DOM, so you need to have thousands of elements before it starts taking longer than making the one change to the real DOM for the one element that changed 2. You can skip calling render on subcomponents that haven't changed, so while updating a list of 10000 elements where one has changed would require iterating through 10000 elements, updating a list of 100 elements that each contains 100 elements where one of the bottom level elements has changed would only require iterating through 200 elements. Mine as well. With the exception of Capitol Hill and the sliver of the NW quadrant lying to the east of Rock Creek Park, it fits almost exactly into the commonly accepted rule of thumb that SE and NE are predominately black while NW and Virginia are predominately white. > I've noticed a lot of Rust lovers commenting about how great Rust's type system is. It probably is, but I haven't run into any problems with Go's type system. I've found it to be practical and easy to use. Go doesn't have generics. To someone coming from a language like Rust, saying that your type system doesn't have generics is like saying your car doesn't have wheels. It's just considered non-negotiable. It's a header-only library, so it should be inlined. Except that in the US, where many, perhaps even most, of the people on this site work, it is not a protected title. You can not claim to be a "Professional Engineer" or to be a supplier of "engineering services", but there are no restrictions on calling yourself an "Engineer". I'm not in any of those countries, so no, I don't. I don't see how what the rest of the world does is relevant to what people in the US call themselves. We don't expect you to follow our cultural norms. Don't expect us to follow yours. And for the other 99.5% of the people in the world, different laws apply. Only for the small number of people who don't pay taxes to the country where they live. > The GPL is not a free license. It restricts freedoms only to people it deems to be morally acceptable. That's just completely false. It does not restrict who can use it. It restricts how you can use it, but not who can use it. But are you really going to have a single list of 1 million components or are you going to have 1000 components that each contain 1000 components? The second case is much more common and is handled just fine. If you really do need a 1 million top-level sub-components, then you need to look at different data structures other than just a flat list The median salary for registered nurses in San Francisco is $127k[1], so no they aren't saying that. [1] http://money.usnews.com/careers/best-jobs/registered-nurse/s... San Francisco has the "sun tax" which means that salaries don't keep up with the cost of living. Its climate is much more pleasant than Delaware so people are willing to sacrifice financially to live there. That results in a lower ratio of average salary to cost of living. Because the host doesn't pick one of the doors and magically make the goat appear there. One of the doors already has a goat behind it; he just looks behind the doors and opens one of the doors that already has a goat behind it. Probably because the two largest English speaking countries in the world place almost no restrictions on using the title "Engineer" whatsoever, so people from those countries get annoyed when people authoritatively state that you must not use the title "Engineer" unless you are properly certified, neglecting to mention that their authoritative statements apply to perhaps 10% of their audience. It's also illegal to commit murder in the US. Yet it still happens ~14,000 times per year. If you use PureRenderMixin, all child components must also be pure. If a pure component wants to change what it renders because of an event, it must change its state, otherwise it won't be re-rendered. > From what I could find with a quick Google search it looks like California is one. Could you provide a source for that? I know that California regulates the title "Professional Engineer" or providing "engineering services" but I'm not aware of any regulation preventing someone from using engineer in job titles. From that forum thread: > The California Board does regulate certain engineering titles, but not all. For example, they don't regulate the plain-vanilla title of "engineer". They also don't regulate titles like "aerospace engineer" or "project engineer". > The law only gives them authority over certain specific titles, as per Section 6732 of the Professional Engineer's Act: >QUOTE >It is unlawful for anyone other than a professional engineer licensed under this chapter to stamp or seal any plans, specifications, plats, reports, or other documents with the seal or stamp of a professional engineer, or in any manner, use the title “professional engineer,” “licensed engineer,” “registered engineer,” or “consulting engineer,” or any of the following branch titles: “agricultural engineer,” “chemical engineer,” “civil engineer,” “control system engineer,” “electrical engineer,” “fire protection engineer,” “industrial engineer,” “mechanical engineer,” “metallurgical engineer,” “nuclear engineer,” “petroleum engineer,” or “traffic engineer,” or any combination of these words and phrases or abbreviations thereof unless licensed under this chapter. So, it wouldn't apply to simply a generic "Engineer" or a "Software Engineer" Educated professionals such as doctors, lawyers, professors etc. is the original definition of "middle class". It's called "middle class" because it's between the "working class" and "upper class" in income, not because it's in the exact center of the income distribution. > could you or him point me to any page in the C99 standard document where it is explicitly stated along the lines that the compiler "should assume" the pointer to be not NULL after an undefined dereferencing in line You won't find a line that states it explicitly, but the standard does allow it. If the pointer is null, de-referencing it invokes undefined behavior, so the program is allowed to do literally anything. That includes doing whatever it would have done if the pointer wasn't null. So the compiler is allowed to assume that the pointer is not null. Did you read the article? If you accept his conclusions, then long term even using bitcoin for $1 transactions much less for $0.000001 isn't economically feasible since he proposes that the true cost of a bitcoin transaction is ~$10. But that wouldn't be bitcoin anymore. It would be a different crypto-currency.