You might want to consider punting on the question altogether by taking angel money as convertible debt instead of equity. Or try this: http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf It's a meat market. I applied (out of intellectual curiosity) and got in, but decided not to actually go through with it when I learned that birthday, age, height and "build" (choices are "slim", "athletic", "average" and "curvy") are required information before you can activate your account. I wasn't planning on it. Don't let that stop you though. > (How big? I don't know. Big!) I didn't say it was a big problem, I said it was a real problem. And the larger your code base, and the more people start sharing code, the more real it will be. It is only a matter of time before someone writes something like: (let foo snoz (jims-macro frotz)) and gets an error of the form "42 is not a valid function" and has to spend an hour puzzling over where that error came from before realizing that Jim's macro expands into Bob's macro which expands into Ann's macro which uses a helper function called foo. Is it a "big" problem? Maybe not. But it's a real problem, and given that one of your stated goals was to design "the 100 year language" I think it's a shame that you chose to solve it by placing the burden on the programmers. (And I use the plural advisedly here, because the potential for encountering this problem grows as the community grows and people start re-using each other's code.) But I would reiterate that the lack of abstract data types is IMO a much bigger problem than the lack of hygienic macros. (And just so you know I'm not just sniping from the sidelines, I have proposed solutions implemented in CL which I'd be happy to help port to Arc if you agree that this is in fact a problem.) > It seems several people are comparing Arc to other Lisps. Not me (at least I hope not). I was trying to judge Arc entirely by the standards that Paul set for it in his foundational essays. > what would it take for you to use Arc instead of Python for web programming? At the very least better documentation :-) There appear to be some really cool things in the Arc web infrastructure, but the only way to figure out how to use them at the moment seems to be to reverse-engineer the code. That's kinda the right idea. There are two problems with your specific proposal: 1) it places a considerable burden on the programmer to annotate every invocation of a top-level function. For complex macros that can become quite annoying. 2) Baking the concept of a single top-level into the macro system makes it hard to add modules later. If you pursue the idea of having the system walk the code and automatically insert those annotations you will (almost certainly) end up re-inventing hygienic macros. (For the record, I much prefer the Lisp2 solution, because it's the hacker's solution. It's not mathematically elegant, but it's simple (compared to hygiene) and it gets the job done.) For the record, I did not submit this article, and specifically declined a request to do so. It's not that I don't stand by what I wrote (I do) but it was written for a specific audience at a specific time and I don't think it deserves the attention that it's getting now. Thanks! > Is this not sniping from the sidelines? No, because I'm hacking too :-) > Ron criticizes, but doesn't suggest anything better That's because my whole point is that programming is much too rich and complicated for any one metric to be particularly useful. (Ironically, the exact same thing is true of painting, which is Paul' central metaphor!) Working on it. My favorite quote: Lisp was great at the time of its inception if only for a radically new way of using machines. It has suffered the fate of having been elevated to a status of de facto standard with all its defects. Despite its conceptual novelty a lot of the design of Lisp is terribly amateurish even by the standards of the time. When I read the first manual, the Lisp 1.5 manual, published in 1961, I could not believe my eyes. It was an extremely poor language. Now it has become the defacto standard of the AI community, which now suffers from Lisp, the way the rest of the world suffered from Fortran. What's wrong with the file system? I suggest FST and RST. These are composable, e.g. FFRRST == CAADDR. Y Combinator of course :-) I agree. Taking an equity investment at a too-high valuation can jeopardize your chances of getting more money down the road. If, as you say, you don't need the cash and you're doing this for the connections, just give them the 0.1% in exchange for their services as a consultant. Taking such a tiny amount of cash for equity will be more trouble than it's worth. It's not just the academic job market -- all of Western civilization is a pyramid scheme. Here's a shorter version of the same thing: http://www.flownet.com/ron/chaitin.html I've used TrustCommerce and I highly recommend them. I've also used authorize, paymentech, and cybersource. TC is head-and-shoulders above the rest IMO. From first principles, actively looking for such a person is IMO a major mistake. You are essentially looking for someone to invest in your company, but to buy their shares with labor instead of cash. So you need someone who is 1) financially able to make such an investment, 2) a savvy enough investor to be able to assess whether or not your company is worth investing in (or foolish enough to make the investment without due diligence) and 3) able (and willing) to program. Such a mix of skills and financial means is very rare. This is not to say that if you should happen to be lucky enough to find such a person that you should not hire them, but actively looking is not wise. Division of labor is a very powerful tool and should not be discarded lightly. You're much more likely to succeed if you get investors to invest and hackers to hack and not try to fram these two disparate skills into one brain. IMHO, YMMV, etc. Yes, that is what founders do. But you didn't say you were looking for a co-founder who could hack, you said you were looking for a hacker willing to work for equity. These are not the same thing. The distinction is important. Asking for "a hacker who works for equity" (with only a "chance to be part of the founding team") makes it sound like you're looking for someone to be an employee and an investor, but not a member of the senior management team. Pretty cool, but you kind of gave it away with that headline. I suspect this has something to do with OLPC switching from Linux to XP. Take any fish fillet about 1/2-3/4 inch thick. Sprinkle with the seasoning of your choice. Stick it in a toaster over set to 400 degrees. (Put a sheet of tinfoil in the baking tray and you won't even have any cleanup.) It will be done in ten minutes. While you are waiting, boil 1 cup of water. Turn off the heat and throw in 2/3 cup of couscous. This should put you at about the five minute mark. Throw a veggie of your choice in the microwave. Everything will be done, hot, tasty and nutritious at ten minutes. It's pretty foolproof and east-cleanup too. This is pretty much our standard dinner most nights. (And I'm not even doing a startup right now!) > That's sort of a semantic debate, isn't it? No. There's one very significant difference between a VC and YC. VC's invest other people's money. YC doesn't. VC's may also invest their own money, but this is incidental to their primary business, which is to assemble investment portfolios for other people to invest in. They charge a fee for this, and many VC's make most of their money from these fees, not from the returns on the investments. This has real consequences. VC's are much more risk-averse than YC, because if they have a bad year it can put them out of business. (No one will want to invest their money in a VC which lost money for their previous investors.) If YC has a bad year they can just shrug it off, learn from the experience, and try again. This dynamic also changes the VC's risk posture in another way. A VC has much more to lose from a loss than they have to gain from a really big win. If a VC has a really big win, most of the money goes to the investors, not to the VC. The VC's primary benefit from a Really Big Win will be that more people will want to participate in their next round of investments, which is nice, but that in and of itself doesn't make you a billionaire. So VC's are much more interested in avoiding loss than in going after a Really Big Win. YC, by contrast, has nothing to lose from a loss except the money they put in (which is not much), and a lot to gain from a Really Big Win (since they are the investor). This makes YC willing to take much bigger gambles than a VC would. It also aligns YC's interests with the interests of the companies they invest in, since the bigger the company wins, the bigger YC wins. The point is that whatever YC loses, it's theirs and not someone else's. They do not have a fiduciary duty to anyone but themselves. This significantly changes their risk posture. It's not just a semantic quibble. Maybe time to add down-arrows. Great idea, lousy execution. Besides the problems others have already mentioned, it's slooooooooowwwwwwww. Also, two very serious fundamental problems: 1. Many of your translations are wrong. I took the Spanish lesson. All of the Spanish verbs are infinitives, but the English translations are all gerunds. 2. Learning a language one word at a time doesn't really teach you the language. You need to learn more than just vocabulary, you need grammar, conjugations, declinations, etc. But I hasten to add, the idea of a language tutor that keeps track of what you know and only drills you on the stuff you don't is a really good one and very promising if you can actually make it work. But it's not an easy problem. (For an aspiring entrepreneur this is a good thing. If it were easy someone else would have done it already.) Exercise. Seriously. Endorphines are really good for putting life in perspective. I've used domainsite for many years. They've had a couple of annoying email outages, but other than that they've been pretty solid. You can write operating systems and have low-level control over the hardware in Lisp too. Having money lets you trade one set of problems for a different set of problems. That second set generally consists of "nice problems to have" but they are problems nonetheless. Whether or not you're happier depends on which set of problems you prefer. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2006/10/top-ten-geek-business-myt... See myth #10 Actually, you're not far off the mark. I would add: - pressure from friends and family to spend the way they want you to ("Why don't you help your little sister more?") - can be hard on long-standing friendships because they can't afford to do the things you can afford, and paying for them creates awkward feelings of obligation. But the fundamental problem with having money you have to decide what to do with it, which is not nearly as easy as you might imagine. I'd put that slightly differently: if you bought heavily into the idea that money will make you happy and then find that it doesn't, then you can be truly lost. As long as you don't have money, it makes it that much easier to figure out what you ought to be doing day to day, which for many people is no small thing. Well, the data is already available on hacker news, but ye gods! you couldn't figure out a better way to package this up than a separate HTML file for each user? Because the people who came before you have mitigated a lot of the risk. I really think that Microsoft customers must have some kind of Stockholm-syndrome thing going on in their brains. This is not the first time Microsoft has screwed its customers, and it won't be the last. And yet, for reasons passing my understanding, people keep coming back for more. Just for the record, the "Lisper" in question isn't me, it's Dan Weinreb. This essay really makes me wish for down-arrows. It seems to me nothing more than a plug for Alan Watts's CD, and the not-exactly-earth-shattering observation that people sometimes make unwarranted assumptions. A few more examples of the kinds of these "far more dangerous lies" would have been helpful. > This is probably something workable, but then it needs a certain proactive work from users which I think people who don't clear their inboxes don't do normally. Doesn't matter. As long as a big enough percentage of the recipients participate it will work. > What about jobseekers who spam employers. As much as this is spam, there are diamonds in the rough. This is for free email accounts only. ISP's could charge a progressive schedule of fees for accounts with fewer restrictions. It would still serve to eliminate spam because spam relies on the accounts being actually free in order to be profitable. > privacy issues. just not worth it. Again, this is for free accounts only. I'm a big privacy advocate, but I think a compromise on privacy to reduce spam is a worthwhile tradeoff. > If you determined that there were differences between races, and it was in the best interest of your children to discriminate against certain people, what would you tell them? I would tell them to beware of plausible-sounding theories. And I'd have them read this: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2007/11/science-103-virtue-of-sim... I recommend TrustCommerce. > Is there anything out there like a micro-VC or investors club for tech startups? Yes, there are many of these. > Say n people put up $x each to fund a project. What are the implications? You would have $nx. :-) > Would it work? That depends on what you mean by "work". People do it. Some of the people who do it even make money doing it. > If so, who's in? Ah, there's the rub. The trick is: > I'm a hacker who'd love to invest in other people's startups. I, of course, don't have enough savings on hand to do any significant damage. If you don't have your own money to invest then you need to convince other people to let you play with their money. That is not such an easy thing to do. Starting an investment fund is not fundamentally different from starting any other kind of business. But you can't just join the VC club and start raking in the cash any more than you can just join the entrepreneur's club and start raking in the cash. At root they're the same club. The confusion about OO is due entirely to people's failure to apply Ron's First Law: All extreme positions are wrong. What happens is that someone stumbles upon a new technique that seems to be good for something, so they decide that it must be good for everything, and when they realize that it's not good for everything (typically ten years into the process) they decide that it was all hype and it must be good for nothing. So everyone stampedes off to find the Next Big Thing, whatever that is, and the whole sorry cycle starts all over again. It's particularly amusing as a Lisp programmer to watch all these fads come and go because none of these ideas are new. The OO features of Java and C++ are just tiny subsets of the functionality in CLOS. XML and JSON are nothing more than (bad) re-inventions of S-expressions. Aspect-oriented programming is just a hack to get around the fact that Java doesn't have macros or multimethods. And on and on it goes. The right answer, of course, is that OO (and every other programming technique) is good for some things and not other things. Figuring out what things a particular technique is and is not good for is a big part of mastering the art of programming. Absolutely correct. Over on the Lisp lists I sometimes make the point that Lisp failed precisely because it was so powerful that one person could be productive enough to get useful work done by themselves. As a result, Lisp tended (and maybe still tends) to attract people who don't work well with others, whereas if you program in C you have no choice but to work as part of a team if you want to get anything done at all. At the end of the day teamwork wins, even when hobbled by inferior tools. Or you can just realize that get_X is the Wrong Thing and you should just write GetterDoneInstance.X instead. That's only a problem if you think the terminology matters. It doesn't. What matters are the concepts. It's much easier to map the terminology onto the concepts than to try to go the other way around. For example, it's much easier to go from a concept like "I can use the SAME NAME for DIFFERENT FUNCTIONS in the SAME PROGRAM, and there are various ways to map useful semantics onto the resulting code" to "If I resolve the ambiguity at run-time then it's POLYMORPHISM and if I do it at compile time then it's OPERATOR OVERLOADING" than it is to start with the terms POLYMORPHISM and OPERATOR OVERLOADING and try to learn what they mean and what they are good for. But using instance.a is not wrong because you can override __getattr__. And if overriding __getattr__ is not the right thing then what you are writing is not a getter. Under no circumstances is it justified IMHO to write a get_X method. (And if your language doesn't let you override __getattr__ then you need a better language.) IMHO of course. I don't claim this to be a hard and fast rule. It is obviously not impossible for Lispers to work together. My theory is just that Lisp tends to attract non-team-players more than C does, and the macro effect of this is that in the main C wins. There will, of course, be exceptions. There's a flaw in Eratostenes reasoning: you have to assume that the sun is effectively infinitely far away. In Eratosthenes's day there was no way to know this. The one measurement he did does not prove the world is round. It could merely indicate that the sun is nearby. (It makes an interesting exercise to calculate just how near it would have to be, and to design another experiment to eliminate this possibility.) With all due respect, did it never occur to you to get this all figured out BEFORE you had kids? I'm 44 and I just started on my fourth. Sorry for not responding sooner. Hacker News needs an active message flag like Reddit has. The first one (flownet.com) failed. Never made a dime. Never found an investor. But we had working (hardware) prototypes. The second one (indiebuyer.net) made some revenue but ultimately ran out of money and folded. The third one was acquired by Richard Branson and is now Virgin Charter. (That wasn't an exit, so I still haven't made any money from it. But it's looking promising. At least it's still in business, and doing well last I heard.) The fourth one is looking pretty promising as well. (Actually there's a fifth one too, which is also looking pretty good.) So I've been at it off and on for fifteen years (we started FlowNet in '93) and I still haven't made a dime off a startup of my own. But I think I'm getting better at it :-) Dwight Eisenhower famously said, "Plans are useless, but planning is indispensable." My point is that it is NOT impossible to plan for. Many aspects of having kids are quite predictable, including all the issues that the OP was asking about. I've tweaked the blog post a bit to hopefully make this clearer. P.S. And maybe I don't really know how hard it is to raise kids. It may well be even harder than I imagine. But that doesn't change the fact that anyone who waits until two months after the kid is born to figure out who is going to take care of it has not planned ahead adequately. Nreece's corollary to Hofstadter's law: raising kids is harder than you think even when you take into account nreece's corollary to Hofstadter's law. :-) > Kids are not startups. Of course they are. They aren't startup companies , they are startup humans , but they are definitely startups. > I hope you're not implying that kids have the same failure rates as startup companies. Of course not. We've been making startup humans for a lot longer than we've been making startup companies. So it's no surprise that we're better at it. (Still room for improvement though IMHO.) Or here: http://flownet.com/ron/cuil.gif (They seem to have fixed this.) The Right Answer to this question is, "No, I hadn't heard about that study. Can you send me a pointer?" That completely defuses the situation, and hedges against the possibility that the guy might not be joking. This actually makes an interesting psychological experiment. I know German, and I found I could not focus on the subtitles unless I turned the sound down, which took away some of the emotional impact. But it made me laugh anyway. I disagree with one point: "They do seem to expect an answer to the [question of how much money you are trying to raise]. But I don't think you should just tell them a number." It's very useful to have a number in mind, and it's very helpful for an investor to know what that number is. If I only have $50k to invest and you're trying to raise $10M then talking to you is probably wasting both of our time. (The reverse is true too. If I'm running a $100M fund and you only need $25k to get to your next milestone it's not a good match no matter how promising your company is.) It's helpful to think of the question as, "How much money can you make effective use of at the moment" or "How much do you want to raise before you stop putting immediate effort into raising money" or "How much do you need to get you to your next significant milestone (and what is that milestone)?" Absolutely. When you look back and can honestly say that if you had it to do over again you wouldn't do anything differently, then it's bad luck. Yeah, that's what I meant. Given the information you had at the time... I've written three billing systems. None had any common code, and in retrospect it's doubtful that it would have made much sense. The business structure just had too big of an impact on the design. If all the businesses you're trying to serve have a similar business model (e.g. shipping physical stuff, or digital subscriptions, or selling software downloads) then you might get some leverage, but as soon as you throw in anything weird (refunds, credit card holds, recurring billing, staged billing, payment by something other than a credit card, etc. etc. etc.) it can get very, very complicated. Which is probably why there's not a one-size-fits-all solution out there. > "You lying cunt" is an eloquent affirmation of love. Why am I suddenly reminded of Alan Sokal? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sokal_affair http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf > Once you measure it, it is no longer entangled. This is not true. If it were then FTL communication would be possible. See http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf You don't need quantum mechanics to produce this kind of a result. One-time-pad encryption does essentially the same thing. Both the "key" and the "ciphertext" (I put them in scare quotes because they are mathematically indistinguishable) by themselves are just random bit strings containing zero information. But together they contain all the information of the original cleartext. Yawn. Lisp had this feature fifty years ago. OK, looks like kraemate is the overwhelming winner, though I have to give an honorable mention to byrneseyeview. Post (or email if you don't want it made public) your mailing address and I'll send them out today. You win. Post (or email if you don't want it made public) your mailing address and I'll send them out. I quit JPL and started a new career as a VC :-) > Using different operators for ints and floats in OCaml is like making people use prefix notation for arithmetic in Lisp - you get used to it Until the day when you have a large code base and you decide that something that you originally decided to make an an int really ought to be a float instead. Then you'll get unused to it again. > If you think your numeric type everywhere may change down the road If programmers were always that foresightful, programming in general would be a whole lot easier. > Or, change it once, and let the compiler show you everywhere else it needs to be fixed. I find this downright perverse. If a compiler is smart enough to know what needs to be fixed then it should just go ahead and fix it instead of fobbing the job off onto the programmer. Thanks :-) > OCaml's H-M type system doesn't try to guess whether you meant all references to x to be type A or type B, it just tells you that they aren't internally consistent. No, it doesn't tell you that. It tells you that they are internally inconsistent WITH RESPECT TO OCAML's SEMANTICS. They are not internally inconsistent in any absolute sense, as evidenced by the fact that I can write (+ x y) in Lisp and it will produce a sensible result whether x and y are integers, floats, rationals, complex numbers, or any combination of the above. This is an existence proof that compilers can figure these things out. Hence, any compiler that doesn't figure these things out and places this burden back on the programmer is deficient. OCAML's design requires its compiler to be deficient in this way, which makes OCAML IMHO badly broken. OCAML, in essence, requires the programmer to engage in premature optimization of arithmetic primitives. The result is, unsurprisingly, a lot of unnecessary work when certain kinds of changes need to be made. Maybe you can "get used to" this kind of pain, but to me that seems to be missing the point rather badly. > This really shouldn't be an error And it isn't: ? (setf *READ-DEFAULT-FLOAT-FORMAT* 'double-float) DOUBLE-FLOAT ? (+ 1203981239.123d0 129381723987498237492138461293238947239847293848923) 1.2938172398749823E+50 ? Nope. I haven't been doing it long enough to have gotten any good stories out of it yet. I did write this a while back, which was a big hit in its day: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2006/10/top-ten-geek-business-myt... Of course. Sooner or later you bump up against the fact that real machines are finite. That's not the issue. The issue is this: you ask two compilers to add 1 and 2.3. Compiler A says the answer is 3.3. Compiler B says it's an error. Which compiler would you rather use? It's ultimately a matter of taste. You can push compiler cleverness too far. For example, 1+"2.3" probably should be an error (and if you don't think so, what should 1+"two point three" return?) But the rules for mixing integers, floats, rationals and complex numbers are pretty well worked out, and IMHO any language that forces the programmer to reinvent them is b0rken. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2008/09/ive-never-been-so-happy-t... You may be surprised. I was pretty sure our cat would have to be convinced to wear it, but he took it without any complaints. It works surprisingly well. We were able to discover that our cat had a friend we didn't know about: http://www.flownet.com/ron/pictures/catcam.jpg Nope, you can do this. Brian Singerman and I did it. But it's a boatload of work. We did it once, and I'm pretty sure we won't do it again, at least not any time soon. Note that Python effectively has an open-brace (the colon) but no close-brace except for unindent. Personally, I hate this because if I'm in emacs and I hit the tab (autoindent) key the result may or may not be what I want. I personally use a programming style where I use a PASS statement as a close-brace so my code can always be safely autoindented without changing its semantics. But this is rather ugly. It would be better to have a less obnoxious but still backwards-compatible close-brace, like ## or maybe #> Some day I'll hack emacs-mode.elisp to support this. I recommend Dennet's book. In a nutshell, his thesis is that our subjective experience of consciousness in the here-and-now is an illusion, that what's really going on is the brain is writing and re-writing its memories to build up an internal model that is consistent with all the sensory input its receiving. This crazy-sounding idea is actually consistent with experimental results. You aren't really conscious, you just think you are. :-) You might also enjoy: http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf , especially sections 5 and 6. http://www.flownet.com/ron/fix_excel.txt No no no no no. No. http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=463234 But that in and of itself doesn't mean anything. The content is static . That makes it much easier to prettify. Look for example at the Orchid example that I linked to: http://www.csszengarden.com/?cssfile=/211/211.css&page=0 Look at the headings. They're really beautiful. How do I do that in CSS? I can't. They are images. To really demonstrate CSS you'd need to take all those style sheets and apply them to a different HTML document and see if they still looked good. No one has done that experiment (and I suspect no one will) but I predict the results would not look nearly as good. > That's not the point of CSS. Really? If that's true then either 1) CSS is useless for dynamic content or 2) you have to dynamically generate your CSS to match your dynamic content. Which is it? I'm posting this comment only to find out what color I am. Black. Bummer. Wave collapse hasn't been taken seriously by physicists in years. It's been thoroughly debunked again and again (c.f. http://www.npl.washington.edu/npl/int_rep/tiqm/TI_toc.html , http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf ). The press keeps reporting it because it's such a delicious mystery. > Which physicists? Well, Cramer (the one I cited) for one. David Mermin. Cerf and Adami. Roland Omnes. John Preskill. How many do you want? > I gave a talk last week on decoherence To what audience? Yeah, well, those are the people I would consider the authorities, wouldn't you? BTW, collapse is easily debunked: take a two-slit experiment a put a detector at one slit. Interference is destroyed for all photons despite the "fact" that only half the photons "actually" interact with the detector. Collapse cannot account for this. (I put "fact" and "actually" in scare quotes because in true fact all the photons interact with the detector, but not according to the collapse theory.) Back in the day, I submitted this paper to the American Journal of Physics. It was rejected, not because it was incorrect, but because it didn't say anything new. If you like I can post the review. Here it is. (Gotta love modern search tools.) Edit: couldn't figure out how to paste in pre-formatted text, so here's a link instead: http://www.flownet.com/ron/ajp_review.txt Oh, you might find this amusing too: http://www.wikipatents.com/7126691.html I thought it was somewhat fair. One the one hand, it is true that the paper says nothing new. On the other hand, it doesn't claim to say anything new. It just claims to present old results in a more accessible way, which I believe it does. Furthermore, these results are clearly not widely known even within the physics community because even today you can find lots of card-carrying physicists (and a few patent examiners apparently, to say nothing of journalists) who do not understand the simple idea that measurement and entanglement are the same physical phenomenon, so clearly there is a need for some better pedagogy in this area. AJP is ostensibly devoted to physics education , which is why I chose to submit it there. So I think it would have been an appropriate venue, and I think it would have made a contribution. On the other hand, the point that I do not have adequate references for a scholarly publication is valid. So I thought the decision not to publish it was defensible, even if I didn't agree with their reasoning. I did not submit it to Foundations of Physics. Physics is not really my field of expertise, so the benefit to me from having an accepted peer-reviewed publication in this area is pretty small. This paper was the result of an exploration driven by personal curiosity. If self-publication on the web were not an option I might have been more motivated to polish it up and resubmit it, but it is so I wasn't. I'm actually between gigs right now (my partner in a startup I was trying to get off the ground had to bow out) so I may try to update it and take another whack at publishing. I actually have some new ideas about how entanglement can explain the (perceived) flow of time, but the last time it took me nearly ten years to figure it out (though it all finally came together in a wonderful "aha" moment, which almost made it all worthwhile) and I have other fish to fry. Nope. Options don't become available for several weeks after an IPO. There needs to be some historical price data to feed the black-scholes formula in order to price the options. > I think this is a deeper question than the downvoting your receiving suggests that it is. Yes, I agree. (I upvoted the comment.) A full response to this will take longer than I have right now (maybe I'll work on a blog entry later tonight). But for now, just for the record, my problem was definitely not that I was unwilling to learn new things. I love learning new things, and always have. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=546080 This is a better link: http://sitereservation.com/xooglers/index.cfm?entryid=16 I believe he's talking about Octopart. They were doing well the last time I checked. This article is complete and utter bullshit. "history offers no examples of a society that has demonstrated sustained material advance in the face of long-term population decline" Of course it does: Russia, from 1999-2007. For most of the last decade, Russia was the fastest growing economy in the G8. And it may have been growing even longer than that if you discount the contribution of the sudden drop in weapons production after the fall of the Soviet Union. Auctopart, Octomatic, who can keep these things straight? ;-) Does anyone bother to even look up the most basic facts before making proclamations any more? Oil prices were prety much flat through 2003. The rise of oil certainly helped, but you can't explain eight years of growth starting in 1999 with four years of oil price rises starting in 2003. > Developing economies generally have higher rates of growth than more advanced ones, so the fact that Russia had higher rates of growth than the seven most advanced economies in the world is fairly meaningless. Not when the thesis on the table is that "relentless, unremitting, and perhaps unstoppable depopulation" is "a bomb" that "amounts to an ethnic self-cleansing" and "carries with it grim and potentially disastrous implications." Since depopulation began in 1992 Russia has enjoyed eight years of extraordinary economic growth, not all of which can be accounted for by rising oil prices. That is a salient fact, which the article completely ignores. At best it's shoddy journalism. Not that I really think that this is appropriate for HN, but since the topic has been raised: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2009/04/hooked-on-god-religion-as... This was actually the exact comment I was going to make. Especially since the job is overseas, some form of discrimination that would be rare in the U.S. could well be in play here. SRI also has a history of being flim-flammed. Look up Harold Puthoff and Russel Targ. It's very simple to tell if there's fusion going on: if there's fusion, there will be helium. No helium, no fusion. Excess energy is a red herring. Not if it's being generated from some prosaic source, like (just shooting from the hip here) oxidizing palladium for example. And not if it's not reliably reproducible. There's no such thing as a free lunch. Most of the energy required to go from A to B is needed to overcome friction, not provide kinetic energy. That remains true whether you are above or below the surface. So burrowing down buys you virtually nothing. The amount of energy you'd need to pull yourself up the other side of the tunnel would be almost exactly the same as you would need to make the same trip at (almost) the same speed on the surface. That's why I qualified with "most" and "virtually." I haven't actually done the math, but I'd be surprised if it didn't work out to something like >90% of the total energy for a long trip going into frictional losses. Consider any vehicle: the amount of the total energy that goes into generating actual motion is roughly proportional to the time it takes to accelerate to your final cruising speed, at which point all of the energy input goes into overcoming friction. > But to accelerate to over 1000 MPH you need a lot of energy You need exactly 4 times as much energy as you do accelerate to 500 MPH, which is the speed of a slow jet. Four times a small amount is still a pretty small amount. BTW, the math in this case is really easy. Kinetic energy is 1/2 m v^2. 1000 MPH is 444m/s. So to accelerate a one metric ton vehicle to 1000 MPH requires 1/2 1000 444^2 = ~100MJ, which is less than the energy in one gallon of gasoline. > Flash completely dominates CSS/HTML/JS for rendering text accurately Except that the resulting rendering is an image so you can't copy and paste. I suppose some content providers will consider that a feature, but as a user it seems like a serious bug to me. I think a very important point is in danger of being buried in glibness here: > Highschool is a mechanism to socialize you and a filter for colleges. Nothing that goes on there is a waste of time. Being able to effectively interact with other people is an extremely important skill in life, and will become more so in the future as the world gets more crowded and less wealthy. There's an old aphorism: it's not what you know, it's who you know. It took me twenty years to learn the hard way that this aphorism contains more than a grain of truth. It is, in fact, the whole ballgame. If you're smart but no one can stand to work with you, you will lose. Contrariwise, if you're dim but people love you you will do fine. So if you don't want to waste the next two years, here's a project for you: figure out a way to get 100 of your peers working on something -- anything -- together. It doesn't have to make a profit (though that would be good), it doesn't have to make the world a better place (though that would be good too), but it should not be actively destructive (that makes it too easy) and every one of those 100 people has to be doing it because they want to. They all have to be enthusiastic about it. Note that what I'm suggesting is different from becoming "popular", though becoming popular might be helpful (or it might not). You have to actually organize these people into doing some kind of productive activity. Just inviting 100 people to a beer bash doesn't count. If you achieve that you will have just had the most useful two years of your life. Good luck. Kayak is running TokuDB. They're even paying for it :-) ACID compliance is scheduled to be released later this year. None yet AFAIK, this is inside information. But there will be a press release. That's part of the deal. > So tell me, how do we make Windows 7 better? We? Do you work for Microsoft? > Do we make decisions for our users and then complaints for not offering options? That depends on what kind of decision is being made. Whenever you offer a choice it needs to be clear what tradeoff is being made. Why would anyone not want the recommended option? A better dialog would read something like this? Do you want Windows to automatically download driver software for your devices? This works most of the time, but can cause problems with a few less popular devices. __ Yes (recommended) __ No, I don't trust you idiots at Microsoft. I want to manage my drivers manually. Do you want Windows to download realistic icons for your devices? Realistic icons look better, but use more disk space and RAM, and can have a negative impact on performance. __ Yes, I'm all about the eye candy. __ No, I have the need for speed. I think this post seriously misses the mark. For R&D (actually, I think lumping R and D together like that is a serious mistake, but that's another issue) I don't think coding matters very much at all. What matters more is raw problem-solving ability, understanding of core mathematical concepts, etc. Project Euler is a good source of questions for R&D candidates. It's important to distinguish between being brilliant and having a brilliant idea . They are not the same. The folks at MS are undoubtedly brilliant (and ruthless and unethical, but that's another matter). But Microsoft as a company has not once produced what I would consider a brilliant innovation. In fact, it's arguable that Microsoft has been successful precisely because it has not tried to be innovative, but has instead followed the less technologically risky strategy of preying on the innovation of others. If you want to dispute this, the most effective way would be to cite a counterexample. I've had this discussion with an awful lot of people over the years and so far no one has been able to come up with one. I agree these are "cool" but IMO they don't rise to the level of "brilliant". I suppose reasonable people could disagree. But I think everyone would agree that these ideas, whether they are "brilliant" or merely "cool" are not the source of Microsoft's success. Did you read the paper? The whole point of the thing is to make it non-parallelizable. That's what makes it hard. It's actually even worse than that. Even plain text files can cause problems. You make a change to a file over here, then you delete the file over there. What should be the result of the merge? There are an infinite number of such screw cases because the "right answer" depends on the semantics of the data. For example: you add a line to a file over here, then you add the same line to the same file in the same location over there. What should be the result of the merge? Should you end up with one extra line or two? What if one line has an extra trailing space? What if it was an extra leading space and the file contains Python code? > But don't these problems exist regardless of your approach? Yes, of course. That was exactly the point I was trying to make: it's a fundamentally hard problem. > Git and it's way of handling trees of old commits is a decent place to start. It clearly isn't a final solution, but building on top of it seems like a worthwhile direction, at least to me. That depends on what problem you want to solve. If you want to solve the general data-storage-in-the-cloud problem, then Git is fundamentally flawed because 1) one of the inescapable aspects of the problem is that the solution depends on the semantics of the data and 2) Git by design knows nothing about the semantics of the data. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rn5-VN3SH1o http://rondam.blogspot.com/2009/04/on-shadow-photons-and-rea... Really? How? Sorry, I don't see any world lines merging there. Can you elaborate? No worries. It actually is possible in principle for world lines to merge because all quantum interactions are in principle reversible. But the odds are so small as to be effectively indistinguishable from zero. I keep hearing about how Erik was such a smart guy and how he contributed so much to the Lisp community. I have a serious question for those of you who say that his net influence was positive despite his abrasiveness: other than "The Long, Painful History of Time", a few pithy quotes, and a lot of rants on usenet, what exactly did Erik contribute? Interesting. My question has been downvoted. But it has not been answered. > He will be missed. Yes, I get that. What I'm trying to understand is why . Is it really just the usenet postings, or did he do something else that I'm not aware of? I think I'm missing something really basic here. If you encrypt-then-mac, what is to prevent an attacker from appending a valid MAC to a forged ciphertext (in order to mount a DOS attack for example)? Ah. Thanks. I knew I was missing something basic :-) I second that recommendation. I've worked with all the major payment processors at one time or another and TC is the only one that really seemed to Get It. Even that search yields only 14 results. I'm pretty sure there have been more than 14 posts to comp.lang.c. Focus on the positive: are you healthy? Have enough to eat? Have hot and cold running water? A roof over your head? Air conditioning? Those thing alone make you better off than most of the people on the planet. The definitive work on this subject was done by T.L. Freeman in 1983: http://everything2.com/index.pl?node_id=932040&displayty... Originally published in the Journal of Irreproducible Results. :-) > If, as the problem states, the treadmill can equal the forward thrust of the engines If the problem stated that you would be correct. But the problem doesn't state that. The problem states: > This conveyor has a control system that tracks the plane speed and tunes the speed of the conveyor to be exactly the same (but in the opposite direction). So you are wrong. What happens is that the plane moves one way, the conveyer moves the other way at the same speed, and the wheels spin twice as fast as they normally would. But the rolling friction of the wheels is negligible, so the plane takes off just fine. And if you still don't believe me, the Mythbusters actually did the experiment full-scale. Actually, most planes have brakes that are strong enough to keep the plane stationary at maximum engine thrust. If they didn't you couldn't do an engine runup. But no plane is able take off with the brakes set, treadmill or no treadmill. And as I said: most planes. Geez, people, for the love of Pete, even if you can't wrap your brains around why the plane would take off at least learn to spell "brakes" correctly! That's pretty unscientific :-) To measure anything that fast reliably you have to do it more than once: [ron@mickey:~/foo]$ cat foo foo [ron@mickey:~/foo]$ time for i in {1..1000}; do cp foo foo.c.$i; done real 0m2.705s user 0m0.524s sys 0m2.190s [ron@mickey:~/foo]$ time for i in {1..1000}; do ln foo foo.l.$i; done real 0m2.618s user 0m0.486s sys 0m2.008s No, fork is a lot faster than disk I/O: [ron@mickey:~]$ time for i in {1..1000}; do echo foo>/dev/null; done real 0m0.064s user 0m0.039s sys 0m0.025s I didn't know about that particular comment, but I did know that this is not an idea that's original with me. It's completely obvious to anyone who has learned Lisp. The only reason I wrote it is that it's apparently not completely obvious to CSS advocates. I seemed to have garnered their attention for reasons passing my understanding, so I thought I'd try to take advantage of that to spread some enlightenment. I have found that sometimes merely stating the obvious somewhere that people can see it and link to it can be useful. Huh? Why would that be a valid point? It's no harder to swap out different kinds of render methods than it is to swap style sheets. BTW: > Programs written in compiled or runtime-based languages either run or they fail. This is simply not true. No matter what you're writing code in, you can write it in a way that exhibits graceful degradation. It's just that some languages make it easier than others. What you say is true, but only because the software most people use on their servers makes it true. The conclusion is not that we should continue to use the current broken infrastructure, but that we should build different infrastructure. Your argument is kind of like someone in 1904 arguing that air travel will never be commercially viable because there aren't any airports. I find it a bit distressing that I would have to explain this here on HN of all places. > is there anything fundamentally flawed in the concept of html/css/javascript that makes portable sites impossible No, of course not. > or are you suggesting we make some pluggable generic server side rendering that can be controlled by the client because css doesnt deal with heights very well yet Yeah, pretty much. That way you don't have to wait for the standards bodies or the browser developers. This actually is not a new result. See http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf , section 5.4. This sounds very impressive, but if you think about it they've really solved a very uninteresting problem. What they have done is essentially layered a sound type system on top of C, and run a particular C program (the kernel) through this type checker. (It's a little more sophisticated than that, but that's the gist of it.) You could accomplish exactly the same thing by simply writing the code in a language like Haskell or Lisp that had a sound type system built in as part of its design. Haskell and Lisp programs have all the same properties as the L4 kernel: they never overflow their buffers, never dereference null pointers, never leak memory, and never have arithmetic overflows. But when you think about it that way, it's a much less impressive result. The only thing that makes this interesting at all is that they wrote their code in C. This is rather like climbing a mountain carrying a 500lb weight. Yes, in a sense it's impressive, but it's a lot easier to scale the mountain if you just don't pick up that 500lb weight to begin with. Yes, I know. I don't want to diminish their accomplishment. They did in fact scale the mountain. My point is only that they made it harder on themselves than they had to by choosing to focus their efforts on a C program. They could have accomplished exactly the same thing with a lot less effort by simply writing their code in Haskell (or Lisp or Qi) to begin with. But then the headline would have been "We wrote an OS kernel in Haskell" which would not have sounded nearly as impressive. > But if both those are true than there's really only one solution which is communism. No. Just because one extreme position is wrong it does not follow that the opposite extreme position is right. You know, this could be an elaborate phishing scam. The download page for the new Flash player is not secure. You could be installing a Trojan horse if you "upgrade." It's both. I upgraded to Snow Leopard, and I remounted external drives. In Leopard, there was an option to warn before deleting old backups. In SL that option has changed to "notify after deleting old backups." That plus deleting the external volumes from the exclude list was the nasty combination. In most jurisdictions, whenever you accept money for a product there are implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Since TM is widely touted by Apple as one of the features of OS X they cannot disclaim the warranty that it does what it is supposed to do, namely, back up your data. What Apple has done is analogous to selling a fire extinguisher that actually sets your house on fire. You can't disclaim liability for something like that. I wouldn't call irretrievably wiping out all the backups of my primary hard drive in order to make room to back up a media drive that I just mounted a "backup trimming problem." And by the way, I had that volume on my exclude list, but TM forgot about it. (That's a problem that has been around since TM first appeared.) That's how it was in Leopard. It changed in SL. I use an ExpressCard. It didn't even occur to me that a drive connected this way might appear to the OS to be an internal drive, but that actually makes a certain amount of sense. I'm not worried about losing the old backups. But I would be worried about losing all of my backups, which is what would have happened if I had not noticed what was happening and stopped it manually. Happily, the logs record exactly what happened. The request was for 877.54 GB. The TM volume is 731.95 GB. It deleted 14 old monthly backups (so just over a year's worth) before I stopped it. But given that it had requested more space than was actually available there is no reason to believe it would have stopped before wiping them all, and in particular, before wiping all my Leopard backups, which would have made it impossible for me to revert. Yes, I think that might be right. That hadn't occurred to me before. What you all (including the OP) are missing is that "Real Men Wear Pink" is a pun. Pink is not a color, it's a brand name -- for a very high-end men's fashion line: http://www.thomaspink.com/ It doesn't bother me that it isn't open source per se, but what does bother me (and the reason I don't and wouldn't use it) is that I have no way of independently verifying that their security measures are adequate. I would never trust sensitive data to a third party provider unless at a minimum they had undergone a security audit by an independent third party. As far as I can tell, dropbox hasn't. Ditto. To give credit where it's due, PG pointed this out long before I did: http://www.paulgraham.com/wealth.html The popular mythology in the U.S. is that the attack was not only unprovoked but actually unexpected. Without this myth it's very hard to maintain our self-image as the Good Guys, particularly in light of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. > Is this purposely to provoke people into trying to prove you wrong? I wouldn't put such a negative spin on it. It's purposely to ask people if they can think of anything I've left out, i.e. to spark discussion. I would actually put finance in category 9, mainly 9a and 9b. The whole point of finance is that you're dealing with money, not things. But money is an artificial construct (that's the whole point of money), so dealing with money means dealing with the rules that society has laid down to govern the behavior of money. Indeed, most of the actual activity in the financial industry is doing mathematical modeling (9a) drawing up legal documents (9b). Reasonable people could disagree. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2009/10/wealth-production-mechani... The dictionary definition of entrepreneur is simply "a person who organizes, operates, and assumes the risk for a business venture." So innovation can be helpful, especially in achieving a competitive advantage, it is not necessary (and certainly not sufficient) for successful entrepreneurship. I think Scott (and you) are confusing average with boring . It's true that you can't be better without being different. But you can be different (and even be better ) without being (at least overtly) innovative . You might just, for example, provide better customer service than the competition. Or lower prices. Or greater selection. My point is that to succeed, all you have to be is better . Being cool is not a requirement. (And being too focused on being cool can therefore actually be detrimental to success.) http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=881032 There's a simple counterexample to this argument: operating systems. If it were not possible to create shared code, it would not be possible to write operating systems, which are nothing but shared code. Shared code does demand more careful management and versioning, especially of interfaces, and if you don't do that you are indeed hosed. But if you do then you aren't. Lisp in about 100 lines of Python: http://www.flownet.com/ron/lisp/l.py It's important to keep in mind that one of the reasons it was "easier" to program back in the day is that you had so many fewer options. The flip side of not having to install anything is not being able to install anything. BASIC was cool, but once you hit its limits (which was very easy to do) you were kinda screwed. Sure, you could learn machine language, but that was a lot harder than running Python or Javascript. 3) An appstore app will (or at least could) continue to work even when I don't have network connectivity. A Web app won't. I still don't get it. It isn't very funny. Well whaddyaknow. I wasn't aware of this. (I don't actually develop iPhone apps, I'm just a user.) It's being served as text/x-python, which I think is appropriate. So it's not the server that's "forcing" a download, it's your client. I suspect you're using FireFox, which seems AFAICT to be b0rken in this regard. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2009/11/life-imitates-art-i-hope.... Um, I was just in Japan and streets definitely have names. For example, this is in Nagasaki: http://flownet.com/ron/fukken_street.jpg This suggests a possible improvement to HN: do a WGET on the URL and make sure you get a status code of 200 before allowing the link to be posted. I have to second this. I switched from CL to Python years ago because of problems with the infrastructure, but now I'm in the process of switching back, largely due to Clozure becoming really ready for prime time, and tremendous improvements in the stability and usability of available libraries. The situation is still not perfect, but it vastly improved and getting better all the time. And, best of all, there's no spammy default site for unresolved names! I can tell you exactly why "That Alien Message" gets more attention: because it's a story , and a cracklin' good one. Human brains are hard-wired to be attracted to good stories. This is why mythology is so powerful. BTW, there is a pretty well worked out theory of what makes a good story. Geeks tend to pooh-pooh this theory because it's associated with the "squishy" field of stage and screen drama. IMHO this is a serious mistake. The world today really needs a better mythology. Those in its current inventory are getting obsolete. Some of them are becoming actively harmful. Coming up with a good mythology is not so easy. The last person I know of who did a notable job was L. Ron Hubbard (at least, he's the last one who did it intentionally ). Imagine how much better off the world would be if Hubbard hadn't been a psychopath. I hope some people reading this might start devoting a little time to thinking about this problem. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2008/10/reflections-on-being-ai-i... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dramatic_theory http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poetics_(Aristotle) http://www.amazon.com/Story-Substance-Structure-Principles-S... BTW, the theory is pretty easy to summarize. At the risk of oversimplifying, the essential elements of a good story are: 1. A protagonist , who is a sympathetic character with a goal . In Eliezer's story the protagonist is not a single character, but all of humanity. Their goal is to understand the universe. 2. An antagonist , who places obstacles in the path of the protagonist to prevent him (or her or them) from achieving the goal. In Eliezer's story, the antagonist is whoever is causing the stars to blink. 3. A structure that includes (more or less) the following elements in order: a) An introduction that establishes the characters and the basic ground rules of the world they live in b) An inciting incident that launches the protagonist on a journey . In Eliezer's story this is the stars starting to blink. c) The journey itself, which ultimately leads to some kind of catastrophe from which no escape seems possible. d) A resolution , which results in the protagonist being forever changed in some way. It may or may not include the actual achievement of the protagonist's goal. It may, for example, be the protagonist realizing that they chose the wrong goal. Think "Wizard of Oz". Of course, there's a lot more to say than just that, but those are the fundamentals. How do you think Eliezer managed his original "trick"? I have a very hard time believing this. I can certainly believe the bit about finding the failure mode, but not the bit about deliberately sabotaging a public demo. That would be beyond stupid. Yes. VLC allows you to easily circumvent some of the copy protection schemes on commercial DVDs. Apple doesn't like it because the MPAA doesn't like it. > Especially troubling is the way the current divergence is addressed. The argument looks to me like "we can use this data as a proxy for all periods except those where we have direct measurements to verify correlation" I find that weak at best. +1 Yes, I know that "+1" a weak comment. But I wanted to draw attention to this particular point because I think it's really crucial, and so far I have not seen it well addressed. Which is further evidence that CSS still should not be used for layout. http://www.flownet.com/ron/css-rant.html (How do you do links in HN comments? Markdown syntax doesn't seem to work.) Oh, sorry, that's not what I meant. What I meant was how do I make a link with some text other than the URL. (Apparently it's not possible in HN comments.) That is indeed a better rant :-) Are you referring to me? I certainly don't want anyone to think that I "know all the differences between multiple Lisp families and multiple implementations within families". Life is much too short to spend a lot of cycles on trivia. Huh? Why not? I just got an email from the president of the company saying they have 30,000 registered users. The difference is that in the case of a car insurance web site, I know before I pay them any money that I have to provide them with personal information. Also, it's clear that when the product is insurance, there is a legitimate need for the company to have your personal information. In this case, I don't find out that I have to turn over my personal information until after I've paid for the product, and after I break the seal so I can no longer return it. And there is a penalty for not turning over my information: I don't get the instruction manual. It is certainly a mild form of extortion, but it is extortion nonetheless. > through threats of physical harm No, physical harm is not a necessary element of extortion. All that is needed is a threat of harm. In this case, the threat of harm is to deny the customer access to the manual for the product they bought and can no longer return. It is certainly not the most serious extortion ever perpetrated. But it is extortion nonetheless. That may be true, but it's more than "a thousand or so". Whoever is downmodding this apparently has no sense of irony :-) If there's a geek shortage, why are there so many unemployed and underemployed geeks? Yes, especially the last sentence. But don't skip ahead. It would be like listening to the punch line of a joke before hearing the setup. I'm not sure I'd go so far as "a load of rubbish" though I certainly thought it was a snooze. But I've always seemed to have a big impedance mismatch with "great literature." I think this is because I've never grokked the language of symbolism. For example (and please consider this a rhetorical question) what's the deal with the houndstooth coat? He goes on and on (and on and on) about it. What do hounds teeth have to do with anything? Why not a terrycloth robe? For that matter, what the fuck is a houndstooth coat? And why rye? Why not corn? Or wheat? Would The Shortstop in the Azaleas have conveyed the same message? Those were the sorts of things that were foremost in my mind when I read Catcher, so clearly I missed the point, and I'm still missing it. But I do find it kind of fascinating that so many people get something out of it that completely eludes me to this day. > the measurement on the first particle injects quantum energy into the system That set off my bogometer. What is "quantum energy"? The devil is always in the details, but I have yet to see a popular account of anything having to do with entanglement that didn't completely ignore the fundamental fact that entanglement and measurement are the same physical phenomenon. Once you realize that most of the mysteries simply evaporate. http://www.flownet.com/ron/qm.pdf Thanks! :-) That paper has been reviewed at one time or another by at least a dozen card-carrying physicists, including Jeff Kimble and John Preskill at Caltech (who are the ones who actually helped me figure all this stuff out). Reactions range from, "Oh my God, what a revelation!" to "Duh. Everybody already knows that." But I have yet to encounter anyone who knows what they're doing who thinks it's wrong. I got it from GEB. Hofstadter doesn't attribute it, so I just assumed it was original with him. (And frankly I'd be surprised if you found any references to Zen Master Zeno prior to GEB.) > It isn't It is, for two reasons: 1. The minimums are higher. 2. You are not guaranteed to lose in angel investing the way you are in a casino. That makes angel investing much more difficult to resist than ordinary gambling. > Does anybody here really care about any of this stuff? Yes. > I program computers for a living, and I couldn't even muster the energy to page-down through that mess of tables and graphs. There are a lot of people who share your view. It is no coincidence that there is also a lot of crappy software out there. Interspersed among "all those tables and graphs" that you could not muster the energy for are things called "words." Those words convey meaning. You might want to try to understand that meaning before dismissing "this stuff" as not worth caring about. That's right, not all entanglements are measurements. But all measurements are entanglements. They are the "same" in the same sense that, e.g. heat and motion are the "same", or light and radio waves are the "same". Measurement can be understood in terms of entanglement. They are not distinct physical phenomena. I love it! I think you may be seriously underestimating the potential of what you've done here. It's not binary searches and merge sorts that are broken, it's the INT data type that is "broken" (and I put "broken" in scare quotes because they aren't really broken, they just don't do what you want in most cases). People tacitly assume that INTs model the integers, but they don't. They model the integers modulo 2^N for some value of N. If you code as if INTs were integers and you hit the 2^N limit you will lose. The algorithm as given would work perfectly well on a straightforward translation into a language with a real integer data type like Python or Lisp. And you can lose in the other direction too: if you're doing crypto, for example, the algorithms are often designed to use arithmetic operations modulo 2^N, so INTs (and NOT integers) can be just what you need. But this has nothing do do with binary search or mergesort. Much more likely than the age of the airplane was the visibility. PAO has been foggy in the mornings of the last few days, and the photo in the story makes it look like it was foggy when the crash happened. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2008/02/joy-of-iterators.html If you search for the title of this article in Google News and click on the link there you can see the entire article without subscribing. (I'm guessing it's the referrer header that makes the difference.) Well worth the effort. Yes, but why does that work? I don't get: +[] or []['sort'] or []['eval'] for that matter, why does []['sort']['call'] work but []['call'] doesn't. All of these look like they should be syntax errors to me. What am I missing? Ah. Thanks! Beware: just because they don't have a board seat or formal control doesn't mean they won't have a lot of influence, and possibly even de facto control. In particular, if you need to do a follow-on round (and if you only get $50k the first time around it's almost certain that you will have to) you will almost certainly have to do it with them, because if your initial investor doesn't follow on it's extremely unlikely that anyone else will. They may have been a RS customer for a while, but they are nonetheless mistaken: at least for Cloud customer service, they can see your account password, and with that password anyone can log into your account, change your contact information, and change your server root passwords. Yes. But not as worth it as hard-core advocates of FP like to think. There is really only one difference between FP and traditional imperative programming (which I'll call IP). In IP you have direct control over where the results of computations are stored and in FP you don't. This is, of course, a two-edged sword. Control gives you both power and the ability to screw things up. Lack of control makes it easier for your compiler to perform certain kinds of optimizations. The reason learning FP is worthwhile is not so much because FP is some kind of magic bullet, but because understanding the tradeoffs between having this kind of control and not having it is worthwhile in and of itself. If you understand those tradeoffs you will write better code in whatever language you use, even if it's assembler. The book has been claimed. Dude, why not just get yourself another server? Whoops, sorry. That was an inadvertent dup. > Like every good liberal, I'm not crazy about the idea of nuclear power Pardon me, but I'm a liberal and I support nuclear power. What does "bus factors are bad" mean? And as long as I'm asking questions, what about bcrypt for password hashing? That's a pretty good endorsement :-) I'm a little confused though. S-crypt seems to be a symmetric encryption algorithm and to store passwords you need a one-way hash. I'm obviously missing something. What is it? I see. Is there some documentation for the key derivation function that I missed? Or are we supposed to reverse-engineer the file encryption code to figure out how to use the the KDF? If the latter, that seems a little odd in light of the fact that you're actively promoting scrypt as a replacement for brcrypt and the concern you've expressed about people using crypto code incorrectly. I do not mean to imply that you are under any sort of obligation to provide documentation. But it seems to me that your stated purposes would be better served if the interface to the KDF were documented. Oh come on, give me a little bit of credit here. Where is the scrypt key function defined? What is its signature? Are there any initialization functions that need to be called before calling scrypt? Yes, I can figure all this out by reverse engineering the code. But is that really what you intend people to do? Even just a couple of sentences of documentation would save a lot of people a lot of head-scratching, e.g.: "The scrypt key generation function itself is called crypt_scrypt. Its signature is in lib/crypto/crypto_script.h. The reference implementation is in crypo_script-ref.h. There are two optimized implementations, one for CPUs that have SSE support, and another for ones that don't. You don't have to call any initialization functions before calling crypto_scrypt." Or something like that. If your goal is really for people to use this I think you'd see a pretty large ROI from the effort it would take you to write a paragraph like that and stick it in a README file in the distro. Just a suggestion. Let me try to be excruciatingly precise here: you seem to be advocating scrypt for use as a password hash, but your implementation only provides file encryption functionality out of the box. To convert the code you provide to produce and verify password hashes requires some uncommon expertise because there are, as you yourself so often take pains to point out, many ways to get it wrong. My question is: is there some documentation that you have provided to make this task easier that I have overlooked? And if the answer is no, why not? It seems very odd for you to 1) advocate scrypt for use as a password hash, 2) caution people against writing their own crypto code, and then 3) provide neither the code nor the guidance necessary for a software engineer who is not already an expert in cryptography to actually use scrypt as a password hash. This post really sets off my bogometer. Anyone who is really a retired physicist would not need to ask this question, much less ask it from a newly created account on HN. That this post is getting so many upvotes is worrisome. I'm not at all sure that you're right about that. The dominant cost of keeping data on-line at the moment is the cost of the electricity to run the server and the air conditioning. If the number of drives in active use is a small proportion of the total number of drives then you might be able to achieve real savings by only having active drives actually on-line. There would be a lot of tricky issues (Where and how do you store the inactive drives? How do you swap them back in when needed? How do you insure data integrity for off-line drives?) but if you could solve those I think there might actually be a business there. Get a spam filter. I know that's not the answer you were looking for, but the effort it would require to figure out who is actually behind this spam would be vastly more than it would be worth. Life is short. Is the background also image-free? That seems much more impressive to me than the browser window (and the browser window is pretty impressive.) Free fall for short periods (a couple of seconds) is easily attainable in a small airplane. Go to your nearest general aviation airport and find yourself an aerobatics instructor and you can get a taste of zero G for a couple of hundred bucks. Mensa is indeed an intelligence test. If you want to join, you've failed. You start investing in things. You'd be amazed how fast the money can go. I am the original author of this piece. It was republished on variable3 without my permission. The original piece is here: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2006/10/top-ten-geek-business-myt... You forgot about satellites. Not by the government. At least not legally AFAIK. Communications satellites are privately owned. You have to see it in action to appreciate how cool this is. Get yourself a copy of Golly, load the pattern, and let it run for 34 million generations (which will take about half an hour on a modern machine). What you will see is a long diagonal line. If you zoom in to the upper left corner you will see the replicator itself. The rest of the pattern is an instruction tape that extends down and to the right. When it runs you will see the tape "running through" the replicator, which builds up a copy of itself piece by piece very, very slowly. The cool bit is not that it replicates and destroys itself, but that it does so under the control of the instruction tape (which gets replicated along with the replicator itself). This allows you to fine-tune the behavior of the replicator. For example, you can change the rate at which it replicates by adding no-op instructions to the tape. This kind of fine-grain control over the behavior of a Life replicator has never been achieved before. You will DEFINITELY need hashlife. In fact, one of the indications of the complexity of this pattern is how slowly it runs even in hashlife. It's instructive to compare the speed at which gemini runs with the speed at which the demo patterns that come with Golly run. At maximum speed, Golly routinely cranks out so many generations that it requires exponential notation to display the number. Gemini by comparison runs very slowly even at maximum speed. This fact alone makes it interesting. It is not easy to design a pattern that Golly can't optimize the bejesus out of (try it). The inner core of the earth is solid. It's conceivable that the black hole, after it has settled down, will simply carve out a little cave and sit there in the center without accreting any more mass. In fact, I don't think you can completely rule out the possibility that this has already happened. My advice: forget the deadline. Imposing a deadline on a result that is largely beyond your control will serve no constructive purpose. You should only set deadlines on things that are within your power to control, e.g. I will finish X by time Y. But putting a deadline on the market to respond is just silly. If you want to be a millionaire, here's the procedure: 1. Pick an activity that you think will make you a millionaire within a reasonable time frame. 2. Engage in that activity for that time frame. 3. Are you a millionaire? If so, you're done. If not, figure out what you did wrong in step 1 based on the information you acquired while engaged in that activity. (Often this turns out to be some kind of mistaken assumption about market dynamics, sometimes about your abilities.) 4. Iterate. This procedure is not guaranteed to terminate. But it does tend to converge. Youch! Beware, there are hidden pitfalls here. I tried the fuse-python xmp example and accidentally mounted the filesystem on top of an existing folder with the result being that the folder vanished. Now if I try to cd into that folder I get an input/output error. It doesn't show up on directory listings. And umount says it's not mounted. I have a backup so this is not an unmitigated disaster, but the folder is huge (it's my development folder) so I'd much prefer not to have to do a restore. This is MacFuse 2.0.3 running on Snow Leopard. Any suggestions on how to proceed would be greatly appreciated. Not yet. I was hoping to find a less drastic (and more educational) fix. I'm also a little worried that rebooting might make the situation worse since I don't really understand how FUSE works under the the hood. > Your data is fine -- it's hidden while something else is mounted on top of the folder. I thought that was the case. But the truth is I don't really understand how mount points work under the hood. Where is the mount point information actually stored? I'm guessing it's in kernel memory somewhere, but I don't really know, and Googling hasn't been much help. Is there an article somewhere that explains this? > Rebooting will fix it. Good to know. > But you should be able to just unmount the filesystem Yeah, you'd think. But everything I try to do to that directory results in "Input/output error". > Does 'mount' list something mounted there? Yes: Python@fuse0 on /Users/ron/devel (fusefs, nodev, nosuid, synchronous, mounted by ron) > Does 'df /path/to/folder/' reflect the FUSE filesystem rather than the underlying filesystem? [ron@mickey:~]$ df devel df: devel: Input/output error [ron@mickey:~]$ umount devel umount: devel: not currently mounted [ron@mickey:~]$ ls devel ls: devel: Input/output error You can hopefully see why I'm puzzled. I would really like to understand why this is happening. I'm running MacFuse. The fusermount command is specific to Linux. Figured it out. umount wanted an absolute path. I beg to differ. First, it is simply not true that Google "included ALL the words you typed in". Google ignored "common" words like conjunctions and certain pronouns for a very long time. Second, I think it's fair to say that Google's speed and quality of results were significant contributors as well. Third, Larry's decision to make AdWords ads live immediately was, I think, one of the key factors in drawing users to AdWords. Fourth, ad syndication through AdSense was a significant contributor to Google's revenues. I could go on. I think it's nowhere near as simple as you say. > Adwards came MUCH MUCH later It's AdWords, not Adwards. And it launched in September of 2000, when Google absolutely did not "dominate the landscape." Do you even bother to check your facts, or do you just make shit up? In September 2000 Google had money in the bank only because it had closed a $25M VC round just over a year before. Its revenues were tiny. Its market share was tiny. It was not profitable. Its success was far from assured. By the time Google turned its first profit, the vast majority of its revenues came from AdWords. To say that AdWords had nothing to do with Google's success is akin to saying that Windows had nothing to do with Microsoft's success. And personal attacks are not nearly as bad a form as promulgating demonstrable falsehoods as if they were facts. Growing rapidly is not mutually exclusive with being small. In fact, it's much easier to grow rapidly when you're small than when you're big. Here's a reference in support of my position: http://searchenginewatch.com/2165081 This article is from October of 2002, two years later than the time frame in question. At that time, after two years of exponential growth, Google's market share was 30%. In September 2000, Google was still an upstart. Three months earlier the big news was that Google had beat out Inktomi for a contract with Yahoo: http://news.cnet.com/2100-1023-242392.html Google's overall market share at the time was so small that the press reports don't even mention it. Google didn't even register on anyone's radar as a major player. Can you cite any references to support your claim that Google was "already dominating"? No, you can't. Because they weren't. > I think I've had enough of this argument A common tactic from someone trying to defend an untenable position. > People like you Excuse me? Weren't you saying something earlier about personal attacks? Thanks for backing me up PG. BTW, just noticed this too: > by all words, I don't mean useless words like conjunctions Conjunctions and other common words are far from useless. If you ignore them you will go badly wrong on queries like "To be or not to be". > Adwords was not critical to Googles share when it came to searches Even that is arguable, but that is not the topic under discussion. The topic under discussion is this statement you made: "There are really only TWO decisions that google made that made them successful" > Adwords allowed Google make money What in the world do you think "success" means? Despite the fact that this forum is called Hacker News, it isn't really about hacking per se. It's about starting companies. "Success" in such endeavors is not measured by how many people use your product, it is measured by whether or not you make money. To be sure, all else being equal it is easier to make money with a large market share than a small one. But you can make money without a large market share (e.g. the Apple Macintosh), and you can have a large market share without making any money (e.g. the Apache web server). So maybe you meant to say, "There are really only two decisions that Google made that allowed them to achieve a large market share" or something like that (though even that is arguable). But "large market share" and "success" are not the same thing. But in September of 2000 Google had neither success nor a large market share. All they had then was a kick-ass product and a really good team. Again, all else being equal, having a kick-ass product is helpful. But it is neither necessary (c.f. Microsoft) nor sufficient (c.f. Napster) for success. You do not understand the argument from authority. Argument from authority would be if PG had said that I'm right because, say, I had a Ph.D. But being an early Google employee when the topic under discussion is the early days of Google doesn't make on an authority, it makes one a primary source . But you may have noticed that I did not bring this up. That's because your factual claims are easily debunked with information from the public record. The Writer's Guild of America offers a registration service for written works. See http://www.wgawregistry.org/webrss/ . It's ostensibly for screenplays, but they don't actually check the content of what is being registered. There is a modest fee. And whether or not registering with them will ever produce any actual benefit is IMHO highly questionable. But YMMV and all that. > The bank is a condition of tilted wings, and the turn is the change in direction that results. The connection between the two is inexorable: the airplane must bank to turn, and when it is banked, it must turn. This is only true if the rudder is not being used. It is possible to turn a plane without banking it, and to bank a plane without turning it using the rudder. The former maneuver is called a skidding turn, and the latter is called a slip. > The specific issue here is whether the WGA's registry is sufficiently accessible that it constitutes a "public" publication. Definitely not. The WGA registry is confidential. > Has your life changed in unexpected ways? Not really. The most unexpected thing is how much the same life is after FU money than before. The main difference is that a lot more people line up to try to take your money from you. One way or another you pretty much have to deal with the same old shit. > Has there been any change in the way you interact with strangers? I probably feel a little less insecure, especially when I talk to other people with money. But I don't think anything else has changed, at least I hope not. > Has the number of things you have to endure increased or decreased? The number of things I have to endure has definitely decreased. In particular, I don't have to stress out over making the choice between "enduring" a job that I hate or going without a salary. But other problems have arisen to replace those. I call these "nice problems to have", but they are still problems. > And is "FU money" all its cracked up to be? e.g., is your life an order of magnitude more enjoyable now, or is it pretty much the same etc? Neither. Life is definitely better with FU money, but it is no panacea. FU money gives you extra options, but the fundamentals have not changed: you are still faced every morning with a choice of what to do with the resources you have at hand. And even FU money has limits. It's amazing how fast you can learn exactly where those limits are. There's an important thing to realize about FU money: it does not make telling people to fuck off cost-free. Telling someone to fuck off is an indulgence, and it is not free of cost no matter how much money you have. Having FU money simply means you can afford this indulgence. But one of the many problems that comes from having this kind of money is that now you have to make this choice. When you can't afford something, it's a no-brainer. When you can afford it, you actually have to think about it and take responsibility for the result of your decision. > Sleeping with alcohol in one's system significantly reduces sleep quality Obviously the answer then is to start drinking in the morning. ;-) ;-) ;-) > If any of you have dealt with a similar situation, please let me know how to deal with this. For what it's worth, you are not alone. This happens to a lot of people. It happened to me. Still does on occasion. But it's an individual thing. There is no one-size-fits-all solution. You have to try different things and find out what works for you. Here's what works for me: 1. Exercise. It's amazing what a good dose of endorphines can do. 2. Focusing on the many ways in which life could suck but doesn't, e.g.: http://www.zoriah.net/blog/2009/04/guest-photographerphotojo... (If by chance you live in Bangladesh, then I'm afraid I am at a loss.) 3. This is kind of hard to describe without making it sound like new-age bullshit. What you want to do is to induce a sort of deliberate schizophrenia, to separate out two parts of your brain: the part that feels depressed and wants to stop the pain, and the part that recognizes that you can't or won't do it because the depressed part is not really thinking straight. For some people, simply going this far is enough. Just recognizing that emotional pain is something that happens to you, just like physical pain, can sometimes be enough to get through it. If not, then you have to engage in some deliberate mental exercises to help your deliberative self gain enough control over your emotional self to keep from hurting too badly or doing yourself physical harm. The key is to recognize that being depressed and/or suicidal is not an indication of any kind of personal flaw or failure, any more than having a backache. It's just something that's gone wrong with your wiring. All this assumes, of course, that you don't have some legitimate reason to feel depressed, in which case you need to figure out what that is and deal with it, or that you don't have some physiological problem that needs pharmaceutical help, in which case a doctor can help. Good luck. Hear, hear. In fact, if you're serious about this, drop me a line. But the weather sucks. http://www.theweathernetwork.com/news/storm_watch_stories3&#... > adding new classes or adding new methods to every class Common Lisp lets you do both. These are not problems with polymorphism, these are problems with brain-damaged implementations of polymorphism. > among college graduates, there simply isn’t an economic crisis in the United States Tell that to the guy who recently graduated with a bachelor's in business and accounting who was waiting our table last night. > while fs-like interfaces, unless one gets widespread support to the extent of being a POSIX-like "assumed to be on all UNIXes" FUSE runs on pretty everything, doesn't it? > Then what do you do with these? The same things you do with any other incomplete path name. I don't see why this is an issue at all. > Not quite sure I'm interpreting you correctly here - but woudln't you be using localhost for this and/or using loopback interfaces? Sure. But you still have to assign a port number. And you still have to make a round trip through the network stack. It's also a potential security hole if you're not careful to configure the server apps to only listen on the loopback interface. > Also - if you were designing an application that had to scale out to that many cores, you'd be dealing with things at a system level and using sockets anyway. Why? Running N servers on N machines is completely straightforward. Why should it not be just as straightforward to run N servers on one machine with N cores? > you still have to track and configure everything - and that can still be automated Of course it can be automated, but automating the assignment of virtual servers to TCP/IP ports is not straightforward. You have to coordinate the port assignment on both the client and the server side. You have potential synchronization issues if one virtual server goes down and another comes up and wants to use the same port as the one that went down. Port numbers are a scarce resource. The file system namespace is essentially infinite. Why make things harder than they need to be? So treat them as directories (or more specifically, as mount points). I still don't see the problem. > The failure mode of networks is quite different to that of files Actually, with a remote file system, the failure modes of networks is necessarily exactly the same as that of files. Someone still has to build the new technology that the young folks learn. Some current context: http://sites.google.com/site/philipagre/ Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. :-) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo... My favorite quote: "The ones that win are the ones that ship." Word. > Why does one interaction or “observation” appear to collapse the wave function and another does not? To be sure, there is probably some hand-waving explanation of this seeming problem with quantum mechanics in the advanced physics research literature. But really, is it understood? Probably not. Actually, this is quite well understood. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_decoherence http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf No, you are mistaken. The discrete is an approximation to the continuous for large systems, just as Newtonian mechanics as an approximation to the relativistic for slow speeds and low gravity. It is all perfectly well understood, and there are no contradictions or paradoxes. There is only a publishing industry that finds it profitable to promulgate the myth that there is something mysterious going on. > If you feel it's well understood what keeps you from getting a Nobel? Because there is no Nobel prize for understanding things that other people have discovered. > Am I to read into what you are writing that you believe in the plasma theory? I have no idea what the plasma theory is. There are two links in my original comment. Did you look at them? Sorry about that. If you could be a little more specific about what it is that you don't understand I might be able to help. But just because you don't understand something doesn't mean that it's not understood. > it's easy to check for Really? That's news to me. How do they check? > Move into management +1. The tech world needs more managers who actually know tech. Definitely familiar. What I would suggest is to figure out what it is you're really getting hung up on. It has to be something more specific than "my brain turns to mush." Try writing down a description of the problem you think you're having. The act of rendering a thought into writing will often break a logjam for me. You left out an option: using SSDs on development systems but not in production. That is my situation. I have an SSD on my work machine (a 13-inch MBP) but not on any of my servers. I absolutely love it. Not only is it faster than blazes, but it is, of course, dead-silent and it runs cooler too so my fans don't come on as often. One important thing to keep in mind is that progress doesn't always feel like progress. Trying something that turns out not to work might feel like a waste of time, but it's actually progress: now you know this doesn't work and you can try something else that is more likely to work. As long as you remember what didn't work and don't end up in loops where you keep trying the same non-working thing over and over again (which is harder than it sounds) you will sooner or later get it to work. Too easy to solve by brute force. I'd suggest looking at Project Euler for inspiration. Common Lisp of course :-) Well that depends on your level of expertise :-) I start to have unsolved problems around #60, but found I had to start getting pretty clever long before that. The highest number I've solved is 112, and the one before that is 102. YMMV. Sort of. I'm obviously not using my real name, but I don't go out of my way to keep my real identity a secret either. I have also had personal dealings with Douglas Merrill, and I found him to be a thoroughly dishonorable person. View source on the home page is interesting too. I don't think it's possible to tile a sphere with hexagons. You have to throw a couple of pentagons in. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geodesic_dome +1, 13inch MBP Safari 5.0.2 OSX 10.6.4 I'm surprised that after more than 100 comments no one has mentioned Square as a PP alternative: https://squareup.com/ > The Lisp vs. Python story really hasn't changed terribly much in the past five years or so. Actually there have been three significant developments in the last five years that IMO tilt the scales back over to the Lisp side: 1. Clojure 2. Clozure Common Lisp a.k.a. CCL (a very unfortunate confluence of names -- the fact that Clojure and Clozure differ by only one letter but otherwise bear almost no resemblance to each other causes no end of confusion). 3. The state of Common Lisp libraries has gotten a LOT better in the last five years. Before, Lisp had the edge in native code compilation and functional programming, Python had the edge in libraries. In the modern landscape, that made Python win IMO. Now CL has caught up to Python (mostly -- it's 90% of the way there) in libraries and retains its edge in the other two areas, so in my book CL has pulled back into the lead. YMMV. CCL has very good ObjC/Cocoa integration, and a well integrated IDE. But it also runs on Linux and Windows, it has native threads (that feature alone puts it head-and-shoulders over Python), and it has a wicked fast compiler. So it makes a kick-ass webapp development platform. I don't know about Cocoa touch, but the CCL compiler was recently ported to run on ARM processors. > Uh no it doesn't. Uh, yes it does. > Python uses OS threads. It cripples them with the GIL And CCL doesn't. QED. > using green threads can be an advantage Not if you have multiple cores. > What? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snW3cM1KipQ ;-) > in Lisp and C++ I miss dictionary literals So roll your own. Or use mine: http://flownet.com/ron/lisp/dictionary.lisp http://rondam.blogspot.com/2008/02/joy-of-iterators.html This lets you write things like: (for var in form do ... or (for var in form collect ... where form can be anything that has an iterator method defined on it. There's also a macro I use called BINDING-BLOCK (BB for short) which subsumes a bunch of binding forms. So you can write things like: (bb x (...) y (...) :db (q r s) (...) ; Destructuring-bind :mv (p q) (...) ; Multiple-value-bind ... It's extensible so you can add your own clauses. Code is here: http://www.flownet.com/ron/lisp/rg-utils.lisp (It's a little out of date. If you want the latest let me know and I'll update it.) I don't normally downvote or harsh on comments because there are plenty of other people around here doing that, but in this case I'm going to apply the golden rule and give you some brutally honest feedback that I wish someone would give me if I were digging myself into a hole the way you are doing: > I challenge the name. If, as you say, you are trying to start a company then you should have twenty thousand more important things to do than to hang out here quibbling over some terminology that doesn't matter anyway. The "super angels" are what they are. What difference does it make if they aren't "super"? Or even "angels"? How is resolving this going to help you make your customers happier? Those are rhetorical questions by the way. I used to be a researcher, so I wrote a lot of grant proposals. I started to get tired of having to speculate about what I might be able to deliver so I spent a year or two under-promising on my proposals and eventually got a year ahead of my proposals. So what I wrote up in my proposals was something that I had already done the year before but not yet published. So I'd get my grant, work on something completely new, then deliver the previous year's work, and then write up a new proposal to do whatever I had actually done most recently. I got a reputation for consistently delivering on my promises. Then one year I had a proposal rejected on the grounds that what I was proposing was impossible to do on the budget I had allocated. That's when I decided to quit and do something else. Thanks :-) Couple of things for the record: 1. I may well have misunderstood or misrepresented what you've said. But it was not deliberate. 2. I concede that point #5 was unfair. It occurred to me as I was writing and watching the video, and I decided to add it on the spur of the moment. I should have thought about it more carefully. I've added an update to that effect. Thanks. Because I agree with Paul on almost everything else. And in fact, I should have stopped at four. (Maybe I should have stopped at zero.) Indeed. But that makes a pretty boring blog post. The short version: it was my very first private investment. I decided I should diversify, get out of tech and into something more traditional and relatively safe. So I decided to get into real estate. This was in 2006. You can guess how that turned out. To wit: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2010/10/five-things-paul-graham-i... Let's not forget: http://xkcd.com/386/ "But one thing that may save them to some extent is the uneven distribution of startup outcomes: practically all the returns are concentrated in a few big successes. The expected value of a startup is the percentage chance it's Google." [It is your inclusion of this sentence that caused me to characterize your change of heart about it as "grudging."] "Most data structures exist because of speed. For example, many languages today have both strings and lists. Semantically, strings are more or less a subset of lists in which the elements are characters. So why do you need a separate data type? You don't, really. Strings only exist for efficiency. But it's lame to clutter up the semantics of the language with hacks to make programs run faster. Having strings in a language seems to be a case of premature optimization." [Processing strings is a huge part of today's computing landscape. There are premature optimizations to be sure, but efficient string processing isn't one of them IMHO.] "But it was mysterious to me that the super-angels would quibble about valuations. Did they not understand that the big returns come from a few big successes, and that it therefore mattered far more which startups you picked than how much you paid for them?" [The implication here is that because picking the right companies matters more , then it doesn't make sense to "quibble" over valuations. But this is a false dichotomy. Picking the right companies matters, of course. But valuation matters as well, and questioning a ~10M valuation for a company that has no revenue is not "quibbling."] "... jerks who give you lines like "come back to me to fill out the round." [I have no problem with advising founders to avoid wasting time on reluctant investors. I do have a problem with impugning their motives and character.] If you really want to engage in a debate about this I will hold up my end. But to be perfectly honest, I'd just as soon see this bruhaha fade into obscurity. It has already gotten much more attention that it deserves IMHO. > I have a hunch it was the "assholes" comment that set you off, and led you to going back through a mental list of things he'd said that you disagreed with. It was not that comment per se that "set me off", it's more the general trend at YC towards (how shall I put this to not fan the flames?) rhetoric that implies that there is something wrong with investors who exhibit reluctance, caution, or selectivity. It's been going on for some time now. I really started to notice it at the last Angel Day. The "asshole" comment was certainly the most egregious example of this, but if it had been an isolated incident I'm pretty sure I would have let it slide. I never claimed to know what I was doing, and I'm not giving any advice. I was just making a statement about my personal preferences. > If I believed that I would be wasting my time with YC. Not at all. YC gives you incredible leverage to diversify your portfolio, making it that much more likely that you would have a piece of the next Google. > obviously the sentence about Google, as phrased, is a joke It's clearly hyperbole, but there's a difference between hyperbole and a joke. You've said many times you believe the outcome of early stage investing is bimodal. In your Startup School talk you even made a point of saying you "did the math" that led you to this conclusion. You said you didn't even start to question this conclusion until you started writing the talk for the last startup school. And this seems to be as close as you get to retreating from that conclusion: "So I think at least some super-angels are looking for companies that will get bought. That's the only rational explanation for focusing on getting the right valuations, instead of the right companies. And if so they'll be different to deal with than VCs. They'll be tougher on valuations, but more accomodating if you want to sell early." This is the passage I referred to as "grudging acknowledgement." A non-grudging acknowledgement would have gone something like this: "Because angels do not operate under the same constraints that VC's do, it opens the door to exit strategies that VC's are not able to undertake because of the constraints they operate under. This has the potential to change everything, including the current bi-modal distribution of outcomes, which is caused at least in part by the fact that VC's have to hew to a schedule and can't reinvest proceeds from early exits. So you as founders might be able to provide very nice ROI's for your investors without really dramatic wins, as long as you can add value quickly and reliably." Or something like that. > Whether programs process strings and whether they're visible in your source code are separate questions. Of course surface syntax and internal representations are separate issues. I challenge the claim that "it's lame to clutter up the semantics of the language with hacks to make programs run faster." The semantics of the language determine, for example, whether strings are mutable, whether it's possible to take the CDR of a string, whether taking the Nth element of a string is an O(1) operation or an O(n) operation. "Cluttering up the semantics with hacks to make program run faster" could save you a lot of money, and is therefore not "lame." The chances that it will save you a lot of money is proportional to how successful you are. > There is definitely a subset of opportunistic investors whose motives and character deserve to be impugned. OK, but maybe you should draw the distinction a little more specifically, particularly when your audience is a bunch of aspiring first-time founders. It is very easy to interpret what you said as, "Anyone who gives you this line is [very likely to be? almost certain to be?] a jerk." When I got to the meowing cats in the music video I knew I had to have a copy of the book. :-) Congrats! > you don’t let the really good ones get away because they are asking twice as much as you were expecting The problem is that to actually apply this strategy you have to overpay for everything, because you don't know which ones are the really good ones until after the fact. For the outright losses this is true. But overpaying can transform the moderate wins into losses. Buy in at 1M sell for 10 you get a 10x return. Buy in at 20, sell for 10, you get a 50% loss. So if you're playing the middle (which is where the reliable returns are to be found) valuation matters. A lot. Like this: (λ (ø) (sin (* π ø))) I did that on a Mac using the option key and a few custom key bindings. The real question is how do you READ it. The problem is that unless you are very selective about your fonts and which characters you use, it can become impossible to read because many unicode characters are visually indistinguishable. In all the times I have seen this topic raised (and I've seen it raised a lot) I have yet to see anyone who engages in the debate actually do the experiment to determine where the actual breakeven point is. Hint: it's less than 5000. In general, good business people make very bad politicians. It's a very different skill set. I don't assume anything. I actually did the experiment. And its a lot less than 5000. (And you should do your own homework.) I don't see how you could possibly know what I did and didn't do. And I never claimed to have discovered a universally valid break-even point. > you compared two specific implementations Yes. > and came up with a universal point No. I got one data point. Since there seems to be so much demand for it, I compared ALists and hash tables on Clozure Common Lisp. The breakeven point there was 20 items. I was hoping to motivate people to do the experiment for themselves. It's not very hard. Doesn't seem to be working though. Oh well. On Clozure Common Lisp the breakeven point for the average case is 20 items (10 for the worst case). Performance break-even is always with respect to a particular implementation. And even with only a single data point I could state (and still can) with very high confidence that no matter what implementation you run your test on, the break-even point will be less than 5000. A LOT less. You'd have to go out of your way to find a hash table implementation so bad that the break-even point was even within an order of magnitude of 5000. Even just reasoning from first principles you could reasonably guess that the break-even would be a lot less than 5000. Traversing a 5000-element AList requires 5000 memory accesses, with no guarantees of locality of reference so you're probably blowing out your cache dozens (thousands if you're unlucky) of times. You probably couldn't write a hash table implementation whose performance was that bad if you tried. The fact of the matter is that hash tables are faster than ALists in all but the most trivial of cases. Theory predicts it, and an experiment that takes all of two minutes to do confirms it. Everything else is quibbling over angels on the head of a pin. I lived in LA for 22 years. It grew on me. But LA takes practice. And I never felt as at-home there as I do in the SF Bay area after just four months living up here. SF traffic is NOTHING compared to LA. Traffic in LA can be truly nightmarish, especially on the West Side. An hour to go five miles is not uncommon on certain routes during the rush hour. The entertainment industry dominates the culture. Phoniness is the norm. On the other hand, if you like peeling back the curtain and seeing the gritty reality behind the glitz and glamour there is no place like it. And because LA is crawling with highly talented out-of-work actors, there's really great theatre at very reasonable prices. > Thou shalt not follow the NULL pointer How much pain and misery could be avoided if hardware manufacturers would simply design computers so that memory location 0 was hard-wired to always contain a 0. Sigh. > That doesn't work if you expect struct or array Ah, good point. It's even worse than that: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2010/03/danger-will-robinson-rack... > I really don't understand everyone's reverence for Steve Jobs This should help clarify it: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/ta?s=AAPL+Basic+Tech.+Analysis... Very nice. Any chance you'll release the code (or the grammar)? > partnership is an endorsement Word. > And I was going (ingenuously, naively, stupidly certainly) under a touristic visa because it was simply the only option (more on that later) to go there. > > Refused entrance because I was going to do unauthorised work in the US I can't think of any way that the customs officials could have known that he was going to do work unless he told them. It seems to me then that the naive stupid thing was not trying to enter on a tourist visa, but telling the officials that he wasn't really a tourist. When dealing with government officials, a little discretion can go a long way. Is there a reason that profiles don't have email as a contact mode? "Honesty is the best policy." This is quite possibly the single biggest lie we tell our kids. There are times when dissembling or even outright lying is the right thing to do. It's important to learn to recognize when telling the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth is not the right thing to do. It's not easy. A similar thing, but with better integration with C++. Includes exceptions and a full numerical tower: https://github.com/rongarret/Ciel Note: not quite ready for prime time. Just a proof of concept for now. Your competition: http://lab.arc90.com/experiments/readability That depends on what you think the product is. Tidypub is pastebin+readability. Worst part: the policy of canceling the second leg of a round trip does NOT prevent anyone from gaming the system. All you have to do is buy a round trip where the FIRST leg is the one you want to fly and skip the second leg. It's far from clear which way the causality runs. Take time off. If that doesn't work THEN see a doctor. Seriously. Aren't those the same thing? > Why wouldn't you want the $15 rebate, though? It's not that I don't want the rebate, it's that I don't want to hand over the personal information I'm required to give in order to collect it because I know it will be used to spam me. > how would you confirm the UPC code was valid prior to the buyer sending their money over? Having thought about this a bit more, I think the right way to do this is not to have an exchange service, but to redeem the rebates directly. Then when you (the company) get the money, the person submitting the rebate gets their cut via paper check sent through the mail. Kind of like those services that will sell things for you on EBay. It would be a labor intensive business, but I still think it could be done profitably if you get the process right. You don't want X-ray scattering crystallography, you want elemental spectroscopy. "Private commons" is an oxymoron. These chips aren't supposed to be used for secure applications (though no doubt some people do use them that way). They are intended to be used more like a UPC code. Some work that way, others do PKI-ish things and so are more secure. Why not? Oxygen and gravity occur naturally. Nations with conditions favorable to technological innovation do not. They have to be built and maintained. I'm not affiliated with a YC company, but I do self-host my email. My reasons: 1. I'm a control freak and a privacy freak. I don't trust any third party with my email. I want to know how things work under the hood. And if I want to make a change, I don't want to have to depend on any third party to do it. 2. It's not hard to do. apt-get install postfix and dovecot, invest a couple of hours munging config files, and you're done. 3. Much easier to transition your data if you do get "enterprisey." All your data is on your server, so you can just tar it up and ship it anywhere. 4. You can configure the server so that insecure connections are not possible, making it that much less likely that someone will leak a password accidentally. 5. Stealth. It's much less likely that someone will try to break into my server than into Google's servers. > Bullshit. There's troubleshooting when things go wrong, patching, maintenance, etc. In over 10 years of hosting my own email I've never had a problem that needed troubleshooting after getting the initial installation sorted out. And patching on Debian is trivial. > Your single server is much easier to target and break into than Google's. "Stealth" does not mean "harder to break into", it means "less likely to attract the attention of someone with the means and motivation to break in." Google may be harder to break into, but it's a much bigger target. My house is easier to break into than, say, Bagram air force base. That doesn't mean that I'm safer in Bagram. Nice UI, but it's not immediately clear why this is better than Bump. (Which is not to say that Bump can't be improved on.) Found a bug: if you have two phone numbers, only the first one shows up on the card. Nothing scales trivially in the material world. The fundamental problem is that as you scale, the strength of the structure increases as N^2 but the mass increases as N^3. > the only real danger would be people doing stupid things with them on purpose Not even close. The quadricopter design is very non-robust in the presence of a failed engine. That alone is probably a show-stopper for ever having one of these as a passenger vehicle. They do make wicked cool spy drones though. You would only need to auto-gyro in the event of fuel starvation or multiple engine failure. That's not the hard part. The hard part is recovering from a single engine failure. Now you have an unbalanced torque. If you don't notice the problem and do something about it VERY fast then you will flip over. It might be possible to develop a control system that can use the engine opposite the failed one for attitude control while slowing the descent (or maybe even maintaining altitude) with the other two still-balanced engines, but that is one gnarly control problem. Twin engine airplanes have this problem too but it's much less severe. Adverse roll is a second-order effect in an airplane, it's a first-order effect in a quad. An airplane has the tail tending to stabilize it. Despite all that, losing an engine on takeoff in a twin engine aircraft is often catastrophic. In a quad, I'd wager good money (though not my entire life savings) that it's unrecoverable. But if you're going to put human passengers in it you have to plan for that because it will happen sooner or later. There are prosaic (by which I mean classical, non-quantum) means of accomplishing the same thing, e.g. encrypt a classical message using a one-time pad and send the resulting ciphertext and keystreams in opposite directions at the speed of light. The original data can be recovered if and only iff both data streams are reflected back to some common point in space and recombined. If the initial transmission is at time T0, and the first reflection happens at time T1, then the recombination cannot happen until T1+(T1-T0). I'm not sure if this is 100% analogous to what is being done in this paper (the math is kinda furry) but I'm pretty sure it's close. > The smart Java developer would know when to stop. But a really smart developer would know not to use Java in the first place ;-) > "Now, it has long been understood, very well, that a society that is based on this principle will destroy itself in time. > Bullshit. A society based on the principles of the free market will create unprecedented human health and prosperity[1]. Those two things are not mutually exclusive. Direct links are always possible: http://pastebin.com/vhetSm20 FWIW, the author is a Democrat. What do you think of Square? > fraud liability on the card issuer instead of the consumer The law may have put it on the issuer, but the issuers just fob it off on the merchants. > The truth is credit card "security" is a bad joke. Word. [EDIT:] Some additional thoughts: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2305899l > It would be interesting to know what the author thinks of these developments, and whether they could revive his personal faith. I am very encouraged by the developments of the last 9 years. Clojure in particular is a Good Thing (notwithstanding my on-going allergy to Java), and even the Common Lisp landscape to day is much improved over what it was in 2002. Clozure Common Lisp in particular is wicked cool, and I'm using it for some hacking projects on the side. But when it comes time to do something industrial strength it would still be a very tough call for me even today. I would love to do a Lisp-based startup, and a CL based startup in particular. If anyone out there shares this interest please let me know. > (2) is an egotistical line of reasoning. To be fair, at the time that reasoning was supported by a fair amount of data. To that point I had built a fairly successful career by doing (by my perception) very little work relative to my peers, and I ascribed that success to the leverage I got from using Lisp. I may have been wrong, but it was a defensible position given the available data at the time. Why is your site blacklisted? I guess I'm not mad enough yet :-) Um, your site isn't blacklisted: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2309858 > you concluded that Lisp wasn't giving you as much leverage as you thought No, What I concluded was that Lisp might not give other people as much leverage as I thought it would. > Maybe those people are just really smart You can't have it both ways. If they're really smart but nonetheless choosing not to use Lisp then there's probably a good reason. Buy gold. Or Linden Dollars. You might want to read this: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2008/02/what-are-programming-lang... (Submitted to HN -- http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2314572 -- but it died with a whimper.) Do you happen to know whether Godaido Hall in Sendai survived the tsunami? Nowhere near life-and-death. I just visited there about a year ago, was curious, and thought you might just know. I'll wait for the official word. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2011/02/hardest-part-of-getting-w... I presume this is your site? Your design has a serious flaw: the number "1" is "selected" when you first view the page, which biases the results. You apparently tried to "fix" this by forcing the user to move the slider before the choice would be accepted, but that also biases the results. The only way to really make it unbiased is with a text box. The next best thing would have been ten buttons in a row (but then you would have had to make sure that they didn't go off the right side of the screen). Oh, I see. Never mind :-) Plutonium is indeed not "intensely radioactive." The problem with Pu is that if you ingest it, it stays in your body so you can get enough radiation over time to cause cancer. So you're not going to get radiation sickness from Pu, it's just a very potent carcinogen. If anyone from reddit is reading this, I tried to sign up for Gold so I could log in, but I can't because signing up requires you to log in. I suspect I'm not the only person who would have happily bribed you to get to the head of the line. I think you guys left a lot of money on the table. That doesn't work. Consider the case where the missing and dup differ by 1. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2011/04/is-it-lisp-or-is-it-me.ht... I experienced personal success with it. It's not that Lisp causes people to not be able to work together. The causality runs in the other direction. Lisp tends to attract people who are antisocial by nature, because if they use Lisp they can be vastly more productive as individuals than if they don't. But then you get a community full of antisocial people, and they tend to drive away the team players. So the team players go off and use C/Perl/Ruby/Python/whatever because those communities are full of other team players. As a result, the whole becomes greater than the sum of the parts, and the team players win, even though as individuals they may be generally less productive/smart/whatever. On those rare occasions when Lisp programmers manage to all row together in the same direction they can produce some truly spectacular results (Viaweb, ITA, RAX). But those seem to be the exceptions. > the author assumes he's one of those geniuses Exactly the opposite actually. Not only do I not assume that, I specifically deny it. > Have you ever found it difficult to understand someone else's lisp project, because they have customized the language so much? Yes. But that is not a problem unique to Lisp. It's possible to write unreadable code in any language. And in general Lisp's introspection capabilities and macroexpand make it easier to reverse-engineer things that in other languages. > you are one of the very small percentage of people that can "make things happen" in Lisp or any other language Although I'm flattered, I have to ask: what possible basis could you have for making that assessment? My track record certainly doesn't support you. > I would suggest you are too much of an engineer to use an "inferior" tool like C++ or Java because you know there is something "better" A true engineer solves the problem under the constraints that he is given. I have a this tendency to try to change the constraints -- or the problem. Those can be advantageous personality traits for some tasks, but they make me a damn poor C++ coder. My favorite part (with reference to eToys): "They ditched a perfectly working MySQL application and migrated to Oracle which caused them to hire Oracle consultants $2000 per day and spend millions on Oracle big-iron." Reminds me of when the ads manager at Google decided we needed to ditch MySQL and get a "real database" for the ads system. "Real database" in that case meant Sybase, but it was still a barely mitigated disaster. Sometimes it seems as if the "real" databases are just a colossal scam. Did you consider fractal trees? http://tokutek.com/presentations/bender-Scalperf-9-09.pdf This blog has to be the poster child for Readability. https://www.readability.com/articles/c4xdmodo He doesn't insist that they need to describe a sharp splitting of worlds. It is simply a fact that they do . And in so doing they are mistaken. I haven't read Everett so I can't speak on his behalf, but Everett's adherents definitely speak of sharp splitting of classical universes. David Deutsch for example argues unambiguously in favor of many-classical-worlds. So whether or not this is what Everett intended, that is the worldview he has fathered. And it is demonstrably wrong. It is astonishing to me that this discussion has gone on for as long as it has without anyone mentioning the work of Robert Axelrod: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Evolution_of_Cooperation Axelrod showed that it is not necessary for individuals to share genes in order to cooperate to mutual benefit in an evolutionarily stable strategy. Two things: first, kin selection is one possible mechanism by which a critical mass of cooperators can arise, but it is not the only such mechanism. And second, the mechanism that gives rise to cooperation may have evolved for some other reason, with cooperation as an ancillary effect. For example, inter-species cooperation (as between dogs and humans) is almost certainly not a result of kin selection. So even if Wilson is right and the theory of kin selection is flawed (I can't imagine how he could be right, but I haven't read the paper) that is not an indictment of Axelrod. http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf Thanks! "Past performance is no guarantee of future results." Just because technology has saved our sorry ass in the past does not entail that it will continue to do so forever. Fixed. Thanks. > len(base64.decodestring('x'72)) == 54 Yeah, I thought about that. But I tested it and that wasn't it: >>> hashpw('x',s) '$2a$05$YTnGVPqoxIgfmWrHAxHqhegbOHvVmK8y9bvOwNlOUVEruX9NjPBJy' >>> hashpw(chr(ord('x')+128), s) '$2a$05$YTnGVPqoxIgfmWrHAxHqhesvRgqg0bHauZJ3SrAc2oRwZ3XF46hE2' > subkeys can be up to 72 bytes long That makes a lot more sense. For the record, I did not mean to imply that py-bcrypt was malicious. All I intended was that I think it's prudent to understand discrepancies like these because they could some day be an indication of something malicious. I apologize for the misunderstanding. I can see how someone could read that as implying that I thought the author of py-bcrypt was being malicious. All I can say is that wasn't my intent. My intent was that I didn't think it was being overly paranoid to try to understand what was going on, whatever it was. This is good advice, but a non-sequitur in this case. This is not a code-injection attack, this is an information leak. It lets an attacker get around the normal constraints on fetching cross-site URLs. There is an EVAL happening, but it's being done by the attacker, not by you. And it's being done implicitly. The real problem here is a security hole in Javascript itself. It's too flexible for its own good. Check out tarsnap. It's not exactly like dropbox, but it is secure. It is trivial. Just encrypt the true plaintext and the alternate plaintext with separate keys and place the results in a container. To decrypt, try both ciphertexts and return the one that validly decrypts with the provided key. With VC's you always have to consider the possibility that they have already funded a potential competitor, and that they are actively but subtly trying to hinder you in order to help that competitor. You even have to keep this possibility in mind after they have funded you, because they may view writing you a check as simply a cost-effective way of keeping you under control. > Don't VCs publish lists of the companies in their portfolio? Yes, but only after they make the investment. If they're still in negotiations you generally won't know. > the second part sounds a bit paranoid. I've never heard of a VC funding a company that competes with another one in their portfolio, just to sabotage it I confess this is pure conjecture on my part, and it would be pretty farfetched for a VC to make a major investment for this purpose. But many VC's have seed funds now. For $100k they can buy an awful lot of influence at an early stage company, and the interests of that company may or may not align with the interests of the VC's overall portfolio. The chances are small, but I think not completely discountable, especially in cases like the one described by the OP. This is a pretty good guide, but it's marred by one major error: "the index is your staging area where things go after using git add before they get committed." That's not right. The index is where things go after MAKING EDITS IN THE WORKING DIRECTORY before they get committed. (What does "after using git" even mean?) Oh. Right. Duh. A related story: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2008/06/bugged-life.html Anyone who thinks there is no innovation or risk taking in the Valley, contact me. I can point you to tons of companies that are keeping the old traditions alive. Those on the leading edge always attract wannabes and pretenders when they succeed, and when the success is big enough the wannabes and pretenders can overwhelm those on the leading edge. That doesn't mean they've gone away, it just means you have to look a little harder to find them. To paraphrase Feynman, this might have some relevance to the situation: "...he also worked with Shireen Barday at Stanford Law School to assess “problems with remunerated research” in law review articles (i.e., articles funded by corporations, sometimes to help them in ongoing legal battles), by downloading and analyzing over 400,000 law review articles to determine the source of their funding. The results were published in the Stanford Law Review." > the examiners sometimes slip up The examiners often slip up. That is really the nub of the problem. The examiners are incentivized to close cases, not to make the right decisions. So if you badger an examiner enough you can get them to sign off on just about anything, e.g. U.S. patents 6368227 and 7126691. I voted that up, but I feel the need to follow up with a more emphatic endorsement: this video is well worth twenty minutes of your time. > You know what? If your job is crap, quit, or demand more pay. I never bought this "I have a hard job, so you should be nice to me" crap. You get compensated for your job. If you don't get compensated well enough, that's your problem. That's easy to say if you're skills are in high demand. If they aren't, any you have a family to feed, it can be a much harder position to take. For many people their options may be limited to putting up with a crappy job or living on the street. And often it's through no fault of their own. Not everyone has what it takes to be a rock star software engineer. What? No Lisp option? > which LISP? Arc. Obviously. :-) Ask and ye shall receive: http://www.flownet.com/ron/plisp.html > OAuth (oh wow, do you hate OAuth) If you hate OAuth, try DSSID: http://dswi.net/ It's true that DSSID is only authentication (for now). But I will be releasing the code once it has stabilized so anyone will be able to run a DSSID server. The difference is that your identity is not bound to the server, it's bound to your DSSID key, which resides (encrypted) in your browser's localStorage. So you can move your (public) key to any server and retain your identity. > But the user still needs to copy the data between servers, no? Yes, if you want to use multiple servers you need to get your data on multiple servers. But that's just a consequence of the laws of physics. It has nothing to do with DSSID. > And what happens if the personal clears all the cookies in FF and deletes the Local Storage? If they haven't made a backup copy of their key then they are screwed. You can't stop people from deliberately shooting themselves in the foot. If they have made a backup copy of their key then they can just re-import it. > Wouldn't it be better to use a personal cert? All else being equal yes. But the UI/UX for certs is so hopelessly bad that not even technically savvy people use them. DSSID's goal is to be secure and simple. That's a currently unoccupied point in the design space. (It's not easy to do.) I made a feature-length documentary about four homeless people including one with a master's degree in psychology. http://graceofgodmovie.com/ In his case there definitely turned out to be more to the story. You'll have to see the film :-) Should be available soon on iTunes and shortly thereafter on DVD. Or, if you really can't wait, drop me a line and I'll send you a copy. Sign up for the mailing list to get updates. It's not misleading, but the combination of requiring manual silencing and not giving any indication of what needs to be silenced seems self-undermining. Your target market is now only those users who are sophisticated enough to figure out what needs to be silenced, but not sophisticated enough to figure out how to do the silencing themselves. That's a pretty narrow market segment. It's not just you. White text on a black background is HORRIBLE design. That's why my Readability bookmarklet sees a lot of use. If you use GoDaddy your sites may not work because GoDaddy is too cheap to provision enough servers to handle the load. So don't use GoDaddy. Academic paper on convergent encryption: http://www.ssrc.ucsc.edu/Papers/storer-storagess08.pdf TL;DR version: take a chunk of data, encrypt it with its own sha1 hash as the key. Now you have an encrypted version that you can dedup. You can only decrypt if you already know the hash. Info about who owns any particular chunk is not kept on the server, so even if you break in to the server, all you can tell is which chunks correspond to data you already possess. Seems plausible. Well, OK, but that data can also be convergently encrypted, so you only have to transfer the hash, not the whole list. But your point is well taken. If you can get your data from a different machine with nothing but a user name and password, that's probably a security hole. > How would I know the hash? I'd have to save the individual key(hash) for every file I upload? Yes, but that's no different from keeping any other kind of directory structure. And you can apply the same trick to the directory structure itself, so all you really need to keep is a "root hash" to your (encrypted) directory. > Also, if I wanted to know if you had a specific file (and I had access to all your encrypted files) this would be trivial, correct? What do you mean by "I had access to all your encrypted files"? If you've broken in to the server, everything is encrypted, including the directories. The only thing you can tell is whether a particular encrypted block corresponds to data that you already possess (or possessed at some time in the past). But that by itself tells you nothing. https://github.com/rongarret/microWiki uses showdown as the front-end of a wiki So why don't you work through Bancorp as well? https://github.com/rongarret/Ciel Implemented in C++. Makes extensive use of C++ features and libraries to produce a lot of lisp in a small number of LOC. Includes exceptions, a full numeric tower (including unlimited-precision floats, courtesy of CLN), vectors and dictionaries (courtesy of the STL), and dynamic code loading (courtesy of dlopen). Uses the Boehm GC. Still buggy, not quite ready for prime time, but it does work. OK, then let me ask a different question: why don't you start a bank? > Do you really believe the correct solution for these problems is to essentially make every financial startup a DBA of HUGE_BANK_X? AFAIK Bancorp is not particularly huge by contemporary standards. But I see only three alternatives to being an agent of a bank: 1. Be a money transferor 2. Be a bank yourself 3. Get the law changed None of these is very easy to do. Being an agent of a bank could be the path of least resistance. Word. ;-) A Google Images search for "Easter Island" reveals many heads with above-ground bodies, and a few heads buried up to their noses. That some of the bodies are buried up to the neck should come as no surprise to anyone. > if 300 million people started sending private information to federal agents, the government would need to hire as many as another 300 million people, possibly more, to keep up with the information and we’d have to redesign our entire intelligence system This man is hopelessly naive about modern computer technology. Keeping track of 300 million people is not quite trivial (yet) but well within the means of the FBI at its current staffing and funding levels. Worse -- much worse -- is that data mining is virtually certain to result in very convincing looking false positives. This is why it is unwise to take legal advice from performance artists. I didn't say they were monitoring 300 million people, I said that they could , and so the author's strategy of preventing the FBI from monitoring us by overwhelming them with data is doomed to fail. > you must prove these very strong claims that you are making What very strong claims are you referring to? I have only made two claims: 1) The FBI is easily capable of doing the data processing to monitor 300M people, and so flooding it with data is not an effective defense against being monitored. Facebook monitors 500M+ people. Do you seriously doubt that the FBI couldn't? 2) Data mining the information from 300M people is virtually certain to lead to false positives. Proving this is an elementary exercise in probability theory. The details are left as an exercise. > The dominating term is clearly people Now who has the burden of proof? > who must ultimately review the truly promising information. You could make the same argument for e.g. the stock market. Program trading can never become a dominant force in the market because humans must ultimately make all the decisions (like what programs to run). The flaw in this reasoning should be self-evident. > this is irrelevant to the government [because of] red tape You put too much faith in red tape. You may not have noticed, but since 9/11 there has arisen a shadow government that is not subject to normal bureaucratic constraints, or indeed even to the rule of law. See e.g. http://projects.washingtonpost.com/top-secret-america/ My bet would be natural silting and settlement. Easter Island was deforested at some point in its history. New groundwater patterns and a few hundred years could easily sink a few stone statues up to their eyebrows. Why would the server have to be at home? Why would it not be enough for everyone to have e.g. their own EC2 microinstance? > hands-off investment > I'd like to avoid getting screwed Those are two mutually-exclusive desires. If someone else is running the show and you aren't in the loop, then they will almost certainly be able to screw you if they choose to. At the very least, to avoid being screwed you'll need to be able to make a credible threat of suing them if they choose to screw you. The more hands-off you are the less credible that threat will be. Investing is like any other job. There's no free lunch, no easy way out, and the more work you do the more likely you and the company are to succeed. Sorry for not responding sooner... I've been on the road. First, they can't screw you down to 0%. Your shares are always your shares. You can be diluted down to epsilon, but not to zero. Also, the board has a legal fiduciary responsibility to act in the best interests of the shareholders, so there are limits to how capricious they can be. At the very least they have to be able to provide themselves with plausible deniability that what they are doing is in your interests. There are two legal mechanisms for avoiding future dilution. One is to have a class of non-dilutable stock, but that is hardly ever done. It's a huge red flag for future investors. The other is to have a ride-along clause that gives you the option to participate in future rounds to maintain your current percentage share. It is rare NOT to have this clause, but the problem with that is, obviously, you have to be able to come up with the cash. But by far your best option, since your stake is so high, is to take a board seat. Being on a board is all that time consuming, and it looks good on a resume too. It's not "just logic", it's math, but yeah, pretty much. Page 4: "On a related, but more abstract note, the quantum state has the striking property of being an exponentially complicated object. Specifically, the number of real pa- rameters needed to specify a quantum state is exponen- tial in the number of systems n." This is an oblique way of saying that (quantum) reality consists of many (classical) worlds. > It is quite a mystery It is not a mystery at all. http://flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEaecUuEqfc > Why is this less likely than the alternative? Because the alternative is quantum mechanics. If unconnected states can communicate, QM is wrong. QM is extremely unlikely to be wrong. You're thinking of the wrong kind of relativity. The neutrinos aren't "bound" to any frame. They just move from A to B. The (apparent) distance between A and B changes depending on the observer's frame of reference, as does the (apparent) time it takes them to get from A to B. The faster the observer goes, the shorter the apparent distance (Lorentz contraction) and the smaller the apparent time (time dilation) become. But the RATIO of the apparent distance from A to B to the apparent time it takes light to travel from A to B remains constant. So if the neutrinos are moving faster than light, they will appear to do so as measured from any frame of reference as long as you're consistent about using the same frame to measure time and distance. THAT is where it gets tricky because the GPS satellites that they use to establish both time and distance are all moving in different frames. You also have to take gravity into account because the emitter and detector are non-intertial frames. Why do you think those are mutually exclusive? "the number of real parameters needed to specify a quantum state is exponential in the number of systems" is just a rewording of "the quantum state function is an exponentially complicated object." But when you combine that statement with the main point of the paper, namely, that this exponentially complicated object is physically real, it is not unreasonable to infer that this physically real exponentially complicated object comprises multiple copies of classical reality. In fact, there are logically only three possibilities: 1. The quantum wave function comprises zero classical realities, i.e. what we call classical reality is not real but some kind of illusion. This is actually a scientifically tenable point of view. See http://arxiv.org/abs/quant-ph/9605002 , particularly section VI. 2. The quantum wave function comprises one classical reality, i.e. Copenhagen. This is not any more a scientifically tenable point of view. 3. The quantum wave function comprises multiple classical realities, i.e. many-worlds is (are?) physically real. Personally, I subscribe to option 1. > you meant "inertial frame of reference" Actually no. The speed of light is constant in ALL frames of reference, whether inertial or not. The math just gets more complicated in non-inertial frames. (That's the difference between special and general relativity.) UPDATE: it's actually a little more complicated than that. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Propagation_of_light_in_non-ine... > I'm sure that the effects are tiny for the LHC Actually, gravity is a pretty significant factor. See e.g.: http://www.astronomy.ohio-state.edu/~pogge/Ast162/Unit5/gps.... You assume that the police care if you are guilty or not. They don't. The quality metric that police work towards is not finding the actual perpetrator, it is finding someone who can be convicted, or, even better, strongarmed into confessing and/or accepting a plea bargain. As a (mostly) law-abiding citizen myself I wish it were otherwise. But it isn't. See e.g. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wXkI4t7nuc > You assume that the over three quarters of a million US law enforcement officers act uniformly. No, I don't. It only takes one less-than-perfectly-honest cop or prosecutor to totally destroy your life. Just ask Troy Davis. (Oh, wait, you can't. He's dead. He was recently executed for a crime he (almost certainly) did not commit.) Being convicted of a crime you didn't commit may be a risk you're willing to take, but your snide remarks are not justified merely by the fact that others choose not to share your risk posture. First, it is widely considered prudent to take precautions against both lightning and bees precisely because they are not negligible risks. Some people even consider it prudent to avoid, say, sharks despite the fact that the number of people killed by sharks is smaller than either lightning or bees. Personally, I have gone scuba diving with sharks, but I can certainly understand that this is not for everyone. I've also gone bungee jumping and flown small single-engine airplanes in bad weather. Some people smoke. I don't. Everyone's risk posture is different. Second, it is far from clear that your chances of wrongful conviction in the U.S. are smaller than being struck by lightning. The Innocence Project has exonerated 280 people. That's 5-10 years worth of lightning deaths in the U.S., and those are just the ones that they have been able to prove were innocent using DNA testing and limited resources. The actual number of wrongly convicted people behind bars is surely much higher, but reliable numbers are understandably hard to come by. And third, the U.S. has a lamentable track record of using criminal prosecution to silence various forms of dissent. c.f. Bradley Manning, Aaron Swartz, and all the people being arrested and pepper sprayed at the OWS protests. All of these things can factor into one's personal decisions on how to interact with law enforcement. A certain level of skepticism about the integrity of the legal system is (alas) a defensible position. Snideness is about HOW you say something, not WHAT you say. "What is the statistical significance of a YouTube video?" is a snide comment completely independent of the question of whether or not a YouTube video actually has statistical significance (whatever that could possibly mean). BTW, your claimed math literacy is not much in evidence here. Of course opinions have no "statistical weight" (whatever that could possibly mean). Only data has statistical significance. So let's examine the data. So far in this discussion I've offered up three data points: 1. A video (hosted on YouTube, though I fail to see how that could possibly be relevant) of two individuals, one of whom claims to be a lawyer and another who claims to be a former police officer, both of whom say that it is unwise to talk to the police under any circumstances, and explain why in considerable detail. 2. The well-documented fact that the Innocence Project has to date exonerated 280 people. 3. The fact that Troy Davis was recently executed for a crime he almost certainly did not commit. Are these data points statistically significant? I have no idea. I haven't done the math. But 1) neither have you and 2) the burden of proof is not on me. I am only arguing that it is not unreasonable to be wary of law enforcement. If someone wants to dispute that, the burden is on them to show that law enforcement is trustworthy. So far no one participating in this discussion has offered up EVEN A SINGLE DATA POINT in support of that position. So my three data points may or may not be statistically significant, but (and here comes a fine example of a snide comment) I dare say they have better prospects than your zero data points. > I must assume you're retracting your earlier statements, then No. The reason it is reasonable to be wary of law enforcement is because the police don't care if you're guilty. Let me be more precise about what I mean by that. It may well be that most individual police officers really do care if you're innocent. But on a systemic level they do not care. They are trained not to care. Their job (they are told) is not to determine guilt or innocence. That (they are told) is the prosecutor's job. (And the prosecutors usually pass the buck to the jury.) The police are not rewarded for letting innocent people go, they are rewarded for making arrests on probable cause. (And prosecutors are not rewarded for letting innocent people go either, they are rewarded for securing convictions.) I did not mean to cast aspersions on individual law enforcement officers. I'm sure most of them are fine upstanding people. They work hard. They put their lives on the line. They deal with the scumbags of the world so the rest of us don't have to. I respect them and I'm grateful that they are there. But the police (and prosecutors) work within a system that actively discourages them from thinking about whether you are actually innocent (except insofar as your actual innocence might prevent them from convicting you) and encourages them to think instead only in terms of whether they can collect enough evidence to prove your guilt beyond a reasonable doubt in the mind of a jury, or to present to you a sufficiently credible threat of being able to convince a jury so that you'll accept a plea bargain. Your actual guilt is (and by their training ought to be) irrelevant to them. BTW, there's a defensible argument that the system ought to be this way, which is that determining actual guilt or innocence is really, really hard, and individuals are easily swayed by emotions and other irrational factors (in both directions BTW) and this system is designed so that no one individual's irrationality can affect the outcome too much. Flawed as it is, it is arguable that it's the best we can do given human nature. Postscript (since I just saw your edit): a 0.5% false conviction rate is very high. There are about 8 million convicts in the U.S. At 0.5%, that would be 40,000 wrongly convicted. That's about 500 years worth of lightning strike casualties. > the vast majority of law enforcement are not conspiring to convict everyone and anyone for a crime Clearly. But a conspiracy is not the only way to produce bad outcomes. I vote for "prove". All those extra and unnecessary quotes and commas. Blech. And all that extra ugliness just so you can re-use the JS parser? IMHO there's no excuse for this. It's really easy to write a parser that does the Right Thing, e.g.: http://www.flownet.com/ron/lisp/l.py This presents a very thorny language design problem. Lists have this very nice property that they are ordered , which lets you attach implied semantics to the position of an element, e.g.: (defun foo (a b c) ...) We know this is a function defining because the symbol DEFUN is in the FIRST position of the list. Associative arrays are unordered, so you have to explicitly label everything: { top-level-form : defun, arguments : { 1 : a, 2 : b, 3 : c }, ... } Or something like that. You can see where that would get annoying. Exercise for the reader: what happens if you base a Lisp-like language on vectors instead of cons cells? No, there's a lot of parsing happening. It's just that you're using (part of) the Javascript parser to do it. Email notifications when someone posts a response to one of your comments. Having to poll and scan the threads link is annoying. > Could you allow (a b c) as a synonym for { 0 a 1 b 2 c }? Yes, of course, but all you've done is re-invent vectors. > you lose cdr (except by copying the rest of the vector) Copying the rest of the vector is not semantically equivalent to CDR unless you are being purely functional. But you can actually implement CDR using displaced vectors. > You must have something in mind other than this? Could be :-) Try writing EVAL for a vector-based Lisp and see what happens. In particular, when you're done, make a list of all the primitives you needed to employ in order to do it. There's a deep insight at the end of this process. (No, I'm not going to tell you what it is.) > cdr gets expensive Yes, that's one thing. But do you really need CDR? > You could represent a list as a naked array of lisp pointers, but then cons gets expensive. Actually, it's much worse than that. CONS actually becomes impossible. (Think about it.) But maybe there's something else that you can use instead of CONS? > And good luck garbage collecting the vectors Why would that be a problem? Extant Lisps collect vectors just fine. The phrase "permit pointers inside the vectors" doesn't really make sense. Vectors are just ordered collections of objects. They don't have insides and outsides, except insofar as the objects contained by the vector could be (but usually aren't) considered "inside" the vector. Lisp vectors are usually implemented as arrays of pointers, so in that sense pointers are "permitted" inside vectors. But I'm guessing that's not what you meant. (I have no idea what you actually meant.) You are conflating the abstract data type with its implementation. A hash-map is one implementation of an associative array. A tree is another implementation of an associative array. A tree happens to depend on an ordering of the keys in order to do efficient lookup and a hash-map doesn't, but this is an implementation detail. It's not part of the definition of an associative array. And this is a good thing because not all data types have well defined orderings but you still might want to use them as keys, with symbols being the most notable example. Ah. What you are calling a "pointer to the inside of a vector" is actually called a displaced vector. It's a standard Common Lisp feature, and no problem for modern GCs. Cool! Thanks! I suppose depth is in the eye of the beholder. That's pretty much it: to build a Lisp out of vectors you need numbers as primitives. To build a Lisp out of cons cells you don't. Follow-up exercise: do you need numbers to build a Lisp out of associative arrays? (Hint: this is not a trivial question to answer.) The problem with significant whitespace is that you can't count on whitespace to be preserved across many common protocols. Text editors will convert spaces to tabs and vice-versa. HTML rendering eats whitespace. Cut-and-paste may or may not preserve whitespace. Python has had this problem since its inception. If you're editing a Python program in emacs python mode and you hit TAB at the wrong time you can inadvertently change the semantics of your code. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. I'm a big Python fan, but significant whitespace is a bad idea. I use Python a lot. And I encounter these problems often enough for them to be very annoying. > So can you if you hit "}" or ";" at the wrong time in a braceful language... The difference is that when you hit "}" or ";" the effect is always the same, it's always visible, and it's always possible to undo by hitting DELETE. If you hit either of those characters N times, you can always undo that by hitting delete N times. This is not true for the tab key. The effect of hitting TAB depends on the context. Determining whether your last press of the TAB key had an effect or not requires that you remember the previous state, and so undoing the effect (or lack thereof) of hitting TAB requires that you remember the previous state. And if you ever do a block auto-indent at the wrong time you are pretty much hosed. I agree. But those are not our only choices. The ironic thing about Python is that it actually does have an open-brace. It's the colon. The compiler can tell that this: def foo(): baz() is syntactically incorrect. And if you tab the second line, auto-indent can do the Right Thing. The screw case is this: def foo(): if baz: bar() bing() boff() If you auto-indent the last line, it will quietly change the semantics of your program. That's bad. I always end my blocks with a PASS statement (or a return), i.e.: def foo(): if baz: bar() bing() pass boff() return If you do this, then auto-indent will always do the Right Thing. This is particularly beneficial if you want to take a big block of code and wrap in an an outer block. I can add two lines to the above code: def foo(): while snoz: Then I can just auto-indent the whole thing and be confident that the result will be correct. Contrast this with the traditional method where you have to manually re-indent your code. If you accidentally select the wrong region to re-indent you can change the semantics of the code in a way that loses the information about what the semantics should have been. The only way to recover from this is to manually reconstruct the correct semantics. It may not happen very often, but when it does it's a colossal PITA. (Entering those examples was a colossal PITA too.) Ummm... am I missing something? Every video I click on is a rickroll. > Wait, so you reconstruct the end delimiter using pass? Yes. > That's one of the least-pythonic things I've ever seen. What can I say? It works. > I really don't see how this could end up being a problem Do you use emacs? Open up two windows, each with an emacs editing some python code in python mode. Cut and paste some code from one window into the other. I use emacs and python-mode. This is not an editor issue. It's more fundamental than that. The problem is this: block: stmt1 stmt2 stmt3 stmt4 stmt5 If your indenting gets screwed up for ANY reason there is not enough information left to reconstruct it. There is enough information reconstruct the indent at stmt1 (thanks to the colon, which is essentially equivalent to a left curly brace), but not enough to reconstruct the outdent at stmt4. There are many, many ways for indentation to get screwed up. > if your braces get screwed up for ANY reason there is not enough information left to reconstruct them That's not necessarily true. If my code is indented, then I can reconstruct the braces from the indentation. Also, it's a lot easier to inadvertently screw up whitespace than a brace because there are so many more things out there in the digital world (HTML, autoindent) that muck around with whitespace than things that muck around with braces. The right answer is to SPECIFY block structure using braces (or something equivalent), but then RENDER the block structure using (automatically generated) indentation. It's perfectly fine for the compiler to complain if they don't match. This is one case where redundancy is a feature, not a bug. If you hate braces and love whitespace so much, why are you not urging Guido to get rid of the colon? It's essentially equivalent to an open brace. Why is an open brace more pythonic than a close brace? > using a poor editor I use emacs, but just to see if maybe I'm missing something I fired up vim and tried editing some Python code. AFAICT vim (at least out of the box on Snow Leopard) is not aware of Python syntax at all. I call BS. I just went through the process of ordering an iPhone from the Apple store. No drivers license required, only an SSN, and that is SOP for any credit check. If you order an unlocked phone and pay full freight you don't even need an SSN. Also hard to believe that he had to guess the answer for every single math question. If you hate passwords, check out http://dswi.net/ Actually, the encrypted key is stored in localStorage, not sessionStorage. If you choose "keep me logged in" then the UNencrypted key is stored in sessionStorage (which automatically goes away when you close the window). There are no cookies involved (unless the site using DSSID for login gives you a session cookie). Packaging PKI so that a non-technical user can use it is the central challenge here. There's actually quite a lot of functionality that is hidden in order to keep things simple. To see it visit: https://secure.dswi.net/dssid/auth DSSID has been tested in FF, Chrome, Safari and Opera. It doesn't depend on certificates, so deleting your root CA's shouldn't make a difference. Google "HTML5 local storage" for more info on localStorage and sessionStorage. Of course it's my fault :-) Failing silently is never acceptable under any circumstances. That said, a silent failure is pretty weird. It can happen if you have Javascript disabled (are you running noscript?), but there's a check for that on the demo page. I just added an explicit check on the DSSID page, so please try it again. Is there a reason you don't just use the various email to sms gateways provided by the carriers? "She didn’t so much report stories as use blogging, invective and search engine optimization to create an alternative reality." And "real" media outlets NEVER do that. Oh, wait... http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3292885 For an even simpler alternative to BrowserID see: http://dswi.net/ ? (expt-mod-n 7 (/ (1- 1729) 2) 1729) 742 What's your code written in? Yeah, I actually have this too apparently, though it's very infrequent for me. I'm not sure what's weirder, that it happens, or that it has a name. Just for the record, I actually found out about this here: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/nrf8s/iama_26_year_old... It sounds like a real sound that happens outside me. For me, it sounds like a loud "whack" as if someone hit a baseball in my bedroom. It only happens as I'm falling asleep and it usually wakes me up. It takes a little while to figure out that it wasn't real, especially the first few times it happened. That seems improbable. The Jordan river is mentioned only once in the Bible (Mark 1:5) and it has nothing to do with sound. Nowhere in the Bible do the words "sound" and "river" occur in the same verse. "Sound" and "Jordan" likewise are never found together in the same verse. You're right. I thought the unqualified mentions of Jordan were referring to the country, not the river. But the country of Jordan didn't exist (at least not by that name) until 1921. If you want to save the world from existential threats you might also consider donating to the B612 Foundation. It's a group ex-astronauts working to fly a spacecraft to find and deflect asteroids on a collision course with earth. http://b612foundation.org/ Common Lisp: (defmethod filter-map (f (a array)) ...) I have no idea what you mean by "adding it (which "it"?) as an "instance" method to a collection". You can do this: (defmethod filter-map (f (c (eql some-particular-collection))) ...) but I suspect that's not what you meant. I also can't make heads or tails out of "expecting that it (which "it"?) is usable by something not being a collection at all." I'm not even sure that's proper English, let alone semantically meaningful. Maybe if you stated what you think the actual issue is in clear, unambiguous terms instead of being pissy and snarky about it this discussion will not degenerate into chaos. No, CL is not statically typed. And your point would be...? > Author complains about the inability of the compiler to prove some property of his code. No, the author is complaining about the complexity of the language. Maybe you should go back and re-read the article. Start with the title. > Untyped languages Lisp is not untyped. "Not statically typed" is not synonymous with "untyped." > Therefore, you are completely missing the point. Which of us is missing the point remains to be seen. > The issue is with static typing. One can define a filterMap function in Scala much as you defined it in CL. The author's goal is to do that while also always statically knowing the most precise type of the returned collection. That's right. > So, it's an issue that only comes up in a statically typed language. No, that's wrong. You can do type inference in non-statically typed languages. Lisp compilers do this all the time. > you're both new here My account was created 1458 days ago. Just how long does someone have to be here before you no longer consider them "new"? That's right. At this point I would like to remind both you and soc88 of a parable: Patient: Doctor, it hurts when I do this. Doctor: Well, don't do that. (Soc88's response, in the context of this parable, is something along the lines of, "But anyone who doesn't do this is a moron.") Inferring types at compile time is necessarily hard. It is a corollary of the halting problem that no static type inference can be perfect. Therefore you have the following choices: 1. A simple compiler that sometimes fails to identify type errors at compile time 2. A simple compiler that sometimes produces false positives (i.e. signals a type error in a program that is in fact correct) 3. A complicated compiler. (Note that even a complicated compiler will also do 1 or 2 or both, but potentially less often than a simple compiler.) Those are your only options. Reasonable people can disagree over which is preferable.