Good luck with that. I daydream of a similar path (though Spain/Portugal rather than France). 150,000 people die every day. Check www.breathingearth.net and watch the counts of births/deaths, how quickly they move. Watch the deaths. Try to imagine each one as a real human being with a funeral, mourners, leaving a gap in other's lives. It's hard - impossible? 100,000 people is a _lot_ of people. That's not considering all the suffering that happens before many of those deaths from illness, disease, accident, war, muggings and assaults... I don't think people could stay sane if we couldn't be dismissive (or perhaps, accepting) of mass suffering. I downloaded a Ha, I thought, Vim will eat this for breakfast. chug chug , task manager, end task. :( Right, I'll break out the Emacs. chug chug , task manager, end task. :( Hmm, what else do I have. Notepad. opened in seconds . :) Promptly followed by search and replace can't insert newlines . :( If 80 in 10000 people who read Hacker News click on that link and 80% of them read all of the page, and 9 in 200 of them would previously have voted up the link and 32% of them leave New York at 14:10 travelling at 55mph, what is the probability that one of them is Bruce Willis? The world is just waiting for Fax-to-Voicemail. Just play the faxmail recording into your fax machine to get a convenient printout of the message! Like an email you can skim read the text, like a phonecall you can be sure it arrived. The best of both worlds! Oh, sorry - the prior probability that any given person is Bruce Willis is roughly 1 in 6x10^9. I can follow the nice, sensible text about how you can take an initial probability of something happening, and a binary test which branches into four outcomes including genuine and false positives and genuine and false negatives, and the ratios coming from the four branches describe how accurately the test discerns the two possibilities, and the more accurate the test the more tightly coupled it is to the thing you are testing for and the more it drives the initial probability one way or the other. "A Plan for Spam" - an initial probability than an email is spam. A test such as "does the email contain 'vi4gra'" and some probabilities calculated from your email archive of how often spam contains 'vi4gra' and how often it doesn't, and how often ham contains 'vi4gra' and how often it doesn't, and you can precisely adjust your probability of an email being spam based on whether it contains that text. Training it on your email archive means you can judge incoming email never seen before without being unfairly prejudiced against it just because it's new, only judging it on whether it has spammy characteristics - and Bayes' Theorem applied to your previous email _tells you what it means for an email to have spammy characteristics_, is that right? It seems kind of straightforward, and yet I can't (yet) follow it through numerically so I clearly don't understand it; I may be glossing over big important parts of it. So if 300 people have a 30% probability of having a positive result from a mammography, and 60% of people who don't have a positive result aren't 40% less likely to not have a 1 in 10 chance of already being a winner ... wait, where did the train come into it again? :( If you do that, and load some information from a slow storage device (hard disk), calculate on it for a hundred years, then write it back, load some more, repeat, until you have computed "one planck time" accross your entire simulated universe... ... at what point in the loading, crunching, saving, does the information inside feel concious and self aware 'in realtime'? "If you're investing $500+ in a chair, you'd understandably want to be sure it's "the one"." Really?. Go to ted.com and watch Barry Schwartz's video on the paradox of choice... you will probably be happier with your chair if you have no choice of chair, or choose it quickly and are stuck with it, with no opportunity to change your mind than if you try dozens of them with 30 day no quibble return policies to find 'the one'. That seems an unwise choice... "Bayesianity states that, when you die, Pierre-Simon Laplace examines every single event in your life [...] Then Laplace takes every event in your life, and every probability you assigned to each event, and multiplies all the probabilities together. This is your Final Judgment - the probability you assigned to your life. Those who follow Bayesianity strive all their lives to maximize their Final Judgment. This is the sole virtue of Bayesianity. The rest is just math. One who follows Bayesianity will never assign a probability of 1.0 to anything. Assigning a probability of 1.0 to some outcome uses up all your probability mass. If you assign a probability of 1.0 to some outcome, and reality delivers a different answer, you must have assigned the actual outcome a probability of 0. This is Bayesianity's sole mortal sin. Zero times anything is zero. When Laplace multiplies together all the probabilities of your life, the combined probability will be zero. Your Final Judgment will be doodly-squat, zilch, nada, nil. No matter how rational your guesses during the rest of your life, you'll spend eternity next to some guy who believed in flying saucers and got all his information from the Weekly World News" - http://yudkowsky.net/bayes/technical.html "Is anyone else ever disturbed by the attempts to "make X fun!" by inclusion of cartoon characters and other inanity?" Yes, Mr Lockhart is - "A similar problem occurs when teachers or textbooks succumb to cutesyness. This is where, in an attempt to combat so-called 'math anxiety' (one of the panoply of diseases which are actually caused by school), math is made to seem 'friendly'. To help your students memorize formulas for the area and circumference of a circle, for example, you might invent this whole story about 'Mr. C', who drives around 'Mrs. A' and tells her how nice his 'two piesare' (C = 2πr) and how her 'pies are square' (A = πr2) or some such nonsense. But what about the real story? The one about mankind’s struggle with the problem of measuring curves; about Eudoxus and Archimedes and the method of exhaustion; about the transcendence of pi? Which is more interesting? measuring the rough dimensions of a circular piece of graph paper, using a formula that someone handed you without explanation (and made you memorize and practice over and over) or hearing the story of one of the most beautiful, fascinating problems, and one ofthe most brilliant and powerful ideas in human history? We’re killing people’s interest in circles for god’s sake!" - http://www.maa.org/devlin/LockhartsLament.pdf (which I originally found linked on HN or reddit, and enjoyed reading ... but then what? Where is a near layperson to find mathematical writing that walks the line between Mr C and his two pies, and the impenetrable mathworld.wolfram.com, neatly skipping the textbooks written to look comprehensive to school purchasers, rather than to be useful? ( http://www.overcomingbias.com/2007/11/lost-purposes.html )) You say that as if he should admit some wrong doing. People paid him to manage their money, asking him to make as much as possible, knowing that he could win or lose, and he did and lost. Where did he "do wrong"? Ah, ok. Windows Mobile and Symbian cover a lot of devices and many years of brand building and development - Apple has one phone, 12 months of sales. For them to get it so right that it competes even slightly impresses me. They seem correct because they almost all change their minds so they can't be wrong: "Last year, Joe Q. Bloggs wrote 'Why the iPhone is terrible, stupid and will go nowhere and nobody will buy it'" "So Joe, are you surprised by the iPhone's success?" "No." "Last year, Bill Q. Briggs wrote 'the iPhone is absolutely and without any doubt the. worst. phone. ever., bar none, and it has no redeeming features. at all. It is the "big rigs" of phones'." "So, Mr Briggs, are you surprised by the iPhones success?" "No. Anyone can see it's a great phone, I always said it had the bling factor." > and I have yet to hear anyone explain to me what OGG gives me that mp3 doesn't The right to use - or as a developer, create - a program that can play/record music in that format without permission from, or payment to, the people who developed and patented said format. The right to read the file format specification and change it to suit your own use without consulting or paying anyone or breaking the law. You are explaining how you download music in MP3 format to avoid DRM restrictions - but the MP3 format itself is locked-in and restricted. Yes things are innovative and interesting while being restricted, but they aren't free if they are restricted. That is, they can't be used to build more innovative and interesting things (without permission or payment) if they are restricted. Since my Gran was in a home, I've thought that IT / the internet really should be able to help with some of the loneliness. I know I feel more connected with forums and IRC than I do without. No. Sites I want YC to fund include a new product review site. One that focuses on the details of a device's software rather than pure hardware spec. The iPhone/iPod touch is far from just a tablet with firefox (safari) on it. It's understandable, affordant, responsive, coherent, slick, sleek, predictable, wonderful. It has QWAN by the bucket load. It DWIM. And you don't get a feel for that in a review that talks about its 128Mb RAM and 400Mhz processor and IMAP email support. That makes it sound identical to my Windows Mobile HTC, yet between the two is a vast yawning cavern of difference. What he describes is, frankly, a crap idea. It's got a big touch screen, processor, memory, storage, OS, power supply, video card, mainboard, USB controller, WLAN, but No keyboard, and with extremely limited software. Yes, a general computer with extremely limited software. Exactly what drives the development of OpenMoko, pwnagetool, Linux, ipodlinux, DD-WRT and openWRT, linux for the PS2 and on and on. Has he seen the Asus EEE inspired Dell E? The other dozens of small, cheap, wireless-enabled, flash driven linux subnotebooks? I feel that any list worded in the style: - some item - another item - ... - oh yeah, and REALLY IMPORTANT POINT contains condescension inherently. It says "the last point is the core of my post and is so important that you must know it. See how I faked almost-forgetting-it to clearly show how trivial it is to me. Be thankful that I deigned to hand it down to you instead of just throwing it away." I can't believe that kind of upmod gets commented here. Wikipedia Do they? Or are you defining average environments as those environments in which average work is done? The PG-recommended startup plan consists of several people sharing low cost living-and-working space and living on instant noodles, yet doing above average work. The direction of cause and effect doesn't seem as clear cut as DHH suggests. If, as he claims, most people would want to take longevity treatment, why does Aubrey De Gray face such opposition from people against it? Why doesn't he consider anything else that would change? You don't get longevity right now - nobody will be a hundred and fifty for a good 50 years, and that's a lot of technological change at today's rate. What about the problem that all the things he discusses relating to compound interest, insurance and pension investments and so on rely on the economy "continuing to grow" forever and ever, which seems a bit of an unsustainable idea. Also, he is arguing as if the longevity treatment will lead to a world full of handout-dependent frail unproductive elderly people. Aubrey de Gray particularly, is after life extension by reverting ongoing ageing and keeping people healthy and middle aged indefinitely. That is, not retired and on handouts and depending on young people to support them, but "being" young people themselves. The real goal of longevity is not a long retirement but a long vibrant life. What about people who own their own homes by the time they are 50, invest for another 50 years until they are 100, then live off the interest - they wont be dependent on young workers to keep their pensions going (except to the extent of needing a permanently growing economy to pay interest :P). Pensions are only around because old people "can't" work today. I say "can't" in quotes, because if it came down to it a lot could with the help of good future telecomms kit or part time work (or powered exoskeletons or whatever). It's a very poorly-considered scaremongering article and as such quite annoying. The author should go and read John Wyndham's "Trouble With Lichen", and then some De Gray, Kurzweil, Yudkowsky and as much general Sci-Fi as possible to broaden his/her perception of the kinds of futures that may be, so they don't get stuck with one world view. Indefinitely long lived people could colonise Mars (and further) - what's a 6 month trip and 50 years of colony building then? Or with some improved materials, Clarke style space elevator skyscrapers, or Asimov style undergroundscrapers or undersea dwellings. Or any of the following somewhat plausible ideas could change everything - AI / effective neural enhancements / wearable computers where (user + wearable) > (unenhanced human) / useable genetically engineered bacteria / usable nanotechnology / etc. Craig Venter is working on genetically engineered bacteria to convert plants -> fuel locally, on a small scale. Imagine owning a home and a fuel plant and a self harvesting farm with resiliant crops... you wouldn't need to work full time to live and that would free up partial jobs for younger people. As they say, it's prudent to think about longevity before it happens. But shouldn't we think about how to make it happen smoothly and pleasantly for as many people as possible, and not just worry and spread FUD about it? Thinking that you can design your own crypto system is the flaw. If you can say "I did X so now that doesn't apply to me", then you're back to thinking it's OK for you to do it - in that case, it's not OK for you to do it again. Yes, that leaves nobody who can invent new cryptosystems. That's fine. I guess we'll have to get some smart person who doesn't think they can invent a good crypto system to do it, and who thus spends many years of careful, skillful analysis doing the best job they can instead. Oh well. ;) This is (another) reason why Biometric ID cards are not a good idea. As a government official who wants to roll out ID cards, would you rather one that's available now, or one that's going to be out in 3-5 years and be more expensive, but which the vendor alleges will be an unquantifiable amount "more secure"? In a perfect world, mimetypes would not exist. A PDF file does not become a plain text file just because some berk serves it with "text/plain" and it shouldn't open directly in the browser showing me a stream of gibberish. A PDF file also does not suddenly become a security risk worthy of blocking at a firewall because some berk served it as "application/x-initech-file" (true story, name changed). Use the file extension, that's what it's there for. If it's a .gif, don't load and run it as a Java program! hmm, that's a bit of a flaw in my plan. """What we had hoped for was more awareness, some recognition that their position needed explaining and even justification.""" Why does their position need justification? """They could not see that the pleasure they derived from possessions, prospects and doing well by their children is universal and that others deserve a share of that, too.""" Would the authors care explain on what grounds others "deserve" a share? """A last defence against paying more tax was their absolute conviction that government is inefficient and could not to be trusted with a penny more.""" Not-rich people seem to think that rather a lot, too. """One banker said he thought a family of four receives "say, £3,000 a month in their hands, and they're somewhere miles up north. They're not going to earn that sort of money, so where's the incentive for them to go out to work?" In fact, a family of four would in 2008 receive a net total of £1,328 a month.""" That's still the after-tax take home of someone on the average salary mentioned earlier. Free. Ad-hom Scroogey name calling wont help. This is engineering, not artwork. All of the weight of the rider is being borne on the tiny pivot joints between the circular bits and the "boxes". The rear circular bit would have to be hollow to contain some kind of drive chain, and the rear wheel would need hub gears. Internal break cables, or breaking by pedaling backwards. Steering pivots on the middle joint, so the front circular bit turns too. Definitely ugly though. ;) I'm not at all for it. It's bloody annoying. So many firewalls and routers and lights out cards and remote access controllers and other misc. network kit - firefox 3 is tripping over itself to get in my way as much as possible. On another note, Windows mobile does this about Exchange Activesync connections, and some carriers force you to edit the registry to allow self signed certificates, then make you install the certificate. It was such a breath of fresh air when the iPhone just said "Trust this site? Yes / No", I clicked "Yes" and that was it. The real problem is that it's no more secure. It's IN MY FACE, but the result is not me comparing hashes and generating trusted certificates and bringing the devices back to this office and connecting by console to install the certificates over a known a trusted connection (because trusting the site, then installing a certificate is not secure if the site is already subject to a man in the middle attack)... I still skip over it, but now I hate firefox because of it as well. And if the end result isn't more security, and is more annoying, then it's not a good solution. In what sense was this a scam? Obscured, hard to find or misleading price? Nope. False or misleading promises of what the program does? Nope. So what's the scam? That you think it's overpriced? That he bought it and now doesn't want it? That the author created it with the sole intention of making money? Caveat Emptor, and all that. Yes, I think there should be an "undo" option, a cooldown period, right to cancellation and money back no questions asked - but there's no wrongdoing here - he has no right to feel outraged or hard done by about the situation. If you're on Windows there's also MaxiVista Sketchy, Fitful Why Other roads with traffic problems bad enough that drivers avoid them if they believe a new alternative has appeared. "imagine yourself living next door to him" In my imagination I'm not peering through his basement window going "Oh no, things I don't understand and which therefore they must be 'potentially dangerous'! This an emergency!" "This is hardly a "chemical set". It sits firmly in "WTF" category, especially if you are charged with protecting public safety. A couple of posts earlier you said this is _not_ an example of "war on the unexpected", now you argue that because people in charge say "wtf?" when they hear what he's doing, they should shut him down just in case - in the interests of public safety. Which is exactly the point of the "war on the unexpected" discussion. "Consider the context. An usually large amount of potentially dangerous chemicals in a residential area is an emergency situation." No, it's not. A swimming pool is an unusually large amount of potentially dangerous chemical - someone could die of asphyxiation if they accidentally inhaled even a very small fraction of it! Ban DiHydrogen Monoxide! Fearmongering for everyone! Heck, with this we can completely solve "build something people want" and fill in the ever mysterious step 2 into the bargain: 1) Create a home page peppered with links (all 404s) 2) Fill in the links, prioritising by link click count, building your company into one which solely and only does Things People Want (tm). 3) Profit "Fool me once, shame on ... {404 proverb not found} shame on you. Fool me, can't get fooled again" To borrow from Eliezer, if you really can't believe something that is happening can happen, then your mental model is wrong. I originally posted: Every time I have hit this message, it has been mostly irrelevant to me and disrupted what I was doing [I'm no longer so certain - I can't be sure my router configs haven't been stolen by a MITM attack. I suppose I really ought to find out how to generate and install SSL certificates from a trusted root on them, and post them to someone at the remote sites on an encrypted pen drive.] I manage a fair amount of networking kit, I find Google results to mailing lists with mysterious and pointless SSL connections. As someone posted in the "End of the Windows Era" thread: "I don't care what OS you have, as long as you have a reasonable browser". This isn't reasonable behaviour. SSL does not prove anything useful - at the very most that you are connecting to the site your browser intended to connect to, assuming the site DNS hasn't been hacked. Anyone can pay $20 and get a valid certificate and that doesn't mean you should trust them with your bank account details. Any site with a valid SSL cert might have been hacked behind the SSL termination. If you're scared of MITM attacks, aren't you just as scared of valid SSL certificates on sites with fake DNS or hacked servers? IE8 isn't out properly yet. Maybe with enough fuss, it can be changed before it is. They have collectively invested squillions of hours, but I question whether they have done so "improving" the desktop. My stock answer to this, and I am picking on them somewhat unfairly but it feels representative enough to make a point, is Linspire. "Come on baby, run Linspire" they sang at me. "We have photo organisers and music players" they advertised. And showed a picture of LSongs Media Player. http://media.linspire.com/mailers/mm/lsongs-shot.jpg Need I say more? Is anything else needed to tell you why people are willing to spend $$$ on OSX? Software licensing - the worst invention since tangled cables. I don't want key infrastructure to have license keys in it and need new license keys to unlock more features. ESX Server? Firewalls? Routers? No! As little code as possible, as high quality as possible, please. Why not? If Eve can take control of DNS and redirect bankofamerica.com to an IP on her servers, and it goes to a webserver with a ceritficate signed for "bankofamerica.com" by a widely trusted CA, then the browser will load it without complaint and show it as a padlocked site. The only guard seems to be whether she can get any certificate company to sign a certificate for bankofamerica.com. Since it's cheap and easy to get basic SSL certificates from many places, this doesn't seem a very difficult obstacle for her to overcome with a bit of forging, social engineering, insider access, bribery, etc. (I imagine that she could go to the real bankofamerica.com, save the certificate details it presents, and pass them on MITM style - but hope there are replay-prevention techniques involved. This doesn't affect the question above, though). https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html I use one of those quite often - I think the "zap" one. Because you can, er, "make $$$ fa$t", as the saying goes. There is no ground level - it's turtles all the way down. That's what you would do? Is that what you actually do? Presumably you have had (or could have borrowed) $300 in capital at some point in your life... "Yeah", he replied using his pencil-thin infrared flashlight input device. It's Monday August 25th, 2048. You are old. Kids around you are fed up of your stories with no point, your failed dreams of longevity, rejuvenation and mental uploading sound like all fifty year old future predictions have ever done. There is technology everywhere, but like I said, you're old and it's all Greek to you (and after the cheap nervous system splice, you can't stop your hands shaking enough to coherently access the menus and change it back). Your colleagues aren't phoning you to ask for a boat impeller design as magnetohydrodrives became popular after the rise of the room temperature semiconductor and your firm went under a dozen years ago. There is still no one-pill-meal and the first moon base plans (all autonomic) are only 3 to 5 years from approval by the Brazilian Government. The eleventy o'clock bell rings. Everyone stops what they are doing and switches to the two-minute-hate channel for a good rant and to diffuse a daysworth of anger. Today's figure was picked for raising hopes too high and contributing to the misery of millions. It's Ray Kurzweil. You vent your spleen all over (there's surgery that can fix that now, but you couldn't afford it if you sold your left kidney, assuming you hadn't already done so). Amazingly, you do live in a dome-covered city. It's stiflingly hot and muggy year round. Do you mean Ortho-K? (Not sure if that's a procedure or a brand name). They've got a team of people and multiple companies involved, a basic case, hardware plan and working model, and your response is: "you can't do that, your working model isn't good enough, you're all incompetent and overreaching, you're a bunch of nerds and you're just stealing other designer's hardware." Why does your comment have any positive votes at all? Much as I think the idea is silly (keyboards forever!) "Do these guys really think you can brew up a $200 web tablet at an old kitchen table?" - yes, yes they do. And good luck to them. They do have to have your permission to do any of that - you have to agree to the EULA. Every time someone does something like this, I think "that was a good idea! Oh well, there are no good ideas left now". Will I ever learn? "Canada breaks free from ice continent" You considered hiring someone to work 9-5 on your companies pet project as a way to break him out of his his dispirited 9-5 coder profile? This almost makes me want to start a successful startup so I can afford a Lamborghini. If you can and would pay 10 to 100 times the price, then you wouldn't describe the original thing as "very expensive". (A prius doesn't cost an arm and a leg. boom boom.) Summary: "several products exist with different specifications and prices" ... Summary: stop doing things I don't like. :p More seriously, his post states the cost and some specifications of a macbook, and a low-cost windows laptop and that people might consider price and "mac aura" before buying. He doesn't make any useful, interesting or funny observations, conclusions, assertions or explanations. That's his entire post. Not, "here's why I think the mac is more expensive" or "what will happen to the mac as cheap windows laptops get more powerful" or "if the mac aura is the main reason for the cost then it means XYZ", or "in previous economic downturns, mac prices changed like XYZ" or "Based on this, I predict the next device from apple will be an XYZ" or "I've built a mac price predictor" or anything. Not even as simple as "The mac is $750 more and I think that's too much ". "makes you wonder." - makes him wonder what? "at first glance it seems like a great deal" - what about at second and further glances? "I know it's apples and oranges, they're different" - how about discussing the differences in detail? "saving $750 at a time of economic uncertainly could resonate with many consumers." - discuss. Explain. Reveal insight. Predict. No, none of that. Just "two products exist with different specifications and prices". It's a simplistic one sentence summary for a simplistic too-many-sentence blog post. Where's the hacking? the news? the opinion? Where's the content ? You love your macbook? fine, make it a four word blog post. That would be better. A passionate outburst for a product so unusually, distinctively good that you can't resist being happy that it simply exists! "Sometimes you need your files on the run, and we were amazed that no one had made it easy" What? Never heard of offline files, briefcases, SSH/FTP/SFTP/Web/WebDAV servers, Sharepoint, Groove...? (or any of millions of online file repositories?) What do you mean "of its kind"? Windows Offline Files and briefcases actually work. Volume Shadow Copy actually works. WebFolders actually work. They're just not as well connected or cross platform. That seems an odd keyword for the sort of person capable of writing dropbox and for a site like HN which revels in arguments about what kind of threading mechanisms are preferable. I don't suppose I'd win any favor for saying Offline Folders - you logoff your domain, they sync, you logon, they sync again. It isn't any effort once it's setup. Not even browsing to a webpage or entering a password. Yet here -> http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2008/05/01.html Joel couldn't be more scathing of file synchronisation, writing: "It's a way to synchronize files. Jeez, we've had that forever. When did the first sync web sites start coming out? 1999? There were a million versions. xdrive, mydrive, idrive, youdrive, wealldrive for ice cream. Nobody cared then and nobody cares now, because synchronizing files is just not a killer application. I'm sorry. It seems like it should be. But it's not." among other things. Has he changed his mind and now sees it as a killer app, or is it some anti-Microsoft/Ray Ozzie stereoype bias that doesn't apply to dropbox? Well you haven't really done that - your post says you are capable of everything. Business and tech and successful management and financial support. All strengths no weaknesses? You reject Craigslist for being not technical enough, yet the most detail you give is "I have an idea"? Are you looking to compute spaceshuttle flightpaths using CUDA, make "a web daytybasey" or write a portaloo rental scheduler for SAP? Someone who shares the same values? What values? Running a company then leaving it? Posting a vague post and when criticized and asked for more details, telling people to stop whining, then making insinuating comments about them? Complaining about being given a hard time when faced with a dozen paragraphs of text on the internet? This is the internet, you talk people listen. Spend time and effort listening. Hundreds or thousands of people, minutes each. Person hours wasted. Consider the ice pre-broken. It might be a bit late now, but giving lots more details is about the only way you could salvage this thread, IMO. If they are saving premature babies, then say that. Isn't that a good enough cause on its own? I object to dressing it up as saving the world, though, because population growth and world saving ... well, they don't go together too well. Nice wax warmer idea, though. Recently, there was a link to a new invention by the T9 predictive text guy with a flashy shiny predictive touch screen keyboard. Apple should jump all over that. Right now. It's so obviously a brilliant idea that they should put the finishing touches to the decent iphone bluetooth stack that they undoubtedly aren't working on and do that next. New safari? Who gives a cartoon expletive stlye %&$!*@? What more does mobile safari need except the ability to load pages in the background? It needs better text input, that's what. New! Shiny! But not new Safari, that's neither new enough nor shiny enough. (Just quietly shove the spidermonkey javascript engine in while you're doing an update, though ;)) "To roam Flickr is to wander through crooked teeth, local politics, nesting osprey, birth, spaghetti, divorce and every other aspect of existence." And wonderfully interesting it is, too. I've spent ages, on and off, refreshing http://www.flickr.com/photos just watching the world go by. Note also http://www.flickrvision.com/ is also quite good for watching the world go by, in a slightly different way. Why must something be done? I don't understand. Surely if all the banks failed that would be a great opportunity for people to start new banks with extra incentive to prove their honesty and trustworthiness, for instance. It can't be the case that banks will collapse and everyone goes "Oh shit money is now worthless, I'm shutting down my business, firing everyone and going to find a soup kitchen". Can it? Really? Why is it silly to make conjouring money out of nowhere illegal? If there is only $100 in the world, and a bank gives it to you and you pay it back with interest, where does the interest come from? If there's $100 in the world, and a bank "gives $100" to 10 people, who all have to pay back $100 + interest, where does that come from? You have to borrow it from another bank. Total money in the world increases, the economy grows, but it's a con, a mirage, a convenient consensual fiction. A system based on eternal growth, which relies on pushing around ever increasing debt for its very existence, where repaying the total debt would require giving the banks back all the money they ever loaned plus all the stuff in the world to the value of the conjured extra. How is this not silly? That rug really ties the room together. What's wrong with having the company charge you (and all users) enough to make their service profitable, and having a contract between you that they wont erase your data without sending you a copy first? Keeping your personal data on a free account might be a bit of a crapshoot, but keeping your company data on a paid for service account shouldn't be. It doesn't still exist - it never existed in the first place. If there's only one bank in the world, how can it have less in its vault than the sum of the depositor's accounts, if it isn't lending the difference out of nothing? Have people been depositing forged cheques? At the core of my problem is the Hacker News philosophy that a spirited go-getter can create value for people out of nothing. Yet the oft mentioned depression of the early 1900s showed people queueing for handout foods. Farmers would still work because people still need to eat. People would still trade with farmers because they need to eat and farmers need work doing. People would trade with builders and mechanics and plumbers and cooks and delivery people and oil companies because they want things that those people have, and in exchange they have skills that other people want. This is business, this is life, has been for hundreds of years. So how can that also coexist with unemployed people relying on handouts? What went missing to turn the ongoing network of trades into a fallen pile of cards? Why are some economies sparkling and growing and others filled with peasants eeking a miserable existance? Is credit somehow the missing link I'm not getting? If so, why doesn't printing more money fix Zimbabwe? If it's not credit, what else can vanish? America isn't suddenly out of education, is it? Is it trust? Is there really any kind of meaningful answer to this that doesn't involve pointing at the whole world and saying "that, that's it. Everything that is, that's the answer"? You have the choice - Stallman is just encouraging you to chose the bunch of admin work that you don't want, arguing that the freedom is worth more than the admin work costs. 'Respectable business people of note' have just overcooked the world economy and driven it up the embankment, through the hedge and are currently rolling it ass-over-teakettle through the nearest field, hoping desperately that someone built some bloody airbags into it somewhere. Anyway, if people want transparency/privacy enough to pay for it then 'theoretical leftist concerns' will suddenly become noteworthy and start appearing. As they already do with online ordering and banking and virtual private networks and so on. I see; Thank you for your thoughts. If this is the September CTP rather than, say, a v1.0 release, then it's not really an unveiling - there have been previous CTPs for months / year(s). I thought my download/install/say oooh/delete was cursory, but whoo, he really does kick the tyres, doesn't he? "One of the first things I noticed is the use of the let keyword to assign variables" No no no! They're not variables because they don't vary ! (and the shell doesn't work without compilation, it does on-the-fly compilation - or it wouldn't work. And you don't need to wait to find out about it's efficiency, it's been benchmarked loads, it runs on the .Net VM taking advantage of all that it provides. Pattern matching lends itself to data analysis? How vague and useless is that claim? And you don't need to force it on a client, it's a .net language , hello? It runs on the .net framework ! "The previous sample demonstrates output via the printfn function" hello redundant commenting that tells you exactly what the code tells you! Gah!) ;_; Why is your AuthDomain "gmail.com"? Whence "Windows Silver Lining"? Also, the FAQ sliding is slightly out of alignment in Safari (the text is too far left and out of sight, and more text is visible to the right) The chemical company's situation is different - the people who care about an attack (nearby people) and the people acting on the reputation (customers) are different, so there is incentive for the nearby people to pay towards their own protection. The attack is rare and unlikely so sympathy is high as long as the company is putting "reasonable" measures in place. Cloud data theft - the people who care about the attack (customers) are the same people acting on the reputation, so the reputation hit matters more. Such attacks are common and predictable, so sympathy will be lower. People nearby aren't involved so there is no incentive for anyone else to pay to protect your data. Knock on economic effect is spread much more widely over more systems and so is less intense and more difficult to gague, and you'd be taking time off work and using your weekends to sort it out so it would have less impact. So the cloud company has incentive to spend more on security than you might think, if they judge the reputation boost will help future earnings enough. It may do so where it may not for the chemical company. That rather depends on your definition of portable - I mean, even if they included win98, you'd still likely be stuck with Python 1.5 for Windows CE 1, and no Python for many systems. That it works on several of the most common, different, platforms in use today, I vote that counts as "portable" - reasonably so. Another way of looking at it is not how many Win98 systems are there, but that there is (presumably) nobody willing to jump in and argue and offer to support Python 2.6 on Win98 - so how in demand can it be? To some extent they are already in the cloud - they offer hosted services, Windows Live file hosting, hotmail, CRM Live; they have lots of hosted files so they must deal with CDNs. So, why don't they avoid Amazon and do "hosted Windows servers" themselves? "Microsoft is not expected to have a major update to its core operating system ahead of Windows Mobile 7. However, other improvements are expected to debut sooner, most notably an improved browser that brings the rendering engine of Internet Explorer 6 onto Windows Mobile. That update, still expected this year" The IE6 rendering engine returns? Nooooo! and crucially, in a way that is currently of little but growing significance, such information will never go away or shrink . The original c2 link seems to conflate several concepts, and come off worse because of it. - working despite being sick - working despite being temporarily bored or disinterested - working despite being unmotivated long term on the job/project - working sub-optimally despite being able to identify ways you could work better and be happier (win-win changes), but changes which you are not allowed to make. I wish some of those people posting about how great their code and employers are were writing the sort of software I get to use on a daily basis. :/ They should be obliged to disclose anything about the business. And obliged to keep private anything about any employee's health (or finances, or other private/personal concerns). Privacy is the only rationale I need. Steve Jobs is a person, entitled to be happy, suffer, live in private. Yes it makes things less predictable for you, but you have shares in the company, not the CEO, so ... tough. The UK government has a history of being: Rubbish at implementing IT projects on-time, in budget and to specification. (2 billion GBP+ in failed IT projects in the past 8 years: http://news.cnet.com/8301-13505_3-9840497-16.html ) Rubbish at keeping personal data secure. (see: lots of poorly handled data stories recently) Rubbish at not "misusing" legislation. (Last week they used anti-terror legislation to freeze the assets of Icelandic companies in the UK when their banking troubles were announced.) Geoff Hoon(?), on Question time earlier, said he was prepared to go "quite a long way, actually" into civil liberties if it meant preventing terrorism, as "the most basic right is the right not to be killed by a terrorist". I can see why, if you believe that, more government data collection seems like a good plan. What I can't really see is how you can believe that without having your scaremongering-detection sense going at full volume. PG's killer point is that the success of your startup depends on whether you can make it a success more than any other factor. More than your technical skills, more than the economy, more than your education, more than other people's belief in you, it's your determination to overcome that makes it. To learn what you don't know, to break down difficult obstacles and go around impassable ones, to raise investment where there was none, to build confidence where there was fear, to adjust to new conditions when existing ones change, to think of any other breakfast cereal motivational slogans that you can, eat Frosties and win. It's really amazing how almost any problem domain will have interesting edge cases in random areas that careful people have found and dedicated lots of effort to, yet you can still look at two superficially similar yet differently priced items in an unfamiliar space and think there can't be much between them. I was talking to a shotgun owner recently, and his more expensive shotgun has an extra mechanism in the safety - where more basic guns stop you pulling the trigger, this one also blocks the hammer from striking so it wont fire if dropped or jolted. Not something I'd think to look for, but the sort of thing that's nice to know exists. I think there might be a bit of QWAN about it as well - where some careful craftspersons have taken extra care over details you haven't specifically thought of, you can tell the item is better but you can't tell for sure whether it's the choice of material, fit-and-finish, the lack of an annoyance from a previous version, the luck of the draw, or possibly just your imagination. It's also slightly offputting - to know that whatever you want to create or learn, there's a massive proverbial undersea iceberg waiting for you. (Edit: I wonder what proportion of sentences in HN comments begin with either "I" or "It's"?) Five thousand children per day shitting themselves to death around the world scares me without needing to put it next to any other sentence. :( It will be a bit late by then; what real-world government is ever going to voluntarily undo a power grab by a previous government? I found it interesting that he pointed out workstations and "PC and Macintosh", then directed NeXT into a new market. The same market that Apple went for after they bought NeXT. Was it Steve Job's influence on Apple to push them to do it, or were they after that market first and bought NeXT because they were a good way into the market? "Researchers" are always doing unlikely sounding fun things. It's like the "Doctors recommend X" or "scientists {anything}" sentences which are mostly indicators of poor content, but "Researchers do/create XYZ" is often a good indicator. I found http://wh.at is available, to register from GoDaddy - that says it's an invalid domain name. :( "Ydnar is in 'America' but not in 'Spam' - what is ydnar?" Agreed. What you see is what you get is a lie of omission. What you don't see is the horrible HTML generated behind the scenes cough Sharepoint WYSIWYG editor cough . I still do the mouse-keyboard dance because switching windows, and switching input fields within windows, in the Windows OS is so awkward (or sometimes impossible) with a keyboard. Maybe Windows 7 needs iswitchb mode or something. So, The Editing Problem exists in the context of an entire OS not just a single window, but on top of that it's not just about moving the cursor and changing the text - text editing can be improved when the program has the ability to work with the text on a higher level, e.g. changing the serial number in a zone file instead of changing line 3 chars 10-20. Emacs is more suited to this style of work because of its built-from-its-own-scripting-language spaghetti nature. Which brings me to my last point - the biggest problem with text editing is all those stupid, different , difficult to parse, non-lisp file formats that Linux is littered with! Grr! And XML! Grr^2! ;) Never heard of you before. I checked your bio on Wikipedia and you don't have one. Sounds pretty ridiculous to me. Very hard for me to believe you're even a real person. Casting aspersions on his character? Why? It's very hard for me to believe people can know enough to earn a Nobel Prize for Physics, but they do. See: http://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2005/12/rules-are-no-obstac... for how he did it. The Law(?) of Accelerating Returns implies it will be enormously much harder to predict from now to 2100 than it was from 1900 to 2000. (Or that a linear prediction will be enormously much less accurate). "we won't experience 100 years of progress in the 21st century -- it will be more like 20,000 years of progress (at today's rate)" - http://www.kurzweilai.net/articles/art0134.html?printable=1 I find it a pain in the butt, but I have no better ideas. Well, I have, but they rely on more than I can code and I can't see myself convincing others of their value. I think there could do with being a much better instant messenger for small businesses - something like a cross between a wiki with a desktop client, an instant messenger, a voice messenger, a tasklist, and that program that lets several people edit a document at the same time. A sort of project management app that is nothing at all like Microsoft Project. A kind of virtual desk that you can all jot notes on and is fast and responsive. With a nice interface it could be a kind of intray/outbox/message passing/task management/project management system. As you can see, it's not very well developed idea, but the pains it would address: - Email is crummy for keeping multiple people on track. Lots of redundant forwards, tendency to large trails of messages - Instant Messangers are fiddly to open, find someone, open a conversation, type, wait, annoying to the other person to be interrupted. - Wikis are useful but using them in a web browser and with several people working on it, they're clunky and sluggish. - There's no good way of asking questions and getting answers in a central way. e.g. I email Alice and ask for details of X, her reply is in my inbox, Alice emails Bob and his reply is in her inbox, Alice forwards to Eve who forwards to me, my reply is in Eve's mailbox, she forwards with comments to Alice... If that could be centralised, a central per-project question repository... It could be so much better . Compare a recent car with one from 10 years ago, they seem nicer for the same money. Computers are, obviously, better - more transistors in CPUs, much more cache, much bigger harddrives, cheaper memory. Digital cameras are way better, not only higher megapixel sensors and larger, cheaper storage cards, larger LCDs but also more realtime processing than before with face-detection, Sony's smile-detection, and they're around the same price. Broadband in the UK has gone from being a new choice for the leading edge, to being commonplace, to flattening out the choices so 8Mb is the standard, to ADSL2+ being available at the larger exchanges outside London. Popular screen technology for computers and TVs has almost entirely switched to LCDs when it was CRTs for everybody 10 years ago. The first iPod I bought was a 3rd generation 40Gb model. It would have been in 2003 or so, now I have one that's cheaper, lighter, smaller, faster, nicer screen, longer battery life, which is also a video player, phone, emailer and has 3d acceleration hardware. What about the new Macbook's unibody construction? They couldn't mill cases out of solid aluminium in large quantities without CNC machines. They have been around for years, but presumably it's only a small number of years that it's been precise/cheap/available enough for Apple to use it profitably. I took a few laptops apart around 2000, there were lots of parts, widely spread out. Check the disassembly of the new Macbook - the mainboard is tiny. It's almost certainly largely built by very precise robots and designed with the help of a lot of computing power. USB has gone from being a bit of a joke (in 2000 I had a USB Zip 100 drive) to being the file transfer and peripheral connection medium of choice with multi-Gb sticks for sale anywhere and everywhere. Could you have bought a roomba in 2000 to sweep your floors for you? Or a friendly robotics Robomow? Or a games console with built in, low hassle, online ability? Or a BluRay player and a HD TV? OK, my life as a day-to-day event is different because I work with and on computers using the internet, and that's where I can see the changes, but on a day to day basis it's much the same, the same sort of transport, food, books, consumables, etc. Although I could now (had I the money) buy a car which would pre-arm the brakes if I was too close to the car in front so they will apply quicker, parallel park for me, alert me if there's someone in the blind spots, silence the carphone incoming calls when cornering hard as it would be too distracting to ring then. None of these things were around 10 years ago. Nothing seems much different, but then most of my life is spent wearing woven thread, sitting on wood or plasticfoamy chairs, eating plants and being around brick buildings. At that level, how much change do you expect? My skill at predictions is better. He tried to predict, I didn't. ;) Meat brains aren't subject to the law (yet). We don't change ourselves so we don't get a growing return on our own improvements. I ought to have the same skill at predictions (environment, nutrition, education, age, culture, upbringing, effort, normal human variations in ability and the quirk of ever increasing IQ levels notwithstanding). That's kind of true - yet you could with a powerful PC of today leave Vista's voice recognition running all the time, almost dedicating a core to it, if you will. You couldn't previously as it was too demanding. I can leave many browser windows open because the overhead of many windows of interpreted javascript is minimal. You can use expose and similar as if they were free because the OS can offload to a beefy video processor. I run a Windows Server on my Mac laptop in a virtual machine barely thinking twice at what a marvel it is, at work we run 8 virtual servers on a physical box that takes up a quarter of the space of our 6 year old server. People in general might do the same things, but that's not because the hardware can only do the same things. I notice I am jumping overly to his defense when I have no reason to other than that I like his writings. "What's up with the assumption these days that everything done in our work is supposed to be fun? It's work. " That's ridiculously self referential. It's not fun because it's something which is defined to exclude fun? It's not "work", it's "creating value" and there's no rule about creating value requiring laborious, menial, maddening, un-interesting work. Particularly not IT/knowledge/computer-based work. I don't assume it should be fun, I demand it should be fun. (Well, I don't, but someone else should on my behalf ;) (Also, I know there must be troughs, it can't be peaks all the time. I'm just in the middle of some frustrating, dull, un-interesting work too) The article says they found a striking correlation - I wonder how one gets to be one of the outlying data points (on the good side)? What's the betting it can be affected with dietary changes? I don't know about Kubuntu but I wish linux had something like Microsoft Update. apt-get and yum are a bit too "no, it's your decision, do you want to update libobscure-2.4.6.so and risk breaking everything?" They may have millions of users, but with Google's searching, you can never be lost in the crowd, er cloud again. Productivity is winding its way higher and higher up the meaningless words list, soon to join "natural", "selected" and "actually". In fact, I may propose a pseudo-Victorian movement for Natural Productivity. Motto yet to be determined, actually, natch. I don't particularly have any use for snipd, but the idea of a bookmarklet which loads external javascript backed by a central site feels like it's full of potential. Having said this, Windows Update does find a new bloody error code every single time I run it and it never has a clue what the error code means. So, perhaps, something better than that. On the plus side, XP SP3 removes the option to have the IE address bar in the taskbar "for legal reasons" and the whole point of free software is to get away from that kind of junk. So maybe it's not all bad the apt-get your-hands-off-my-config-files way. In pictures ( e.g. http://tinyurl.com/6dnntv ) you seem far too rotundily enhanced to be one who practises caloric restriction, yet this seems a much more likely way to extend both your life and useful life than cryonics, which you heartily recommend. How come? (A quick search on this finds no writing of yours addressing this matter). (Not at all on topic, I know). It can do anything in the same way that any other Turing complete programming language can, but that's not really enough. As a shell, it's stuck in the same old Windows command line window that command prompt has always been, with all the problems that entails - no real resizing or decent mouse selection/copy and paste and so on. As a shell, you want terse and concise hacking, it should be optimised for finger friendliness and oneliners that you aren't going to come back to. Powershell is not. It's wordy and verbose, C# style. It makes things complex because it's not easy to find what you're looking for. Object piping might be nice, but not when you have to get all files and pipe them into a get-modified-date thing and pipe the date objects into a date-to-text object instead of ls -... As a programming language, it's seriously ugly. It could have been VBScript slid towards Python, instead it's C# slid towards Perl. See: http://blogs.msdn.com/powershell/archive/2008/10/18/emit-xml... from the official powershell blog from the main man behind powershell. $Ugh -*! See also this discussion from November last year: "What's MS thinking with Powershell?" at Arstechnica: http://episteme.arstechnica.com/eve/forums/a/tpc/f/12009443/... Not one person, the council's own in-house translation service. (OK, that could be one person, but the implication is that it is not). This is what happens when you don't have any sort of defined procedures, reviews, approval process, QA or sanity checks, or if you just ignore them. LeoCAD has been doing this for a number of years, if you want an alternative option: http://leocad.org/ Don't forget Cleese as well: http://www.larsen-b.com/Article/14.html Flickr, or almost any social network site - particularly with an Amazon style "real name" option - would be in a great position to geotemporally track names. As of Q4 2008, this is the worldwide distribution of Hugh's, and you can see that name changing in poularity around the world as you drag the visualisation back to Q1 2003... I'm surprised to read that Mr Freedom of Choice himself is in favour of computers that can't run Windows. (As if Microsoft wouldn't port Windows to MIPS if it became a large market oh wait Windows CE runs on MIPS devices and Windows NT 3.1 and Windows NT4 ran on MIPS (- wikipedia)). Extremists are rare? Changing your everyday life for your beliefs? Judging by the media that's quite common. Protest marches, animal testing lab attacks, anti-abortion marches, religious pilgrimages, cultish mass suicide so aliens can save you, contributing hours of work to open source software because you believe in it, charity/volunteer workers, the extra religious (nuns, monks, priests, rabbis, imams, and similar in every religion), people who started businesses because they believe in a product or lifestyle, people who blog to evangelise a lifestyle or dietary choice, bodybuilders and exercise fanatics, people who travel around the world to see one particular sports team play, people who travel to see The Sound of Music over and over again because they believe it's the best entertainment... The scale one gets me whenever think of it. Reading Clarke and imagining being in a spaceship in orbit around Jupiter and seeing it dominate the exterior view. Trying to imagine a ball of fire as big as the Sun. Seeing the solar giants in images like these: http://www.rense.com/general72/size.htm or videos like this: http://sciencehack.com/videos/view/_WEL117xXpw Antares is huge, lol. Well, not lol, more ... scared . Hubble Deep Field. It's awesome in the literal sense of awesome. Reality can't be wrong, only our understanding or modeling of it can be wrong. So a paradox is either: - our "intuitive" mental model of the world which says one thing can't become two of the same thing without using any more material, is wrong - the mathematical model that says you can do that, is wrong - the mathematical framework on which the model is built, is limited. In other words, while I can't follow the maths, I would have no problem believing the mathematical weirdness is self consistent because I don't believe it would have any rational link to the real world anyway. Thinking about it a bit more, that a mathematical model created by humans on a mathematical framework created by humans comes out with weird results sometimes - that fact is not even slightly weird or difficult to believe. That such a human model can be as accurate and precise as quantum mechanics is, now that's hard to believe! I don't see. It doesn't matter a jot when something "just opted out of concrete reality entirely", but it's also not especially interesting. Talking about pink elephants and how they can double in size may be internally consistent in a story, but it's not something that's "true but really difficult to believe in" anymore than "dividing by zero equals infinity" is difficult to believe in. If the fun is at the next level, perhaps that's where I ought to go... What's it like to use? Have you considered it a good buy or just a novelty? (What connectors does it come with?) Is there a good javascript cheatsheet anywhere? I only use it occasionally, and always get hit in the face by it not being Python. "Oh "if c in string" doesn't work? Iteration isn't nice? Strings can't trim their own whitespace? Hello, haven't you ever used Python?" It isn't until I write that I know it needs a rewrite. Perhaps I'm not smart enough to model accurately enough in my head, or perhaps not disciplined enough. I'd love to feel what it's like to think as someone else for a short while. What "thinking" means to other people. What when you release version 1.0 and then someone invents USB and your kernel needs to support it? Then someone invents a device that doesn't conform to the standards and you need to support it? What about the world where there is no spec for a finished version, merely different balances between effort, cost, value, marketability, usability, and so on... Dreams die. And on the other side, their technology works like nothing else. Windows hosts AD which talks to IIS and Exchange attributes are in AD and your file permissions are linked to AD user accounts and you can query it with LDAP which means your RADIUS devices can talk to it and your Certificate Server links with your domain, and your workstations access shared folders on the network which mirror files over WAN links using DFS which is AD integrated also, as is DNS which links with DHCP, machines are locked down by group policies which apply even on laptops, Exchange supports ActiveSync to Windows Mobile which has SQL Server Compact which can sync to SQL Server Express for your desktop and SQL Server for your main server which is monitored by MOM and running on HyperV and Virtual Server, and SQL Server Enterprise for your cluster, which has AD integrated permissions and is running on Windows Datacenter edition hosting a site on ASP.Net which serves to desktops using ClickOnce which builds into IE which is rolled out by WSUS which sits on Windows Internal Database which reports using SQL Server Reporting Services which is published in your Sharepoint site which handles your Excel spreadsheets with Excel Calculation Services along with your documentation which is all searchable through Search Server Express which is SQL Server backed and understands Windows file and website permissions, as do documents in Office when you use Office DRM to say who can change them and track versions and you can see if people are online when typing their names as they turn into smart tags which link with Office Live Communicator so you can IM people and SIP call them and email them which will be tracked in CRM using the plugin to Outlook which you're accessing as a published app from a terminal server connected by a windows integrated VPN through an AD integrated ISA server ... and the whole glorious lot is variously scriptable with COM, WMI, vbscript, VB for Applications, and plugins developed with Microsoft Visual Studio.Net and person-decades of documentation. One Microsoft Way is right enough. No other software ecosystem is anything like the same scale or as usefully well integrated, from a business POV. Linux on the desktop is almost laughable in how far from the Microsoft business reality it is. Every little annoyance, horrible error message or instability is worth putting up with because of the integration of ... everything. And it's so cheap, too. All it costs is your company's soul in proprietary data format hell. Forever. But look on the bright side - few people even realise their company has a data soul, and it's not like there's any choice . Well you're in luck, they're bringing the IE6 engine to Windows Mobile: http://news.cnet.com/8301-13860_3-10039152-56.html The "if you've done nothing wrong, you've nothing to hide" argument in another disguise. You're the one (as much as) arguing in favour of expending effort, adding code and complexity to restrict my root access, the burden is on you to justify doing so, not on me to refute it. It would cope brilliantly. Because PG gets that spam is a personal definition ( http://www.paulgraham.com/better.html - last two par's before notes). Running a spam filter at the level of a company, or several companies, will never work properly. Ours doesn't, despite running several popular anti-spam engines together. It's good compared to not running any filter, but it can't be tuned with enough granularity, and it doesn't learn . It's a combination of "crummy but available is good enough", failure to believe/see that it could be better, and Yudkowsky's "not holding ourselves to a high enough standard". GMail could do it, since they have access to not only all your mail, but also the possibility to identify "mail arriving at x many accounts system wide". You misreading it doesn't make it a misleading title. They are looking into "blocking of calls", not "blocking calls". Just because American-English has conditioned the world that "Off of" is the same as "Off" doesn't mean that "of" has no meaning. I don't know whether it's anticompetetive to block such calls, but it probably hinges on whether we take telephone to mean "a telephone (traditional)", "any device that looks and acts like a traditional telephone (e.g. USB skypephone)" or "any system that carries speech between some number of particular persons over some distance". Depending on which you choose, you get a different answer and interpretation. There was a local case recently where a ferry-bridge was classed as a bridge, because it's on a chain fixed between two points, and the local authority wanted it reclassified as a boat because it floats, so they could up the harbour taxes 40x. The counter argument was that it only floats between two points winching itself along a chain, what kind of useless "boat" is that? As I see it, it's clearly not a good fit for either definition, and thus the argument is completely pointless. This is similar - it's not at all a classic phonecall, so don't treat it like that. They're providing a data service and limiting the types of data that can be sent, that's what should be under investigation. It's a nontechnical restriction designed to bump up profits. Either limit the data rate or latency or max transfer allowance, or adjust your charges to be profitable with increased use, but stay out of what it's used for (legal concerns excepted). Or they could use an open standard protocol, as could Skype, which would be good for people who don't like vendor-locked-in proprietary technologies. (Which seems to be very few people, unfortunately. By the way, I spent some fun fun fun minutes today trying to recover my broken Outlook NK2 file. A proprietary secret format to store a list of email addresses with names? Hello?!) Considering it's the first (alpha) release of the first significant C program he's written which is for a new (and therefore little used) programming language, and the page of Converge tools has no mention of testing tools, and the page itself has error messages on it, the claim that it's "not riddled with bugs" seems a touch, erm, cheerful. From what breif comments I've read on Lisp's condition system, it sounds much better. Containing and isolating the error, as soon as possible, then passing information about the error higher up like an exception might propagate, until a level high enough to know the goal of the operation and what to do in case of errors, then passing a response back down, and being able to continue in a useful manner or tidy up gracefully. A great big codesplosion spraying you with a several hundred lines of stack trace and a "Your program has encountered an error an needs to close" is not "sensible behaviour". Summary: "Inferior so called 'designers' charge less than me and still get business. I hate that. They're spoiling everything." Then I've completely misinterpreted the article. Let me go back and reread it: The author hates the term freelancer because it's used by: 1) people who do work that isn't up to the author's standards (snobbery - it's obviously basically acceptable as people will pay for it, and there is no fixed line between "design" and "not") 2) People who charge little or nothing for their "work" (author doesn't want to identify with a group that has a low-cost low-quality image) 2) people who don't act like an expensive professional (whinge - they're not as good as the author, they are spoiling the image of "freelancers") 3) people who use software the author doesn't think much of use it (snobbery - what does it matter if they use a "common" publishing program?) 4) The above groups, doing low quality work for a low price in a messy fashion, are only wannabe's (unlike the author). I get the same feeling and summary at a second and third rereading. Summary: people are spoiling things for the author by doing worse work than him at unbeatably cheap prices. When I read this a few weeks ago, I was surprised by its simplicity and sense and obviousness . http://www.drbass.com/temptation.html Indeed it is the same core idea(s) driven at from the view of meditation, of positive thinking, or the "you see what you are looking for - think of 23, see 23 everywhere" experience. As such, I suppose HN and similar sites are about promoting the "think of opportunities, see opportunities" side, while all web forums talk about "not feeding the trolls". Or if you believe Vonderplanitz, many times people are craving fat as a building material and bodily lubricant, and instead drink water. Anyway, I claim urban myth on your post ( http://www.snopes.com/medical/myths/8glasses.asp ). Nah, it just means she's been collecting the garbage since the 70's. :/ Did anyone ask the inhabitants whether they agree to have their information stored in our computer systems under the terms of the Data Protection and Privacy laws? You only bought it when you decided it was an acceptable price to pay for what you were getting - what claim do you have that you were treated unfairly? You didn't have to pay. I want a supercar, but I don't have to pay the price for one. And I wonder about "an inflated price". All prices are "inflated" because all companies make profit. That's what companies do... Yes, I would like prices to come down and products to get better, and it is annoying (and perhaps illegal) when companies force that not to happen. But really, if they kept prices high, and people still bought their product ... why should we legally twist companies arms to force their prices down? Especially when there are other LCD manufacturers in the world who (presumably) couldn't introduce significant competition? OK, in a caring society we have government intervention in food and water supplies, heating subsidies and medicine. But government forced cheaper consumer electronics? What? You're in luck, there's a deep shelter tunnel complex under the heart of London, below the underground, up for sale right now, complete with generators, artesian well, room to sleep 8,000 people... http://www.agoravox.com/article.php3?id_article=8756 OK, so it's destructive to my ability to act more like a person and less like a monkey. But I don't want to "act more like a person", I want to escape reality. Zombies want brains, zombies eat brains. Zombies are probably quite happy, if only you could ask them without being eaten. To paraphrase Steve Yegge's latest: "This succinct yet completely accurate synopsis shows that all OS's have their attractions, and yet each also has a niche. You can choose an OS for the busy person, an OS for someone without much time, or an OS for the dedicated hobbyist, and you'll find that no matter which one you choose, it's missing some of the abilities you need." It's not evil so much as it is closed-mindedness, he says while characterising fans of open systems as "evil, smug, stupid" and favouring buggy and unstable software. POP3 is open. SMTP is open. IMAP is open. Microsoft make money from Exchange which deals with all three. C# is an open standard, Microsoft make money from it; it's high quality and reliable. Java is an open standard, Sun make money from licensing it, it's Enterprise class. RedHat is open source, RedHat Inc. make money from supporting it, it's used in Enterprises accross the world. Open, good quality, focused, reliable, profitable, they're not all the same thing. If Microsoft's "mistreatment" means they produce solidly reliable integrated systems such as their clusterable database server which integrates permissions with their directory service and supports hosting code written in their server/desktop/mobile/web programming language and framework and has its own reporting server which integrates with their web server which can also host code written in the same programming language and framework, the same language that's used to customise their collaboration portal and office application suite, then let them go ahead. Microsoft sacrifice quality for customisation? Hah. I dislike it because it's so high quality and uncustomisable. Means you can't do what you want with it, but the boss loves it. What was it Joel Spolsky said about programmers counting "It must work for 1. Oh, there's more than 1? Then it must work for any number ". ;) Would be killer if I could bring it in house, so we could discuss everyday work on it. (Yes, we could do that on public sites, but we're not going to, and neither are many of our customers). Gobby. Bubbling over with 1990's user friendliness: "There is a native Win32 build of sobby at [link]. There are no special Windows-specific features, but it runs. You will need glibmm, libxml++ (from the gtkmm installer), obby and net6 DLLs (from the Gobby installer or the gobby-win32 repos). There has been no extensive testing on the Win32 platform, so consider this as experimental." - March 2007, (latest) "There are 22 windows open in Safari, with a total of 43 tabs. Do you want to quit Safari anyway?" Er, no. Not just yet, thanks... Garage Door? Who needs Garage Band! "Hi, I'm you from the future. It's critically important that you visit $country ASAP. Heck, it's important enough that they sent me back through time to tell you! You! Here's some money, go to this place and speak to this person. Go on your own". Hopefully, convincing myself to go. The place isn't important, except that it's more than a day's travel, and the person would be some generic description who's likely to be there, and the cash wouldn't be enough to get back. Or maybe the place and person would be someone interesting who I'm yet to hear of. Not sure. The experience, maybe it would be enough of a kick to change my life for the better. I needed it. (I still need it). That you can remember how to do something is not an argument for that being the best way to do said something, or even a good way to do it. The only good arguments for not making things simpler are "they cannot be any simpler", closely followed by "the tradeoffs aren't worth the effort/cost". Why not simplify everything, where possible? It's not about dumbing down, it's about being able to do more in total because each step is easier. Or perhaps the things that don't involve initial head smacking don't come to mind when you think of things "worth knowing". If everything you know was learned at some point, did you have an initial period of head smacking for everything you know ? The solution is "just get started"? Well ok, that sounds easy enough. I'l just tidy my coat out of the way and grab a coffee first... Use of the term "the singularity", particularly your use here sets my teeth on edge. It's not about technology, it is about our models. The North Pole is a singularity - coordinates converge there to become a single point (singular). They only do this because we chose a coordinate system that makes this happen. It is silly to talk about how you coils go there and then not be able to go any further north, as if that means it is the edge of the world. Likewise "the singularity" is not a magical threshold of AI and immortality or transhumanism, it's where a given model of the future predicts nonsense because you have pushed it too far. Pick a different predictive model, get different results. To claim, then, that the singularity may never happen is to claim either that change with feedback will stop, or a perfect model. Better to claim that AI or genetically enhanced people, or neural prostheses, or smart matter, or superconductivity, or antigerones, or quantum computing, or virtual reality or whatever game changing technology won't happen - if that's what you mean. (I for one think good PDA keyboards will never happen. :( hurry up Gunilla Alsio and senseboard, and that new t9 thing) predicipate.com With unicode domain names, you could have preticipation?.com, although it may look a mess in non-Firefox browsers. There is; jailbreak it, and install "Python" from Cydia. "They paved paradise.com; put up a parking page" :( The delay is between when it's first claimed finished by the author(s) and when it's agreed to be ready by everyone involved. After that it can be deployed instantly... I guess it would be possible to note in a bug tracking app "we would have deployed here" and then see how many, and what kind of bugs were found between then and actual deployment, which checks found them, and whether any of those were rollback-causers. That would give an estimate of how much good the checks did in each case, and a way to choose which checks are ineffective for their cost. (Ish - some checks may only trigger once, ever, to be priceless). Their higher up position gives them [the potential for] a better view. This article does miss out quite a lot of Google information gathering sites (Hosted gmail for business use, default search on the iphone, maps+GPS on the iphone, Picasa, youtube, ...), many are mentioned in the comments. Still, it's not so much that I think Google is doing evil right now, but the more they gather, the more potential they have to do bad things with it. And since they're pushing into unprecedented data gathering, it's not limited to "bad things that have happened before that I can enumerate specifically", either. Who can predict what pessimistic delights lie in wait over the next decade? And the more they gather, the more of a target they become for crackers, internal leaks, legistlation, and the more room there is for plain old mistakes. Maybe they really don't want to do evil, but on their way from virtue to virtue, some quantity of people will be barged out of the way, trampled upon and mistreated, just because Goog are huge. Also consider that if you regularly use Google maps for directions, then you will tend to do home->place or work->place, focusing in on your main locations. If you search Google for names, then the chances are you're looking for friends/relatives, or famous people. Google can tell famous people, because other people are searching for them. Sounds like he wants a dressing gown, or maybe a slanket. The Left Foot Company have been doing a similar thing with shoes for a number of years, you get your feet scanned in one of their shops, and then choose styles on the website and they are made to fit your feet, robotically. Except, they got to try them. ( https://shop.leftfootcompany.com/2007/Process.aspx ) I don't know why it's impractical for an etailer to be an etailor, but I guess the current system of basing clothes sizes on a couple of measurements which vary between brands and styles would have to become much more specific before it would work well. I don't think the universe needs a me-shaped dent. (Maybe a dentarthurdent, though) I think it was Frank Tipler who wanted [[trans]humankind] to do an infinite amount of computation before the end of the universe - he might have limited that to a big-crunch scenerio though. If you have to "reinvent the language and the community", how does that count as Perl 5 surviving? I can't believe it's not vaporware. I can't believe they've ruined years of boasting about how hello world is as simple as "print 'hello world'" by making print a function . :( "Also note that as of Python 2.6, the functionality of turtle has been greatly enhanced." One of Steve Yegge's old rants includes the suggestion that some of his favourite systems are those that have both extensible-while-running and doesn't-crash - one being emacs. Uptimes of up to a year aren't totally wrong - having to shut down and close everything to manually work around some memory leaks and gradual flakiness or to guard against crashes isn't a great or desirable feature, even if it is extremely common. Previously: 5 keypresses, Now: 9 keypresses Previously: 2 characters that aren't directly relevant to what you want to do (print text, the quotes), Now: 4 (quotes and parens). Previously: No shifted characters, Now: 2 shifted characters Previously: Inconsistent behaviour, right in the core of the language where you are most likely to benefit from minor savings and least likely to forget about it. Now: Consistent behaviour at the expense of extra typing, visual clutter and, for experienced users, the hassle of changing. Previously: Python loved for its interactive interpreter, only really possible because Python is concise enough to use in a throw-away fashion. Yes it's different, the question is, is it an improvement, and is it significant enough to be worth it? The question is, given all the changes to unicode and classes and iterators and final removing of the int/long split which are all going to play out over big programs and many days/months, why not pick on the color of the bike shed 'issue', extrapolate it over the whole of Py3k and make out of proportion complaints? Er, wait... I once argued that upgrading ASAP was the Pythonic thing to do. I forget the numerous compelling reasons I had come up with, but that was long before I had to face "shall I move this stable code to the new version, for no major benefit and limitless potential problems?" I haven't moved it and it's still working (of course!). Where the article suggests it should be like: >>> help Type help() for interactive help [..]. This sort of (dis)functionality really gets on my nerves. Whenever I hit a 'nix program that does this: $somecmd -h Error. Use --help for help. $somecmd --help {help text} or, in MacOS when I press CMD-C in the terminal instead of CTRL-C and it just beeps at me, but does nothing... Why don't you Just DWIM ? Grr. As it stands, help isn't a string - if it was then typing help() would tell you that strings aren't callable. It's a So as well as printing that message, it could go into interactive help mode. Since you're only going to want that at the console it could only happen at the console, and since you typed "help" you probably want "help", that would be ... helpful. The real problem with DWIM is that nobody else has the same WIM. (But that's not my problem, because it's all of you who are wrong. ;) Does it unnerve anybody else that there are "Linus or nobody" sections of code, when GNU/Linux is often linked with the "open source / many eyes" security defense? Dear all HN: :) Regards, JB. But if nobody ever cleans up, you end up with a horrible place to be. Then how can you claim that passive income doesn't exist, when it clearly does? No it isn't - you just define "out there" as being imaginary! ;) I was trying to do that by saving locally, but FireFox refuses to allow getImageData on an image loaded from the filesystem by a web page loaded from the filesystem, with an NS_ERROR_DOM_SECURITY_ERR Anyway, I will now try with your set-your-own-image version. From the description, your algorithm sounds like it would hit this case very quickly: A polygon overlaps another polygon and improves fitness by N. It gets mutated and fitness goes down, so that is not kept. The polygon stays in a local maxima position, when one mutation lowering fitness might allow much better fitness in future. Yet the images look like that doesn't happen - have you deliberately avoided it, or isn't it a problem in practise? There's still a consideration of how much disfavour and future problems it may bring. Yes, but it's hit and miss. Sometimes it counts but does nothing sometimes I can see the shapes flickering, but it never picks any as "best", and sometimes it looks like it's still working on the mona lisa or on a different size canvas. None that I've found on Flickr have worked. I googled for "200x200" and found the Firefox logo in that size, and it's evolving that... fitness has just crossed under 1,000,000 after about 15 minutes, but it isn't recognisable yet... I'm bothered about things being open because I prefer the idea of a future where improvements can be built upon all previous knowledge, rather than a future where everybody has to start from scratch implementing their own basic proprietary versions of everything. Another half hour, and it's just above 900,000 after 43,000 steps - it still looks nothing like the FF logo though. That is, it looks nothing like it. It has, for example, no dark blue, orange, yellow or white - and only a smidgen of pale blue in completely the wrong place. The whole square is shades of hessian brown/pale green/caucasian artificial limb with a blotch of pink. Terminal is nice, spaces is nice, expose is great. Having an OS that can suspend/resume is really nice. But it's just not Windows. My favourite apps aren't here, I don't know my way around the filesystem, all the Windows-specific tools I know are meaningless. When I stray too far outside Safari, it's pretty bleak. Ever since I read the story of writing a backdoor in the unix login prompt, then writing that change into the compiler so the login prompt code looks clean, then writing that change into the running compiler, so the compiler code looks clean, but the running compiler will backdoor itself or the login prompt, I've had the feeling that the best bet is not to trust as far as possible and not to worry as far as possible. Smart people will always be able to outsmart me, stupid people with power or desirables will always be able to coerce me into lowering my standards. What if you don't want your every photo sent to evernote? I guess the eye-fi has no customisation without a PC, so you'd probably need to keep switching SD cards. Ugh. Don't forget that for tens of thousands of years, all Man had to do to stay alive was whatever it took to stay alive. He never had to write a TPS report on his fishing trip or sell overpriced shares in manioc root or feel guilty because he wasn't completing his TODO list each day. I don't see why it need be "much less comfort". The sun is incredibly powerful and our current lifestyles ever so wasteful, especially if you factor in some not-quite-there-but-nearly future tech such as LED lights, ebook readers, usefully cheap solar panels, video-on-demand, music downloads, etc. What do you mean "secure"? Secure between (you, Google) and (World), perhaps, but I'm not sure that's quite the same thing. How is cryogenics any different than paying for expensive life saving surgery for someone who can't afford it? (You're paying for expensive life saving surgery for yourself). Even in the super advanced future, presumably a complex procedure like reconstructing a human brain won't exactly be a cheap one. So wait another thousand years. You're undead, you wont notice. If it ever becomes possible, it will one day become cheap. Is the future such a utopia that [x,y,z] It might be. Why not stick around to find out? Why not help make it be such a place? The part that really strikes me as idealistic Oh no, someone being idealistic! Not to mention the fact that it is the very finiteness of life that makes it valuable in the first place. Well you'll probably die in the heat death of the universe or the big crunch, so whatever you do life is finite and therefore valuable. I disagree that its finiteness makes it valuable, however. Life isn't a market commodity where scarcity increases value, it's a personal one-off once-in-a-lifetime offer. We do know what the mind physically is - it's somewhere less than all the components of a person. It may be non-physical in the sense that it's a pattern of information, but patterns can be represented electronically ... are you suggesting it's supernatural? no reason to believe the consciousness "sticks around" waiting to reawaken in that corpse. Yes there is - I sleep each night and wake each day. I don't think consciousness exists separately, I think it's an emergent phenomenon. Note to Eliezer, that means I think it is a complex side effect of a multitude of electrobiochemical processes, not that I think it's magical. If my body is kept without decay and said processes can be restarted, then they will process information starting with existing patterns (what's in memory) and new input from senses and there, but for the fact that this is fictional, I am. Cogito, ergo sum. Reasons why cryonics is dumb: Life is suffering (Buddha, n B.C.) Death is void. Nothing > suffering. But there's a wall of pain/fear/effort/risk with suicide that keeps people inside life. Once you're dead, you're forced past the wall and it's a simple choice: more suffering or no suffering? Immortality by not dieing isn't quite the same option - avoiding old age suffering or going to old age suffering? Easy, being alive and rejuvenated wins. However, when a person is dead, the general consensus seems to be that the consciousness has left the body That's a silly consensus. Of all the billions of people who have ever lived, there's no evidence of anything leaving, or anywhere for it to go, or any reasonable sounding conjectures of what it might be made of or how it is powered or how it interacts with living brainmatter during life or any reasonable sounding suggestions for what happens in the event that the body dies with advanced alzheimers or as a foetus or in the fires of a nuclear bomb detonation or trapped in an inescapable airtight diving bell... If the materialist explanation of consciousness is correct, then it's plausible that "someone" will awaken when your body is resurrected and will have your memories, but it won't be you, because you won't exist to be experiencing it. Of course it will be "me". If the materialist explanation is correct there isn't anyone else it could be or any way for it to be anyone else or any separate "me" that could not exist to experience it. But it isn't quite right to say it will be me . Rather, I will be it . I wont waken when my body is resurrected, when my body is thawed and jump started, the processes that are me will be running again. An animated body is a thinking body and this particular body is me. I am not a thing that exists separately from my neurological processes, "I" am the result of the neurological processes. Beg your pardon, I started quoting with quotes, but didn't think it was clear enough, so tried this not thinking of the scrolling. Will use italics in future ( or avoid quoting ). Grow my hair long (again) and get someone good to make it look stylish and neat. Buy some nice clothes, such that I don't have to worry about not having any sense of clothes. No office dress code, woohoo. Do some startup funding on useful wearable keyboards, better software for small helpdesks/teams (I have plenty of ideas), better software/user interfaces for virtual desktops, but with grouped applications by user task. Inject self replicating nanobots under all of Africa, acting as a synthetic water table, pumping, purifying, filtering seawater from the coast and bringing it inland, then piping it up to the surface. Secretly hire a contracting company to rip out the traffic lights at a nearby road island and replace them with my new design. Keep stats and, when convincing enough, announce the change to all and pressure to get all traffic lights in the country moved over. Bring some ultra-fantastic business internet access to this area for a reasonable cost, spam the town with wifi and build a couple of good datacenters around, buy various shop facilities around the town and surreptitiously start selling the right kinds of interesting things, buy a couple of central indoor spaces and run barcamp/unconvention/XYZcons regularly. Try to seed and cultivate a high tech, hacker friendly yet quirky and personal friendly cafe style environment around here. Or maybe in another country with better weather. Or maybe both. Daydream, in other words, while feeling awkward, guilty and undeserving. The Mhz==Performance state of affairs really ended(+) around the time Intel first hit 3Ghz with the classic P4. (+)Not that it was ever really true, but it was an accurate enough measure for most normal people talking about x86 processors for a few years. With the glaring exception of the Celeron - same speed, yet cheaper and less performant. And the comments show why I wouldn't base a decision purely on this chart. Not covered on the chart, but apparently also variable: audio in, power management/fans, OS update success, two finger scrolling... This title is annoying - who thinks the amount you spent on development should have any bearing at all on whether Apple approve your app? Not me, anyway. $500k shouldn't guarantee you an approval. This is going to happen. Not yet, because the benefits don't outweigh the dorkiness (and complexity). Don't think of it as in the link you posted - the 320x200 camera as seen in "True Lies", think of it as in Vernor Vinge's Rainbow's End or Stross's Manfred Max-with-the-silly-spelling. When it can look like an ordinary pair of glasses (or contacts), when it can process high resolution video on the fly and overlay onto it, when the supporting systems aren't a backpack full of hobbyist wire-tangle, when you can plug it into your iPhone and watch a film on it instead of using one of those portable DVD players, then they'll start turning up more and more. Like head-up on-windscreen displays are appearing in high end cars now. One big downside would be the continual sending of your current location to a central server asking for local data. Location based services - only when I choose to switch them on for now, thanks. I have no sorrow for land squatters. You have land being created by the universe at no charge. Just because you got to the country a hundred years before anyone else, now you think you can claim all the land you roped off and all the useful mineral content of that land? Sorry, but that just earns a big f*ck you from me. Not enough companies make "just" toys for hackers. And where/how does one get purpose? So surely everybody should be good at "thinking", since everyone who has been alive long enough has been "thinking" for 10,000 hours... I find it a bit miserable though - how can you head into something knowing that it will take a decade of focused practise to be good at it? It's a bit intimidating, and limiting - how many decades do you have left? Wouldn't want to waste them on something not worth it, eh? Toyota has a parent company? "It's turtles, er, Toyotas all the way up" I think it would end up like this Monty Python Silly Job Interview Sketch: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP0sqRMzkwo Not something I want to see when it's me/my life on the line, really. Take it seriously and talk sense, please. If it really was proof , you would cancel your exam. Would that be the same feelings I'm experiencing? Namely a conviction that now all the easy-money one-offs have been done and this time there can't be any left? Linux links like this have a kind of "how to wrap yellow Christmas wrapping paper on a non-corrugated cardboard box of less than 50 cubic cm between Dec 18th and 21st" character. Why not any recent version of squid on any recent Linux to do anything squid can do? On the offchance that I need to do exactly this, I hope I can remember that such a guide exists and which squid/Linux/goal it applies to... Macbook Lighter-than-Air? A 7" screen is too big to be an iPod, so it would have to be focused around films and apps. Yet a 7" device is pretty big to be a device with an accelerometer and no D-pad and be used as a game controller, but not very big to watch films on. And it would be limited as a general netbook competitor by having no keyboard and running the limited iphone-ipod-OS. Can they make a touchscreen so much bigger and still as good? Would it be netbook style Intel Atom based and expensive with short battery life and much thicker than the current ipod touch, or the same very low powered phone/pda processor currently used? Could they make it structurally strong if it is as thin as the iPod touch yet much bigger? I can't see it filling any particular niche given that it would be too big to be pocketable, too limited to be a macbook air competitor and likely not cheap enough to stand far away from the iPhone/iPod touch/macbook. Who would want one and what would they want to do with it? Why would it be sweet? What do all you people who want tablet computers want them for? I completely see that laptops with digitizer screens that can be turned into tablet form factor are enhanced laptops. Laptops+. Laptops 2.0. Yet they haven't really taken off, and nobody (except me) seems to think they're cool. Instead people (you included) want Eric-the-half-a-laptop. Why? I also use the iPhone for web browsing, but there are scant few places where I am all of: not at home or work and didn't bring my full laptop, yet can't manage with just an iPhone and would have been willing to bring a midsized thing and wouldn't prefer device with keyboard. Which isn't to say I want an Apple-netbook, but instead dream of an even better iPhone. The iPhone wouldn't be better with a 7" screen; it would be at home because it wouldn't fit in my pocket - after all, I really only want one convergence device and that's got to be centered around my phone because a) that's the main functional thing that I want to carry around everywhere and b) what good is a portable device without a cellular radio these days anyway? However, I can probably sum up my reply to: I feel unjustifiable angst that Apple might be spending some of their limited quantities of human effort building a wretched minitablet instead of any of the iPhone improvements I want to see, therefore I don't want it to happen, therefore I wont believe it even if trusted sources have actually held one. Why would that stop it being voted up? Things don't stop being interesting just because they are illegal. Also, he advocates stealing it or buying it . Whenever someone exhorts you to "think outside the box", they usually, for your convenience, point out exactly where "outside the box" is located. Isn't it funny how nonconformists all dress the same... - http://www.overcomingbias.com/2007/10/outside-the-box.html I had ever such a low opinion of electric cars in years gone by. At the weekend I was in a discussion about old cars - my parents had cars that couldn't do 60mph and had to stop on the way up hills to let the coolant stop boiling and the engine cool down. No big company will ever release a car that basic now or in the (non-dystopian) future - if someone designed one, it simply wouldn't be approved. Standards and expectations have gone up. Recently I saw Top Gear review the Tesla, and I twigged what Carmack said about the drivetrain. The Tesla has one gear. No multi-gear-box, no (or less) gearbox oil, no shifter or paddle shift, no oily engine and spark plugs and cylinders and valves and fuel pumps and air intakes... it's a motor with one moving part. Suddenly, I feel the same way about this - quieter, smoother, simpler, more maintainable - it will be the standard type of car one day. A placebo works even when you know it's a placebo. Otherwise it would be a drug that works even when you don't take it... and that's supposed to be where we hit an infinite loop and crash. Since the other person is a figment of your imagination their claim to be conscious is no different - a figment of your imagination. There's no need to crash, it's all your subjective reality. (or, really, my subjective reality). or you can allow the goal to inject your present reality with new hope, enthusiasm, and motivation. Even though it seems like you’re setting goals for the future, you’re really setting goals for the present. The better you understand this, the more easily and enjoyably you’ll achieve your goals. - http://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2006/08/how-to-set-goals-yo... Alternatively, any of you setting 30 day trials for January 09? - http://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2007/12/start-the-new-year-... Hacky New Year! It's the variation and options that really drove Linux to the desktop during the 2000's. Everywhere I go, people ask me, disappointedly, why there are only half a dozen filesystems to choose from and expressing their sadness that a mere week of experimenting will do to pick between KDE/Gnome/fvwm/blackbox/etc. (You did note the recent news that Apple passed RIM (Blackberry) and Motorola to become the second most popular smartphone make, with just two the two very similar iPhone models?) Don't forget time to spec servers, install the OS/Apps/Backup system, configure, test, drive to the datacenter, install the kit, document it. Also you will need to spend time setting up an account with a rackspace provider and arranging all the DNS, public IPs, any necessary firewalls, etc. Also, server warranties, UPSs and the sheer hassle of specifying, ordering configuring servers and taking them to somewhere and fiddling with them and regularly patching them and so on. And increasing the storage capacity on each machine can be done at the price of $0.1/GB No it can't, you need to pay a competent admin to go to the servers, shut them down, install new drives, and start them up again and expand the RAID onto them. 1hr minimum. Assuming the RAID is expandable and there is physical space in the server - if you need to add more mounted disks the app must be adjusted to support that. If there is no space, you may need to replace some drives and handle moving the data onto them (several hours?), or worse buy a new extra server. Assuming your backup system can just take another TB of data without any changes. And what if something does go wrong? You're talking of at least half a day from the time you find out until you get someone to go, wait for the travel time, diagnose and repair and restart, then dealing with problem reports and complaints. I hope Amazon has better monitoring on S3 than anything I have set up as well. To get TV without adverts and programs that don't depend on being popular to be shown. Alternately, because the law says you have to have one if you have a device capable of receiving TV signals (in the UK). Software will continue to be bad Not bad . As Randy Pausch said in the lecture that was on the front page yesterday, "There's a reason we have the phrase 'good enough' - for things that are good enough". Companies will continue to buy bad software as long as it's good enough. (That is - maybe they aren't even looking for demonstrably better software). It's not so much arguing that it is cheaper, but that there is still rationale for choosing it even though it's more expensive. Of course it gets more expensive the more you use it - but so does doing it yourself. And not on a nice smooth scale, either. I, a guy who cannot eat due to health problems, am going to write a grumpy article on how to eat for health and happiness. Colour me unconvinced. How does your model account for the large long-term growth in worldwide programming over the past few decades? Steve Jobs is rich and smart and gets things done. When he says he makes something his number one priority, that means he's doing something serious about it. When he sees a doctor, it's not going to be the same sort of doctor who does liposuction with a trowel in a warehouse. When he has tests, they wont be a $2.50 chemistry set. He will see real experts. They will expertly advise him. Professionals will say things like the two people at the end of the linked article - "I have no knowledge of his condition and will not comment" and "Asked whether armchair diagnoses are reasonable or productive, Skarulis replied, 'Unfortunately, no'" and "agreed with Lustig's assessment of Jobs' statement as insufficiently detailed to merit speculation " Real experts will not take a deliberately vague brief announcement to the general public, with no medical history or test results, and start second guessing the doctor(s) involved and implicitly accusing the CEO of a very successful company of telling untruths, and 'real' journalists would not take this rumourmongering gossipy timewasting wordflood and submit it as news, and 'real' reputable news company editors would not approve it for worldwide publication under their once good name. What a pleasant find - there are still wikis that can be edited without creating an account first! HackerSpaces, two in the UK. Hacker Groups, two in the UK. I see PG's essay on moving to where the things you want to be part of are in a different light now compared to when I first read it. So, a distinguished but elderly scientist says it's impossible, eh? Where do I sign up?! ;) I would like to see and try that, since my perception is that unless one deliberately adds them, there are no pauses between words. (Try to listen to a foreign language radio station and identify where the words are, for instance). More seriously: 1. What about copyright / bandwidth / permission to scrape from that site? 2. Where is the mysql db? Do you have servers and hosting or do they need to be conjoured from somewhere, configured, installed, etc? You're talking of iPhone programming, which is currently popular and therefore costly, and also database skills and some kind of communication between the two, and scraping and unmentioned extras (particularly backend scalability if you want a lot of iPhone purchases, user accounts? database reports? some kind of admin controls)? A weekend sounds optimistic for a robust solution to me. One designer/developer, 20% equity down to 16%, doesn't want to make a fuss and still likes and is impressed with them and believes they are all for what makes everyone more motivated. they're very knowledgeable in business/entrepreneurship. They sure are. However, I think that I'm entitled to a bit more than 16% Entitled how? It's an agreement - whatever you can all agree with. 3. (Battery design heavy handedness) You act like there's an easy other option for Apple, who ignored it out of malicious dictatorial concerns. Any other option would have had its own engineering tradeoffs (and design, support, components, manufacturing changes, documentation, training...) And supporting multiple options would be even worse. As it stands, they've chosen a non-removable battery so they can do a custom shape and fit 40% more in. I have a book by Peter Cochrane (former head of British Telecom research) where he talked about longer battery life in laptops by making the battery a structural component (bigger, but not heavier because it replaces part of the chassis) sometime before 1997, and this is the first time I've noticed anyone take it seriously. Yes, some people will be annoyed, but there are many who use the 17" MBP as a luggable desktop, or mostly plugged in. It's not the case that they could ever pick a design to please everyone , and this one has the added benefit that at least it's not purely aesthetic - you get a nonremovable battery, but you get a longer battery life and more charge cycles out of it too. And anyone handy with a screwdriver will probably be able to replace it and there will probably be external backup batteries - carrying one of those will be little different to carrying a spare for a removable battery... (By the way - the book is "108 Tips for Time Travellers" - lots of essays on technology. I remember it being very good). Its very childish to flame somebody because of their choice of OS when it doesn't affect you in any way at all It affects me a lot. People around me are grumpier, the computers I support are more of a pain in the neck, the software ecosystem is pushed towards software for an OS I don't like, people are missing out on really useful features and being less happy and sometimes less productive than they could be... To say that it's missing features is to imply that they could add features and then it would be as good. That's not the case I see, as a shell is little without the surrounding ecosystem, and Windows doesn't have it. PowerShell is missing QWAN; The linux CLI is the same if you boot to it or boot to a GUI and open a terminal, or SSH in. It has a wide ecosystem of meta-apps which aid using the CLI such as screen and less, and it's been built up over the years with bash/readline keyboard shortcuts. Not to mention that lots of nix programs are CLI programs with GUI wrappers, or configured with text files you can edit in emacs/vim. The Windows command line window is all there is (you can't boot to 'DOS' anymore, or SSH in without third party software - and if you do it's a different kind of experience). There's nothing much to do as most programs aren't CLI programs and aren't configured with text files and aren't scriptable and you don't really want to poke around in the registry if you have to be typing "HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Policies\..." or whatever. There are no emacs keyboard shortcuts and everything is shoved in folders with long names and capital letters and spaces and it's just not as good*. On top of that, PowerShell is a misleading name - since it's not really a shell, it's more like irb or the Python interactive interpreter. Sure you can "change directories" and such, but it's not really a bash competitor, not a shell in that sense. But on paper, feature for feature? Who knows, they're probably quite close... A remote control program like FogCreek Copilot designed for OMG-SLOW connections. I want to be able to disable screen updates except for manually triggered refreshes of certain areas, or to block out areas I don't want to refresh until instructed otherwise. I want extremely low bandwidth low detail options that fill in like progressive JPG instead of line-by-line from the top. I want to be able to cancel data transfer and reset to nothing. I want the remote client to screen-scrape and send compressed text and outlines of windows and to be able to send it high level Windows support instructions like "open the control panel" and have it not refresh the screen until that's done. I can orient myself in a Windows desktop with a small amount of information, but I can't stand hideously slow remote control connections. A way to replicate data over the copious amounts of spare disk space in a roomfull of standard office computers, including implicit duplication such that some machines being off or broken doesn't matter. I saw a link here a while ago about encoding redundant copies of data with less duplication than you'd think... Re: your youtube video... I've put up LED signs at work before, but they suffer the problems that: (a) you need to look at it. Mental polling. (b) It can show a small amount of text. There is little summary information (that we deal with) which benefits. Either boolean data that could be shown with a single light or lots of data that needs more space. Is it really useful, or more of a novelty? Also, isn't the text-to-speech somewhat interrupting? I wonder how they find IRC useful - doesn't it suffer from the same problems as tracking any other IRC channel? Information you care about will be pushed off screen, if you set markers it will be as interrupting as any other popup and alternatively requires manual polling... "eroding over time the sense that mastery is possible, or worth pursuing" I fear spending a lot of time 'mastering' something meaningless. Music, woodwork, metalwork, drawing, painting, they all sound worth spending time on. Spending several years mastering Cisco router operating system commands, Sharepoint internals and development, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Java, Oracle, Jabber protocols, SGML/UML/YetAnotherMarkupLanguage? These don't sound fun, but they do sound like they'll take almost as much time and effort - but only because they were designed by big corporations/committees who don't care if you spend your life helping them profit until your 'skill' is suddenly worthless and non-transferrable. "Urgent information: Your computer needs a scan. You have not scanned for spyware in 0 days". I was hoping all the niggling non-resizable dialogs and pestering messages would be sorted this time. They aren't, and there are more of them. Despite that, I like it more than Vista already. Like if you open IE and it has MSN Live Search as the default. I see... no variables defined before use (optional). Pet hate: VB fakehungarian names where objects are called oSomething. In the oRS.open line, the "2, 2" are magic numbers - I have no idea what they do without looking them up. (Turns out they are CursorType adOpenDynamic and LockType adLockPessimistic). Since they aren't the defaults, presumably they are necessary, but from the snippet given the defaults might be OK. The presence of database tables Members and Members2 with (in this snippet) no difference between them. If you don't need two, merge them. If you need two, name them more helpfully. If the data will only be in one or the other, could you use a union query? Why might the data be in one or the other and why not use that information directly to decide which to query instead of querying both? What if there are no names in either table? As you say, selecting * but only using one field, and the repetition within the if branches. Unhelpfully named array "myarr" Redimensioning of the array every time through the loop. But most importantly, all the body of the code does is take the names from the recordset and put them in an array. I expect (hope) there is a shorter, more efficient, more idiomatic way to copy a recordset into an array. See other HN topic about the fun, easy and addictive nature of criticism. I shouldn't really - at least they have a product with members and money to employ people to code for them and enough success that their code stayed around long enough to become old and maintainable... and there's plenty of people who'll argue that make it work, ship it, then if necessary rewrite it is much prefereable to make it beautiful, perfect it, tweak it, file for bankruptcy. The only valid use of 'actually' that I can think of is to correct someone in a smug way ('actually: synonymous with 'you idiot''). Any other use seems to be filler. Am I missing some good uses for it? "1 + 1 is 11" " acccctually , it's 2" I don't write much in terms of stories, poems, blog articles, essays, etc. But I do write a lot in forum posts, emails and everyday work notes (into the tens of thousands of posts over the years). Yet I've never got much feedback about my writing style. With ten thousand posts of careful practise, I would presumably be pretty good by now. What a wasted opportunity. Yes it would be potentially useful/lucrative to be able to license and rebrand the Dropbox technology (server + clients) but self-hosted. [Edit: no, not the Dropbox technolgy; the Dropbox experience .] An interactive shell (Python, with Excel objects and helper methods ready provided). It could be if it meant types of gas (CO2, methane, ...) but in this context discussing quantity of gas, it doesn't really fit. However, there is a meme of dodgy word endings in use at the moment, popularized by Jeremy Clarkson on top gear talking about cars having x many torques instead of x N/m of torque. This may be deliberately in that style. He makes some good points that I didn't consider when first I hated upon XML. I agree that XML is better for its problem domain than s-expressions, but in that case the whole article is an apples to oranges comparison. He claims that syntax is important, otherwise we'd still be using binary formats. If that's true then the only reason syntax is important is for humans, because machines can read binary formats just as well as anything else. So why compare it to s-expressions instead of to a human-friendly ideal? Is XML the best human-friendly markup language possible? Yes his paragraph is similarly readable in both forms, but would it be if wrapped in XML namespace clauses and an XML Schema? Would the s-expression version be if wrapped in a macro to parse text outside quotes as significant text? The purpose of XML shouldn't be to make everything more XML-y, but to make everything easier. Maybe it does, in big enterprisey systems and between large data silos. Look at the recent ODF v. Office XML file formats. Have any of you been tempted to process Microsoft Office documents directly because now they're XML they must be easier than the old binary formats? It's still not human friendly - you can't use the Jabber protocol by hand over telnet like you can use POP3, SMTP, IRC. That's what software looks like inside. If it offered nothing better than your house then it would deserve to fail. The point would be to offer things to your fledgling business that your house couldn't because you can't afford them or don't have the skill or time to setup, some ideas suggested above. Or perhaps a lawyer, accountant, graphic designer, available at regular times. Perhaps a stack of servers ready for hosting virtual machines that you can make use of. Perhaps a place to work away from your house for a bit. Perhaps a social gathering spot. I will work harder was the motto of the horse in Animal Farm. It didn't win. Hooey. Electric cars didn't disappoint , they're sill conceptually nice, beautiful, performant and desirable: http://www.lightningcarcompany.co.uk/gallery.php You mean you didn't want a glow-in-the-dark towel anyway ? Jeff's comment is all very well - he asks for the problem to be solved so he can see who someone else is... I take it sdfx isn't your real name? How many people really want this 'solved' for themselves? So anyway, why not a startup that provides the same service as Amazon's "real name" tag? You hook into my startup, I charge the user a fee on their credit card, verify their name, confirm the name to you. You have a user with a valid ID without having to deal with openid or credit card handling, I have a startup with income, the user has a proven ID which they will value because they paid for it. Sounds good. Your comment is nothing but an ad-hom. Do you have any evidence to support that he might? My favourites have mostly been mentioned - David Deutsch talking about the open-ended generation of knowledge, Dan Gilbert on perception and consciousness, Aubrey De Grey on reversing aging and his arguments for why it will be possible, Barry Schwartz's paradox of choice talk, Malcolm Gladwell. And Burt Rutan on space exploration. I've like never like and ok like heard of like Ira like Glass or ok and like like like before but if like that clip like ok is like anything to like go on like then like Gladwell certainly like doesn't like have like his mojo at like like all. Which is nice. 1) If a President shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for the beginning of his term, 2) or if the President elect shall have failed to qualify, then 3) the Vice President elect shall act as President until a President shall have qualified 1) Did not happen, Obama was chosen (President Elect) weeks ago. 2) Did not happen, Obama was at no point refused the Presidency between his election and his inauguration. Consequently 3) did not happen. Anyway, if Obama was not president because he had not been sworn in then nobody else was for the same reason, and if you follow the argument in the blog then you get to "the {XYZ Position} shall act as President". Acting as president is not being president anymore than acting as a Spaniard makes you a Spaniard. Also, if you read "Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following oath. . . ” without any surrounding context then it's vague. There is no office of President-Elect, Barack Obama has no office, so it could read: Before he [The President] enter on the Execution of his Office... As in, someone has to be President before being able to take oath and execute the office of President. Similar (in my layman's terms) to how ex-presidents retain the title of President without executing the office of president. But if Secretary Rice was not President from noon to 12:01, then who was? If you guys had a constitution written in Haskell you could have a "maybe nobody" president and it could be lazily-evaluated so this question would never be explored until it was really needed. The cited article quotes a professor of constitutional law Fallacy of "proof by appeal to authority" alert. He had, but his Beard Mass Index (BMI) was heading towards "clinically obsolete", so he's trying to cut down. ;) It's also not obvious that helmets are a universal help in another way: By design, bicycle helmets are only effective only at very low speeds ( - http://www.lobv.org/15reasons.html This isn't the first place I've seen that claim, the site I was looking for had brain scan images and such as well, I think. Also, why should one be looked down upon for not always choosing the safety option? There are costs to wearing a helmet as well. You can argue that they aren't worth it, but you can't dismiss them as non-existant and pretend it's merely about "how hard it is to put on a helmet". Your head will get sweatier even if the helmet has vents, so your hair will end up less presentable at the other end of any journey of length. You need to carry a helmet around with you wherever you are going since you can't lock it up outside and trust that it will not be damaged. You need to be careful with it, since they are fairly delicate and prone to damage that isn't obvious - no stuffing it in a bag and throwing the bag around carelessly. You need to own one - shop for one, find a fitting one, have somewhere to keep it which isn't annoying to get while getting your bike out or annoying to put away, change it every few years. (Some people) take care while moving around with it on - it makes your head unusually bigger so you're more likely to bash it on doorways/cupboards/other furniture, and if bashed they usually recommend replacing them. Consciously deciding not to ensure your own survival is aberrant behavior. So everyone who chooses a job they need to drive to instead of a local lower-paying job is aberrant? Everyone who chooses a car for looks instead of safety rating? Everyone who goes out without a first aid kit? Everyone who eats barbecued food known to be higher in carcinogens? Everyone who works with power tools? Everyone who walks by a main road when there's a 10-mile longer route away from traffic instead? (These are the sorts of decisions along the intensity of wearing or not wearing a bike helmet). Guy-risks-self-saves-life-becomes-hero-wins-girl is a very common story line. Guy-is-coward-wins-girl less so. Hmm. I hang around a lot of websites (passing the time), and websites like HN are full of entertainment ... but if I was honestly seeking self-improvement I would open some study material and study it . So, yes, I use it to waste my time. I could be doing better things assuming you believe in objective measures of such things. The addictive low-cal-information-firehose nature of the internet is my one weakness, as Miss Lane never said with a twinkle in her eye. You could install a greasemonkey profanity filter: http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/4175 Once you get past integers and strings I think you'd start hitting language and library limitations where things don't translate smoothly - the same core reason that the languages are usefully different in the first place. Not at all web 2, but the PLEAC project ( http://pleac.sourceforge.net ) has been working on equivalent samples of code in different languages for a number of years. These days I'd half expect it to be a crossbreed of Google Code and Google Translate. The domain xsyinz.com is available... That's only four why's, and it doesn't address why the employee suddenly needed a table. Which means it may not be the "root cause", either, and the offered "more tables" solution may not help. In our case the answer was to move from a technically good wiki with lots of features to a Microsoft solution (Sharepoint) severely lacking in features but looking prettier. Hrm, if Python's OK, I think I've seen one either in the examples of the Win32 extensions, or the SpamBayes project has an Outlook extension (not a skeleton though). Consider the acres per person that America has . You think widely available eInk displays will bring improvements in code? Yes I see that - but if people who don't want to read a novel on screen, yet who code at the moment, could use a new display that they would read a novel on happily - would that also bring any improvements to their coding? Startups may be undependable, but I'm dismissive that there's a dependable way to become financially free unless you go down the self-sufficiency route. After all, if it was dependable (no-risk) who wouldn't be doing it already? Found an old ICQ account I forgot I had with an embarassing nickname. ICQ wan't tell me the password unless I can remember and still access the email account I had 10-14 years ago. ICQ has, apparently no way to contact them and no other way to delete an account. Great. Thanks, ICQ. Can you explain more about what it involves and in what ways it is intensive/hard, please? (Genuine curiosity not dismissiveness) If you have the requisite large-company/educational institute Microsoft licensing, you get to download Microsoft programs from their Technet website - right back to DOS and Windows 3. Win4Lin licensing might be more of a problem, though. It can't be "genius" because I had the same idea independantly a few weeks ago (an iPhone photo-Rubik's-cube-solver). (I was thinking of it taking two photos, each pointing at opposite corners of a cube and encompassing three sides). More that I couldn't write on an iPhone keyboard: What I'd like ICQ to do is something like: Recognise that the account has been unused for a decade and that it doesn't matter if I am an imposter and agree to clear the profile at least. Or, provide some hints to the email address and see if I can complete it. Or, ask for some sort of proof of ID, given that the name is real and fairly unique. Get rid of their dismissive don't-care "there is no way to delete an account, just edit your profile to clear the details and forget it exists. If you can't get back into your account with the email-me-a-password feature then that's it, you will need to register a new account" policy. Or, at least, have some way of talking to them and someone who gives a toss. The forum has lots of completely ignored "please delete my account" posts - I've even seen three with passwords, at least one of which works(!). I was going to be nice and login and reset the password - but the only way to reset your password is from the ICQ client(!). Sod that. That the line has a bug where it doesn't do what the programmer (apparently) intended yet correcting it so it does would cause two other bugs to appear, makes it worse not better, I think. Also the rant does say what the program should do - if it can't write to the folder, raise an exception and alert the user. Also, whether there is something to learn depends on who you are and what you know, it's not an objective property of the information you're looking at. PS - "epic fail" is very descriptive and fear-of-being-called-a-fanboy-peer-pressure shouldn't be what stops you from using it. "If your Teensy is not brand new, it will run whatever program the previous owner loaded, perhaps causing your computer to recognize new hardware and require drivers. Just cancel any driver setup. In the next step you will load the LED blink program." So, yes - looks like it can. The funny part is that real companies really get away with that obviously impossible lie (with caveat) so commonly that it works as a parody. You say that as if microprocessors aren't physical... It also runs counter to "do the simplest thing that could possibly work" and "KISS" and "YAGNI". Doesn't mean it's a bad idea though. But if it's that good, make sure you announce it and market it as a significant feature... I doubt Google have backups, take a copy home on a CD, have a massive third party database with dedicated certified people, or backup to Amazon S3. I suspect their file storage system is simply good enough to replicate data intelligently across many machines/sites like a giant RAID array. I also think that it's a truly massive benefit they have over other companies, particularly small companies, and that it's rarely discussed as such. Hope Twitter have backups... The real edge is not that it's based on commodity hardware, but that it's based on scalable low-management software (I imagine all this, and skimmed their Google File System paper once. I don't work for Google). It wouldn't matter if they were blades or Sun UltraWhatevers, the real benefit is that if one dies, nobody need panic - plug another in and "the system" will rebuild it. If a rack dies, plug another in and the system will rebuild it. If a datacenter dies, the others will cover for it. No backup tapes, no manual tweaking each new build. Reminds me of LeafyHost. (Summary: Small hosting company advertising multiple backups; their single server crashed and they had no backups at all. Long story involving terrible customer service ensues). The whole foods list is quite interesting, but I'm getting alarm bells from the contradiction between: "Healthiest Way of eating as long as it is a whole, natural, nutrient-rich food " And the "reduced fat cheese, skimmed milk". Cheese is not "natural" food and skimmed milk is certainly not "whole". In a similar vein, I think people go to far with "Email contains important information, therefore everyone must keep all email". A large percentage of email is dross, and a large percent of the text in any given email is dross or repeats (quoted text in reply/forwards). Filter out the important bits into a useful system and delete the email, I say. Or, in another way of saying it, buried deep in an email archive is not the best place for any given piece of information. Especially not any information that anybody else might ever need to look at - which, in a company, is quite a lot. The sheer effort of remembering what might be in there, the ensuing obligation to search your massive archive any time you need any information just in case (because you can't be sure if it's there or not), the minimal hassle of not finding most 'important' information and the large amount of 'information' that you will, in practice, never look at again makes it a dubious thing to do, IMO. Not to mention the hassle, disk space, database maintenance, backup bloat and on and on. Probably not helped by Outlook's irritating top quoting. > It's a cultural mismatch. Not so - there are On/Off Topic subjects mentioned in the HN guidelines: http://ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html Oh I'm not suggesting the author of that site of has an agenda, just that people were for a long time drinking whole, unpasteurised, unhomogenised, untreated fresh milk, and on a site proclaiming a strong recommendation for the whole, natural, unprocessed way-things-were, those two stuck out at me as if ... they were a cached thought that hadn't been recomputed to fit with the rest of the philosophy. There's enough in the unprocessed dietary recommendations to grab my interest, from Weston Price's book studying rural tribes to insulin tolerance being at the root of more than just diabetes, to grab my interest. Perhaps not a HN topic though. Your iPhone App looks very slick. Have you found that it helps? As useful as you imagined before building it? and decent input There's no way you could work productively with an iPod touch and monitor if the iPod touch keyboard was all you had to type on. I simply don't believe it's practical. And on that note, sod the big monitor - how about a HMD (I guess a pico-projector would do), iPod Touch and wearable keyboard (I guess foldable portable would do)? Well you could do that now - pico projectors exist, apps exist for hacked iphones to display more than just video to the TV out port, there's a hack to get an external keyboard working somewhere, and of course MobileTerminal, Python and Safari are already available. iPod Touch, foldable keyboard, portable projector - smaller yet more useful than a netbook? Now? One day soon? I haven't tried a blackberry, but I have tried Windows mobile device thumbboards - and accuracy may be ok, but thumbs only on such a small keyboard ... it's just not good enough to be even a netbook keyboard replacement. Too tiring, too difficult/slow to access other keys/symbols/numbers... I like the ideas of the senseboard ( http://www.senseboard.com/product.php ) and the dataegg ( http://www.xaphoon.com/dataegg/ ) chording keyboard best. Unfortunately senseboard seems a bit of a dead / vapourware company and the dataegg vanished and the closest thing I can find to it is the cykey ( http://www.bellaire.demon.co.uk/index.html ) which I have tried, but it's not a keyboard replacement really. Apart from speed, it needs to be on a surface and metakeys are awkward. Twiddler I've seen online but it looks incredibly uncomfortable in a finger-contortion sense to me. Imagine a DataEgg style jacket for the iPod/Phone... It's web based because the main data store is not on your computer but 'out on the web', and you can access any of your data stored in it by logging onto their website. You can install a program for your convenience, but you can use the core remote-storage of dropbox without it. To me, thin client means Windows and Remote Desktop, and that means a clunky experience with a very problematic remote desktop client that interrupts what I'm doing quite often and a server experience that needs a lot of management and doesn't support a lot of badly written programs. I wonder how many more people would be happy to work by remote desktop / windows thin client if the technology was still much the same, but the experience was polished a bit more? I don't know what the Linux-style equivalent is, is there one or is it a mash of X-forwarding-over-SSH and VNC? Sounds like you're drawing the distinction at "primarily browser based" and I was using "primarily internet based". As such, I think Outlook/Exchange is not web-based, but Outlook/Hosted-Exchange is web based (because the Exchange server is "out on the web" somewhere out of sight, out of mind). I went looking and see they've basically shut down - parts for v2 are no longer available, they're in debt and they can't afford to develop v3 and that was a couple of years ago. There are none on eBay.com or .co.uk active or recently completed, or any on Froogle either. Shame; I never thought they looked brilliant, but quite liked that they exist. find, spotlight, locate, Start->Search, dir /s, Everything, Google Desktop Search, Windows Desktop Search. What makes you think more software, more solutions, will make computers easier to use? Disagree somewhat. If every app has to standardize, how does one innovate and differentiate? How does one improve things and at the same time keep everything the same? It wasn't meant as a straw man. Better software is only going to happen in addition to software that exists already - i.e. more software, leading to (I suggest) more complexity. Filesystems work. At least, Windows simple filesystems work, Linux's mess is less pleasant. People who want to can learn to put files in My Documents and find them later - it's not massively complex, there's a place for shared documents, a place for your documents, a place for Programs and a place for Windows. That's about all you need to care about. At some point I object to the "Why should people learn anything? It's all the failings of the computer!!!!" attitude of your comment - there's always a trade off - any alternative will come with alternative problems. A more complex system (e.g. context awareness) will have more complex problems with it. I often wish for more context awareness in software, but when I stop and try to visualise it in detail, it seems much less desirable. Encryption is all mixed up with PKI and certificates and that whole bundle of (overly)complex stuff that I really don't want to have to bother with any more than I have to. I think I have GPG running somewhere, but know only one person who used it. I like that they pushed me to use it, but haven't needed to email them since. Whatever it was would have to work on all the ways I read my main email (iPhone, Browser, Outlook), and not involve typing a decryption password for every email or even every time I check for mail. How are you to know I didn't sit at someone elses PC and send an email automatically signed as them? My possible startup idea on the web/speech was to have a bookmarklet that would send the URL of the page you are on to my service, it would check for recordings of that page, and if any were found embed a flash player in the page so you could hear the text. If not, you could record something and send it in. It would be a web2 site in the sense that other people would do most of the work ;) However, I forsee more problems than really useful features, including: checking for accuracy and verbal abuse hidden in submitted recordings, the sheer amount of stuff on the internet making it unlikely that you'd find what you're looking for, and the fact that really (near)blind people would already have screen readers and embedded flash wont help too much, and comments on blogs wouldn't be a good fit for it. For what seems to be a nine week course? ~$500/day? Sounds quite pricey. Waiting? But it's already got Vi on it... ;) What if you work much harder and don't live to be 40? Do you get to try again under your scheme? Just how much will it decline with age? Skeptics argued that it can't be $10, as even a screen would cost more than that. I wonder why a $10 laptop can't be, essentially, a wristwatch or a calculator instead of an iPhone or a netbook? Linux will run on almost anything, a membrane keyboard (even a mobile phone 12-key pad using SMS text style input), and a small amount of memory... could you get enough hardware to run linux and have some kind of UI for ten bucks? I was thinking about two sets of up/down buttons. "comment adds to/detracts from the thread" and "agree/disagree with the comment" The idea being to have fewer controversial yet contributing comments downvoted to unreadability. On the radio recently, I heard that Spain is improving its rail infrastructure so that all cities will be within four hours of train travel from Madrid in the next five years - that's 2014. That made me realize that if Kurzweil's extrapolations towards a singularity are roughly right, the imminent-singularity± world will look a lot like the world looks now. Roads will be much the same, people wont have their houses rebuilt, office buildings will be similar. It will be all the technology inside that's different. If you've read Vernor Vinge's latest novel, Rainbow's End, that feels like a fairly convincing future. Mostly augmented reality, fewer user serviceable parts, and improved medical technology. ± imminent-singularity implies a sharp switch. That's not how I think of it - it's more a series of concentric circles - singularity event horizons, future-shock waves emanating back into the past - that we are already in, and have always been in, where each one marks a point where enough quantitative change has happened to make a qualitative change that would be difficult to predict from before the change. The imminent-singularity refers to the fact that they are getting closer together, and as more of them happen in less time, the cumulative effects are that much stronger and faster, leading to a techno-sonic-boom. The key changes to hurry along "the singularity" are changes to hurry along new and better kinds of thought. As Alan Kay(?) said, computers are tools for thinking, so I think it's right to look at computing/IT for the changes with the most impact. Significant AI work will, I think, be software based, or biological designed with software. Significant nanotechnology design will be done with lots of aid from computers. Significant collaborative work will be done with the help of future telecoms infrastructure. Significant sharing and spreading of ideas will be telecoms related. Plumbing, railroads, highways ... A new kind of collaborative shower? Trains that run even if there are leaves on the line? What kind of technological change do you think would make major differences? I think something along the lines of personal communications tech would make the most difference, e.g.: - An open API for all train and bus timetables and up to date changes. Imagine being in an unfamiliar city, opening Google maps. It finds your location, you click where you want to go, it finds a bus/underground route for you, next few buses, option to buy a ticket. - Local area networking such that you walk into an airport, your phone knows which flight you need so arrows appear on it and show you where to go in the airport. Over here, down there, to this checkin, then to that lounge. The technological changes that I think will make a difference are in people and bureaucracy and communication, not in roads and rail themselves. The fact that we can't conclusively answer why this is so is reason enough not to temp fate in this way. No, it isn't. We're talking about death here. It's not like the alternative could be any worse . 3001: The Final Odyssey. Skyscrapers to geostationary orbit. Just as natural as dying of diarrhea, exposure, septicemia, TB, polio, contaminated water, aids, starvation... "Natural" != "good" or "desirable". I don't want to give up clothes, shelter, clean water and farming just to be 'natural', nor do I want to accept aging just because it's 'natural'. I dismiss it completely. "The human condition" as a phrase is usually associated with pain, suffering, horror, inhumanity to others, and so on. It's not a pleasant phrase. The current state of 'being human' or current society have no inherent right to stay as they are. They change every day with every invention, and if longevity changes them again, so be it. If people opt-out of longevity, so be it. But the changes wont be magic - people will still be alive to guide and choose how society changes, it wont be instant-hell in a handbasket. And if it is, you can find a suicide booth and be in the same state you would have been otherwise. Move it forwards to what end? Society isn't moving towards a goal (and if it is, then why don't you want to be around to help it?) Death so society can 'progress'? Why not life for as long as you can / as long as you want? Society can progress more slowly if people die more slowly, but what does that matter? Because that wouldn't illustrate my point to the previous poster that improvements for road/rail will be to do with people and information, not so much cars or trains directly. :) Why not use public transport? - Because you don't know where it is. Enter technology to point you to a bus/train station. Enter GPS on your phone to guide you to it. - Because you don't know which route / bus / train to take. Enter an open transit information system so your phone can tell you, on the fly. - Because you don't know if this is the right bus/train to get on. Enter QR codes on the side of the bus so your phone can confirm it for you. - Because you don't know which stop to get off at. Enter GPS on your phone to tell you. - Because you don't know which ticket to get or if you have the right change. Enter your mobile and your phonebill or other integrated low-hassle small-quantity payment service. Oh come on, now you're changing the terms. I've never heard anybody wanting a war on the measurement of aging. It's the human bodily degeneration and weakness, physical and mental, that results from the biological processes of life running for tens of years that's the undesirable part. Commonly known as "old age" and "aging". > Ceiling Height Can Affect How A Person Thinks, Feels And Acts It certainly can. I've hit my head on several low ceilings. Causes spontaneous verbalisation and a tendency to duck a lot. More seriously, does it have a different effect on tall-vs-short people? Is it ceiling height-above-floor or height-above-head? Depends on whether you're arguing that they don't push into new areas, or that they only do it by purchasing other companies, but I do see them pushing into new areas: Google is pushing/has pushed out from their original search into ad sales, online video, webmail, domain hosting, online document and spreadsheet programs, desktop searching programs, browser development, health information, web analytics, a mobile phone operating system, iPhone software, location and tracking systems, a code repository, voice recognition, statistical language translation, price comparisons, online payment systems, photo editing and hosting, sketchup, feed reading, mapping, satellite imagine, astronomical imaging, local free wifi, Google Earth, chat and video chat, blog engine, app engine, book ripping... that's not all, either: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Google_products I don't expect them to come out with a new kind of paint or an electric car, but they do a lot with information. Summary: With a mini-projector/camera around his neck, and coloured rings on his fingers for gesturing, a guy augments reality in technically impressive ways. Not forgetting this guy: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Wearcompevolution.jpg But the technology in the linked article is streets ahead. Particularly interesting to me is that the MIT people have better ideas on what uses a wearable computer could be put to than I've ever heard of before. Assuming real life and today's technology, that is - I've heard cooler ideas in Sci-Fi. Projecting a paint program? Useful, but not as ubiquitous as a piece of paper and a pen. Hooked up to a mobile so you could bluetooth the picture to someone else? Better. Projecting a live, dynamic map? Very ... social . Moreso than the eyeglasses wearable devices. I've wondered how one (company) gets into a really high tech industry. Wouldn't they have to do an awful lot of research - basically reinventing most of Intel's wheels for the past decade? I guess hiring an x86 processor development team would give them a jump in, but without lots of existing work, documents, schematics, etc. would a team of people know enough to rebuild such complex work from scratch? Where was I reading about a study showing that whatever people said, their observed behaviour shows a lot of (most?) people show more signs of happiness at work than not at work? One of my recent comments was a summary of a post. I think it's my most voted up comment of my entire time at HN - a post wherein I went out of my way to try and add near enough nothing at all. It suggests that people value me not saying more than saying. Compared to this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=466917 which took some effort. No votes at all and one reply which managed to avoid everything I wanted to talk about. When writing said summary comment, I started off wanting to say "Look look, you have to look at that, it's brilliant, it's not the usual "my opinion about X" blog post!", but a summary seemed more fitting. On the iPhone, I read comments first because they load and render quicker, and like concise summaries. It's not extra content as such, but it is a contribution. I found a National Geographic Moon Landing Special from 1969 the other day. It being more than a decade older than me, I was amused at the adverts in the front. Watches with "electric" (rather than 'electronic') precision, that run for a year on a power cell and don't need winding (gasp!). A stereo where the 'stereo' ability was the main feature (woo!). Polaroid cameras advertising all the brilliant things you could do for your business by having a near-instant photo (You mean they didn't bother inventing a digital camera to take to the moon? What were they doing ?). A cadillac, an oldsmobile, a steel framed suitcase, a Hassleblad camera crowing about auto-wind-on film, an insurance company covering an elephant on a raft, a dishwasher... A mere 40 years ago, and a lot of the products have an air of being low-spec, basic, simplistic, even. Growth in wealth? Aye. I do wish that, but not Experts-Exchange (yet) - if you get to a page on there via a Google search, scroll down past all the list-of-forums waffle, and the answers are in plain text at the end. Not really hacker news, but if you're interested in mass-amateur-read audio-books, http://www.librivox.org is a collaborative effort to read books outloud (as long as their copyright has expired) where there can be several contributors per book. This is confusing for beginners and should be avoided. That doesn't follow. Beginners need to learn list slicing to get anywhere with Python, and by the time they've got through [1], [0:10], [2:], [:5], [:-1], [0:10:2] and so on then [:] is just another use in the same pattern. And what would you do with the rest of your life after retiring right now? He claims to start with one assumption, but actually starts with many. For instance he implies "any species which could colonize the galaxy, will". I don't accept that all possible intelligence would try to take over the galaxy. He also says that it's not in an alien's interest to leave one planet (Earth) just in case we develop - but he doesn't consider that they might have colonized the galaxy but left Earth precisely because they did find life on it. Even the slightly unimaginative at times Star Trek had the idea of humans only colonizing 'empty' areas and leaving anything with existing life on it alone. Also, he states that colonizing the galaxy takes ~110,000 years because humans took 10,000 years to evolve + 100,000 years to cross the galaxy. He completely ignores that humans actually took many tens of millions of years to evolve from scratch not from existing life forms. Also, he assumes zero chance of catastrophic accident leading to exctinction as an explanation for why aliens might not exist. Maybe they did exist but wiped themselves out. Also, he assumes 100,000 years to cross the galaxy, but that means traveling pretty much at the speed of light, which is currently not possible/forseeably practical. Yet he doesn't consider how aliens would stay as a coherent civilization when a light speed ping response starts taking years, let alone tens of thousands of years. Also, he doesn't consider any kinds of future technology, IT, AI, singularity or similar. Maybe any culture which gets a thousand years past where we are now does not become a galactic conquerer, but a Matrix-style virtual reality. Lastly, what if aliens decided the best way to colonize the galaxy was to spray terraforming machines and life seeds, and we are the 'alien' intelligence colonies? Who says alien ideas of 'colonize' have to be like human Earth colonies of the last thousand years? Yet when you consider the growth in non-trivial things you want to accomplish, then the complexity returns. No longer are people satisfied with a joystick that can be read as two resistance values and two open/closed buttons - now you need a DirectX DirectInput Device with throttles, reconfigurable buttons, force feedback, a USB joystick driver to communicate with it... A system that a corporation tells me is "completely trustable" is not one I trust completely. It's hard to take seriously because of the hyperbole and smug, but he does make some good points in the article. He's basically right that any Linux software is available for Windows and lots of widely used Windows software isn't available for Linux, for instance. But your response is just a personal attack. Two personal attacks, indeed. This is the second comment by you on xmonad I've seen in a few minutes - have you written anywhere about your use of it, or do you know of anyone else who has written a good summary/explanation/use case of it? A 14" laptop running Windows XP. Is it irrational that I have even more respect for him after learning that? No multicore, multihead powerhouse, no HN open on another screen, no very tweaked Linux install... There is something to that - due in the next Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows 7 is an update to Offline Files and network copying, where the server will keep hashes of every file, in smallish chunks. The idea is that if you copy two similar files from the server, it can check the hashes and tell your client to use parts of a file it already has instead of transferring them (or only copy changed parts of a big file). I have no source handy to find more details about exactly what scenarios it will be used at the moment though. First, there's less of a need for many libraries because it's so easy to write your own things. If it's so easy, why aren't there good libraries for it? Nobody has done it because it's too easy? Eh? It's ridiculous and counter to the point of programming in general to suggest people ought to keep reinventing something because it's easy to do so. Even worse, if it is easy, then it's merely a distraction not a challenge - causing you to lose where you were in your program while you think about reinventing an easy wheel. Not that I believe it for a minute - implementing a good library to do something complex isn't easy - I just don't think "I want a script to process email, I could use Python and start with 'import email, pop' or I could go with Lisp and reimplement a POP client and an SMTP/MIME email parser it'll only take a minute". Check all bespoke/complex functionality One of our recent suppliers is a security provider that offers a service we want to resell. Their management website has a "mailto:" button for support. It doesn't work. How can you a) break a mailto link in the first place, b) not notice the support option doesn't work, and c) expect me to trust you with security with attention to detail like that? Maybe you can add "Check basic functionality" and then I can forward this to them... ;) I may have missed the point, but I didn't attack a generalization - I thought you said "libraries are less necessary because things are easier in Lisp(s)" and took that to mean "what's the problem with having to reinvent every wheel?" rather than your further explanation's "you don't need libraries as much". Not surprisingly, people who believe that programming mostly consists of writing glue code that calls libraries have trouble conceiving of that. Thank you for your explanation. HN has completely dominated all other forums I used to read frequently, even the one I pay for membership at and have been hanging around for a decade. Thank you. (I think it's a good addiction). So, what are your plans for the next year at HN and how can we help with them? It spreads WiFi throughout your neighbourhood - as long as they mesh network enable it. Assuming it existed, that is. It's spooky how obvious this is, yet how difficult it is to avoid personally, and how difficult to get other people at work to acknowledge it. Surely, surely, surely, creating an environment where your employees can work should be worth focusing on? It's also spooky how poor software is at managing this, or helping me manage it. I want a meta-program that controls all other programs and has a big list of projects, such that I click one button and my computer goes into {project X} mode, another and it goes to {project Y} mode. This could include changing browser windows, reopening text files, ssh connections, help documents, bringing back window configurations, folders, anything at all computer wide. And, key, it would mean the browser could crash and all the other project browsers wouldn't. I could reboot and minimal things would cause problems. It would be like virtual desktops, but better . Or, like OS X virtual desktops, but for Windows. Did you mean curiosity ? One thing Thomas mentioned in the book is that in order to build greater advancements, we first have to understand everything that happens with our current systems. He is wrong. Firstly, because it implies that we could individually learn everything about a system that took many people to develop, and secondly because it implies those people from years ago could have learned all about that system and more - that they were vastly underachieving and that we wont . We must be able to stand on the shoulders of giants, not just be taller than them. If we can’t compete with intelligence, then the only thing we can compete with is wages, meaning they will go down Or compete on other factors such as service level, locality, linguistics, friendliness, value added services, mediation, or any one of the dozens of other factors that go into making a business subjectively better than its competitors. I kind of agree here - I much prefer the control over text, until the text gets massive. It's very easy to keep getting lost in one big page of text when trying to follow along a guide of something. It's also pretty bad trying to follow guides when the text is full of pictures. Google finance has a fantastic dynamic web application feature - it has a big graph of stock price for the stock you are looking at, and next to it a list of news items relevant to that company and its industry. As you zoom and scroll the graph, the news items change to only show news for the time period you are looking at. I do understand hierarchical filesystems, so why would I want to do things the same way as people that don't? The filesystem isn't relevant to what either of you want to do - namely, start taking notes, and, not lose them if you forget to save them. Sure, save them wherever you like however you like - but I bet you start with "I need to make a note of this phonenumber" and not "I need to create ~/data/contacts/business/suppliers/joans.computers" so I can put this phonenumber in it". Just to reference another HN discussion "My web is text based" (here http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=488030 ) - this is the sort of topic where I think video and screencasts would be helpful. Not a screencast of someone typing DVCS commands into a shell, mind you, or a video of someone talking about DVCS that could be transcribed to text with no loss of explanatory power whatsoever, or, $deity forbid, a video of someone reading inaudibly from illegible slides. A decent animated introduction to distributed version control explained by characters worthy of Pixar, set in a world of fantasy physics where things can pop into and out of existance. DVCSs do things which are non linear, text and talk are extremely linear. Text and audio shouldn't be the only two forms of media on the web, video explanation shouldn't mean linear explanation. "would be"? You mean it isn't? (I've been reading http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=486574 ) Hoping for covert listening device scandal, got decimal number mismatch. "You know how Einstein's grades were bad as a kid? Well mine are even worse!" - Calvin (& Hobbes). RS-232 serial ports date back to 1969, and survived into the mid-to-late 1990s, for instance. Did they? Funny, I was using one earlier today... (And liking it. Nothing like plugging a device in and knowing there are no drivers, no 500Mb software downloads, no autoconfig, no software that has to spend minutes "searching" for the device, no wifi, no passwords, and that everything these days speaks 9600,8,n,1. Just beautiful gets-out-of-my-way simplicity. A joyous technology.). How will it help me automate my lavalamps? It plugs into a wall socket, but it isn't a wall socket. It's no different from a hacked Linksys WRT54G or any hacked Linux powered home NAS, except in shape and openness. And openness isn't a great distinction compared to a hacked Linux powered device, since their closedness has been worked around. I don't see it as especially exciting - it has no ethernet-over-mains or wireless or switching or any other tech that makes it inherently geared towards home automation, it's just another linux powered print/disk/ssh/web server, isn't it? It's a reference design for the above. You make so many spelling mistakes (compared to making none, not compared to me), would a good autocorrect save you enough effort to be worth it? Winston Churchill - in the years until he became prime minister: "Despite all this activity Churchill’s daily routine changed little during these years. He awoke about 7:30 a.m. and remained in bed for a substantial breakfast and reading of mail and all the national newspapers. For the next couple of hours, still in bed, he worked, dictating to his secretaries. At 11:00 a.m., he arose, bathed, and perhaps took a walk around the garden" I convinced the founders to add a way to play them back You often talk about releasing early, building something people want, etc. Since you carry a lot of influence, and (I guess) invest in Etherpad, and they've adjusted it to your personal request - do you worry that this effect might give you a distorted view of how well Etherpad specifically, and YC startups generally, are building what people want? Sounds like a cached thought; from your presence at HN, I assume you support: Working extremely hard to compress a lifetime's earnings into a few years, e.g. from a startup. Obsessing over a small number of hobbies, e.g. coding, to get unusually good at them. The idea that people can improve themselves and their lot, and that results are linked with effort. Everything in moderation - unless you want to be particularly good at it, perhaps. [Edit: Damn, I've done it again. Voting you down because I disagree with you, even though raised a point I wanted to reply seriously to. Sorry]. No that isn't "all you need to know" Have you read: http://www.sethroberts.net/about/whatmakesfoodfattening.pdf What about satiety of the food you eat? Eating fewer calories is easy if it's filling, less so if it isn't. Microsoft could make the online tool that replaces Word Something like Windows Live Writer 2009? http://jalaj.net/2009/01/22/enter-windows-live-writer-2009/ Yes, but a) My PC is too loud, I prefer sleeping with it (and everything else) turned off b) I was using Citrus Alarm Clock on Windows ( http://www.ornj.net/citrus/ ), which faded in MP3s, but I woke up and turned it off within a couple of seconds, so it was rather a pointless feature. Less annoying than a loud buzzer though. After waking up it takes me a while to boot - I could probably benefit from an audio reminder of what day it is and what I want to get up to do. You could look into an Asterisk telephony solution - anywhere you have access to an asterisk server, setup a cron job to get it to ring you (and text-to-speech something to you). Perhaps possible with http://www.twilio.com/ ? (As a way to get information to you without leaving your computer on - but some BIOS's have a wake-on-modem option so this might work for that with some tweaking). The link is interesting - it's a diet by the guy who founded AutoDesk (AutoCAD), and has some good discussion on plotting trends of weightloss, taking into account large noisy fluctuations in water weight. There's an unofficial site you can join and plug data into to get those graphs here: http://physicsdiet.com/ I've had some javascript graphing pages open in the background for ages - but what data do we have that's going to be useful to graph? Perhaps instead of "what data can I graph?" I should ask "What do we want to improve?" and find a way to measure it, then graph that. There are many points involved, including (in no particular order): 1) It's subverting the usual innocent until proven guilty model - why not presume everyone is doing wrong and just keep watching until you find them? Because that's not just. 1.1) Cost - most people aren't doing wrong, if they were everything would fall apart. Erosion of trust issues. 1.2) Well, everyone is doing wrong. And getting away with it. And that's OK. It's how things work. A good deal for a friend, an early warning, you scratch my back I'll scratch yours, nudge nudge, wink wink, say no more. On the small, local, personal level, it's fine - or at least, not always bad, which is practically the same thing. Besides, have you seen how many laws there are? You could be a lawyer all your life and still not even have skim-read once all the laws that you are legally obliged to follow at all times! 2) It's a power thing - someone is deciding what 'wrong' is, and it damn well isn't you or I. And what is 'wrong' will change year on year, governement on government - but your records will always be there to be searched for the new kind of wrongdoing (wrongbeing, wrongthinking, etc). 3) It's very much a power thing. It's always presented in the form of a government or corporation watching the populace. It's never presented "If you've done nothing wrong, stream videos of your boardrooms and offices to the world". 4) Knowledge is power. Where there's a hill, a pressure difference or a voltage difference, there is power. Knowledge is no different - there is power in a knowledge difference as well. Building up your skillset is generating a knowledge differential that makes you more valuable. Industrial espionage is shorting a knowledge gap to weaken its power. Insider trading is illegal because people with high pressure knowledge have a strong advantage. Mass invasion of privacy by government weakens your power against government (and increases their power over you), by companies weakens your power as a consumer, by everyone weakens every knowledge difference. You don't get a better environment, you get everything-the-same heat-death brown, all the hills flattened and the valleys filled in, if I can mangle some geography, cosmology and colouring in. 5) "If you've done nothing wrong, you've nothing to hide" is a false dichotomy, it implies that you only hide wrongdoing. I hide birthday presents and surprise parties. I hide my bank details so people can't take money from me. When parking my car, I hide things in the glovebox so they aren't stolen. I hide my government bureaucracy papers so people wont steal my identity. I hide my interest in computing so people wont take the piss. None of these things are 'wrong' but they are still valid things to keep quiet about, IMO. 6) It implies anonymity is wrongdoing, yet we have anonymous voting because otherwise it would be vulnerable to more corruption, checking if you voted for the 'right' party. 7) People are obliged to wear clothes to cover genitalia, because having visible genitalia is a social 'wrong'. This has elements of hiding something because you are doing wrong (or being wrong), yet the hiding is the right thing to do in the current social climate. To some extent, right and wrong are fuzzy (See PG's essay on Thoughts you can't Think) yet you expect me to believe that there's a simple line around 'doing wrong' that someone else could see if only they could watch me more? 8) Judgement takes knowledge and experience. Do you really want every Tom, Dick and Harry government employee jumping down your neck with accusations of wrongdoing because they have no clue about your work or industry? "Why are you sitting there doing nothing while still on the clock? Scamming the customer, are you?" "No, I'm thinking of an algorithm that will scale to all their documents" "Thinking of an amalgam... amalgamation? You're not going to the dentist or buying a company, get back to work!" 9) Government and companies are paid for by taxpayers and customers. Do you want to foot the bill for them to watch you in case you are doing wrong? "than those with normal working hours" Normal working hours weren't designed to be optimal for health - do shorter than normal hours correlate with lower risk? That's such a predictable future it makes me suspicious. Newspapers? Devices that need a stylus to use the screen? No keyboards? Nothing wearable, no summary dashboards? It looks a lot like a read-only, use-only, no-hacking, Trusted DRM Limited swirly interface kind of future to me. Why? TechCrunch - it's like choosing to read adverts. Is your caring about TechCrunch more about the y-Combinator startups it plugs, the general state of news-blogging or interest in the content? Here is a bluetooth bracelet with headset profile so it can show caller ID and accept/reject a phonecall with the button: http://www.engadget.com/2009/02/26/lcd-bluetooth-vibrating-b... I've been wondering if it could be paired to a Linux box with BlueZ Utils and get any old script to pretend to be an incoming call and vibrate the bracelet and show a message,,, in any situation it is your responsibility, using your best judgement, to do what you think is in the best interests of the company. Including firing your numpty colleagues and terrible customers: http://www.christopherhawkins.com/06-13-2005.htm#78 ? This is the sort of error that worries me a lot about "programmable" business systems. That people who don't know the domain and tools well enough, and don't have the pernickety edge-case worrying mindset will introduce errors like this. Writing a report that doesn't take into account a new database table, editing permissions and leaving a big hole in them, etc. What I'm not sure about though, is whether it really matters. Whether the tradeoff with only allowing certain people to make changes saves enough trouble that it's worth the limitations. Businesses with people are very good at surviving errors, after all... Semi-related: Burt Rutan's TED talk has a mention of early aircraft design and how many different designs there were (with slide pictures). Worth checking out. Going by the javascript version he was inspired by, it takes a long time to converge if you are lucky (I kept it running for several days on and off). If you're unlucky, it doesn't converge before you get bored. You've just setup a question with a yes/no answer, when given one answer said "I don't believe it" and when given the other, smugly replied "I knew it!". Why couldn't they block security patches that impact their benchmarks? It's not like anyone real ever gets hit by zero day "a carefully crafted PNG file fed into Flash version x.099.31 over an HTTPS connection to a site with an expired SSL certificate can gain access to cookies from domains with a Q in them" kind of exploits. The most compelling counter is one throwaway comment I saw here - that things are just going to get so complex we will be overwhelmed with complexity and leaky abstractions and progress will crash into a wall before intelligence amplification helps us pass said wall. I prefer the ideas of Aubrey De Gray, because while they require future-technology and future-developments, they don't require intelligence amplification or AI or thought-to-be-impossible technology, and if done successfully would give us longer lives which might be the equivalent of amplified intelligence allowing a way round said wall (i.e. work at the same level of smartness, but for longer). Why would things suddenly get "so complex" That's the nature of exponentials. It will look like we have a lot of headroom to spare, but in a couple of steps - wham. Exponential doubling run backwards: 100% - full. 50% - one step earlier. 25% - two steps earlier. Two doublings before the limit, you look around and see 75% room to grow into - why would there suddenly be a problem, there's so much room for manoeuvre, stop worrying. My mom is extremely unlikely to watch a film called "Transcendent Man". I doubt if the technical people I know would be interested. Even the people here at HN are skeptical. This film has a feeling to me of a ... startup trying to launch on technical impressiveness. Only a few people will care, and they have probably already heard about it. If you want to know whether you're the right sort of person to start a startup, ask yourself whether you're relentlessly resourceful. What if I'm not, but want to be? You say it can be taught "surprisingly often", but then in the same paragraph say people either are (latently) or are not. This seems exactly the opposite of being able to teach it... With 128bit addresses, it makes it the same size as the GUID address space, and betterexplained.com has this to say: http://betterexplained.com/articles/the-quick-guide-to-guids... "Think about how big the Internet is: Google has billions of web pages in its index. Let’s call it a trillion (10^12) for kicks. Think about every wikipedia article, every news item on CNN, every product in Amazon, every blog post from any author. We can assign a GUID for each of these documents. Now let’s say everyone on Earth gets their own copy of the internet, to keep track of their stuff. Even crazier, let’s say each person gets their own copy of the internet every second. How long can we go on? Over a billion years. Let me say that again. Each person gets a personal copy of the internet, every second, for a billion years." It feels like you're deliberately not understanding so you can have a massive row about it. Tarsnap business has money coming in from paying users, and that is enough to cover the non-human costs of servicing those users. It's not a claim of amazing success or resiliency or world-beating awesomeness, it's a statement of progress, a milestone, a reassurance that things are moving in the right direction, that tarsnap isn't wallowing in "I have users but still no income" land. Stop reading too much into it and then arguing about how much of a misleading dirty stinking lie it is. You're spoiling a positive progress report with a meaningless argument and at the same time implying cperviva is misleading/lying, and stupid/incompetent. In short, you're trolling. As I've argued everywhere I see this sort of thing, this does not validate email addresses. If I don't want you to have my email address, you'll get n.o.thanks@microsoft.com and that will fly through any shape validation, domain validation, character checks, any regex you can think of. It still wont be my email address. If people aren't giving you valid email addresses, reassess your site and consider why instead of throwing technology at the alleged problem. "The internet: Why Stephen Fry is such a wondrous thing" (I see the fryuniversity.com domain mentioned at the end of the article belongs to a domain squatter. Doh.) For more Wizardry / Hacker tales you could read Wizard's Bane (available online here: http://www.baen.com/library/rcook.htm ) a tale of a programmer transported to a world where magic exists. What happens if we extend life to, say, 150 and what we get is this long, 100-year decline into complete cognitive paralysis? We go "That's interesting, I wonder which processes are involved and how we can keep their desirable effects while removing or reversing the decline?" I'm late 20s and I do feel like I'm losing it. I feel overloaded by the infohose of 'news' I skim read every day yet mostly forget completely very quickly, lacking any rigorous understanding of significant subject(s), and facing paralysis of choice of all the things that might be worth spending 10 years studying. More weight to my decisions? I think it's more inertia and more deeply worn ruts and grooves and more deeply implanted patterns of automatically triggered response that are 'me'. Guess I'd better leave my fillings behind next time I fly. (Side: Why is it that so many people go "ooh it's neurotoxic!" and when I mention fillings they say "oh but that's different , it's a stable form of mercury mixed with {arsenic, radium, cyanide, other weird thing I don't really want embedded in my flesh}?) Soooo ... how long until people pull the SDK apart looking for indications of a new iphone with new hardware in June? Software streaming video support, the recent release of an Apple patent on a front facing camera behind the screen - are we likely to see a videophone iPhone? Does the MMS and voice notes support mean you could record a voice message and 'text' it to someone? Like the best bits of voicemail and SMS combined? Because that would be brilliant. This video from the International Academy of Oral Medicine and Toxicology - http://iaomt.org/videos/ - shows mercury vapour being released from a filling under such ordinary situations as drinking a hot drink, chewing, etc. If the point of the legalese is to have a predictable effect in court based on a previous legal interpretation, how is it fair to expect me to "read, understand and agree to" the legalese when I don't have lawyerly training to have studied all the relevant previous interpretations I am agreeing to? Apple released new iPods year on year pretty much just for storage space upgrades for a while. What could it have that couldn't be done in software? How about: More storage (always more storage), more RAM, maybe a faster CPU if they could do it without ruining existing software by running it too fast, the new more precise more responsive multi touch screen design that was demo'd on recently, a front facing camera, new radio support (e.g. 4G), reduced power consuming components (3G/bluetooth/gps processors), improved internal speaker for music/handsfree use, new WiFi standard support, more CPU features, camera flash. What about manufacturing changes? If they apply what they've done to the Macbook range to the iPhone, could they get a casing with fewer seams? Better looking? Cheaper to make? With more room for components inside? And these are just basic predictable potential improvements without going as far as a projector or an nVidia 3D card or a physical keyboard or some new never seen before innovative change. Call 10,000 people and give them each a coin. Ask them to toss it ten times. Chances are one will get ten heads in a row. This doesn't mean they have a secret you can learn, or that they can teach you how to flip ten heads in a row straight off, or that they can do it again or event that they can flip one more head. We have a world where millions of businesses were started, some are very successful - most folded - that doesn't mean the successes have a secret you can copy to copy their success. Or even a non-secret. I'm not saying business success is as random as tossing a coin, but self-selecting the successful companies to study is a very biased sample, and that doing what they do to get the results they get is not a guaranteed strategy. What is it about LASERs that make them so useful in so many domains? So there is a price, but it's secret? Sounds like the same scam as tipping to me. Get me there and I will pay/tip over the odds out of fear, guilt, social pressure. But I will try to avoid going as putting that hassle and discomfort on me doesn't make for a pleasant customer experience. Yes revolutionary - and end to typing and interpreing txt spk. What's really funny though is all the people saying "but my Sony motorola windows mobile bzjqrrZzz73000 has had this for ages" as if that mattered . Isn't this evidence that it's not the list of features that sells, but the quality of the device and the user interface to the features that matters? Not proof that the iPhone is crap because it lacks these features, but proof that it's extra good for thriving even without these features because the rest of it is so good . Sent from my iPhone. Written awkwardly on an annoying keyboard in a too small space. But I don't mind! No, you're wrong there. I feel guilt at all sorts of unreasonable things, but that's not the point - if paying "too little" is "cheating the system" then there is not only a minimum price, but also a socially set unwritten price where the people around will label me a cheat - and hiding the price from me then making me pick an acceptable price when i'm particularly weak at judging social situations is annoying. I live in the UK. The thing about tipping is that he cost of tipping is a small addition to the bill of an unknown socially set common percentage depending on place and culture which I don't enjoy guessing. But the cost of not tipping or tipping too little is incalculable and potentially completely disproportionate to the situation, and potentially long term. Hence, however much you explain the ideal of tipping being a kind of feedback, ensuring prompt service, etc. I will never not tip well, so it will never work like you idealise. There is no way to differentiate a poor tip due to bing a cheapskate, one due to misreading the socially accepted norms, an unjustified poor service complaint or a valid poor service complaint. The whole tipping system works against the customer. Just tell me you're adding a set % to the bill and if the service is no good I'll vote with my feet and not come back... Remember the scene in Monty Python's life of brian? "how much for this?" "20" "ok" "no you have to haggle - offer me ten" "how about 10?" "ten for this? Are you mad it cost me twelve!" etc. But why is that so good for telecoms signalling, precise cutting, spaceship propulsion, measurement, teleportation experiments, holding parts of highly accurate subatomic clocks, tripwire systems, optical media drives, igniting fusion reactions, pointers and targetting systems, interferometry, eye surgery, 3d scanners.. They are like many fundamental building block componenta in one. That's an acceptable "solution" from OCZ's point of view, but it's a much worse solution from my POV. In order for me to get around the simplistic marketing of MB/s, that leaves me paying 50% more or voiding the warranty. I'd rather they fought simplistic marketing with honesty rather than profiteering. Questions I've been asked today : 1) "If we have no email encryption software (which we don't), is there any reason we would not be able to receive encrypted emails from a customer?" 2) "We think someone has stolen one of our databases. Can we have a system where people have to put a password in to copy a file or print?" Officials hoard valuable money funded by taxpayers. Reddit snark aside, I'm kind of glad about this - innocent people are going to get trampled in the rush to webtwoise masses of data, it's rumoured to be happening already with allegations of robberies planned on google maps/streetview. If it's a national security issue to release details of government buildings, then isn't it a personal security issue if overhead plans of your house are suddenly massively public? Do tipping customs vary widely within the UK? _blink_. I don't know. I've been going to the same barber for a decade, but I don't know if tipping is customary for haircuts in the UK, either in cities or in small towns, or in that establishment. Maybe next time I ought to ask. It's more a concern that I'd have both hands on the keyboard and the mouse cursor somewhere unknown over several screens ... and not being able to hit undo fast enough, rather than not realising in 5 seconds. Before you go! What are you going to say at the networking event? http://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2009/03/15-second-marketing... That designer's site has thin black text on a dark blue background. It's horrible to read. If you are a programmer, you should be pissed off and outraged by anything that doesn't allow you to automate itself. Ooh, burn burn, rage rage, agreement! You must consider the opportunity cost as well - imagine yourself three months from now. You could be three months away from this mess, well towards making your $2000 back (or better), well into a new project or the same thing with a new developer and an improved contract. Or, you could still be arguing with this guy over code you don't have, a product he hasn't finished, and a price that's still rising (it's not going to go down), and even at best you wont trust the program or have anyone to maintain it. Its now almost april and hes almost finished. Call me skeptical, but... :) All technology? I guess we're back at the bottom of the Civilization advances tree, eh? Do you want triremes, maths, militia or granaries? England has ~65 millions of people. Take away all manmade technology (including buildings, tarmac, concrete) and any city would be many square miles of bare earth collapsing into holes where sewers and tunnels and underground trains once were. Within a day or two it would be many square miles of human waste, corpses, mud if it rained, and people making their way to the nearest rivers. Within a couple of weeks, significant fractions of people have starved or died of lack of medical treatment, fighting, illness from river water contaminated with sewage and corpses, etc. OK, you can drink from the river you may not get ill for a while. What can you eat but other people? City areas -> wastelands. Out in the country, farmers with easily harvested crops in season are the best off, until they get looted. With no food stores or shops, animals and current crops will be eaten quickly and that's pretty much that. Good luck surviving on hedgerow food and hunting with no experience and everyone else trying to as well. Some strong willed resourceful people in remote niches will survive (nobody could travel to them very quickly). After a few years we'll see who. Small farms, maybe some farm animals, fast growing trees coming into usable sizes. Levers, (wooden) wheels, barrows, hammers hoes, heaters, cookers, flint/stone axes, they'll be around. Maybe in short order some beach sand melting -> glass jars, glasses. The people who survive are the people who currently live with reduced technology and will be busy staying alive. What then? I don't know. A few decades to a population big enough and connected enough for mass trade, I suppose. By then a similar sort of grind up through metalwork, blacksmithing, banking, debt, economic collapse... What technology could we skip to that would hasten us through such developments? I say at least two hundred years. If we have the knowledge? If who has? Even with everyone alive today, the world's premier superpower (the USA) has recently let on that it can no longer make components of its current nuclear missile fleet. http://www.domain-b.com/aero/mil_avi/miss_muni/20090310_trid... All the replies saying "we'd know how to X" are ... optimistic. On reading the replies, I suddenly remembered this: http://www.overcomingbias.com/2007/09/planning-fallac.html My revised estimate for the time it would take to recreate all of history is approximately as long as it took the last time, plus a bit. If we can head towards magnets and wire, we could be on for an early boost from electricity and radio as an alterative to the entire postal service (much much easier than rebuilding all the roads and railway). How much useful electricity can you get from a donkey walking round in a circle driving a generator instead of milling flour? Cut ahead a few years, we can avoid the effort of roads entirely if we brush the ground flat and pick hovercraft and hot air balloons for longer distance matter movement. The last time a similar topic came up at HN, it was the "what if you time travelled back to the past" question. I didn't think of it in time for that thread, but I wanted to turn the question around: Looking back through history, if we wanted to spot a technologically advanced person appearing in the past and trying to create 'future' technology, what markers should we look for? (and ... has this happened?). You get the code without charge, but you don't get it with (legal, licensed) freedom to tinker with it, which is RMS's ongoing concern. It's incoherent rambling. Extremism. You do know who RMS is, yes? His overriding concern as an ongoing basis is that people should have the freedom to tinker with software - to be able to read, improve, share the programs we are running. He's not arguing that you're falling into a personal, small scale 'trap' like you will get your finger stuck or something, but that whole groups of people who care may not have noticed this set of events sneaking past them. Or that this is yet another area where we should care, but don't, and that should change so that if you do care, you can do something about it. No end users care. That maybe true, but it shouldn't be true. I think the majority just care if something solves their problem, rather than if its open source or not. Exactly the problem - this week I saw an end user called us up asking us to help get some information out of a program they run. Luckily, it runs on a popular database backend. Unluckily, it's proprietary closed source software and there is no documentation of what the database tables and fields mean or how they are used. They bought it because it "solved their problem". Now that lead to other problems. Problems which are both completely predictable (information stuck in artificially limited proprietary system) and avoidable (use artificial-limitation-free documented open system). And on a more general level, promote the use of such across the entire computing industry so such programs become available. Freedom. Free dom . Not cost-nothing, but without-legal-or-other-arbitrarily-imposed-limitation-on-use. Today, more than ever, we live in a world of economic reality Politician speak alert! If there existed a fair and balanced way of rewarding open source developer Buy their software. And with it, get the source code and the freedom to do whatever you like with it. http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/selling.html Difficult to read or not, there's not much point because you don't have the legal permission to change it, contribute to it, derive code from it, etc. We have the right to improve GPL'd programs with horrible documentation. That's fine. I use flashblock and adblock to block annoying flashing animated noisy colourful page disrupting ads, to block ads and ad servers tracking me and giving them power and commercial gain with no gain to me, and to stop FireFox playing noise from background tabs I can't find quickly. I don't do it to stop site owners 'making' money from me. If you can get non-annoying ads to me, and make money from me, that's brilliant. If that's all anyone did, I'd get rid of *block altogether. "label" What I mean is, with everyone who is alive today, the resources of the larger economies providing large military funding backing a program that's both important to national defence and the safety of highly dangerous weapons, with lots of smart people working on it, ways of doing things are still lost. It's a near certainty that the current ways of manufacturing steel are not what the ancients used, and even if you studied the best available guide to the ways the ancients used there would be implied and secret knowledge you wouldn't have, terms and names you wouldn't understand (or worse, seemed OK but were actually wrong). So much of what we "know" simply isn't there. Medicine? What do I know of medicine outside drug brand names? I "know" activated charcoal can help people who have ingested poisonous substances. But I don't have any understanding of how activated charcoal differs from any other kind, what it looks like, how to make it, how to administer it, or how to make or find normal charcoal or how to store it or if there are alternative poisonous kinds. Iron? Know what Iron Ore looks like or where it's likely to be found or how to refine it without using things you can buy at a shop? Not me. But there's a deeper problem than that lurking. Ok, we carved stone, put likely iron ore into our clay furnace, pumped by sewn leather bellows and got a rod of metal. Still, we have shelter, and we don't need girders, I-beams, railways, canons, ironclad ships... what are we going to do with iron exactly, anyway? What did people use iron for? Not only am I lacking knowledge of how to make things and what they were used for, but we're lacking an entire civilization within which to make use of things. When the OP asks what it would take to recreate where we are now, what does that mean? Fabric dye wouldn't be high on my list of things to work on, nor would post-it-note glue or felt, leatherette sofas or shampoo which smells of flowers and has sea cucumber in it, asbestos, pewter, even cardboard is only useful because people post things to me in it - I don't do anything with it. With no postal system and not many things, what would we want with cardboard? In fact, the core of what I probably want to recreate is some way for other people to do things I don't want to do, in exchange for me doing things I do want to do that other people will pay me for. And by the time I've tought myself to become a blacksmith or soap maker or wheelright or glassblower or died trying, then recreating where we are now no longer matters quite so much. Middle England. Reminds me of the "find pictures on flickr by drawing" site Retrievr: http://labs.systemone.at/retrievr/ Throws the markets out of whack It's important that we adjust what we do so we don't break the system that models what we are doing. /nods sagely/ Because it's better (using it has fewer steps, the interface is like other web apps, it doesn't require you to pick one of the desktop PCs as a server and tell people the IP address, and it saves as you go so anyone closing their browser will not lose work). just saying. I'm going back to Rage for a while, but I do expect Classic Doom to come fairly soon for the iPhone. For those of us with jailbroken iPhones, Classic Doom has been available for it for a while. http://code.google.com/p/iphonedoom/ The man is amazingly unbothered by things, and he writes really interesting notes, too. I started to get a sinking feeling. I searched around in the level for a view that would confirm my suspicion, and when I found a clear enough view of some angled geometry I saw the tell-tale mid-polygon affine swim in the texture as I rotated. They were using the software rasterizer on the iPhone. [..] The developers came back and said it [rewriting it for OpenGL] would take two months and exceed their budget. [..] I told them to just send the project to me and I would do it myself. [..] my off the cuff estimate of "Two days!" was optimistic, but I did get it done in four :D Doesn't it make more fun to wedge a peltier device between the outgoing warm and the incoming cold and use the generated power to light some LEDs in the shower? ... And if it's anything at all like a brain, it'll be quite bizarre. I really recommend this book - The Man Who Mistook His Wife For A Hat by Oliver Sacks ( http://www.amazon.com/Man-Who-Mistook-His-Wife/dp/0684853949 ) to change opinions of brains and people. On what grounds is using a free service without paying for it something to be looked down upon? Someone voted me down, but it's a serious question. An inherent part of the "freemium" model is the "free" bit. The point is to entice people in further. It's up to you the service offerer to make the pay service so compelling that people want to switch to it. It's completely wrongheaded to look at the people who aren't willing to pay and say they are the problem, or say or imply that they are leaching or ungrateful. You are enticing people in, if you don't have what it takes to then transform them into paying customers, and you don't want to pay for their ongoing use, then perhaps you should switch to a free-trial instead of a free service. the founder CEO can become caught up in the initial “vision” and stick to it regardless of external market input that would indicate changes to the initial value proposition are needed to capture broader market adoption This bugs me like the idea that public companies are legally obliged to maximise shareholder value. Aren't you supposed to build something you want? Build something you're passionate about? Isn't the current economic collapse and markets overflowing with a slurry of average products a symptom of companies focused on growth and money and market capture instead of doing a good job? And that bugs me. Check out Engadget.com on and off. See the churn of shite products. See how they "maximise market capture" and "shareholder value" by choosing "everyone" as their target market. See how much missed opportunity to make groundbreaking standout devices or cult niche items there is in the dreary ongoing clone wars. Since when is interrupting someone's life to shove an advert in their face considered "helping the customer", "making their life easier" or "making their experience with your company better"? All advertising email is spam, "solicited" is just a weasel-word to sugar coat the fact that you are trying to pound your company name into someone's head harder than all your competitors are doing with their name, and keeping up the status quo that this is an acceptable thing to be doing. Obviously, not all customers find this to be the greatest experience Do any customers find receiving an advert in the middle of their daily workflow the greatest experience ? A great experience of any kind? [Edit: transactional email, though, sure - make that more pleasant] Having just installed hit on windows, the feeling I got was that there is msysgit, or running it on cygwin. Msysgit's homepage feels... Precarious, like it's part abandoned. It does work, once you answer a question of which of three ways it should awkwardly integrate into your PATH, but within a cygwinesque bash shell. So yeah, functional but nowhere near as smooth and seamless as python on windows is, or as one might pick up from your comment. Having just installed hit on windows, the feeling I got was that there is msysgit, or running it on cygwin. Msysgit's homepage feels... Precarious, like it's part abandoned. It does work, once you answer a question of which of three ways it should awkwardly integrate into your PATH, but within a cygwinesque bash shell. So yeah, functional but nowhere near as smooth and seamless as python on windows is, or as one might pick up from your comment. Whenever I help someone like the entrepreneur above, I’m paying others back for helping me. A very American view of Karma - the endless paying back of an ongoing debt. How about a view of Karma as a 'virtuous circle' instead? I don't quite get why it matters. Guess, then when the drive is properly used for the first time, test, change over if required. After that, quietly stop spinning up and grinding the floppy drive when not required. See Derren Brown's "The System". You wouldn't sort out intelligent predictions from noise, you'd sort out (intelligent and/or lucky) predictions from noise. Which still wouldn't give you any idea which future predictions to trust. I was thinking about this on the way to work earlier regarding calendars, and how I don't want to choose a particular service to grace with my data, and then try to hack 'sync' to other services and devices. I came up with... Make the data the important part. Carry the data structure around with me on my device(s) of choice. Have the data accessible in a standard format - i.e. I can keep it in vCal/vCard format - or, in any format I choose as long as it has an included vCal/vCard interpretive layer. Anywhere I want to use it, it would be up to the program to read/write the appropriate format. That is, instead of a proprietary data store with export/import as afterthoughts, it would be fundamental - or so key that it would cease to exist in its own right. You don't import wood into a chisel in order to shape the wood, why must we import all of our calendar into a program in order to add an appointment? The model I was thinking of would be more like the wood carving example - you'd present a slice of your calendar to a program, which would carve it and give it back. Still plenty of details that would need working out, though. Making software free, but only for folks with enough money to buy first class hardware is an interesting concept. Of course 5 years from now that will be different, but 5 years from now everyone will be running free GNU on their 200 MIPS, 64M SPARCstation-5. I guess I should take more note when I predict things I think would be technically good ideas... And a lot more - blogger, picasa, google desktop search, google talk and voice, google mobile, docs... I don't see a way to clear cookies in Maps on the iPhone either. I suspect there's a lot more that they can infer than we would initially think, too. E.g. When you email someone at gmail, your sending ip address and (typically) real name are in the headers - no need to use google checkout to get a lot of probable matches. It scares me not because I think google are abusing it now, but that it will never be deleted no matter what happens to google management or what government gets in power - in any country they have data replicated - for the rest of our lives. That could be a long time to trust them, and it becomes more powerful the bigger the collection gets and the more we rely on the net. Don't, though, it will just make you miserable. (Do, but be prepared for a very dystopian and worryingly likely feeling future) The dominant species on earth (humans) sleep, the generally believed to be smartest animals sleep (humans, monkeys, dogs, various birds), the biggest (elephants, giraffes), the hunters (big cats), the hunted, herbivores, omnivores, the dominant type of fruit fly (in the article) sleeps. Even creatures that would drown if they went unconcious (dolphins, whales) have a kind of sleep. What, exactly, has it prohibited? I do not suggest that. I merely ask you to support your jokey suggestion that the overhead of sleep is prohibitive when it doesn't seem to have prohibited ... anything. because it's only going to be used for good , of course. ... sigh Really? I guess that's why I've never seen any http://citysegwaytours.com/ around here. But this can 'track' your contacts who merely email in to your gmail account without using any other Google things at all. The recent post by Daniel Tanner on how to be relentlessly resourceful, and Joel's long favoured essay on "smart and gets things done" seems fine when resourceful means "smile and make a couple of phonecalls", but it fails somewhere on the gradient up to where this post discusses changes at Amazon. Steve Yegge seems both 'smart' and 'gets things done', yet he wrote this post on how difficult changes can be, and how many they regularly turned away at Amazon. I think the "smart and gets things done" meme is really saying don't stop so soon. Our laws grandfather in certain accepted behaviours which would be enormously difficult to retro-fit. Can you imagine trying to get gas (petrol)-fuelled vehicles going if they weren't allowed already? Driving tankers full of explosive fuel on public roads to gas stations on every corner where it will be kept in big tanks underground and pumped by untrained people into vehicles easily up to 25 years old maintained on an ad-hoc basis... Our systems and businesses behave in the same way, too. As a startup you can get away with anything you can get away with. Had no backups for the first year? Ha ha, that was lucky, eh? Ran on a friend's server for 6 months? Left some customer details on a laptop that was stolen? Good thing you were small enough that nobody picked up on it and it made no scandal and caused no problems. Billing done mostly from one person's head? When you get bigger, you can't do that. Which means just starting a project becomes many times harder. I think we overlook this effect quite a lot on dicussions on HN, where big companies are considered slow moving because they are inefficient and bureaucratic, whereas really, a lot of said "bureaucracy" covers things we want the companies we deal with to handle properly. As Daniel's post said, as a consultant his task was to 'do the impossible'. I suspect quite a bit of this comes from being able to drop enough "important" "must have" requirements to be able to get moving again. But you can already do it yourself customer side - keep track of what you spend per category, either in a text file, spreadsheet or dedicated budgeting program (Quicken, MS Money, etc). Why does he deserve royalties? It probably took him, oh I don't know... less than two months to co-write, 22 years ago . Its usefulness is blatantly obvious , it is obviously a good idea Bleedin' isn't. (Obvious, I mean). "like a laptop but less powerful", "a netbook without the keyboard", "an iPod touch with gigantism", "a PDA that doesn't fit in your pocket", "a kindle without the high DPI screen or long battery life", "an OLPC without the low price tag or cool features". Full TabletPCs never took off. They are more expensive and have the restricted form factor. TC is betting that it's the higher cost that stopped them. I'm betting it's the restricted form factor and resultant limited usefulness. I predict TC will only sell them to the sort of person who sees a tablet, or a chumby or a clocky or any other of a dozen terrible devices on TC and comments "OMG OMG I WANT ONE". That may yet be a big enough market, so I'm not going to predict out and out failure yet. No I don't fully approve of them. That doesn't mean I want to scrap them entirely, or that I have a better replacement for them. I do think it's different - the music industry copyright covers "a song", wheras the software industry patents "a feature". If you asked a band to write you a song, there's no chance they would accidentally come out with music that sounds like Never Gonna Give You Up, the same lyrics, and a singer who sounds like Rick Astley such that someone could sue them for being a close imitation. But if you asked an isolated small development company to develop a program of significant size and ability to be useful and saleable, there's a strong chance they will include some feature somewhere that (arguably) infringes on an existing patent. e.g. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_software_patents - The patent relates to a progress bar. Filed in 1989 . Probably a new thing in 1989. Not in 1999. Certainly not in 2009. While I agree with the core of your comment - a disagreement isn't really news - your comment is two adhoms and a contentless snark, so I downvoted it. 1. Who shared or commented on an item. The search above I knew I had liked the picture, so I constrained the search to only things I’ve liked. But I didn't know Robert Scoble liked the picture, so it wouldn't help me find it. 2. How many comments or likes are on an item. Good if you happen to remember it, but also something Twitter could add - search filtering on how many @replies/retweets something got. 3. What was said in the item. You can't comment on a tweet, but you can @reply/retweet or just tweet again moments later with your comment. It's not the same as friendfeed but it's not dramatically far away. I'm not convinced it's such a big difference that twitter can't overcome it with search improvements. I keep wanting to setup a spoof clone site called http://www.domainwigeon.com "Domain Wigeon. Not the web's #1 resource for available domain names" This is the sort of thing that people who say "What are we going to use 4/8/16/... core computers for? Who needs any more computing power?" are missing. My answer - 'wasteful' things like this. Useful, but only if you have plenty of spare capacity to run them in. I followed the links to YouTube, and am still amazed how fast a water balloon bursts in slow-motion. Think how many things are happening to and in it as it bursts! I can't get a grasp on how fast the world is happening outside my humanscale senses. It's just like driving a car It's nothing like driving a car! That aside, I've heard of dasher before and tried it out on a few occasions. I like the idea, but wasn't impressed enough to use it for more than a few trials. It might have been different if it was a fully integrated keyboard on the PDA rather than a separate app. One thing about using it is that it's not fast. There is (was) no way to autocomplete a word as the iphone does - you're stuck either trundling or doing a speed-up-slow-down-whoa-whatnow dance which isn't helped by the lack of clarity of what's coming next. There are lots of letters flying about. You're faced with doors a-z and every time you go through there's another set of doors a-z, each one in a different position, size and colour to last time. I believe there is a new interface waiting to be invented that, with this language model technique, start to approach keyboard typing speeds I'm still awaiting a smartphone featuring this idea: http://www.xaphoon.com/dataegg/ (or a phone jacket/cover with it). As a human, I'm both fascinate and horrified by your reply. Why don't you go through very half thought he has to see what might be a legal problem - oh wait, you are talking about that... Also somewhat impractical - when did the USA last build a nuclear power plant? Where are they going to magic up the people with skills to build and run one? What about the fact that nuclear fuel sources are just as much a limited resource as coal or oil? What about nobody wanting one built near them? a) It's OK to burn all the coal we can extract and sod the pollution -> build more coal power plants now to use for electric cars. Burn through the coal more quickly. b) It's not OK to burn all the coal we can extract -> "200 years worth" is a meaningless statment as we have to stop using it, and the sooner the better. For that matter, I'm pretty convinced of my "radically moderate" views Of course you are. If you thought they were wrong, you wouldn't hold them as your views, would you? I do wonder if future improvements in communications technology will render the need to go to Silicon Valley moot. If FutureHN can provide both a valleyesque enthusiastic social network and a contact with investors, will the benefits of migrating to S.Valley become less important? I'd say Google have come up with 'a really sweet solution' here. Nice. I don't know htop, but if it isn't a screen-alike then consider gnu screen. Also, one of those pocket projectors might make a worthwhile consideration. One of the better stories I've read was the guy who piped the output of ping to his speakers, turned the volume up, and went around the office wiggling the token ring cable listening out for the place with the unreliable connection. Wheras books and newspapers are all completely true? Anybody can say or publish anything they want - in this sense the internet is an extension of the nonternet world, not a contrast to it. That is, her main point is irrelevant. The internet may not improve on this, but it's not unbearably worse either. I sometimes wish it was as simple as saying "this contract to be interpreted in the spirit of the following examples", and then a small summary + examples. It's bad because if you change your company to fit the enterprise software, then you can be no better (at XYZ) than any other company using the same software. No competetive advantage is possible (at least, in that area). If you can customize the software, you can try to fit it around your company's strong points. If you can write the software from scratch, you can tailor it for your company. That's the dream, anyway. A big part of it is that once you get to a system for many tens, hundreds or more people, the basic requirements are so big that there are no real choices beyond the main one or two competitors, and one will be ahead for one reason or another. Users have no voice, but that's only part of the problem - the time it would take to evaluate New Competitor C just to cover all the unspoken requirements is prohibitive. You can be pretty confident that because they claim nice sounding features and a simple interface, that's proof that they haven't been around to gain enough of the unspoken requirements - if they had, they wouldn't have nice sounding features and a simple interface anymore. Bit of a catch 22, really. Unspoken requirements in the Windows world are things like "... and has a web interface", "... works on a terminal server", "reports integrate into central management program X", "has an Outlook plugin", "tolerable support for user permissions", "incomprehensible massive logfile", and so on. Either things that a program which incorporates all of them will be cumbersomly big by necessity, and/or an established competitor for several years with a few versions under its belt. wget -r http://libe.sysinternals.com/ This will grab everything. It's not as sophisticated, but then the benefits of that script (rename commands to .bak, avoid downloading the .zip versions and index.html, etc) are small for the many extra lines of code it involves. Secondly, and more importantly, I don't want to update SysInternals tools to the latest versions. Classic Filemon and Regmon are small, run quickly, and have trivially simple and useful interfaces. Since Microsoft bought them, they are bigger, run more slowly and less usefully, have more complex slower to use interfaces, and prompt for a EULA agreement at first run on a new system. They may be technically better but they are as much worse to use as this script is than wget. They embody everything about how Microsoft can take something, improve it and make it worse at the same time. You could list any feature that's changed and I'd probably agree it's an improvement - but the end result is a program I want to use less . Drop the solar panel; meeting rooms are full of hot air - there must be enough temperature differential across the door to power a Sterling Engine or a small computer... For any westerner, moving their eyes left-right is what happens when reading, and learning and reading have been linked since, well, learning to read. Is moving the eyes from side to side enough of a mimicry of reading to prime onesself to learn things? Does the same hemispheric communication enhancement happen when reading? As reserves shrink and cost goes up, I suspect recycling will play a bigger role (I'm impressed to see Aluminium is nearly 50% recycled). This probably hasn't been a significant player before because we've never 'run out' of something so fundamental before so the pressure to make recycling happen, and the financial reward for doing so, hasn't been strong enough before. (OK, it has on the small scale - see the UK during WWII for instance, where we even cut down garden fences around the country for the metal). Also, I guess recycling is helped by improvements in technology (to extract usable pure materials from a mix), so it will become more practical in the future than it is now, which is more practical than it was 50 years ago. With electronic communication for coordination it will be more feasible than it ever has been to collect recyclables from 'everywhere', and perhaps one of the micropayment systems that have been hovering on the edge of reality for the past decade will pop into existence and become a driving force. (Maybe. Would I be less inclined to recycle something for cash value 0.001p than for the feeling of doing the right thing?). We talk about things running out, but where do they go? At some point, it might become feasible and worthwhile to go through the last 50 years of landfill sites in the first world, for instance. Unless we do develop nano-manufacturing to construct materials from scratch at scale, when this whole discussion ceases to matter so much. Agreed, and moreso why don't they have information on Hafnium? Is it a secret? Does nobody have an estimate of how much there is scattered about? Are mining companies busy digging for diamonds or copper and oops a lump of hafnium pops up ('ooh what luck, I know a power station owner who will want that!')? I do hope there's some big Hafnium mining monopoly conspiracy behind this! ;) It isn't really far off? Basic BCI is here already - the kind which is 'think of nothing to move the cursor left, focus on something to move the cursor right', but that's mostly picking up electrical activity in brain regions. It's a million miles off picking up what you want and making it happen. Impressive BCI has been done, e.g. William Dobelle's work on brain-linked-cameras for blind people, but that involves major surgery and, if I may say so without meaning any insult to his work, is still on the easy side - feeding signals into the visual cortex and let the brain learn what to do with them without needing to understand how the brain does so. To interpret anything like "send an email to John Hancock" and other general instructions, but not non-instructions, lifted from your thoughts ... Not even slightly excited about robot cars. Driving is fun, for a start! human errors make up 93% of the causes of car accidents What kind of human errors? Running out into the road in front of cars? Driving while too tired? Arguments with passengers? Not looking when changing lanes? Too busy looking for road signs to see a stopped car ahead? Driving horribly to try and go back for a missed turn? Technology could help with a lot of these problems without replacing cars altogether. Current Volvos can have a blind-spot warning system, they can ready the brakes for you as you get close to a car in front so they will react quicker, they can silence incoming phone calls when the car detects too much activity (e.g. sharp cornering) so it wont distract you. I look forward to the day when all road signs are gone and replaced with informational broadcasts that my car will interpret, and on the dashboard I get a neat summary of the current speed limit, the GPS navigation route to where I'm going, and that's about it. You also aren't clear which figures you mention are worldwide and which are USA only. Worldwide, there are countries which don't require regular car maintenance, and people drive around with tree branches instead of steering wheels, for instance. Is that kind of thing 'human error'? - LED and OLED lighting. When prices fall enough, classic bulbs, fluorescent bulbs, CFLs will be out the window. Lighting, and therefore atmosphere, will completely change. Can you imagine an office without strip lighting? With varying warm, friendly colours and intensities of low power OLED panels dotted around? Computer controlled lighting features will become common because they will be cheap and easy. Homes without a kilowatt of halogen uplighters? - The next iPhone. Even after owning one for a year, which was a year old when I got it so it was being designed three years ago or more, I still turn it over and marvel at it, at what it does, how well it does it and how good it looks and feels while doing so. It's the biggest consumer success of HCI in a long time, and that's really pleasing. They're addressing the lag when opening the SMS app, adding MMS, adding better bluetooth support, an autofocus camera, enabling and encouraging an accessory market, and twisting the arms of the mobile carriers like other handset makers haven't been. It's exciting. - Small, LED driven, no-moving-part "pocket" projectors. See: Microsoft surface and Epson's coffee table and similar. One day they wont be driven by a big expensive noisy projector hidden a few feet beneath or behind. It need not be a massive screen itself, but an improvement of today's pocket projectors - when they can do 1280x1024 at better brightness, look out basic office CRTs and LCDs. Augmented Reality Yeah! There was a recent press release from Nokia about their prototype service where you can take a picture of a poster, and it recognises the event and finds the details for you, and local showings if it's a film, etc. There's a recent video link on HN of an android/G1 app which pulls location-aware data from the web and allows you to hold your G1 up with the camera looking at the horizon, and it annotates the video feed with information about the main things you can see. Shazzam has been able to recognise currently playing music for ages, and snaptell can recognise a photo of almost any common CD, book or DVD and pull up more data. Android/the G1 has a change-behaviour-based-on-GPS-location feature. Augmented reality is here if you look for it and want it. I hope it's not too long before I can take a picture of a sign in a foreign country, and have it OCR'd and the text run through Google Translate. People who enjoy driving will have to do is in such way as to not endanger regular commuters As if the two groups don't overlap! As if the regular commuters are completely innocent and the people who enjoy driving both have and cause all the accidents! As if robocars could not and would not have any accidents! As if people who commute to work by car are forced into it and have no choice about being road users! I disagree with all four implied statements. a good half of driving accident victims did not and could not see it coming. Then why do so many other countries have fewer road deaths per hundred thousand people and also fewer road deaths per miles travelled? http://www.driveandstayalive.com/info%20section/statistics/s... See how the USA is way down in 40th position - more dense countries, countries with more dangerous driving weather, other big sparse countries, other rich countries, much poorer countries are all above the USA. Switch the table to deaths per vehicle miles travelled and the USA is still barely in the top 10. Just luck? Or better driver training so their drivers can see potential accidents coming and avoid them? I know, arguing not hacker news. But someone is wrong on the internet. It might even be me! Yawn yawn yawn. He wants Apps for his favourite Google products and social networks. How unbearably dull and unimaginative; quick quick, I need a link to the top 10 knitting patterns from 1897 to liven things up a bit! Apps (or WebApps) for the iPhone? I'd like to write one or see one that would do for cars what Shazzam does for music - photograph a car, it recognises it and tells you what it is. Bonus if it does other forms of transport and near-matches too. Totally useless, thoroughly cool. One that I've mentioned in almost every post here for ages, a service that I can take a photo, it does OCR and feeds the text into Google translate. Bonus points if it does source-language-detection. More bonus points if it is actually usable in a foreign country on real live things like signposts, menus, timetables, advertisements, book covers, leaflets, etc. How about some over-the-top cool statistics and analytics for next week's London Marathon and July's Tour de France? How about a Shazzam-alike for ambient noises? Natural stuff? Wave your phone around and it tells you which birdsong that is, photograph something and it tells you which tree has that shaped leaves, what flower or bird or insect you're looking at. Bonus points if it's in any way accurate. How about a grass-roots weather data feed? Wave your iPhone about and upload some GPS-specific current weather data to everyone's favourite mapping and mass-data crunching big brother, GOoooooooOOooogle and see if they can compete with the Meterological offices. Google Maps with satellite photo exists, why not Google Maps with live (and predicted) weather info overlay? Bonus points if there's a hardware sensor-array accessory for iPhone 3. Maybe a city or museum tour guide app - go somewhere and pay to download an audio tour. Better if it can pick up data from where you are and guide you to nearby points of interest, and has photos, videos and text too. Even better if it's not that, but this: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=492789 Some decent mesh/local networking for iPhone 3 would be brilliant as well. Imagine a megaphone where one person could speak but only other people with tuned in networked phones could hear. Cross between a a shared walkie-talkie channel and a very short range radio broadcast. Followup: This http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=492789 (How did that pass by with no votes and no replies?) I kind of agree - heck I'd still like a cellphone with good enough audio quality that I can hear most of what the other person's saying. If I could hear all of it and tell who they are from the sound of their voice that would be sweet. On the other hand, if there's any company who could make a simple, usable videophone device and make it popular, Apple can. Killer App? Doesn't feel everso likely, does it? A pocket projector and some of these http://www.senseboard.com/ Best new product of 2001? They're not quite Duke Nukem Forever yet, but small powerful battery powered PDAs are here, pocket projectors are here to sidestep the small screen/low res problem, all we need are good small portable keyboard-replacements, and where's senseboard's ideal looking product? Floating about in Vapourware unfinished probably abandoned land, that's where. :( Are you a recent startup seller not sure what to do with your newfound millions? Looking for a good cause? Reduced to blogging about learning Salsa dancing? Go give Senseboard a push, they're dead in the water! I'd like to take photos without entering my PIN (preferably take-only, not view). Maybe the past tense refers to trickjarrett's childhood. Only now? What about GMail and how they allow themselves to 'automatically' cruch through it? Google Voice and how it transcribes your voicemails? Google Translate which is trained on everything we put on the net... What sort of advantages does this have over hacking a Wii Remote? You can type - it picks up the movement of tendons in the palm and back of your hand and tracks how your fingers are moving. Those things you put on your hands just look lame The newer prototypes look more technical, less medical, and generally better. Right now you can't make a device with decent text input without a fuillsize keyboard. With this, you could. Laptops, tablets, netbooks, smartphones, handheld gaming devices could all be improved with this, if it's as good as it looks like it could be. What makes it worthy of a fan club - it's a great solution to a real problem.