Bugzilla is pretty nice. Blogs? Nobody. I pay to read the authors that I'm willing to pay for, when I buy their books. Out of the OP's list, I've bought books by Steve McConnell, Paul Graham, Ted Neward and Joel Spolsky. A nice, basic, simple (but not easy ) way is this: a. cut the gratuitously bad stuff out of your diet. Drop sodas, chips, candy, etc. If you eat fast food, get a grilled chicken sandwich and a salad instead of a double cheeseburger and fries. B. add some exercise. It doesn't have to be a lot, but what has worked well for me over the years is walking on a treadmill, and gradually upping the incline to increase the resistance as my conditioning improves; and/or increasing my speed or adding time to my sessions. You'd be amazed how much weight you can lose if you walk on a treadmill for an hour at 3.5 MPH, with the incline set all the way up, 4-5 times a week. Just be patient. Trying to lose more than 2 lbs a week is probably not a good idea, and it takes some fairly hard work (see above) to lose even 2 lbs a week. That is bloody brilliant! Love it... Most job ads I see say "Bachelors degree or equivalent experience " In those cases, definitely apply even without a degree. And even if they don't, apply anyway. A lot of time stuff gets put in job descriptions by copy & paste, or because it's common, not because it's an actual requirement. Yeah, HR might filter you out for not having a degree in some cases, but you'll get past them to the hiring manager in other cases, then you have a chance to sell yourself. 1. programming.reddit.com, Slashdot, Hacker News (Honorable mention: java.net, theserverside.com and freshmeat.net) 2. my personal library, Borders, Barnes & Noble 3. Sluggy Freelance, User Friendly, Dilbert (Honorable Mention: BOFH ) 4. TriJUG Mail List, TriLUG Mail List, saloon.javaranch.com TC demands to go first, eh? Feh... remind me to not submit anything to TC then. That's just pathetic. Mashable or CenterNetworks or any (and all) of a bazillion other blogs cover the same space to varying degrees anyway. Gen-X according to those ranges (born in 1973) but I disagree with at least some details of these definitions, if not the entire premise behind labeling "generations." For example, the Gen-X stereotype would be some lazy, self-centered kid listening to 90's grunge music, while blaming his parents generation for fucking up the world, while wearing a flannel shirt and ridiculously long sideburns. I feel pretty much nothing in common with that stereotype, fucking hate grunge music, and am far more interested in how we (my "generation" or whoever) can change the world, than in assigning blame to others. I find that it depends on what mood I'm in and what I'm trying to do. Sometimes I like metal when coding, sometimes trance or europop type stuff, and sometimes classical. And there are plenty of times when silence is best. Now excuse me while I put on some Armored Saint... On FreeNode, I auto join these channels when I bother to start my IRC client, which may or may not happen any given day. #trilug (Triangle Linux User's Group) #trijug (Triangle Java User's Group) #trilug-mtb (people in trilug who ride MTBs) #fedora #centos #asterisk #centos #openmoko #java #eclipse #spring #jboss #hibernate #ruby #erlang #prolog #lisp #ai #swig #machinelearning #openqabal OpenOffice Calc. One nice thing about OOo is that you can write scripts / extensions in pretty much any language you feel comfortable with. I think I've seen some reference to some integration between R and Calc as well, which would make Calc incredibly powerful for statistical analysis. And they're not the only ones: https://openqabal.dev.java.net/ (disclaimer: OpenQabal is a project I started). I'm pretty sure there are a few other projects out there as well, doing more or less the same thing(s). If everybody working on one of these projects could get in sync, and agree to common protocols and formats, so that they could all interoperate, it would make it that much more likely for the federated / decentralized approach to catch on. I'm not sure it'll happen though. Nobody seems to really be talking about it (yet). I agree with what a number of others have said here: Java isn't ideal for front-end web stuff, but it still has a lot of uses for low level data processing and back-end work. Also, the JVM is a great platform, and you can target it with any number of languages: Groovy, Clojure, Scala, Nice, JRuby, Jython, etc. Personally I'm using Groovy on Grails for the web front-end part(s) of my current project, and even using Groovy for some of the "backend'ish" parts just to get through the initial prototype. Grails and Groovy are amazing in terms of developer speed - compared to Java anyway. But since it's all still on the JVM, I can just drop in existing Java libraries and - if, or when - I need to, it'll be fairly easy to transition bits to Java. For my money, it's the best of both worlds at the moment. Then again, the stuff I'm doing is somewhat "enterprisey" so being on the JVM will probably actually be a selling point down the road. > Another aspect is that many cool new things are happening > in languages other than Java - they have more interesting > tools (eg. Sinatra), and more interesting energy in the > community, because they attract those crazy, eager, > young, passionate, enthusiastic early adopters. Of all the comparisons I've heard, this is one I'd say I'm dubious about. There is still a LOT of activity in the Java space, and lots of cool and interesting tools and libraries continue to be written in Java. Off the top of my head, I'd mention Lucene, Hadoop, Weka, Mahout, Tika, HornetQ, UIMA, GATE, Camel, Jackrabbit, DERI Pipes, etc., etc. This isn't too say that other languages don't also have lots of activity in tools and libraries and frameworks, but I think Java is still in pretty solid shape in this regard. Yeah, but they're all being actively developed, so I'm not sure how much it matters when the project was originated. And that was just "off the cuff" of stuff I use or am interested in. There's other stuff out there as well. Anyway, I'm not arguing that Java is the most active in this regard, just that this particular criticism - of all the ones one could level - is, in my humble opinion, relatively weak. Well, Groovy has been around longer than Clojure, IIRC, and maybe longer than Scala, or about as long. So I'd guess that quite a few Java people who were interested in alternatives got exposed to Groovy before Scala and Clojure started gaining traction. And since there are only so many hours in the day... at some point you have to start building stuff instead of just learning new languages. Also, Groovy's syntax is very Java like. In fact, Groovy is pretty close to a superset of Java, so you can often - if not always - rename a .java file to .groovy, and compile it with groovyc and run it. This makes it easy to leverage your existing knowledge of Java, while slowly working in the idiomatic Groovy. All of that said, I personally plan to learn both Scala and Clojure as well; and will probably take my Scala book to the Triangle JVM Hack Night meeting tomorrow night and spend a couple of hours poking at Scala. > The sourceforge project was registered on the 15th of may, this is not a project that has been in > mainstream development for two years. It may have been in development for two years but not with the > kind of push behind it that you need for a successful launch of a web application. Not sure what it matters how long it's been in development. If he's worked X years and gotten N amount of work done, he's still N amount of work ahead of where he'd be if he just started today, or the same day as the Diaspora guys. If that work amounts to anything, it could be a considerable advantage, if he does get some attention and gets some other people onboard. If not, he's still no worse off than if he hadn't done anything and decided to launch a new decentralized social network project today. > It looks like someone's pet project that did not gain much traction that they're trying to breathe > new life in. Yeah, I know the feeling. I started a project with similar goals a while back ( https://openqabal.dev.java.net ) but got distracted and didn't get very far with it. Now I've changed the focus of my project to something different and am restarting development, but it's kinda moved away from the Diaspora / decentralized social network thing. That said, I do think that everybody working on a decentralized social network (or any social network, really) should get together (virtually anyway) and collaborate on the underlying protocols and techniques for federation. No reason one shouldn't be able to run a Diaspora server and exchange data with a site running a $WHATEVER server (allowing for privacy restrictions, etc., which kinda kick-started this whole discussion). > Open letters are good for joe public to reach the town mayor or Ty Coon when all other avenues of trying to reach them have been exhausted. > They're not exactly the best avenue to contact the people that run a competing open source project about a possible collaboration. Agreed. > I think it matters how long they've been at it because that is how they describe other projects, as having 'too little steam' behind them. I can't really tell the difference between those other projects with too little steam behind them and this one. Well, "steam" in this regard can - IMO - come and go. You can start a project, do little or nothing to publicize it, tinker on it for a while, drop it, then restart it and you haven't really lost anything... if you step in two years later and start working on the project, committing code, doing releases, and publicizing it, I don't know that anybody will care about the "lost years." Or maybe I'm wrong, who knows? For all practical purposes, no. The last time I played any sort of computer game regularly was back in the dial-up BBS days of the mid 90's, when I played door games like Legend Of The Red Dragon fairly often. These days, I might logon to a MUD and poke around for a few minutes, or fire up adventure and play a little while, once every blue moon or so. But that's about it. That's hardly a "picking apart." He basically says "Yeah, your one example, which was basically a metaphor anyway, well, it's actually true, but well, it's not as neat as you think it is." Ok, and? Depends on if he's met Ray Kurzweil or not. From a sci-fi perspective, William Gibson writes some good stuff. Spook Country has some interesting ideas around geo-location, wireless connectivity and augmented reality. Actually, any of the cyberpunk authors might potentially be of interest to you. Outside of that, there's Ray Kurzweil... and J. Storrs Hall has written a couple of good books on nanotech and AI. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._Storrs_Hall Well, the "Unix Philosophy" is a big part of what is widely regarded as "hacker culture" so you might give this a look: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy There's also the "Hacker Ethic" to look at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_ethic And his stuff doesn't necessarily have a name, but Eric Raymond's writings have been pretty influential to a lot of hackers. http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/ There's a pile of great AI/ML content up on Youtube as well. IIT has posted two cool AI series that HN'ers might like. See: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLbMPyrw4rw&feature=PlayL... and/or http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV2k2ivttL0&feature=PlayL... I'm going through the "Behind The Wheel" series on Spanish now, and it's been interesting so far. I'm far from fluent in Spanish, but I've definitely learned a lot. One thing though... if you try to learn a foreign language, it helps a LOT if you have somebody to talk to - who is already fluent (preferably a native speaker). Without somebody to talk to, it's hard to really know how well you're doing. Stanford University put out a really good podcast series from their Entrepreneurship Corner program: http://ecorner.stanford.edu/podcasts.html If by "your company" you mean the $DAYJOB, then it's "other." My dayjob company makes an enterprise document management system that is meant to serve as a repository for all sorts of documents and reports and stuff. And since we eat our own dogfood (more or less) we use it internally. OTOH, if you mean "my startup oriented activities" then the answer is a combination of miscellaneous files scattered all over the file system on my laptop, email spread across two or three accounts, some documents in Google Documents, a Google Wave or two, and all sorts of notebooks and whiteboards full of scribbles and crap, spread around my apartment. :-) I missed the initial thread, so thanks for bringing this up. It's interesting stuff. I'd say I'm definitely an information addict. :-( I look at it as a self-correcting problem. It's a brain-dead stupid HR policy and firms that adopt brain-dead policies will eventually be beaten out by firms that don't. And yes, I am a Libertarian. :-) Are you just trying to take advantage of multiple cores on one physical box, or are you looking to spread work out over a cluster? If it's the former, JVM threads should be able to take advantage of multiple cores, IIRC. Just read Doug Lea's book on Java concurrency: http://www.awprofessional.com/bookstore/product.asp?isbn=020... If you want to go over a cluster, there are a few options. If your problem can be done in map/reduce fashion, there is Hadoop: http://hadoop.apache.org or if you want a traditional RCP styled approach (eg, MPI), there are Java bindings for MPI: http://aspen.ucs.indiana.edu/pss/HPJava/mpiJava.html In either case, Doug's homepage is a great resource: http://gee.oswego.edu/~dl/index.html and the HPJava page might be of interest as well: http://www.hpjava.org/ Well, it's not exactly a "Nobel Prize" but there is the Turing Award: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_Award The "advertising clause" is only found in the old 4-clause BSD license though (or licenses derived from the 4-clause BSD). But that style has gone out of favor, as people found the advertising clauses caused problems, such as a proliferation of required attributions (especially obnoxious in the case of "badgeware" clauses which require something displayed as part of the UI), and not being GPL compatible. But as long as you maintain the copyright notice (which is required by the vast majority of licenses) then attribution is implicit... you just have to read the code to find it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSD_licenses#4-clause_license_.... Well, that depends on what the goal is, right? If I were a MS shareholder and wanted to see them grow and profit and succeed, I'd say somebody like Ray Ozzie. But since I despise Microsoft and really don't care if they crash and burn or whatever, I'd go for somebody else for either ironic effect, comic potential, or just sheer absurdity. So my list of candidates would be: 1. Richard Stallman 2. Eric S. Raymond 3. Zed Shaw 4. Jamie Zawinski 5. Joel Spolsky 6. Darl McBride 7. Linus Torvalds 8. Paul Graham 9. Tom Siebel 10. Sir Tim Berners-Lee 11. Tony Hayward Some people argue software should be agnostic. They say it's arrogant for developers to limit features or ignore feature requests. They say software should always be as flexible as possible. We think that's bullshit. The best software has a vision. The best software takes sides. When someone uses software, they're not just looking for features, they're looking for an approach. They're looking for a vision. Decide what your vision is and run with it. Well, I, in turn, think that's bullshit. IMO, the best software conforms to the way the user works, rather than trying to force the user to work in a way that's unnatural to them. The arguments against a confusing preferences pane and the arguments for sensible defaults in no way contradict the notion of making software than is flexible enough for power users. Poor UI design (3 different places to set prefs?) is orthogonal to the issue of whether or not something should be configurable. Power Users don't matter? Maybe for certain classes of consumer applications that don't face a steep barrier to adoption in the first place. But for some apps, it's the power users who are the early adopters, who first begin using and evangelizing for the software and without whom it would never catch on in the first place. Do you really want to piss those folks off? Make the damn "advanced preferences" pane more or less hidden (ala, about:config) but document the shit out of it and make sure it's at least there for the people who do care. If you don't mind having to write test cases for thousands of permutations of possible settings, go ahead and let your customer change everything. A simple product, however, is far easier to maintain. Obviously it's not a black and white issue... at some point if you provide enough options, you've probably provided a turing complete DSL. And that's not what I'm advocating. I'm advocating making things configurable "within reason" where I'll freely concede that "within reason" is a subjective measure. And you're right about the cost, so you have to weigh that cost against the potential lost sales from not providing a given option. And you never know for 100% sure, especially since people who don't buy your product don't typically call you up and say "Hey, I didn't buy your stuff and here's why." "Silent evidence" as it were. So it's still a bit of a judgment call. I just come down on the side of being a bit more accepting of options and configurable items, than what I think the parent article is advocating. Ok, sure, you have to draw a line somewhere . Point conceded. But the position taken by the parent article seems to be pretty close to "don't make a damn thing configurable" and that is a position I think is flat wrong - for many classes of software. Then again, my interest is more in complex, multi-user, enterprise systems, where you are likely to have more varying forces at work (integration with other systems, needs of different classes of users, etc.) than something like, say, a TODO app for ones iPhone. but OP is saying that more preferences don't necessitate poor UI design This. And also that you could have the "right" number of preferences (if such a thing exists) and still have a crappy UI. IOW, UI quality and number of preferences vary independently. I have yet to see a highly complex piece of enterprise software that people actually liked to use. Honestly, I think the current state of enterprise throw everything and the kitchen sink at the problem software just demonstrates the downsides of a complex and highly configurable system. If you don’t know what people will be using it for then you can’t build a streamlined system. True, true. And that's why I find articles like the parent useful, because they do serve to remind use that we should strive for simplicity... That is, while I may largely disagree with what seems to be the "logical conclusion" of the article, I don't disagree that things should be, as they say, "as simple as possible, but no simpler." And since I am working on some "complex, enterprise software" - and being aware of how notorious this kind of stuff is for NOT being friendly and easy to use - I feel drawn to try and break that trend by making things that are both powerful and flexible, but without being confusing and difficult. It's a difficult balance to strike, and I don't claim to have all the answers, but at least acknowledging the problem and having that as a goal is a start, I think. I think there are some interesting things you can do to innovate in that space, but I'm not sure any of the ideas floating around in my head are interesting enough to help a digg/reddit competitor overtake them. My focus is on using that kind of technology "behind the firewall" as part of an organizational "knowledge management" type system. To that end, I've been working on a very reddit-like system lately... the actual code is pretty raw still, but I've been rambling about ideas on the blog a lot lately. Feel free to look it over and see if anything I've written inspires an idea. http://www.jroller.com/openqabal Off the top of my head, the main things I've got right now that reddit doesn't are: sharing links via XMPP message and tagging. I think there's also room to do a better job of recommending things. The "related items" list on reddit is - IMO - often times pretty sad. use RSS feeds as auto-submission source. That's another feature I'm planning for my "reddit like" system. But, again, I'm not aiming for something that's Web facing and deployed on Internet scale. But I'm glad to see somebody else thinks that is a good idea. Recommending feeds, or bundles of related feeds, might be interesting to do as well. I'ts hardly fair to ask to see 5 companies who have already grown from bootstrap stage to "national prominence" as a lot of the conditions that have helped create this "bootstrap friendly" environment are still fairly young. Open Source software, relatively inexpensive hosting / cloud computing, rapid development using "convention over configuration" frameworks, etc. are all part of the ecosystem that have led people to believe that you can build a technology company without outside funding. I'd argue that most everybody noticing the confluence of those forces, and starting to build a company, have not yet had time to grow their company to a large size and level of prominence. It's back? This should almost be one of his points. (I agree with his enumerated points.) Figuring out what you want from blogging or writing or anything really is half the battle. That's a great point. Half (or more) of the blog posts I write are actually more of me "thinking out loud" than anything. So they're full of stuff that you would normally look at and say "well that's rubbish." Well, it is rubbish if the goal is well-written prose designed to convey a message with some particular aesthetic sense. But if the goal is "give me an avenue to think through this problem, while potentially communicating something of value to somebody thinking about the same things, and maybe elicit a comment that helps my thinking" then what I write is (more or less) adequate. Interesting stuff. I just take melatonin ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melatonin ) personally, but I might experiment with that approach sometime. Melatonin is supposedly pretty safe, but sometimes I still feel kinda groggy in the mornings after taking it. Does it have to be a web startup? :-) How about an enterprise software startup? Anyway, my IM address is motley.crue.fan@gmail.com (XMPP/GTalk). Tapping Into Unstructured Data: http://www.amazon.com/Tapping-into-Unstructured-Data-Intelli... Mining The Talk: http://www.amazon.com/Mining-Talk-Unlocking-Unstructured-Inf... Text Mining Application Programming: http://www.amazon.com/Text-Mining-Application-Programming/dp... Introduction to Information Retrieval (available freely online): http://nlp.stanford.edu/IR-book/information-retrieval-book.h... Wow, that really sucks. I love both sites, and FM in particular has been around - and been a big part of the open source world - for what feels like forever. If Freshmeat really goes away, that feels like the end of an era. :-( That said, here's an opportunity for somebody who wants to put together a new clone site... Maybe featuring the best parts of Freshmeat + Ohloh? Wouldn't people who are already founders / co-founders probably be too busy to take on any other projects? Or do you mean "has been a founder in the past" as opposed to "currently in the middle of founding something?" Ah, gotcha. That makes a lot more sense! That's good stuff, thanks for sharing! When you approach things from an engineering perspective, it is appealing to lock yourself away and "just hack," that's for sure. In fact, I've been doing a lot of that myself, and just a couple of nights ago somebody on IRC was sorta-kinda calling me out on not having other people involved. So I guess I can say - to some extent - "I feel your pain." One thing though: Get feedback where you can; talk database schema with the DBA in the break room at your day job while he’s refilling his coffee; share your ongoing startup problems with family and friends who’ve launched businesses before; join online news groups and connect with other people familiar with your problem domain; just stay in contact. I 99.9% agree with that. The .1 percent is the part of me that's reluctant to talk too much about startup ambitions around the day-job. Depending on the circumstances, your relationship with your employer, any binding legal agreements, etc., you might or might not want your day-job people being too aware of what you're doing in the startup realm. one repeat founder can create a great MVP in a month by locking himself in a closet. But can he create a startup by himself? A viable one? Sure, he's got a better chance if it's his 2nd or 3rd or nth time around... but even so, you have to have feedback at some point... you probably can't literally (except in rare cases) be a true "one person startup." Even if the other people aren't founders there are still most likely going to be other people involved. I hear ya, bro. I turn 37 in about a month as well. Lately I definitely hear the clock ticking, and I'm feeling a sense of urgency I never had before. Whoah. I bought that book quite a long time ago and never got around to reading it. Thanks for reminding me, it's probably about time to pull it off the shelf and read it. 3. It is better to be first in the mind than to be first in the marketplace. Need more context to understand exactly what point this is making. This is either very insightful or just plain weird. 4. Marketing is not a battle of products, it's a battle of perceptions. Yeah, absolutely. See OS/2 vs. Windows 3.x 5. The most powerful concept in marketing is owning a word in the prospect's mind. This may be the most valuable one of all. When you create default mental associations, so that people make decisions on instinct without even considering alternatives, or at least make your brand the "default choice unless there's a compelling reason otherwise" then you're in good shape. 6. Two companies cannot own the same word in the prospect's mind. Interesting point. Clickable link: https://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AmQExXr67OcTdDBZZl9... There's a fairly compelling argument to be made for hiring (somewhat) older folks that goes something like this (attribution: cribbed from Donnie Deutsch): "Hire 30-somethings who haven't done anything yet. They're hungry to take that step to the 'next level' and prove themselves." He's talking about hiring people with talent of course; but people who haven't - yet - taken that big leap to really go to the next level success wise. I think there's something to that. Speaking as a 36 year old who feels like he hasn't reached "the next level" himself, it rings true to me. Gnarly! Have you put much effort into publicizing the app yet? I had not heard of it until now, but think you've got something very nice there. Hope it gets plenty of attention, as this kind of thing sorta needs the "network effect" to be truly useful. Absolutely. But now's different... and someone who's programmed in C since the 90s is going to be really upset when they sign up for a startup and they're coding in Ruby. For the sake of argument, let's assume that "Ruby" in that sentence is a proxy for any of the "newish" langauges that are out there. If we can go with that assumption... Well, let' see; as somebody who started programming in the 90's with C and C++, I would say that your assertion is simply not true. Maybe some people are dinosaurs and don't change with the times, but I made the switch from (primarily) C/C++ to (primarily) Java about 2002, and started dabbling in Erlang and Ruby about 2008, and am doing a lot of work in Groovy now, while spending some time learning Scala and Clojure. (Speaking of which, there's a TriJVM Hack Night tonight, for anybody in the RTP area! http://www.meetup.com/TriJVM/calendar/13771811/ ) And I've written some Python and Ruby as well. So no - based on my experience (and observations of colleagues about my age) I don't think it holds that somebody who was doing C/C++ in the 90's is necessarily a fossil who won't be interested in doing Ruby (or whatever). To be fair though, I was just starting in programming in the 90's, so I may be younger than whatever stereotypical character you had in mind by saying that. I still think it's dangerous to generalize in this fashion though. If you have to ask "Where's RTP" then you're probably too far away to participate anyway... but for the people who don't know about RTP already: It's Research Triangle Park, an area in North Carolina, roughly bounded by the cities of Raleigh, Durham and Chapel Hill. Or, by the universities of UNC-Chapel Hill, Duke, and North Carolina State, if you'd rather look at it that way. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Research_Triangle_Park I'm actually working in Morrisville during the day these days, so I'd be down with either M'ville or Brier Creek. I actually know a spot that might make a good venue, that's in M'ville not far from my office. I'll give them a call and see if it's suitable, and maybe try to line something up. I just came back from lunch with a guy that I consider an informal "advisor" and who I hope may agree to join my advisory board later. We met at a LinkedIn themed networking event, aka "LinkedIn Live." Not sure if those happen all over or not, but here in the Raleigh area, there's a guy who hosts a networking event about once a quarter that's targeted at people in this area who are connected to each other, through him, on LinkedIn. I find those kind of events valuable, but you have to separate a lot of chaff from the wheat, ya know. That is, in a given night, you might meet 70 people and collect 50 business cards, but maybe only one or two of those people will actually offer any kind of mutually beneficial connection in the future. As for LinkedIn itself, yeah, I occasionally get cold contacts from people who said "I saw your profile, looks like you're interested in some of the same stuff I am, let's meet" or "Looks like you're an entrepreneur, I like meeting people like that, let's grab coffee." Some of those connections have been some of the more interesting / useful ones I've made, to be honest. Other thoughts: leverage former co-workers or classmates. Want to meet a professor who teaches a certain topic, because you think he might have useful info or be a potential advisor? Maybe a coworker graduated from that school and knows him/her. Don't be shy about calling around and asking people. Maintain a big list of connections, even if they're "weak ties" Weak ties can be very useful: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interpersonal_ties#Weak_tie_hyp... Also, Barcamp or similar events. If your town doesn't have a HN Meetup / Open Coffee Club or something similar, start one. If there is one, join it and attend. Join "business development" related Meetups on Meetup.com, if there are any near you. There's potential to meet people all over the place, look around. Does a local community college or university offer free seminars for entrepreneurs? Attend those, even if the content isn't all that interesting, just to meet the other people. Go to a Startup Weekend. Hang out in the "business" section at Barnes & Noble or Borders and strike up conversations with random people. If you see somebody reading an interesting book in the cafe at Barnes & Noble or Borders, strike up a conversation. Edit: another thought on LinkedIn. Use it to find and connect with people from former employers, who worked in different departments, even if you didn't know them well. In my experience, most people will accept link requests if you actually worked at the same company at the same time, even if they don't really know you on a deep level. So, if you are, say, a techie, and looking to make some biz dev connections... go back to a former employer, link with the marketing / biz dev / sales people from there, and message them and arrange to meet for coffee or drinks or what-have-you. Even if they can't help you themselves, the'll likely have other contacts they can refer you to. Yes maybe you can find advisers with your best interests at heart by ferociously networking. But in my experience it's a long shot. Why is some (essentially random) guy with lots of experience gonna help you for free? Ego. When you tell somebody "I value your opinion and want your feedback" it's an ego boost. Everybody likes to feel valued, and everybody like to talk and give their opinion. Look at us, just now, answering this question. We're not getting paid for this, right? And some people simply like helping other people, for whatever reason. Maybe somebody loaned them a hand when they were first starting out, and now they feel a need to reciprocate by helping others. Maybe there's no such thing as pure altruism, but there are people who derive pleasure from helping others and sharing information and advice. Finally, you can always offer equity in your startup. Some reading I've been doing lately suggests that it's normal to offer a small chunk of equity n exchange for a more formal relationship / commitment from an advisor. Edit: and re our discussion here, on this thread: a couple of passing minutes to spit out a comment is not exactly in them same league as committing to being a company's adviser. Well clearly there are degrees of commitment. I think you might be surprised how much people are willing to help, for free. But, as I said, there may come a point where you have to compensate an advisor if you want a certain level of commitment. But for startups, depending on exactly how much you're asking of your advisors, you may be able to simply give them a fairly small equity stake, in exchange for their help. This is only going to happen if there is some personal connection. Well, yeah. Of course. But you have to meet somehow and form the initial connection, in order for that deeper connection to grow. Maybe your advisor becomes somebody you met while networking 3 years ago (of course, pointing that out probably isn't helping the OP much) and formed a friendship with. If you're a busy geek, invest in a crock pot. Crock pots make cooking pretty simple... and if you're single (and not scared to leave an appliance turned on while you're gone to work during the day) you can coordinate it so that you have a nice, hot, freshly cooked meal waiting for you when you come home, no significant-other required. (Or "your mom" or a paid chef, or whoever else would cook for you if you didn't do it.) Just fix up the ingredients the night before, and put everything in the refrigerator. Morning comes, just pour the "stuff" into the crock pot and turn it on the "slow" setting and head out. Come home approx 8 hours later and bob's your uncle. There are plenty of good books available with piles of slow-cooker recipes as well, and I'm sure you can find plenty on the 'net. Seriously, give it a try. Most of the answers you'll probably get are pretty cliched, but that's OK... they're popular answers for a reason. So, might as well get it out of the way: Figure out what you like doing, and find ways to spend more time doing that. Ok, that said... in real-life, sometimes we have conflicting desires and tradeoffs have to be made. If I like doing "X" and "B" but "B" pays way better, and I also want "Y" which requires money, then maybe "B" is the better choice, even if I actually like "X" a little more. Or not. The point is, there are no perfect decisions... life is a series of trade-offs, learning experiences and opportunities to re-evaluate things. If I have any useful advise to give, I'd say something like: 1. Above all, stay true to yourself vis-a-vis principles and values. Don't compromise on who you are or what you believe in, just to make a buck or whatever. 2. Try to avoid decisions that lock you too firmly onto one path. While it's true - after a fashion - that it's "never too late to $FOO", inertia and lock-in are powerful forces. Sometimes you have to pick, jobs, locations to live, significant others, etc., but try to always keep an eye towards keeping your options open. 3. All of that said, read "Hero With A Thousand Faces" by Joseph Campbell. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hero_with_a_Thousand_Faces Watch the movie "Vision Quest" Think about what you want your purpose, your quest, your defining goal to be. Pursue it whole-heartedly. Watch that old Kevin Costner movie "Tin Cup" as well. It's silly, but there's some great wisdom there. 4. Realize that the old saw about "Winners never quit and Quitters never win" is true but represents a double-edged sword of sorts. Read "Moby Dick" and imagine Captain Ahab muttering to himself "Winners never quit, winners never quit..." There's a fine line between determination and obsession. Unfortunately you might not recognize it until you cross it. Some lessons you just have to learn through experience. 5. On the sexual frustration thing... I'm hesitant to say this, because it can open a big can of worms for some people and lead to more obsession, but... If you're not good at connecting with women, there is useful knowledge to be found in the "PUA community" (or "Seduction Community" if you like). There's a lot of BS as well, but some people do gain from getting involved in that. http://www.fastseduction.com Ok, here we go. RTP Hackers & Founders / Open Coffee Club Meetup formed. See: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/ For those of you who expressed interest ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1440313 ) in an RTP area meetup for "us" types, here ya go. First meetup isn't scheduled yet, we'll do it once a few people join the group. Please help spread the word... Java's not actually a bad choice, considering some of the tools that are available. Hadoop[1], HBase[2], etc. Depending on what you are trying to accomplish of course, you could also include Lucene[3], Solr[4], Mahout[5] and Weka[6] in that list. Of course cool Java libraries don't mean you have to work in Java. Scala[7] seems to be gaining quite a bit of momentum, as does Clojure[8]. From your reading list, it sounds like you may be interested in predictive analysis, machine learning, etc. If so, Python[9] is pretty popular in those circles and has some nice libraries available as well[10]. And you can do neat things like use a Hadoop cluster for map/reduce processing, even if you have a client written in Python (or whatever)[11]. Of course Map/Reduce[12] isn't the only distributed processing model out there. You might want to learn MPI[13] then explore the MPI bindings that are available for many (most?) languages, and look at other models of distributed / parallel computing. Anyway, to summarize, I'd say that if you already know one or more of Java, Python, C, C++ or Scala, you're in good shape. If not, some combination of the above should fit the bill. And yes, R might be handy as well. Not to take anything away from Erlang, Haskell, Forth, Factor, Scheme, Lisp, OCaml, Perl, or any other language of course. I'm just not as familiar with those so I can't say much about them. 1. http://hadoop.apache.org/core/ 2. http://hbase.apache.org/ 3. http://lucene.apache.org/java/docs/ 4. http://lucene.apache.org/solr/ 5. http://mahout.apache.org/ 6. http://www.cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/ 7. http://www.scala-lang.org/ 8. http://clojure.org/ 9. http://www.python.org/ 10. http://www.google.com/search?q=python+machine+learning 11. http://www.michael-noll.com/wiki/Writing_An_Hadoop_MapReduce... 12. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MapReduce 13. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_Passing_Interface You're probably quite right. I didn't give Clojure a stronger endorsement only because I don't know it very well yet myself... I'm just starting with it. I wasn't aware of either Incanter or Cascalog, for example, until you mentioned them. We have a Hackers & Founders / Open Coffee Club going in the RTP, NC area now as well: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/ It's a case of misplaced metrics. I can't find the name of the paper or the researcher, but I believe it's been shown that when you try to reward/punish some metric of productivity, invariably the employees will begin to maximize that metric, perhaps at the expense of productivity. You may be thinking of the Hawthorne Effect. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawthorne_effect It's a lot of stuff, measured in man years of effort over the lifetime of a software project as big as Firefox. And they can eliminate it all with a simple executive decision. They can eliminate 100% of their codebase, 100% of their bugs, and 100% of their support issues with a "simple executive decision" as well. So what? If you're going to build and distribute any kind of tool, you have to strike the right balance between the issues of flexibility, performance, ease of use, etc. But saying "strip out choices as a wholesale maneuver" is not even striving for balance. The only positive thing I can say about this mindset is that, since so much software is open source these days, at least forks can be created when products err too far on one side or the other of one of these lines. But is all that duplicated effort really benefiting the community? If you just want the knowledge, then quit worrying about this. It doesn't matter if you go to Miskatonic University or Stanford. If you're worried about getting a job... I say quit worrying about it anyway. Yeah, sure, there are some managers out there who have the mindset "I won't talk to you unless you went to Stanford or CMU or MIT." Most normal people, on the other hand, realize that the name of the university you attended is a pretty weak indicator, if it's an indicator of anything at all. If you're legitimately good at what you do, it'll show. And it won't matter one bit where you went to school, for 99% of employers. (disclaimer: 73.2% of all statistics are made up on the spot. The point still stands though, IMO.) Also, ask yourself if you want to work with the kind of pretentious snobs who spend their time worrying about shallow symbols of status as opposed to worrying about things that really matter. Likewise, as a former Lulu employee, I'm happy to see them getting positive mentions. They aren't perfect and their offerings have warts (like everybody) but by and large, they have a very nice offering. I wrote something like this for myself a while back, then stuck it up on GitHub. Its written in Java and generates all sorts of "user" related data. Addresses, emails, etc. Can also generate social-graph connections between the generated users. DummyDataGenerator: http://github.com/mindcrime/dummydatagenerator The most obvious thing is that they don't do enough to help you filter the wheat from the chaff. The sheer volume of news that's available is too much for anybody to consume... it is almost literally like trying to drink from a firehose. So our readers need to do a better job of helping us figure out which stories are relevant/interesting to us, give us ways to skim and summarize without reading the whole article, filter out "dupes", etc. Bummer. They managed to uphold Bilski without actually accomplishing anything. Well... without accomplishing much anyway. Maybe this decision will help every so slightly in terms of establishing more firmly that an "abstract idea" can't be patented, but I why wouldn't they have taken a firmer stand... especially one that would have effectively eliminated software and business method patents? What I really want is a decent fucking co-founder who can show up at 9 (or 10 AM if he absolutely needs an extra hour of sleep) and be a professional. Does any one have an idea on how to motivate him to do this? Honestly, I think you're as much at fault as he is. First, if you wanted to dictate each others hours, you should have made an agreement about that before hand. Sounds like you assumed he would keep to your schedule and he had different ideas. That's a communication problem that should have been resolved earlier, but wasn't. That said, there's nothing unprofessional about him showing up at 10:00 or 11:00 or 12:00 or whenever.. AS LONG AS: 1. He's pulling his share as far as delivering results. 2. His physical presence in the office isn't specifically needed for something, such as a meeting. If there's a meeting or something on the schedule and he shows up late, then yes, that is unprofessional. But if he's meant to just show up and sit in a cube|office and write code, it really doesn't matter. You're acting as though your personal standards for professionalism and punctuality are somehow objectively "the truth" and should apply universally. Guess what.. you're wrong. You can't just impose your standards and your will on everybody around you. Sounds like you guys really just need to sit down and talk, maybe with a mediator of some sort (nothing official probably, maybe just a trusted 3rd party or advisor) and see it you can reach a mutually acceptable agreement. Well, it can help you, but it's not "self-help." Just a lot of information on how persuasion works and how to influence people. It's considered one of the classics in that area and is - IMO - definitely worth a read. Exactly. It still hasn't come completely to pass, but Om Malik made a good point about social networks being "Just a feature." http://gigaom.com/2007/02/05/are-social-networks-just-a-feat... Eventually "social networking" like features will be ubiquitous and your social graph will be federated across many different sites using standard protocols. Facebook won't be anything special, but just another portal (view) into your social network experience. Unless they try to remain a "walled garden" in which case they'll be nothing, eventually. I only beseech your wisdom about what mistakes/naivetes I'll incur in my twenties Strangely enough, a lot of the things you look back on as being "silly" from high-school, really aren't. From a certain point of view. You can only truly live in "the now" and what seems important right now, really is what's important right now. Not to sound fatalistic, but we're not guaranteed anything, not even to wake up tomorrow. That said, probably the biggest thing I look back on my twenties and think "I was wrong about this" about is this: When I was in my twenties, I had no conception of just how short life is, and how quickly some opportunities can vanish. So I was too patient. I believed "patience is a virtue" (and in some ways it is) but I was probably too patient, too willing to take my time and "wait for things to develop." In retrospect, there are times when being more aggressive and forcing the issue is called for. Like Bon Jovi sang: Luck, it ain't enough, you gotta make your own breaks. It's my life. It's now or never. I ain't going to live forever. I just want to live while I'm alive ... Sometimes you really have to say "fuck it, I'm making this shit happen and I ain't waiting." The kicker is, there are still times when patience IS a virtue. The tough part is telling the difference. So if I had any advice for 20-something, it would be to think long and hard about situations and opportunities, do some "scenario analysis" and really consider when it's necessary to go balls out and go for broke and be aggressive. I wish I could say there's an easy way to tell the difference, but even now at 37, I still don't know for sure. But at least be aware... You can't always just wait, wait, wait. - Stick to a daily exercise routine at all costs Yes, absolutely this. I can't reiterate that strongly enough. Do NOT make the mistake of letting your fitness go by the wayside. The older you get the harder it is to maintain (or increase) your fitness level... and if you spend a decade sitting on your bum eating chips and getting fat, it's a royal pain to get back into shape. Don't ask me how I know this. :-) Am I the only one who really doesn't give a shit about FourSquare or any of these "checkin" services? The whole thing seems stupid and strikes me as a total waste of time. Is there anything actually to this? If I'm missing something, somebody please enlighten me... I've always thought of being a Hacker as more of a mindset than a badge of accomplishment. There are famous or great Hackers, like Linus or Stallman or whoever, but I've always thought of anybody who codes and has a passion for exploring new things, learning, pushing the boundaries, optimization, novel techniques, etc. as a Hacker. And of course that's only within the context of writing software. The "hacker mentality" is really independent of coding. As far as I'm concerned, you can "hack" any sort of system, so there's no reason there couldn't be "hacker lawyers,"hacker librarians," "hacker doctors," etc. Well, you could try. But you'd be fighting a lot of history and inertia. The "Hacker Subculture" has been around for quite a while and that usage of the word is pretty commonplace. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_%28programmer_subculture... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hackers:_Heroes_of_the_Computer... Yeah, but that's not exactly "stretching it's capabilities." Ultimately labels are just conveniences. Anybody can call themselves a Hacker if they want to, even if they don't even know Ctrl+S. But the rest of the world is free to acknowledge or ignore their self-label. Personally I'm quite happy with that state of affairs. The last thing I'd want is a Bureau of Hackers that you have to fill out 3 forms, in triplicate and pay a "filing fee" to every year, in order to be called a Hacker. :-) My ideas about how our legal system should change are pretty radical (anarcho-capitalist / libertarian here), so it's hard to say just one simple law without making it either something that sounds glib, or something that I actually consider fairly insignificant. That said... As long as we have our more-or-less current government, I'd say maybe more term-limits at all levels of government. Something to try and prevent the existence of "career politicians." I'd like to cycle these folks through quick enough that they don't have time to become totally corrupt. Edit: Oh, wait, here's one I'd like to go with that could actually help. Require judges to inform all juries of their right to nullify based on finding the law invalid, regardless of the facts. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification I flag (some) political stories, not because they disagree with my worldview, but because the guidelines say they're offtopic. If people want to talk politics, there are plenty of forums for that. /r/politics on reddit being a good example. But I don't flag something just because it's political. If there's something about it that makes it seem like it would be of particular interest to HN readers, I leave it be. Well, I'm reading / writing this using Chrome 6.0.447.0 dev, and the Firefox that's installed on this box is the FF4 beta candidate... so yeah, I guess I try to stay fairly close to the bleeding edge. What if he just uses aggregators and doesn't really follow individual blogs? That's what I've drifted towards recently... I couldn't name 1 blog I follow specifically, much less 10. But if you wanted to know the top 10 aggregator sites, it'd be something like: 1. http://news.ycombinator.com 2. http://programming.reddit.com 3. http://machinelearning.reddit.com 4. http://artificial.reddit.com 5. http://www.slashdot.org 6. http://planet.trilug.org 7. http://datasets.reddit.com 8. http://compsci.reddit.com 9. http://sysor.reddit.com 10. http://economics.reddit.com What would one deduce from that? I'd like to get your feedback on how good you are with women, since I'm working on a solution for this problem many men have What kind of solution do you have in mind? Are you aware of all of the thought that has gone into this area via the "seduction community?" I was the stereotypical nerdy/geeky kid growing up and was always really shy when it came to talking to women and have not had a tremendous amount of success in that regard. But the lessons I learned from the seduction community / PUA community have made a big difference for me. I still wouldn't call myself good with women, but better than I was. I won't even take a stab at quantifying that though... the whole thing is just a bit too nebulous, IMO. I have a friend / former co-worker whose sister is a graphics design student. She (the sister) created the last logo I needed, and I'll probably go back to her in the future. It's taken me a long time, but I have successfully gone from being extremely shy and introverted to a state where I'm fairly outgoing and can converse /mingle with strangers with relative ease. I'm still not the best when it comes to dealing with girls, but I think that's as much because I'm simply a quirky, geeky guy at heart, as any residual shyness. I do approach attractive women in bars and clubs, or bookstores, or cafes, or at the grocery store, and talk to them, and sometimes get their phonenumbers and later go out with them. So yeah, it can be done, if that's what you're wondering. Don't expect miracles overnight though. Just keep working at it, and take any "small victories" you can get. Something that is somewhat effective is to go to a mall and walk into all sorts of retail stores and talk to the sales people... they're basically paid to be nice to you, so unless you're so socially awkward that you say something totally inappropriate, or unless you smell funny, or something, you should be able to chit-chat for at least a few minutes. Just keep doing that and over time you'll find it easier and easier. Talking to guys is important too. The stuff on fastseduction.com is good, but don't forget that you'll want to be able to be sociable with everybody, guys and girls. That has all sorts of applications... the more comfortable you are making small-talk and shooting the breeze with other guys, the easier it will be to meet girls. Sounds counter-intuitive, but trust me, it's true. If you really want to experiment a bit, you can try something that Ross Jeffries suggests. The idea is to try to start a conversation in a way that should get you rejected and totally blown off... it's conditioning to get used to the idea that talking to people is just a game and really no big deal. It goes something like this... go to the mall, walk around, and approach somebody and go "Excuse me, my name is Manny the Martian... what's your favorite flavor of bowling ball?" There are also a lot of good books on how to make small-talk and how to deal with people. You'll usually find them in the "self-help" section at a bookstore. Something like "How to Win Friends and Influence People" would probably be useful to you. But yeah, unless you have some serious deep-rooted psychological mumbo-jumbo going on, simply going out and putting some effort into talking to people should help, eventually. Oh, one last thing... make it a point to keep up with what's going on in the world, so you'll have stuff to talk about and so you'll understand comments other people make. As stupid as it sounds, a quick brush through and issue of Star or People every now and then isn't a bad idea, just to know a little "celebrity gossip." I don't mean get addicted to following that crap, but at least have a vague notion of what people mean if they say "So, what about that thing with Brad and Jen?" or whatever. Maybe check the headlines on Google News or a local newspaper before going out as well. If you carry a smartphone with 'net access, just check the news while you're out and if there's an interesting headline, there's your conversation opener. "Hey, did you guys see this... BP's CEO was found hung in his home last night!!" or whatever. Hosting: Slicehost, Amazon AWS (EC2), Time Warner Cable (a couple of servers sitting in the spare room in my apartment) And, er, um, that's about it right now. We're really not far along enough to need much more. Construction crew on a group building a golf course. One day my job was - literally - to walk around and pick up rocks and sticks and what-not. In the 98 degree heat and sweltering humidity of NC in the summertime... with no shade to be found. For not much more than minimum wage. Outside of that, my dad was in the logging business when I was a kid, so I worked summers during high-school helping him cut down trees and load them onto a truck to haul to the paper mill. That was more being outside, doing hard physical labor, in NC, in the summertime. And I'm not even sure I got paid, now that I think about it... :-) Well... I took the entire week off from my day job, so I could work on my startup project. Some background: My stuff is all open-source, and I'd been working on it under a name that I'd picked out 2+ years ago. But development had kinda stalled out a while back, and I'd never aggressively promoted the project and tried to solicit much outside help. So I started working on it hard again earlier this year, but changed directions fairly substantially. Switched to coding in Groovy/Grails at the same time, and have made tremendous progress. What I've done this week: 1. Write a pile of Groovy code, making fixes and tweaks to the actual project. 2. Renamed the open-source project, and started moving the development from java.net to a combination of Google Code and GitHub. 3. Spun up two new slices at Slicehost, and started building two new servers: One for infrastructure "stuff" (Bugzilla, Hudson, etc.) and one for a demo site where the public demo will live. 4. Started working on the "Community" section of my company website, which will contain information about the open-source side of things. I'm setting up something similar to the what JBoss has; with their site divided into "JBoss.com" and "JBoss.org" where the .org site is aimed towards developers and users of the open-source code 5. Need to rewrite all of the copy on the company website to reflect the new focus. I'm basically reusing a company name and domain I'd setup to use for doing consulting / freelance development... so the website talks about all of that, instead of the product I'm working on. The goal is to have all of the code moved to Google Code / GitHub, have the public demo up and running, have Bugzilla installed and setup, and have all the new website copy done, before I go back to work on Monday. Screenshots: http://imgur.com/mR50F.png http://imgur.com/kcfL2.png http://imgur.com/dOo8L.png I don't believe in any sort of anthropomorphic "God" that actively manipulates human affairs and is responsible for creating the universe, etc. Now if you want to use "God" as a sort of label for some vague concept of "whatever we don't know, and will probably never know, about how the universe came to be, and why the laws of physics are what they are" etc., then sure, talk about "God" all you want. Personally it's not something I find to be particularly relevant to my day to day life. Why do I believe this? Because incredible claims require incredible proof, and I haven't seen any proof for any of the claims about deities that various religions make, that don't have a better answer rooted in scientific knowledge. And while I don't hold science to be perfect, I find it more credible because science makes testable predictions, whose results have allowed us to manipulate the world we live in, in tangible ways. See: electricity, automobiles, jet airplanes, cruise ships, etc., etc. when we heard this story we had to look it to remember it so we included the Wikipedia link That reads kinda confusingly. Honestly, I'd lean towards just taking that bit out altogether, to me it interrupts the flow of the story you're trying to tell. I wholeheartedly agree with the sentiments expressed in this post, but I'm not sure it's on-topic for HN. If it gets killed here though, I hope it finds wide circulation elsewhere. People need to see this stuff. Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell Brave New World - Aldous Huxley Fahrenheit 451 - Ray Bradbury The Fountainhead - Ayn Rand Foundation Trilogy -Isaac Asimov The Game: Penetrating The Secret Society of Pickup Artists - Neil Strauss The Law - Frédéric Bastiat Thus Spoke Zarathustra - Friedrich Nietzsche The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress - Robert Heinlein Cyberpunk: Outlaws and Hackers on the Computer Frontier - Katie Hafner & John Markoff It's Not How Good You Are, Its How Good You Want to Be: The World's Best Selling Book - Paul Arden Are ones that stand out. I'm sure a lot of other books helped shape my worldview though, especially ones I read as a kid. The "Tom Swift Jr." adventures, the "Three Investigators" stories, the "Nancy Drew" and "The Hardy Boys" ones, and those "Encyclopedia Brown" books all stand out in my memory as probably being influential. And later in life, I'd say Dean Koontz' work has had something of an impact. I'm reading this now. Things like this remind me of why I love the Internet. So much great knowledge, freely available for everyone. It boggles the imagination sometimes. Also, another book that some HN'ers might find interesting is this one: Information Theory, Inference, and Learning Algorithms: http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/itprnn/book.html Why would that hold any weight at all? How do you prove you didn't just mail yourself an empty, unsealed envelope, into which you inserted the contents later... possibly even today? Buzz and Wave both still have potential though. For me, if they would just roll out a standalone Buzz site that lets me view Buzz's and post without going into my GMail inbox, I'd use it a lot more. But having to go through GMail just feels incredibly clunk. Wave also has tons of potential, but they need to do a better job of explaining to people what it's useful for. And as somebody else pointed out, a better UI would be nice as well. Using Wave is still confusing to people who are used to different metaphors. My startup office looks exactly like my living room for some strange reason. Part of it also looks exactly like the spare bedroom in my apartment. And the "break room" looks just like my kitchen. Weird, huh? All joking aside, my spare bedroom doubles as my office/lab/library, but I do most of my work in the living room. Right now there's a gaming chair sitting in the middle of the floor, in front of the TV, and there are stacks of books off the the left, another stack of books on my right, a big pile of magazines behind that stack of books, and behind me is the dinner table, which is doubling as a repository for more books, magazines. notebooks, scraps of paper, etc. On the walls around me are a total five big whiteboards, and in the corner is one of those cheap metal & fiberboard tables, with a pile of PC hardware (some in use, some waiting to be used, and some waiting to be thrown out) on it. In the other corner is a big pile of old Sun boxes, most of which I should probably just pitch in the bin, since I'm probably never going to use them at this point. Cloud Computing, ya know? Slicehost / Linode / EC2 have kinda removed my need to keep a lot of physical hardware around. Oh, and there are two mountain bikes and a BMX bike in another corner of the room, taking up space. That's my world these days.... computers, books, magazines and bicycles. And notebooks, lots of notebooks... I still like to brainstorm on paper a lot of times. One of those artist style notebooks (blank/unlined paper), a drafting pencil and a box of colored pencils and I'm set. I'm still not the world's foremost expert, but what I do know I've learned through a combination of trial and error, reading books (I'll edit this later and put in a couple of specific titles), reading stuff on the 'Net and classes I took in school (I did a degree in "High Performance Computing" which had some useful aspects to it). A good place to start, if you're not already familiar with it, is High Scalability: http://highscalability.com/ Edit: book recommendations: Scalable Internet Architectures - http://www.amazon.com/Scalable-Internet-Architectures-Theo-S... Linux Clustering - Building and Maintaining Linux Clusters - http://www.amazon.com/Linux-Clustering-Building-Maintaining-... High Performance Linux Clusters - http://www.amazon.com/Performance-Clusters-OpenMosix-Nutshel... Linux Enterprise Cluster - http://www.amazon.com/Linux-Enterprise-Cluster-Available-Com... Java Message Service - http://www.amazon.com/Java-Message-Service-Mark-Richards/dp/... Java Message Service API Tutorial and Reference - http://www.amazon.com/Java-Message-Service-Tutorial-Referenc... Enterprise JMS Programming - http://www.amazon.com/Enterprise-JMS-Programming-Professiona... Hadoop: The Definitive Guide - http://www.amazon.com/Hadoop-Definitive-Guide-Tom-White/dp/0... Pro Hadoop - http://www.amazon.com/Pro-Hadoop-Jason-Venner/dp/1430219424/... Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shared_nothing_architecture http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shard_%28database_architecture%... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publish/subscribe It's important to understand the difference between vertical scaling and horizontal scaling. Horizontal is very en vogue these days, especially with commodity hardware. Why? Because you can add power incrementally without spending tons of money upfront, and without requiring a "forklift upgrade" (that is a reference to needing a forklift to bring in a new mainframe or minicomputer). This is a pretty good article on the topic: http://www.scalingout.com/2007/10/vertical-scaling-vs-horizo... As popular as horizontal scaling is, don't ignore the possibilities of going to bigger hardware though. It has it's own advantages, especially when you start talking about physical floor space to store servers. Of course "cloud computing" changes some of this, both by making it cheap and easy to add VPS's to scale horizontally, or by making it possible (sometimes) to easily add more processing power, RAM, etc. to your "server." Read up on Xen, KVM, EC2, etc. for more on that whole deal. Forgot to include it originally, but it would probably be good to study Map/Reduce as well: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MapReduce http://labs.google.com/papers/mapreduce.html Caching is huge too... IO is expensive, RAM access is cheap. The more you can pre-load, pre-calculate, and/or pre-sort stuff and store it in memory, the better (in terms of avoiding expensive IO anyway). Caching has it's own issues though: if you cache so aggressively that you exhaust physical ram and cause more swapping, you can actually hurt yourself. Also, you have to deal with the possibility of stale data in the cache, and determining when and how to expire and reload items in the cache. But still, caching is essential, it's just not necessarily easy . Also, for perspective if nothing else, read the papers and stuff on SEDA (Staged Event Driven Architecture). There's still debate about how effective the SEDA approach is, but reading the discussion(s) will help you appreciate the issues involved. http://www.eecs.harvard.edu/~mdw/proj/seda/ No worries. The goal is to make it a weekly thing, so there will be plenty of future opportunities. :-) While the move is very far away for me, I'm worried about a possible lack of interesting positions and a smaller talent pool to run my own startup. I can't compare with the Bay Area, since I've never lived there, but this area is known for having a lot of smart, talented, well educated people. The whole concept behind this area being known as "The Triangle" was based on the presence of 3 research universities (UNC-Chapel Hill, Duke and NC State) forming a triangular shaped area. In addition to the big three, there are several smaller colleges in the immediate area: Meredith, Peace, St. Augustine's, NC Central, Durham Tech, Wake Tech, and Campbell jump to mind. With the presence of IBM, SAS, Red Hat, Cisco, and others, there is a constant influx of tech savvy people from other areas of the country. In particular, this area seems to pull a lot of people from Northern climates (Pennsylvania seems to send a lot of folks here) maybe because of the weather? Anyway, just to illustrate a point about the Triangle... Cary (smaller city on the outskirts of Raleigh) is reported to have - IIRC - the highest concentration of Phd holders (per capita) of any city in the United States. Now it's not necessarily the case that Phd == talent, but the point is that people here are smart and well educated in general. Forgot any stereotypes about "Southerners," the Triangle is it's own little nice with different demographics from the more rural areas. (Not that there aren't plenty of smart, well educated people in the rest of NC as well, mind you). If anything, the problem we have here is how to keep the smart kids who graduate from Duke, UNC, NCSU, etc, in the area. Since this area doesn't - yet - have the reputation for being a startup hub, it seems that people come here, go to school, and then start thinking about moving to San Fran or somewhere "sexy." There are a number of us here who want to change the culture here so that people think more in terms of founding (or joining) startups here. F%@* California, you guys have Stanford and Berkeley, etc. to feed you talent! :-) Just a spiral bound notebook and a pen. I've tried more elaborate methods in the past, but I like something that's lightweight and simple, but flexible. Pen and paper scribbles, scrawls and notes work great for me. Is it just me who is having similar thoughts? Nope. I'm 36 (turn 37 in a week) and I have similar thoughts. There is definitely a sense of desperation at work. I do believe that, at this point in my life, the only realistic shot I have at living out my dreams for the future is to build a successful startup. So you are definitely not alone. :-) I have mixed feelings about this. I agree that HN shouldn't become just a place to pitch startups, but.... 1. people already "pitch" their startups here for feedback on a regular basis, just not for funding. Is it that different? And 2. there does seem to be a need for this sort of crowdsourced funding scenario. Maybe a new site (could|should) be created, dedicated to this model of soliciting funding? Something similar to Kickstarter, but for startups seeking funding? But, I think there are a lot of regulations about investing in startups, aren't there? If so, not sure there's a way to reconcile that with this sort of crowd-sourced, highly distributed model. :-( Hmmm... gotta admit, it's an intriguing idea. I think you might just be onto something. A new "general purpose" social network, probably not a great idea. But something dedicated to a particular topic, or theme (like opinions) could very well succeed. Good luck! You might consider pinging somebody at Lulu (print-on-demand self-publishing company). They might be interested in partnering with you in some fashion... since they specialize in helping authors get published, there might be some synergy there; even if it were no more than a Lulu advertisement on your site. Other self-publishing outfits (CreateSpace, SmashWords, etc.) might have a similar interest. Disclaimer: I'm a former Lulu employee and still like those guys a lot, which is why they came to mind first. :-) Also, if you're interested and need any help making a contact there, feel free to email me. I still have a few connections left over there, I think. Young? So you're saying you intend to practice age discrimination? Well, as a Libertarian I think you have the right to do so if you want, but I think you should ask yourself if it's really a good idea or not. Maybe just going for "talented, ambitious and bright" would be good enough? Actually, Donny Deutsch said something in his book ( http://www.amazon.com/Often-Wrong-Never-Doubt-Business/dp/00... ) about how the thing to do is hire older (30+) folks who "haven't done anything yet" and are hungry to prove themselves, given an opportunity. I personally think there's a lot to be said for that approach... but what would I know, I'm an old fart (37 in a week). :-) Nah, I usually just post if I have something to contribute. And like others have pointed out, there's no point worrying about Karma past a certain level anyway... it's not like the stuff really buys you anything. Then again, maybe there's a micro-currency / digital cash based startup waiting to be had here... "Spend your HN Karma Points Now!" LOL. I probably would, yeah. Sign me up. :-) Maybe incorporate some of the ideas from this thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1514803 Is it a web-app, where the client is a browser, or a desktop app with a Linux client? If so, and you have a Linux box handy, it's dead simple to record screencasts in Linux... just use XVidCap. http://xvidcap.sourceforge.net/ If it's a desktop app for Win or Mac, I'm not sure what the best option is, but vnc2swf might work for ya. http://www.unixuser.org/~euske/vnc2swf/ So it's not a derivative work in the sense that the GPL intends derivative works to be. That's hardly a settled point, AFAIK. The FSF contend that linking to a bit of code creates a derivative work that is a derivative of the "bit of code" in question. I don't know that this whole issue has ever been tested in court and any strict legal precedents set. From what I've seen though, it appears to be an issue that is still debated and for which there is no definitive answer. What is a theme actually? It's a look and feel, and this look and feel is not dependent on wordpress. But there is linking to Wordpress code, so IF you buy the FSF argument, then the PHP code for the theme would need to be GPLd in order to legally be distributed. But I don't think there's any argument that corresponding icons, images, CSS, javascript, etc. would also fall under the GPL. As such, I believe that the thesis theme should not be GPLed. Ultimately it won't matter what any of us think...if it goes to court, it'll come down to whatever a given court, on a given day, decide. Edit: a poster above asserts that there is case law / precedent concerning all this. Maybe somebody can dig up a link or two that gives some more info on that point? It's an interesting idea. I was contemplating doing something similar a year or so ago, but got side-tracked. I hope you can make it happen. If you happen to do something open-source, gimme a shout, I might be able to pitch in a bit (or not, I'm pretty slammed these days, but this is something I'm interested in). Getting enough adoption to take advantage of network effects and make it really useful is going to be the hard part, I think. Not sure what to tell you there, except "Good luck." A handful of reddits (/r/programming, /r/agile, /r/semanticweb, /r/machinelearning, /r/artificial, etc.), twitter (yes, believe it or not, IF you follow the right people), a few general purpose tech news blogs like TechCrunch, Mashable, GigaOM, ReadWriteWeb, etc. Outside of that, subscriptions to the mailing lists for the open source projects that I care about, and a few hundred feeds loaded into my RSSOwl reader. Hrmm... my anti-virus / anti-malware scanner claims to have detected malware on that site. Something definitely popped up asking to load an encrypted PDF or some jazz. Open at your own risk... Well, obviously it sucks that it took so long, and so much damage has been done, but nonetheless... this is great news, if true. Let's just hope that this new cap holds up until the relief wells are finished and things are truly under control. Wonder how long the cleanup process will take? Can something of this magnitude even ever be completely cleaned up? I love coffee, but that is way too much frickin' work for me to invest. Sorry "coffee snobs" I'd love to join your ranks, but there are really just other pressing priorities right now. Maybe after I get "FU Money." :-) Yeah, I came pretty close (I think) to deciding to kill myself back in 1996. After that I went a long time with few - or no - suicidal thoughts, but every once in a while over the past couple of years I found a few of those thoughts creeping in again. I doubt I'll ever actually go through with it, but who can predict these things. Probably the biggest thing(s) I've learned that help: 1. Fish-oil is considered to have an anti-depressant effect. And of all the "folk remedies" you sometimes hear about, this one has a fair amount of legitimate scientific research backing it up. I've been really depressed before, took a couple of fish-oil capsules and felt more cheerful within an hour or two. 2. Exercise does help for me. Just being "in the zone" working hard in and of itself helps, as does the "runner's high" effect. Plus it's a chance to plug my headphones in, put on some heavy metal and tune the rest of the world out and just jam. Trail running is fun and it's great exercise. I highly recommend it, along with mountain biking. But pick your own favorite. 3. Pay attention to the dialogue that's going on in your head. When you find yourself thinking "bad" thoughts, ask yourself "Wait, why am I thinking this? This is stupid, I don't want to think this crap, I'm going to think happy thoughts now." It sounds weird, but this kind of "meta" thinking does work (well, for me anyway). I was inspired by some stuff on CBT (Cognitive Behavioral Therapy), so you may find reading up on that to be useful. There are a zillion books on dealing with this kind of stuff in the self-help section at Barnes & Noble or Borders. I have a couple, but I basically bought them, set them aside, and never read them. But you might find it useful to go in one day, browse that section, take a couple of books and go sit in the cafe and skim / read a little...you may find something useful. 4. Studying Zen Buddhism has also been helpful to me. I don't consider myself a Buddhist per-se, but I think their way of thinking to be useful. I'm still trying to adapt to it, but just reading Zen literature usually makes me feel better. 5. Eliminate negative influences as much as you can. If you have "toxic" people in your life (wife, girlfriend, friend, co-worker, boss, whatever) find some way to get away from them. The last thing you need is negative people dragging you down, or influencing you in a negative way. And while I've never done it myself, a support group of some sort might be useful. Even if it's online and not in meatspace. If you believe - as BobbyH says below - that suicidal thoughts are a symptom of depression, you might find the /r/depression sub-reddit to be useful. I browse it every once in a while and some good stuff gets posted sometimes. And if all else fails, my default advice is "get drunk and listen to Motley Crue." \m/ Edit: also, if you ever just want to talk, feel free to email me. My email is in my profile. Links: http://www.webmd.com/depression/features/fish-oil-to-treat-d... http://abcnews.go.com/WNT/Health/story?id=129498&page=1 http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/fish-oil-supplements/AN0139... http://www.reddit.com/r/depression I've read a number of people say things like, "It's completely normal. You just have to deal with it like everyone else." That's wrong, and really, really dangerous advice. Suicidal ideation is very different from feeling 'blue' every now and then. Suicidal ideation is an indication of something more serious, and if left unchecked can get much worse (did you read my opening line?). Not everyone can get out of depression on their own or with 'natural remedies'. Depression is an illness just like diabetes or hypertension. Sometimes medication is necessary to get better. Er, FWIW, I wasn't saying "just deal with it." Just giving the OP some thoughts based on my own experiences. The only reason(s) I didn't list "Go see a professional" is because A. I never did (and doubt I ever will) and B. it had already been said by others in this thread. But yes, I would certainly advocate that anyone who has serious questions about their mental state see a professional therapist. I'm glad to hear that you have an appointment with a doctor. That's an important step to take, even if you don't start medication or therapy. Doctor? Not me... maybe that bit was meant for somebody else? I don't go to doctors unless I see large amounts of my own blood or there's a bone sticking through the skin. :-) As a side note, if you're interested in trying any natural remedies for depression, there are basically three options: 1) SAM-e, 2) 5-HTP, 3) St. John's Wort. I have listed them in the order of their generally accepted effectiveness for treating depression and, how would you say, time before affect? St. John's Wort typically takes 2-3 weeks (IIRC) before you start to feel it's effects. SAM-e is supposed to work with in a few days. Interesting stuff. What's SAM? Never heard of it. 5HTP is interesting, but from what I've seen there isn't a lot of research on it. I used to drink an "energy drink" before my workouts that had 5HTP in it, but it's hard to quantify how much (if at all) it helped my mood. I'd tell you, but after I instructed Avast to ignore the request, it didn't pop up any warning or anything when I went back to the site again. And by then, I'd already dismissed the dialog. All I know is that there was something about a PDF. I'm all for more women founders and women hackers, and for making sure opportunities are available and doors are open, regardless of gender. But I'm not convinced that this would be doing a lot to address the underlying issue. She says that number represents the applicant pool. That is extremely troubling to me, and suggests that while Y Combinator has done great things for technology, something structurally, while unintended, is keeping women out. If women are being "kept out" that is a problem and should be addressed. But at they really being "kept out" or are they just not interested (at least not in the same proportions as men)? Disclaimer: I'm a 37 year old male, and I could be totally offbase on this observation, but from where I'm sitting, it seems that women simply don't grow up wanting to be hackers, or startup founders, in the same numbers that men do. I think stats on enrollment in computer science / software engineering programs bear out at least the first part of that, at least in part. Certainly when I was in high-school I never knew even one girl who had any interest in programming computers, and even in college I don't remember any of my female friends being interested in that. So, is there something genetic going on, or is it just a cultural indoctrination thing, or what? If it's the former, maybe there isn't a problem at all. If it's the latter, then we certainly want to make sure that doors are open for the women who do want to get involved in this space... I believe ardently that opportunities should be gender neutral, personally. But I also don't accept that there's any particular reason why the numbers of men and women in any particular domain must be equal (or even near equal). I haven't looked up the stats, but I'm near 100% sure that there are far more male underwater welders, oil-rig roughnecks, and auto mechanics... but you don't see blog posts and articles complaining "where are the women in welding?" Now before the downvoting starts, let me reiterate.. I'm 100% FOR equality and being gender-blind in terms of giving people opportunities. I just think that we should focus on that, and not the raw numbers in the end. If women are being excluded from things, then that needs to be fixed, yes. But if they're not here simply because they're not interested, then we should question if that's an actual problem (I'm not saying it isn't, I just allowing that it's an open question). This whole article smacks of the idea that there is something fundamentally different about men and women and their capabilities at different points in their adult life. I think this idea is harmful. But what if it's true? I know it's not politically correct to say this, but there are biological differences between men and women, rooted in our different roles in reproduction. Yes, we are more similar than different for the most part, but we shouldn't just gloss over what differences do exist. > What's wrong with resisting the idea until we actually know? Nothing at all. > But the idea that women were fundamentally incapable of X for biological reasons has been the norm in history, and the history of women has been repeatedly proving that they can, in fact, do X. No doubt, and I don't intend to assert that - in general - there is any specific thing that women can't do. But the idea that women would be more inclined/able/interested to do certain things, at certain times of their life, and that it might be different from men, for biological reasons, does not strike me as absurd. Look at the whole "biological clock" issue that prompts women to worry more about when they have kids, versus men, who mostly don't have to worry about that issue. (I'm just throwing that out there as an example, not saying that specifically means anything). Anyway, to reiterate what I said in the other thread, in case anyone might misunderstand where I'm coming from: I am 100% in favor of gender equality and the idea that men and women should have equal access to opportunities and the ability to pursue their dreams. Ok, I may catch some flak for this, but... that is exactly the reason I domain squat on a pile of domains. A few years ago I went through a phase where anytime I'd come up with a seemingly cool name, I'd register the domain (if available) and just sit on it... so I don't "domain squat" to make money on ads or anything (although I did play around a little with trying to monetize some otherwise idle domains, but I never put much effort into it), but rather to reserve the domain for myself for potential future use. With that said, when I was looking for a company name for a consulting business a year or so ago, I threw my favorite one out to a friend of mine for feedback, and he absolutely hated it. So I sent him a list of my favorite 5-10 out the domains I had, and one jumped out at him as "oh yeah, that's perfect." After thinking about it for a while I decided he was right, so I went with it (that one had been my 2nd favorite to begin with). And now I'm actually reusing it as I move into doing a product. It's just the company name though, now naming individual products is going to be the bigger challenge. Of course if you need a name right now none of this helps... all I can say is generic crap like "think outside the box." Put together combinations of words that don't seem to make sense at first and play around with them. Borrow phrases from the top news headlines of the day and see if those words somehow combine to form something useful. Take a word that has something to do with what your status does, and start attaching other words in front of or behind it, until one combo makes you go "oooh." For example... If you were doing a "grid computing" startup, take the word "grid" and start going: gridstart gridcurve gridfeed gridbox gridblox gridwave gridcloud antigrid gridhacker gridlog ... ... ... And if all else fails, you could explore some of the alternative TLDs if the ".com" is taken. Some feel kinda ghetto for some reason (like .biz... I doubt I'd ever use a .biz for anything) but some alt tlds are actually kinda cool... .fm, .io, .tv and a few others seem somewhat popular. Like, .io feels kinda right for something geeky and computer related... so if you were doing the grid computing startup, maybe "gridcomputing.io" "io" seems to imply a sort of techie'ish flavor (even thought the TLD actually stands for Indian Ocean or something like that). Another last ditch thing would be trying to buy a domain that's taken. Not every taken domain costs a bazillion dollars to acquire. And if you establish a trademark on the name successfully, you may be able to appeal to ICANN and get a squatted on domain anyway. Not sure exactly how that works, but it might be worth researching. Edit: Another approach that might help... pick a theme, and google around that theme for lists of important "things." For example... I was looking to name a series of related open-source projects recently, so I picked "lighthouses" as the theme (and this ties into the company name mentioned above), so I started looking for lists of "famous lighthouses" and "lighthouse terminology" and finally came up with ScrewPile (no, not a pr0n term, it refers to a type of lighthouse), Neddick (reference to a famous lighthouse), Quoddy (again, a particular lighthouse) and Heceta (and yet another well known lighthouse). F#@ng Deletionists. Grrrr.... Anyway, I just created a new Steve Yegge page with a number of links from reputable sources, including links from where he has presented at UIUC, Stanford and OSCON, an infoq.com article, and ajaxian.com article and an interview with Steve by the StackExchange guys. How anyone can contend that that isn't enough to establish notability is beyond me. You don't get invited to speak at Stanford, UIUC and to talk at OSCON if you're not "somebody." My big problem with Wikipedia's notability guidelines is that they're too general. I don't accept that "notability" has to mean "known worldwide" or "known by a large number of people regardless of their domain." I believe that notability within a given domain (say, programming) should be enough. And I don't think there's much - if any - question that Steve is "notable" within programming circles. Same with open-source projects... when the Wikipedia page for a F/OSS project is afd'd, the argument is always "it hasn't been covered in the NY Time" versus "but every geek knows about it, uses it, considers it notable, etc." Ok, to be fair, there's some grey area here... make the domain small enough and everybodY is notable. (To themselves, for example). But I still think the WP policy needs adjusting... it's just not working for the way people expect and want to use Wikipedia. And he's back. Right after I re-created the page, somebody tagged it - again - for "speedy delete" but the admin rejected the speedy delete request. Thankfully. With the citations and references I included, I hope that particular article will be safe from deletion now. But if anybody else feels like working on it a bit, have at it. I prefer Eclipse, but I haven't spent much time using Netbeans or IntelliJ, so I can't really say that Eclipse is "best." I can just say that it works very well for me, and has a rich ecosystem of plugins and additional tools that I find handy. On the downside, Eclipse is awfully memory hungry in my experience. Not sure how it compares to Netbeans or IntelliJ though. > wikiflux.com In keeping with the theme of wiki related ones, I'll offer up wikinexus.com and wikimesh.com > Post a one-liner of what you'd use it for Same deal... post what you'd use it for and if you have a good use for either, or both, it's yours. Sounds cool, but none of my inactive ideas really have much value... either because they've been done, are being done, or have been obsoleted. That said, a couple of things I toyed with, in case this sparks a useful thought for somebody else: 1. A decentralized, federated social-networking platform that would allow individual sites to include social-networking features, but where all the "social stuff" could be federated through API's, so that a user had access to his/her entire social graph, no matter which site he/she was logged into. This was a semi-novel idea 3 years ago, but now everybody and his brother is writing a decentralized social-network. 2. This has maybe be done, not sure, but I was intrigued by the idea of a robotic avatar that could be used for remote conferencing. That is, a small robotic device with a camera, microphone, and speakers, where the head could pivot to scan the room and look up and down, etc... the idea being, if I'm hosting a teleconference in my conference room, and 3 people are "virtual" attendees, I plug 3 of these things in, and the remote conferencing software attaches a session to 1 per remote user, and lets them interact with the other people. Didn't really put much thought into what it would look like or what other functions it might have... but it wouldn't be fair to let the virtual attendees shoot at the others with frickin' lasers, if the others can't shoot back somehow. Which leads to the idea of a series of satellites, in geostationary orbits... wait, just kidding about that last bit. 3. I think there was another one, but I forget... I'll edit it in later if I remember. :-) I don't know for sure, but for what it's worth... I live a few hours from that area (Chapel Hill, NC), and am a lifelong resident of NC, so I know a little bit about our neighbor to the north, and I haven't heard much at all about a startup scene in SE Virginia. When I think of that area I think of Norfolk as being fairly blue collar town, dominated by the shipping and railroad industries, and the US Navy. Virginia Beach seems more like a party town. OTOH, it's not so far away to the NOVA/DC area, which does seem to be a little more vibrant for startups. There's even a NOVA/DC "Hackers News Readers Meetup." http://www.meetup.com/Hacker-News-NOVA-DC/ Maybe pinging those folks would net some useful info. II agree with everything you said, and still... I think there's a place for more social networks, if we redefine "social network" a little. What there are are tons of communities, any of which a given user may or may not be a member of... and as long as people prefer to show a different face when interacting with a given community, or keep their interactions with the members of a given community separate - whether as a convenience, or for privacy reasons, whatever, there will be room for "social networks" around interests, geographic areas, etc. So, yeah, a "social network" for Doctor Who fans, a "social network" for Mazda RX-8 enthusiasts, etc. This space is mostly filled by "forums" now, which don't necessarily have (or need, and this point is probably key) the same suite of features as a "full fledged social network." But if there was a way to take advantage of all these discrete communities of interests, yet still give a user convenient access to their entire social-graph at all times, and a void "profile fatigue" and "password fatigue" then one could probably accomplish something. Whether or not what Diaspora are building, or one of the other varied "decentralized social network" projects, remains to be seen. And how the hell you monetize it if you could build it also remains to be seen. But there point in all this rambling was really just to say that there are needs for "networking" that Facebook isn't filling at least not alone. Now the combination of Facebook, Gallifreybase.com and rx8forum.com may fill the needs of the hypothetical Doctor Who watching, RX-8 driving, social-networker. So would one really want to compete with Facebook or with rx8forum.com and gallifreybase.com? OpenID Connect? http://openidconnect.com/ Great, now how about an article that is based on going in the other direction... technical founder has an idea and has it X% implemented ( where X can be 0-whatever) and is seeking a non-technical co-founder to focus on sales/marketing/bizdev/etc? I don't count my dayjob, since I just use whatever they tell me to use... I'm assuming we have valid licenses, but can't swear to it one way or the other. That said, as far as my personal life and my startup project go, then no. I use exclusively F/OSS software and maybe a very small amount of "proprietary but free for use" stuff. So, Fedora Linux, Java, Groovy, Grails, Bash, Eclipse, JBoss, PostgreSQL, Firefox, Thunderbird, VLC, RSSOwl, Vuze ,Emacs, etc. Hmmm... This domain name seems to be rooted in a mindset that the man has to be the one to "do stuff" to keep the girlfriend happy.... eg, that she's the prize, and if you don't supplicate to her as she demands, she will no longer favor you with her graces. I'm not sure perpetuating that mindset is a good idea. How about "BeAHappyCoupleTogether.com" (or something) where there's no overt bias towards suggesting who is the more important member of the relationship? Really, there's just as much onus on her to make you happy, as vice versa. From what I've seen/heard, I think the lack of cheap hosting was one of the biggest things that kept Java from catching on as a preferred platform for the kinds of webapps that you see people building with PHP and/or RoR. That problem has, IMO, been mitigated somewhat by the emergence of cheap VPS providers... now hosting is hosting, and what you run on your server is entirely up to you. But by the time cheap VPS's became commonplace, it had become "cool" to hate Java. And, to be fair, there is a little more of a learning curve to get started with Java and most of the Java based webapp stacks, compared to, say, RoR or whatever. Also, to be fair, other platforms have "caught up" to what were some of the early advantages of Java. For example, at one time I would have cited JMS and the easy accessibility of async messaging from Java as a big advantage. But now there are a bazillion messaging systems and most (if not all) of the major ones have easy to use client libraries in Perl, Python, Ruby, etc. OTOH, Groovy/Grails brings a lot of the advantages of a RoR type framework to a JVM based ecosystem, as does Rails on JRuby, so more and more things are evolving to where the various platforms are approaching parity. > Python clearly has Django, To be fair, the picture on Python isn't totally clear either. You can choose from Django, Pylons (my preference, btw), Turbogears and possibly others... and you have the choice between SQLAlchemy and the Django ORM, etc. Picking Python definitely does not alleviate the need to make some evaluations and decisions. Not sure how new you mean when you say new, but I'll throw a couple of ideas out: First, have you read Steven Gary Blank's "The Four Steps to the Epiphany?" If not, put that at #1 on your list, IMO. Outside of that, Patricia Seybold's "Outside Innovation" was interesting. "Rework" by the 37 Signals guys is worth a read. If you want something that's not strictly business, but could be important to entrepreneurs, or just anybody who is fascinated by understanding more about how the world works, then "The Black Swan" and/or "Fooled by Randomness" by Nassim Nicholas Taleb are very interesting. Something about this article rubs me the wrong way, despite the fact that I agree with a number of things the author says. I think he's right on about the importance of diverse social-networks, and the value of weak ties. And I think this stuff is pretty well established now, so no surprise there. But what this has to do with meritocracy and the identification of the "best and brightest" is a little questionable. These factors should correlate - to some extent - with being successful, regardless of whether or not an individual is one of his so-called "best and brightest" who went to Harvard or whatever. If he had just said "If you want to be a successful entrepreneur, then make it a point to build a diverse network of connections with people of different backgrounds and interests" then I'd be saying "right on." But the harping about GPAs and SAT scores and Harvard just seemed to muddle the article up and distract from the point. http://www.meetup.com/Hacker-News-NOVA-DC/ Hey man, I'm working on an open-source project that could absolutely use some help from the UX/UI perspective. I'm more of a "back end" programmer, so all the UI stuff right now is very, erm, spartan and mechanical (at best). If you'd like to see more, see http://code.google.com/p/neddick or the demo site is at http://spdemo.fogbeam.org:8080/neddick1/ If you'd like to help out, join the mailing list (Google Group) or feel free to shoot me an email directly. My email is in my profile. I'm glad they're here, but I'm not sure about this whole "RTP is the entrepreneurial and VC hub of the southeast" bit. I've been here a long time, and the thing I hear constantly is that this area is notorious for lacking available funding. When you look at the well educated workforce, the presence of UNC, Duke, NCSU, etc., and the presence of all those IBM, Cisco, EMC, etc. employees, you would think this area would be more of a startup hub than it is. And when you ask people why it isn't funding is always one of the first answers you here. That said, the emergence of the lean startup model may just be the best thing for this area. When people can routinely launch startups without needing a large infusion of cash, the availability - or not - of VC money will be less important. And I think we're already starting to see progress in that regard. The RTP New Tech meeting was VERY well attended last night, and there were a lot of people there who were involved in startups, or interested in startups, etc. Same of for the Lean Startup Circle RTP meetings, and (so far) the RTP Hackers & Founders group. The new flexible leasing space that the American Tobacco Campus guys are rolling out should be a big boon as well. Just a couple of random thoughts: Is there a Hadoop User's Group in your area? Or any other Meetup / User's Group on any related topics? Ask there. Is there a university nearby? Do they have a compsci program? Find a professor who teaches data-mining or information retrieval and ask him/her for leads? Try the hadoop / weka / mahout / lucene / etc. mailing lists? You might also post something on Hackers News. ;-) Seriously, how about some info on where you are and exactly what you're looking for. The chances that somebody who posts here will be interested probably aren't half bad. There are also a couple of sub-reddits you might find it worthwile to checkout, like /r/machinelearning, /r/datamining, /r/hadoop, etc. Good luck! There are a couple of "give away your unused ideas" threads floating around, you might search them up. That said, you should probably think more in terms of generating ideas than begging for ideas. I bet you actually have plenty of good ideas floating around in your brain, on some latent level. You just need something to bring them out. Just look for problems people are having, and think about how to apply the technologies that you know, to solving those problems. Well, I use one language primarily at work, that being Java. For my startup project, I use Groovy almost exclusively. But, particularly on the startup project, I can easily see the situation where different parts may be written in different languages. I could see trying Scala for some backend services, as it has a reputation for dealing with concurrency well. Erlang could be a possibility in the future as well, for similar reasons. I also won't rule out dropping into C or C++ for performance reasons if the situation arises. And since there's a heavy element of statistical analysis / machine learning / data mining in some of this, I may be incorporating R and or Clojure (for Incanter) at some point as well. Also, if you count SQL as a language, then I routinely use SQL (and/or HQL) for data access. And as somebody pointed out in another reply... if you include Javascript, then yes, definitely. I struggle falling asleep sometimes as well. Actually, a lot of the time. Here's what helps for me: 1. Don't bring my laptop into the bedroom. If it's around, I keep giving in to the urge to check HN or Facebook or Twitter or my email "one last time" every 15 minutes or so. 2. I drink a glass of milk and take a melatonin tablet about 30 minutes before bed. Melatonin helps induce drowsiness. 3. Turn the light off. Seems totally obvious, but if I'm reading in bed, I may have my lamp on. Sometimes I just have to force myself to turn the f!#kng light off so I can fall asleep. 4. Turn the AC down. I sleep better when it's a little chilly, so I turn my thermostat down a few degrees a little while before bedtime. 5. Daydream. I just start running through some kind of scenario in my head and let the fantasy run until I fall asleep. Yep. Freenode IRC. I lurk on about 25 channels, ranging from the local Linux User's Group channel, to the #startups channel (which draws a lot of HN'ers) to the channels for several programming languages I use, etc. IRC is definitely alive and well, especially on Freenode. 1) There should be a law banning the passing of any new laws. We have quite enough laws as it is, and our efforts should be spent towards hacking off some of the parts of this behemoth we have created, not adding to it. The government? Yeah, I wish Geoff Tate had been one of the singers reviewed in that article. It would have been interesting to see what she had to say about him. Tate has - from this layperson's perspective - an amazing voice. The period from 1980-1992 (or so) was a golden age for heavy-metal / hard-rock. So much incredible music was made during that period that it boggles the mind. And almost all of it stands the test of time incredibly well. Of course great metal was made in the 1990's as well, it just went mostly unnoticed by most people, as metal retreated back to an underground status (where it probably belongs). "Extreme" metal in particular had a great run during the 90's. From the Florida Death Metal scene of the early 90's through some of the great power metal bands of the era, to the Norwegian Black Metal stuff... lots of great music came out. But gawd, the pop music of the 90's... how utterly rubbish. > but only Diaspora has the right to make any money off of it. That doesn't follow. Anybody can take the AGPL'd codebase and make money off of it. It's not necessary to distribute something as closed source in order to make money, ya know. That said, I hate the AGPL, simply because I disagree with trying to redefine "providing a service using Software X" as "distributing Software X." I'd have preferred to see them go with the plain old GPL, if they wanted a "viral" license. But whatever... it's their project. > And given how extraordinary the claim is, there's not a single argument to support it. How is that an extraordinary claim?? I personally believe that it's so self-evident and obvious, that to argue otherwise would be the extraordinary position. I doubt I'd work at a startup that didn't require using Linux! The only time I'm really bored is when I can't decide what to do, because of the "paradox of choice." My personal library has more than enough books to keep me busy for the next couple of decades, and the Internet provides a seemingly unlimited amount of reading material. That alone creates a strong "paradox of choice" situation, but I also like listening to music (classical and metal, recorded or live), going to the theater, running, mountain biking, hiking, going out to eat, hanging out with friends at bars/clubs, etc. And between physical media and bittorrent downloads, I have enough unwatched movies and TV programmes to consume hundreds of hours of my time. So what do I actually do? Usually some combination of the above... an average weekend includes some time reading fiction (reading the "Harry Potter" series ATM), some time studying $SOMETHING, where $SOMETHING could be greek history, philosophy, physics, math, statistics or FSM knows what, and some time boning up on whatever the technical "topic of the day" is... some time surfing the Internet, a trip out to eat somewhere, and some time exercising (walking or running). I don't know if that helps much or not, but there ya go. If I had to single out one activity that I spend the most time on during "idle time" it's reading, both fiction and non-fiction. Oh, and never mind the time on weekends that I spend writing code. Now that I think about it, no wonder I show up for work on Monday feeling more tired than I was when the weekend started. :-( Not yet. I bought a copy over a year ago, but it's still in my queue. My only real exposure to Eastern thought, Buddhism, etc. have been the books "Introduction to Zen Buddhism" and "Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind." Well, my birth-name wasn't "mindcrime" but I make no effort to hide my real identity... my profile contains direct links to my real identity. And I've used this handle online so long and in so many places, that there are probably people who actually DO think my name is "mindcrime." And yes, I do hear a revolution calling... \m/ Where's Groovy? :-( Is he a libertarian? If so, I'd consider voting for him. Otherwise, sorry, but no. The books I'm in the middle of reading to one extent or another, that I can think of right this moment: Atlas Shrugged - Ayn Rand Swarm Intelligence - James Kennedy & Russel C. Eberhart How The Mind Works - Steven Pinker A History of Western Philosophy - Bertrand Russell Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert Most productive? From about 9pm until about 6-7am. That is, if left entirely to my own devices. Having to work a day job during the week, I can't keep those hours... so I wind up getting most of my meaningful stuff done between about 8pm - 11pm or so. Eh, I guess the closest answer for me would be "Other." I'm not currently enrolled in any classes anywhere, and nothing else quite fits. I finished 3 Associate degrees, but never finished my Bachelors degree. But I still intend to go back and complete the B.S. "one day." And the material I ready/study/learn on my own goes beyond B.S. level in some areas anyway. http://www.amazon.com/Explorers-Guide-Semantic-Thomas-Passin... http://www.amazon.com/Thinking-Web-Berners-Lee-G%C3%B6del-Tu... http://www.amazon.com/Semantic-Web-Working-Ontologist-Effect... http://thefigtrees.net/lee/sw/sciam/semantic-web-in-action#s... http://www.xml.com/pub/a/2000/11/01/semanticweb/ A less modest, but more practical proposal: remove the USPS's monopoly protection and make it compete on the market alongside private carriers. Let the best business(es) win. Nope, can't think of one. Well, except my own, but we're not shipping a product yet, so that doesn't really count. If I was a Fanboy of any company though, I think the best shots would be Red Hat, IBM and Sun (before the Oracle acquisition). This article is spot-on. The TSA is - at best - a waste of money and totally useless for actually enhancing security. At worst (and most likely) the TSA is simply a power-grab by the elitist scum who want to rule everyone else, and marks a solid step towards out and out totalitarianism. The TSA should be abolished, and the faster the better. And they should take the ATF and the DEA with them. Yeah, that's pretty close to the same here, but substitute Atheism for Agnosticism. I also believe very strongly in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-ownership and adhere to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libertarianism Pretty much everything I was ever told about love, dating, sex and romance, prior to discovering the "seduction community" a couple of years ago. Then again, it's not that a lot of the advice I got about women was bad , it just wasn't useful. Take the stock "be confident" tidbit for example... well, that's not bad advice (in that being confident is not harmful) but it's not actionable advice, because telling someone who isn't confident to "be confident" is useless. I also bought into the generic "there's somebody for everybody, don't look for a girl, you'll just stumble into somebody one day and it'll happen if it's mean to" crap. Uuuuggggghhh... Outside of that, not much. But I tend to be pretty selective about the advice I take anyway... I'm the kind of person who tends to "keep my own council" more often than not (or, as my dad would say, I'm hard-headed). So I tend to ignore a lot of the well-meaning advice I've been given.. so I miss out by ignoring some good advice here and there, but I also avoid most of the bad advice. For the most part, I'd look back and say that approach has worked out well for me. Dude, we get enough wikileaks crap already... and it's not like there aren't plenty of other places for wikileaks stories. Maybe somebody can create a /r/wikileaks subreddit (if there isn't one already). Personally I want technology / entrepreneurship news primarily when I visit HN... but that's just me. No it isn't. Wikileaks is an organization that uses technology. That doesn't imply that every story about Wikileaks is a "technology story." Most of these Wikileaks stories are closer to "politics" than "technology," IMO. At any rate, it isn't what I'm interested in reading about on HN. > Quite the opposite, it helps to bolster my faith that HN is different, and more valuable. Exactly. I expect to find a slightly more refined list of news stories at HN, as opposed to, say, the Reddit.com frontpage. Not every generic story that shows up on other "technology news" sites is appropriate for HN. And even more so when most of the stories are just rehashes of the same information, or every minor developments in the overall story (which I find to be the case with most of these wikileaks stories). I dunno... I can see both sides of it. I mean, for myself, I carry around the attitude "If I get rejected by $FOO, I'll make it so big, that I can buy $FOO and turn their offices into my ping-pong room." And I encourage others to feel the same way. So in that regard, I'd like to think that the people who got rejected by YC are actually hunkered down somewhere, working their balls off, planning to show the YC decision-makers "just how wrong they were." But, realistically, I'm sure there is some pool of people who applied to YC, were denied, never found funding anywhere else, and gave up... but are still interested in working in a startup. In that case, joining a different startup, who did get accepted, seems like a reasonable scenario. Well said, friend. As I said before, I encourage people to adopt the mindset that "If I get rejected by $FOO, I'll make it so big, that I can buy $FOO and turn their offices into my ping-pong room." > Or you could take the opportunity to consider whether $FOO was right; perhaps your idea isn't as good as you think it is. Yes, this is true. I think you're taking what I said a little bit more literally than I intended. Or maybe it would be more accurate to say that I left out some of the nuance, in the name of conserving time & space (or because I'm lazy). Yes, there are times that rejection should be treated as a sign that it's time to stop, change plans, etc. But if I were to offer a more nuanced version of what I said before, I'd say "When rejected, it's up to you to determine the merits of your plan and your abilities, etc., based on the feedback you have received, and decide if you should still go for it or not. If you sincerely believe you are right, then go for it, and succeed so damn well that you buy the rejecting party's offices and turn them into your ping-pong room." What have I done this year? Wow... a lot and nothing, depending on how you look at it. It's been a weird year. But I guess the biggest thing is all the work I've put into the ScrewPile projects... ScrewPile [1] being a suite of open-source tools centered around knowledge management / information retrieval / search. As far as generic infrastructure stuff goes, I moved all the code to GitHub[2], moved the project website to Google Code, installed Bugzilla[3], wrote some blog entries[4], etc. On a more technical level, I wrote a modest amount of code for Neddick[5], opened a lot of bugs, fixed a few bugs, and setup a Neddick demo server[6]. Created the http://www.fogbeam.org/ website. Outside of ScrewPile related stuff, I spent a lot of time learning Lucene, read parts of a couple of books on Machine Learning / Collective Intelligence, read Steven Pinker's "How The Mind Works," read the "Swarm Intelligence" book by Russell C. Eberhart, Yuhui Shi, & James Kennedy, and started Hofstadter's "Godel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid." I also managed to read Ayn Rand's "Atlas Shrugged," watched "The Social Network" twice, and read "The Accidental Billionaires." Organized a few "JVM Hack Night"[7] events locally, one "Hackers & Founders"[8] meetup and one Semantic Web[9] meetup. Went to a VC event where Mark Cuban was the keynote speaker and got to meet Mark, which was kinda neat. Took an Improv 101 class at DSI Comedy Theater. Oh, and also read Steve Blank's book "The Four Steps to the Epiphany." All in all, I did a lot of stuff, but - in a lot of ways - I didn't get as much done as I'd hoped for. I'm hoping to turn these ScrewPile projects into something usable enough to productize eventually; but I got a little stalled out in the 2nd half of the year, after a huge flurry of activity from March-August or so. Still, I'm sitting here tonight hacking away on the Quoddy[10] stuff, and since 2010 isn't over yet, I hope to bang out some more good stuff before Jan 1 rolls around. [1]: http://code.google.com/p/screwpile/ [2]: https://github.com/fogbeam [3]: http://dev.fogbeam.org/bugzilla/ [4]: http://screwpiledev.blogspot.com/ [5]: http://code.google.com/p/neddick/ [6]: http://spdemo.fogbeam.org:8080/neddick1/ [7]: http://www.meetup.com/TriJVM/ [8]: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/ [9]: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Semantic-Web-Group/ [10]: http://code.google.com/p/quoddy/ > I would estimate that a majority of developers are under pretty onerous agreements that assert control over all inventions that they create while under the employ of the company. Could be. I'm fortunate enough that the company I work for at my day-job has a very explicit clause in their "IP Assignment Agreement" that spells out - very clearly - that if you invent something on your own time, on your own equipment, that doesn't involve company IP / knowledge / etc., then they make no claim to it. Now, granted, the way the legal system works in the US, they could - if they turned evil - turn around and try to claim ownership of some of my open-source stuff, and the outcome would (as always) come down to "what a particular combination of judge, jury, & lawyers, in a particular situation, on a particular day, decide." But given how clear they are on this point, their chances of successfully claiming such ownership seem pretty low. From what I've seen/heard, it's not uncommon for such clauses to exist... some companies also invite you to submit a list of "things that you were already working on before gaining employment here" that are excluded from any IP claim by $COMPANY. Lulu, for example, did this when I was there (and presumably still do). When I joined them, I just gave them a list of every open-source project I'd ever touched, looked at, thought about, or considered, and the vaguest most abstract list of things I was working on that I could dream up. They weren't exactly crazy about the list I gave them, but it wasn't a deal-breaker. It sucks that we have to deal with this crap at all, but I honestly don't think most employers are actually evil in this regard. A lot of this is just bureaucracy for bureaucracy's sake, IMO. So, is anybody here actually using any of this "self-healing" stuff in practice? How's it working out? I've been fascinated with this since I saw an IBM Tivoli seminar on "Autonomic Computing" a few years ago. It strikes me as the sort of thing that "when it works, it's bad-ass." I just wonder how reliable it turns out to be in actuality. "The Four Steps To The Epiphany" - Steve Blank. Because it opened my eyes to a whole new world in terms of understanding customer development and the "market definition" side of things. And, coming from a background as a hacker, not a sales/biz-dev guy, that's exactly what I needed. My Choice: The Social Network Why? Largely because I find it inspirational, vis-a-vis my own entrepreneurial ambitions. I've watched it twice already, and every time I watch that, I feel very inspired to sit down and start hacking, and work on building something. I'm not the world's biggest fan of Mark Zuckerberg, or even of Facebook; but the movie was well-done, entertaining AND inspirational. What more can you ask for? Honorable Mentions: Red Inception Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows Pt 1 Looking forward to: Tron: Legacy Do you, for instance, have a routine where you sit down and think about new ideas every so often? Or do you just wait for one to hit you? Sorta both. I don't exactly have a routine that's dedicated to "new idea generation" but I have routines around reading and studying... and I find that a lot of my ideas occur when I'm reading (whether reading a book, or a website, or a magazine, whatever). So, I tend to read in bed before going to sleep, and - a lot of times - after I put my book down and turn the light out, some idea will come to mind. So I keep a notebook by my bed just for jotting this stuff down. The other scenario is when I go up to Barnes & Noble, order myself a nice caffeinated beverage and sit back and read / listen to music / think of ideas. I also keep a notebook with me on those occasions. Sounds good, I'll try to find time to give it a read and offer my thoughts. True, but it may not be the case that all of this new staff is going to increasing the size of existing project teams... they could be spinning up whole new teams for new projects - for which the idea had been stuck on the back-burner. This blog entry ( http://www.engineyard.com/blog/2009/ldap-directories-the-for... ) is a little old now, but makes an interesting point - that LDAP was the original "NoSQL." If you buy that idea, lots of people have been using NoSQL - and using it for all sorts of things - for quite some time now. The cost of failure on Everest is ultimate, but the cost of failure in a startup is temporary and economic. What about the folks who lose their life savings when their businesses fail, and decide to commit suicide? I have no stats on how often that actually happens, but it's something to consider. I kinda like the idea. I'd say go for it, personally. Of course, you've already done two of the cooler ones, out of the set of "old school languages." Not sure how well articles on SNOBOL, RPG, FORTRAN, etc. will go over with this crowd... Hopefully there are some other cool choices left to hit on. You could argue that it's not very different at all. And it also overlaps significantly in some areas (particularly statistical machine learning) with http://stats.stackexchange.com/ Not that that's a bad thing. Competition is good, and the difference may evolve to be nothing more than culture, or focus or whatever. I mean, HN is similar to certain reddit sub-reddits (or combinations thereof) such as /r/programming and /r/startups. But there's room for both. Same deal, IMO, with AI / Machine Learning / Data Mining / etc. related Q&A sites. Oh, and never mind that there are multiple subreddits devoted to these topics as well! /r/machinelearning, /r/artificial, /r/sysor, etc. jump to mind. Let the market sort it out. I had just graduated from HS and turned 18. At the time I had no real inkling of the idea that computers would become such a big part of my life. The bug hadn't bitten yet, so to speak. I'd dabbled with some BASIC programming as a kid, and we played around on the PCs in the library at school. Figuring out how to get out of the CD-ROM library thing and get to a DOS prompt where we could play, was a big deal back then. But, at least for me, it was a year or two later, in college, when I got hooked on programming. Strangely enough, I don't really even remember exactly how it all started. I just remember starting to buy and read Computer Shopper magazine regularly; and then I was building a PC, getting a modem, playing around on BBS systems, getting into the hack/phreak scene, buying Herbert Schildt's book "Teach Yourself C" and downloading a C compiler from a BBS or something, deciding to major in Computer Science instead of Physics, and the rest is history. I have not self-published anything myself, so I have no direct experience to answer your question. But if I could throw out a suggestion... you might get some useful info from Henry at http://www.publishandsell.com/ He's basically a consultant who helps folks who are self-publishing books. He was one of the early employees at Lulu and is a very sharp guy. (Disclaimer: I used to work with with Henry at Lulu, and he is a friend. This plug was not solicited by him however, and I have no financial interest in publishandsell.com) I'm usually more interested in the person's passion and drive, and their interest in continual self-development, than I am in what they know right-this-minute. So I tend to less stuff about specific API calls, or design patterns, or programming language syntax, etc. and more towards things like: Why did you get into development? How many technical books did you read in the past year? What was your favorite technical book in the past year? What did you learn from it? What websites do you read regularly, related to development? Do you maintain any open-source projects? Do you code in your spare-time? Do you love programming, or do you do it for the money? Have you accomplished anything important in your career yet? Do you want to? What would make you feel that you have done something important? Can you hack a Gibson? etc, etc. I also like a few questions that probe whether or not the person actively thinks about the various aspects of what they're doing and how they do it. So, things like: What's your favorite programming language? Why? If you could add one feature to your favorite language, what would it be? Why? If you could remove one feature from it, what would it be? Why? ... and a similar set of questions on operating systems, editors, app servers, etc. There are no right or wrong answers, it's just about them having a position and being able to defend it. I mean, I hate vim, but if you rattle off a dozen reasons why vim rules, and can explain what it's pros can cons are, I take that as a Good Thing, regardless of my like or dislike for the tool. Yeah, same here to some extent.. and if somebody tells me that in an interview, that gets more or less the same point across. I definitely like to hear people say they read HN, participate on StackOverflow, Quora, Wikipedia, whatever. And if somebody says "Hey, I haven't read any book lately, but I'm watching this great set of videos on Machine Learning from Stanford" then I'm suitably impressed. Launchbox Digital - RTP (North Carolina) http://www.launchboxdigital.com/ Also, see http://blog.shedd.us/321987608/ For reference: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/ Also, finding a venue that could confirm space for up to 30 people on the 17th proved easier than expected, so I went ahead and reserved space, and scheduled the meetup. Please see: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/calendar/15690999... to RSVP. Hope to see all of you (well... within reason) there! For the love of the FSM... that is one of the most brain-dead ideas I've ever heard in my life. Gene Quinn is a complete tool. Where do they find these people?? Glad to see mises.org taking on the task of debunking this kind of silliness though. Well, regardless, your execution is now or imminently in competition with that of other developers who read about you right here. How many motivated, hard-working, capable people do you think are lurking here, just waiting for somebody to drop an idea in their lap? Wouldn't the motivated, hard-working, capable people most likely already have their own projects to worry about, and therefore lack the resources to jump on "your" idea? And do you really care about the people who aren't motivated, hard-working and capable? Personally I wouldn't hesitate in the slightest to talk about my project(s) here... anybody who's terribly likely to represent competition to me, probably either already is, or would be so anyway. And the rest are just gonna read, go "uh huh" and move on to the next comment. Heck, I'm so unconcerned about "idea theft" that all my source code is open-source, and under the Apache license. And to avoid an accusation of hypocrisy: http://www.fogbeam.com http://code.google.com/p/screwpile edit: to be fair though, what I'm building isn't a "site," it's enterprise software, although a SaaS offering could be in the cards down the road. So my case doesn't technically fit the OP's question as worded. But I still stand by the contention that sharing here is most likely harmless. Ok, here's my proposal for the new text of the bill: "The end." +1 for Eclipse. Then again, I use Eclipse for nearly everything, just because it's what I'm familiar and comfortable with. So even if I'm coding Groovy or Scala or Python or Javascript or Perl, more of than not I'm using Eclipse. RSVP here: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/calendar/15690999... The info for RTP Hackers & Founders is up to date. You guys should put a link to http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/ on downtowndurhamstartups.com! :-) Also, note that RTP Hackers & Founders has a meeting coming up this Friday in Raleigh. Any ex Yahoo'ers out there who happen to be in NC - or who might want to move to NC - gimme a shout... maybe we could work on some interesting stuff together. Contact info in profile. I still haven't received an invite:) Me either.. but if somebody has an invite available... well... my email address is in my profile. :-) Half (or more) of the problem with finding an answer is knowing what the question is. It was actually a very good article, in terms of framing and context setting, to help seed the discussion about what the question is. In that regard, it was very valuable. Don't underestimate the value of a good question; and don't expect every informative article to spoon feed the reader the answers. I would be surprised to discover that a significant number of HNers have not yet read the essay I don't know... it'd be interesting to know how frequently new users sign up, and what the average "age" of the accounts are, who regularly read/post. Personally, I suspect there are quite a few newer users who might not have read that (or any other given) pg article; but I can't prove it. Heck, I've been around for a while now and I doubt I've read all of pg's articles. The way I saw it put was that SO was more about low level technical programming details, and the new Programmers SE site was for subjective discussions about programming in general. Somebody said something like "SO is for when you're in front of the keyboard, and Programmers SE is for when you're in front of the whiteboard." Something like that... Fedora Linux "just works" for me on my laptop (a 2 year old Toshiba Satellite), and I don't necessarily fall into the "fiddling with stuff and rebuilding stuff for grins and giggles" routine, FWIW. I will concede, however, that I am one of those people to whom F/OSS is an ideology, and I strive to avoid using any proprietary software as a matter of principle. Hence my refusal to own or use anything put out by Apple. :-) > So, can you, say, connect your mobile phone or your digital camcorder and view and edit the files to send an edited version to your grandmother in a Fedora Linux without fiddling? I have no idea; as that's not a use-case I care about. I don't claim that Fedora Linux is suitable for everybody or every use-case, mind you. But as a developer, who spends most of his time writing code, listening to music, watching stuff on Youtube, random net surfing, or editing documents of some sort, it does "just work." Like the science and tech bits, could do without the progressive politics bit. As a libertarian, I find that I agree with progressives on a few things; but there's an air about most (not all!) self-styled progressives that annoys me. I don't know of any organized events going on, but if you want to come to North Carolina, gimme a shout. I'm off work from about 7 hours ago, until January 4th, 2011. I intend to spend basically the entire time (barring a trip to the coast to visit my family for about 2 days) hacking away on my projects and consuming potentially dangerous quantities of caffeine. :-) Clickable: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2020416 Some Google searching turns up one strong contender (hint "palo alto" and "location based"), but I edited this to take the actual name out. If it's them, and they have good reasons for remaining anonymous right now, then so be it. My dad was definitely entrepreneurial, but he wasn't a technology guy at all. The businesses he ran when I was a kid included: running a pulpwood truck, cutting down trees and hauling logs to the mills; building docks and bulkheads for people with houses on the water; building a selling crab traps; running a dump truck, hauling fill dirt and doing ground grading / leveling / etc; running a small-time shrimping operation, and uh, probably a couple more I'm forgetting. He never made it "big time" doing any of the above, although he would sometimes go years at a time making it OK doing one of those things, but he always wound up going back to a "day job." Then, after hurting his back on the job and being forced to more or less retire, he started a business doing cement pouring / finishing, and that's the one where he kinda "made it." He is very well established now doing that and makes pretty good living at it. So yeah, watching my dad as a kid definitely taught me something about persistence and the value of hard-work; and certainly contributed to my desire to do my own thing. Yeah, I hang out on #startups on Freenode with the other gomers from here. :-) I'm usually on as 'mindcrime' there. I don't necessarily know of any one book that meets all of your friends requirements, but... Tracy Kidder's The Soul of a New Machine might be good for your friend. http://www.amazon.com/Soul-New-Machine-Tracy-Kidder/dp/03164... Another good option might be Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software by Charles Petzold. http://www.amazon.com/Code-Language-Computer-Hardware-Softwa... Or, how about Coders at Work ? http://www.amazon.com/Coders-Work-Reflections-Craft-Programm... Another one that I have (but haven't had time to read yet) is Dreaming in Code: Two Dozen Programmers, Three Years, 4,732 Bugs, and One Quest for Transcendent Software by Scott Rosenberg. It might have something that your friend would find interesting. http://www.amazon.com/Dreaming-Code-Programmers-Transcendent... Another one that may be inspirational, although it's more about personalities than computer science per-se, would be Steven Levy's Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution. http://www.amazon.com/Hackers-Computer-Revolution-Steven-Lev... Who sees Facebook as "professional?" It strikes me as a haven for noise from stupid games and ridiculous apps that are trivially amusing at best. I can't help but think that if the world needs another social network (something I am not sure of in the first place) that one niche that needs to be filled is "useful social network;" something for professionals who are looking to get work done. Yeah, LinkedIn touches on that, but seems to be more about cataloging connections than about collaborating with people. Anyway, what - in you guys' mind - would make a site (say, Tumblr) "hip and cool" where Facebook isn't? I remember a time when people spoke of Facebook as being for "The college aged crowd" and Myspace for "the high-school aged crowd." But now the perception - accurate or not - seems to be that pretty much everyone has abandoned Myspace (teenager or otherwise). I've noticed that all of my teenage relatives seem to be on Facebook... so what happened? Did teenagers leave Myspace and go to Facebook en masse? Or are teenagers still using Myspace, and I just don't notice it because I'm not part of that circle anymore? Are most teens actually on Facebook now, or are my cousins all just weird? Heh, so of course when I try to sign up, I get a mondo gnarly "We'll be back shortly. Our servers are over capacity and certain pages may be temporarily unavailable. We're incredibly sorry for the inconvenience" message. :-) I'll be working mostly on Quoddy ( https://github.com/fogbeam/Quoddy ), but may also work on Neddick ( https://github.com/fogbeam/Neddick ) a little. Both are part of something called ScrewPile: http://code.google.com/p/screwpile/ I'll also be spending some time with the Programming Scala book, and probably fiddling around with Twitter's FlockDB ( https://github.com/twitter/flockdb/ ) a little. Well, those guys/gals chose to become cops; knowing it was a risky career. That is all completely orthogonal to the point that public servants must be held accountable to their employer - the public. Police even more so, since "society" gives them something that - in essence - NO one else is given... a monopoly on the "legal" use of force. If you're going to send guys with guns around - assuming that they have the authority to use violence to conduct their jobs - and they're being paid out of my tax dollars, and claiming to be part of an organization that represents me; I damn sure expect to be able to monitor them. if they have to worry about being video taped all the time they will be less effective in this job. Too bad. You can't give people guns and mace and handcuffs and a "legal right" to use force, and then say "you can't ask them to be accountable for their actions." I'm working on wiring Shindig[1] into my project - Quoddy[2] - to allow Quoddy to host OpenSocial[3] applications. I've also been spending some time going through the Programming Scala book. 1: http://shindig.apache.org 2: https://github.com/fogbeam/Quoddy 3: http://code.google.com/apis/opensocial/ Stuff I seem to always have open: GMail Hacker News Reddit Twitter localhost:8080 Heh, it's always funny to hear youngsters talk about what's "old" to them. And even funnier, is that pretty much every group has an older group looking back and going "you kids don't know what old is yet, now get the hell off my lawn." Late 20's is young as shit to me.... now you 60+ year old fossils who might be hanging around can go write some COBOL or whatever it is you do... There are hackers out there looking for a "business guy" to "marry," but... the "business guy" has to bring more to the table than just an idea. If I partnered up with a "business guy" I'd be expecting somebody with some serious chops when it comes to prospecting and selling (and closing!), some useful connections to potential customers, partners and/or investors, and some knowledge of how to do business development and marketing. And if he knows at least a little bit about accounting and taxes, that would be a bonus. But wanna-be Jack Welches who think their idea alone is enough to stand on, "if I can just find a hacker to build it" are a dime a dozen. So don't be surprised when you don't find a veritable onslaught of hackers lining up to beat down your door. Anyway, to answer your question "Where to find a good hacker?" Well... there are lots of places. Starting here is a decent bet, but look for meetups in or near your town... if there is a HN meetup, or any technical user-group (Ruby User's Group, Java User's Group, Linux User's Group, Perl Mongers, whatever) go find them and start hanging out with those folks. Use LinkedIn, poke around sites like Quora and the various StackExchange sites... just don't be too obnoxious with the solicitations, or you'll piss off people who might otherwise be willing to help. CS departments at area universities might give you useful leads as well. But read this: http://www.cs.uni.edu/~wallingf/blog/archives/monthly/2010-1... before calling up CS professors. Some other food for thought: http://www.cs.uni.edu/~wallingf/blog/archives/monthly/2010-1... http://blogs.law.harvard.edu/philg/2010/10/05/social-network... I could conceivably see myself doing that, but the people doing the reviewing would have to have some serious credentials, and I'd have to believe it would be more than a cursory glance and a cookie-cutter response. The vast majority of what I've written and released is under the Apache License, V2.0. I've also put some stuff out under the LGPLv2. I tend to favor fairly liberal licenses, but I could see the merits of going GPL at some point. What I don't ever intend to use are any "badgeware" licenses (CAPL, I'm looking at you) or the Affero GPL. The AGPL just seems wrong to me. I get what they're trying to do, but I just don't see hosting a service running software "X" as constituting "distributing software X." I'd use the AGPL if I open-sourced a non-trivial webapp most likely, especially if it were a business rather than a side project, but probably not if it were just libraries or something of that sort. Fair enough. I could see how someone in that position would find the AGPL appealing. FWIW, there's already a thread on this topic: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2026716 But to answer the question: I started out with a goal of integrating Apache Shindig[1] into Quoddy[2] to enable OpenSocial[3] support. A very basic version of that is up and working, so now I'm working on refining the account / profile "stuff" in Quoddy and factoring out some common code for use in another project[4]. I'm also trying to get in a fair bit of reading. I had started Googled [5] before the break, and I finished that earlier today. I'd also started Simply Complexity [6], which I finished sometime in the last 24 hours or so (time is starting to become a fuzzy concept to me here). Then I read The Facebook Effect [7] which I just finished up a few minutes ago, and now I'm starting to re-read Bill Gates' Business @ The Speed of Thought [8]. Once I finish that, I'm hoping to find time to squeeze in The Art of Enterprise Information Architecture [9] and - if things go smashingly well - Complexity - A Guided Tour [10]. 1: http://shindig.apache.org 2: https://github.com/fogbeam/Quoddy 3: http://www.opensocial.org 4: https://github.com/fogbeam/Neddick 5: http://www.amazon.com/Googled-End-World-As-Know/dp/014311804... 6: http://www.amazon.com/Simply-Complexity-Clear-Guide-Theory/d... 7: http://www.amazon.com/Facebook-Effect-Inside-Company-Connect... 8: http://www.amazon.com/Business-Speed-Thought-Succeeding-Digi... 9: http://www.amazon.com/Art-Enterprise-Information-Architectur... 10: http://www.amazon.com/Complexity-Guided-Tour-Melanie-Mitchel... Well, I don't go back to work at my $DAYJOB until the 4th of Jan., so I still have quite a bit of time for reading / hacking in front of me. :-) Since as Marx shows this is not really in the interest of the upper classes (that is: tyranny and extreme poverty are precisely what leads to a violent reaction by the down-trodden) it may be that It's not just about violent reactions; simply because extreme poverty does not benefit the very rich in economic terms... in fact, it harms them. And some (maybe a few, maybe most, who knows?) of the very rich understand this; look at what Larry Page and Sergey Brin did in establishing Google's charitable foundation. They understood that - in the end - their ability to grow their business requires a population of healthy, productive, engaged people to do Google searches. it may be that, through the miracle of technology's abundance, we will continue on a track where we all have a high quality of life, but only a smaller and smaller pool of people "own" the production engines. If anything, technology seems to be making it easier and easier for people with less capital to produce things. In "our world" (that is, computers, software, web-based consumer sites, etc.) it's already possible to build a software startup with a negligible amount of money. Open Source Software and cheap hosting from Linode, Slicehost, etc. have made this stuff way accessible. And even in the world of physical goods, every time we turn around we're hearing more about cheap 3d printers that make it possible to spit out real world physical items without a big, expensive factory. Print-on-demand books make it possible to become an author / publisher for almost no cost. And the "print on demand" concept has been applied to other areas... have artistic talent? You can quickly be in the business of selling your art via the Internet, as clothes, prints, etc. Now granted, doing something like making jet engines or automobiles still takes a lot of up-front capital, but still... I think the trend is towards more and more forms of production becoming more and more accessible to everyone. http://www.programmableweb.com/apis Interns? Just give them pizza for lunch and dinner, and enough money to eat fish 'n chips or curry on the weekends; and provide 'em all the beer they can drink. But make it decent beer at least... Clickable http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1013531 Cool, I didn't post in that thread, so I can now make all sorts of claims about what my goals really were. :-) all joking aside, I did not achieve everything I wanted in 2010, but I made some solid progress, and I'm looking forward to 2011. My "real" goal was to have a product shipping that I could try to sell, in 2010. I got distracted and lost some time around the middle of the year, and fell short of that goal. But I at least have some demoable stuff, and I now realize that that's fine, since I want to apply Blank's Customer Development Methodology before I go any further. So my goal for 2011, is to get started doing Customer Development, and both find "product / market fit" and finish a product. Groovy on Grails ( http://www.grails.org ) I can see the listing fine, and it shows a lot of your submissions in [dead] status. Why they are in dead status, I cannot say. The FAQ says that things go "dead" usually because they're either spam or duplicates. That or maybe you ticked off one of the editors? You might want to look at the Incremental Funding Methodology stuff: http://www.softwarebynumbers.org/ Hey, most people probably believe that NURV was really Microsoft, and that they really do murder open-source hackers and steal their code; and bribe government officials... not a big leap to assassination. http://www.startuplessonslearned.com/2008/11/what-is-custome... http://steveblank.com/category/customer-development/ http://venturehacks.com/articles/customer-development http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0976470705 http://www.amazon.com/New-Business-Road-Test-entrepreneurs/d... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5E38frHo1U etc. I honestly don't know. It depends on how you define "started programming." I remember messing around, typing in BASIC programs with my Bally Arcade console back when I was about 9/10 or so, but my interest in that fizzled out for one reason or another, and I didn't get back into programming until I started writing C code in college when I was about 19. I've been programming continuously since then. There are a lot of variables in play, and I really have no idea if this holds up for any particular woman or not. But as a guy, who spends a lot of time talking to other guys about approaching / meeting / dating women, I can definitely say that - in my experience - there is absolutely an "intimidation" effect where men will avoid the hotter women because they assume that: A. "she's out of my league and wouldn't be interested." B. "she is that hot, she probably gets hit on all the time and is therefore probably snooty / bitchy towards strange guys." C. "she can have any guy she wants, so surely she's dating some bigshot executive with a rolls-royce and a private jet... no point in little ole me going over and talking to her." D. "etc." Not saying that all guys do this, or that all guys do it in all situations, but there is something plausible about this. What kind of conditions do they impose on you as a part of the program? Is there any stuff like "an app built using Bizspark that supports Microsoft office cannot also support OpenOffice / LibreOffice," or "your app can't be open-source?" Etc? Is it just software, or do they provide any sort of assistance with doing the integration with their stuff? I'm curious since I could see a use for Sharepoint integration and even Outlook / Office integration for some of what I'm working on, but I'd still be leery of the whole "it's a trap" thing with Microsoft. Thousand... twenty-two thousand. Hmmm... when I tried that URL in Chrome, I get: "You attempted to reach www.microsoft.com, but the certificate that the server presented has been revoked by its issuer. This means that the security credentials the server presented absolutely should not be trusted. You may be communicating with an attacker. You should not proceed." Just FYI... Other: Groovy. I like to do it just to piss off the poor sods who care so much about trivialities like that. My attitude towards arbitrary procedure-for-it's-own-sake can pretty much be summed up as "fuck it." and no congressman can be anti-TSA, because that's tantamount to being anti-security. Ron Paul has been pretty vocal in his dislike for the TSA. I'm pretty sure there are startups using any and all of the listed options, along with Scala, Erlang, Clojure, Haskell, Common Lisp, OCaml, Java, C, C++, Standard ML, Prolog, C#, Visual Basic, Ada, Tcl, Perl, COBOL, FORTRAN, RPG/400, APL, Pascal, JCL, PL/I, GW-BASIC, Whitespace, Befunge, Brainfuck, and Intercal. IMO: Learn something you find interesting, instead of worrying about "what do I learn to get hired." You'll be happier in the long run. That said, don't underestimate the power of "COBOL on COGS." http://www.coboloncogs.org/INDEX.HTM Good old capitalism, always there to turn nice things into shit. And what about all the "nice things" we probably wouldn't have without capitalism? How many drugs and labor-saving devices are in widespread use today because somebody saw a chance to make a profit by producing them? Exactly. Reddit is especially nice if you want to see things broken down by topic: For example, if I want semantic web news, I go to /r/semanticweb, if I want a dose of machine learning stuff, it's /r/machinelearning, etc. The closest to "cool, shiny and new" I got was Scala. And I never found time to dig as deeply into it as I wanted, so I still haven't done any meaningful coding in it yet. But I did sit down last week and spent a couple of days working through the Programming Scala book, and one of my major goals in 2011 is to learn Scala well. Other than that, the stuff I did this year that was merely "new to me" was mostly about Groovy and Grails. I spent a ton of time working with Grails, and I'm really liking it. I want big money with no risk. And I want Natalie Portman, Elisabeth Shue and Olivia Wilde to show up at my door, naked and bearing hot grits... but that ain't gonna happen either. Life doesn't always give you what you want. Tough, huh? That kind of thinking perfectly represents why I'll probably never get married. No, she isn't always right. Nobody is always right. Women just think they can yank men's strings with the threat of A. witholding sex, and/or B. divorce (marriage / divorce laws heavily favor women, at least in the US.) Before I'd even consider getting married, I'd have to know that my wife to be understands that we're equals in the relationship... I'm not kowtowing to her, and I wouldn't expect her to kowtow to me. But no way would I ever voluntarily enter into such a lopsided relationship as the typical American marriage, where the wife has her husband "by the balls." If nothing else, it's a good argument for keeping one's pickup skills sharp, just so the wife knows that "withholding sex" isn't much of a threat. And a good argument for a well-written pre-nup. Also, it might be worth reading what Roissy has to say on the subject: http://roissy.wordpress.com/2008/01/14/dont-get-married/ Finish techpreview2 of Neddick ( https://github.com/fogbeam/Neddick ) Finish techpreview1 of Quoddy ( https://github.com/fogbeam/Quoddy ) Finish techpreview1 of Heceta ( https://github.com/fogbeam/Heceta ) Get out of the office (well, my apartment) and get in front of some potential customers and start soliciting feedback. Use Steve Blank's Customer Development Methodology. Spend some serious time researching the competition in this space; figure out how my vision fits in with Microsoft Sharepoint... am I building a Sharepoint complement or a Sharepoint killer (so to speak)? Decide if there's going to be a SaaS model for this stuff, and - if there is - what goes into it, and start exploring building out the SaaS version (probably on Amazon's infrastructure, but we'll see.) Depending on the results of some of the above goals: Maybe find a co-founder to work with. If things go bloody smashingly well, maybe look for investment dollars. Eh, there are goals beyond that, but I don't want to project out to far, because I've never been terribly good at predicting the future. "Close a sale," for example, would be a nice goal. But I don't know if it's realistic for 2011 or not. How about a "Hacker New App Status Tracker" app? Something where HN hackers can post a list of the apps they're working on, basic details, start date, expected completion date, etc. Make it searchable by username, programming language, category, etc. Have a "hall of fame" for users who complete lots of stuff, and a "hall of shame" for, well... you know. I don't mean a project management tool, or anything that has a lot (if any) of formal value. More like something for people here to use to A. stroke their ego, B. show off to their peers, and C. (most importantly) get encouragement from their peers. Maybe have something like Facebook's "poke" button where you can poke somebody who's behind on delivering their app. :-) Anyway... just an idea. It means don't argue about unimportant things. If your spouse wants something that you don't have a strong opinion about then roll with it. Don't sweat the small stuff. Maybe to you... I know more than a few of my guy friends who literally let their wives control them "by the balls" so to speak, and don't have that healthy balance. But anyway, yeah, what you just said, I'm down with that, when you put it that way. If you're keeping your pickup skills sharp, you haven't really gotten married, you just did some mock ceremony and happen to be living together. I have to admit, my views on the nature of sex, romance, dating, marriage are NOT inline with the majority of society; so it comes as no surprise that you would say that. I really think the whole idea of life-long monogamous relationships is basically a farce... I'm basically polyamorous, but can see the merits of interludes of monogamy....serial monogamy if you will. or just go learn how to pick up girls. the skills are relevant to entrepreneurs. In fact, the PUA guys have taken a lot of ideas from the exact same sources that are used by sales-people, marketers, etc. For example, Robert Cialdini's book Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion is a popular read amongst PUAs. You'll also see those guys recommending various books on sales and presentation skills, recommending improv classes (something else sales guys sometimes do), etc. So yeah, there's definitely a sort of connection there... :-) There's an older - but possibly still useful - set of video lectures (a Google Tech Talk series) covering this class from 2007. Day one is here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRsMEl6PHhM Forget all this crap... if you need to remote out the UI part of some complicated app, just write a Java front-end and deploy it using JNLP. Let web-browsers remain good at what they're good at, and what they were meant for: Browsing the web. Web browsers make great hypermedia navigation / browsing tools... but they're really not so great at being the universal standard remote client interface for complex applications. :-( Honestly, for me, it has a lot to do with a general feeling of having something to prove. Not just to other people, but to myself. I grew up dirt poor in rural southeast NC, but never felt like I was any less capable or important than anybody else. But I haven't done anything to make a mark on the world yet, so I feel driven to do something, to "be somebody" or whatever you want to call it. If you've seen that old movie "Vision Quest" I guess you could say that I feel a bit like Louden Swaine did. Except I'm already a lot older than that character was in the movie. I don't think there is any particularly accurate way to assess "potential" objectively. Maybe some of these things can give you a (very) vague indication, but I wouldn't put much stock in any of them, personally. I think a better question would be "How do I help people live up to the potential they do have?" should be able to do this without being called out for asking a newbie question. Nope, sorry. Participating in the community means taking the good with the bad and vice versa. You may not like being "called out" and the OP may or may not be justified in doing so, but it's part of the nature of things. You don't have to like it, but it will happen. I don't consider HN a Q/A site first and foremost anyway; so no. I tend to see HN as a news aggregator that also happens to allow questions. That said, for me personally, for any question that I'd be prone to post to Ask HN, I'd likely cross-post to Quora as well Honestly, it's hard to say. I don't think I'm driven much by obvious and immediate peer influence, since I can't remember the last time I bought anything... mp3 player, car, clothes, etc. based on any influence from a close friend. I have pretty specific tastes in each of those things, and I tend to buy what I want based on my own criteria. Now how much my tastes - in general - where shaped by the influence of others in an indirect sense, is hard to say. For example, the last portable music player I bought was chosen specifically because it was the biggest device the local Best Buy had in stock that supports Ogg Vorbis. I favor patent unencumbered formats like Ogg, and am trying to get away from using mp3s in general. So, how much did my friends, colleagues, etc. influence my stance as a free software, open standards, open source, etc. ideologue? I have no idea. Same for my last car... I bought a Mazda RX-8 because I like fast, sporty little cars; not because any of my friends have RX-8's (ok, one friend has one, but I didn't know it when I bought mine.) But who's to say why I like fast, black, sports cars? I look at it more as a matter of accretion, over the course of decades, and the influence of many sources... not something I can pin on any specific (small) set of immediate influencers. Clothes? Hmmm.. I don't dress like anybody I know, since I like to wear waist-coats and cravats with jeans. It's an eclectic taste I glommed together from bits & pieces of various influences.... being a Doctor Who fan, liking the Steampunk genre, Victorian era fiction, etc. Now is any of that purely rational? Hell no. There's definitely a peer influence, "glommed together from bits over time" aesthetic. But there is (sometimes) a rational aspect mixed in. Like choosing a certain music player because of it's format support and storage capacity, or choosing Mazda because they have a good quality reputation, etc. I guess that was a lot of words to say "I don't know," but that's kinda it. It's hard to isolate the different factors that go into these decisions. Wow, somebody else from the east coast? I'm in North Carolina. I think there's one or two more of us around here, somewhere... Learn Clojure Learn Scala Teach myself Calculus, Differential Equations, Linear Algebra, Probability & Statistics Dive deeper into data mining, machine learning, and AI stuff. Yeah, right. Let me know how that works out for ya. Like anybody is going to trust something like this, when the US Federal Government has it's fingers in the pie. This thing is dead in the water from day 0. This idea is about as dead as the Norwegian Blue. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npjOSLCR2hE Maybe not, but if you're going to dream, dream big, that's what I always say. Only makes it more important that we get decentralized identity mechanisms (key based id) up and running sooner rather than later. Yeah, no doubt. :-) What part of NC are you guys from? I'm Triangle area (Chapel Hill, specifically.) In any case, shoot me an email sometime, we should get together and chat sometime or other. If I may ask, what particular problem are you trying to solve? Making enterprise software that doesn't suck. :-) All joking aside, I've been involved in more than my share of big, complex enterprise projects, so I have my own ideas on what could be done better. But I thought it would be good to solicit some feedback from others, on what they consider the "pain points" to be, when it comes to the stuff that's widely available today. Definitely flag/downvote any of the /. crowd stuff... anything that smacks of an Internet meme probably deserves to be done away with. These two sentences seem contradictory to me. They don't sound remotely contradictory to me. Heat and humidity FTW, as far as I'm concerned. Cold weather bites. :-( How is Evan Prodromou a poor candidate? I don't know him personally, but he seems to have solid credentials. Well, depending on the details of what you're doing, you may find it very straightforward to use Apache Solr[1]. It's basically a search engine in a box, other than getting the content indexed. It'll be up to you to figure out how to take whatever content it is that you're searching, and get it into the index. If Solr is overkill for what you're doing, you can easily build a simple search engine using Lucene[2] directly (Solr builds on Lucene). Nutch[3] might also be worth a look. There's also a really good free book on Information Retrieval available[4]. [1]: http://lucene.apache.org/solr/ [2]: http://lucene.apache.org [3]: http://nutch.apache.org/ [4]: http://nlp.stanford.edu/IR-book/information-retrieval-book.h... Not to take anything away from these guys... but big chunks of what constitutes a "social network" like Facebook go back many more years than this. Go back to the 1980's (at least) and look at folks dialing into BBSs with dial-up modems (acoustic couplers, even!) and phreaks using telco loopback test circuits to set up illicit conference calls, etc. The idea of an online "social circle" was very real back then as well. How often do you have the fear that someone will beat you to a working product? Hah, it's a little late for that, here. Some of the ideas I was chewing on in 2006 or so, were a bit novel then, but probably only a bit. But I lolly-gagged around, didn't stay focused, and never delivered anything. Now there are a billion companies playing in the space I'm interested in (in a vague sense). At this point, I'm not really focusing on having some ground-breaking new idea that revolutionizes anything, I just want to focus on some specific things and try to be better in a few areas, and maybe introduce one or two ideas / features that may still be a little bit novel. Basically I go back to what Bob Parsons (of Godaddy fame) had to say (paraphrased slightly) "Don't be afraid of a crowded market, just be better than everybody else." You mean Facemash? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Facebook#Facemash BTW, on this note.. the book In Search of Stupidity makes an interesting argument about marketing high-tech products... the idea being that the race goes to the entity that avoids making the stupid, crippling mistake. In other words, you don't have to be faster, smarter, stronger, etc. than the competition; you just have to be patient and avoid that one big f%!#-up that takes them down. Ok, that's paraphrased slightly, but that's the gist of it. For more: http://www.insearchofstupidity.com/ How can anybody named CobraKai talk about fear, anyway?!?? C'mon man, Cobra Kai never Dies! Fear, does not exist in this Dojo!!! Your homework, is to go and watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8lUt0Ile00 and write "Put him in a body bag" 100 times on the whiteboard. Luckily this is a self-correcting problem. When the grads from all the "second tier" schools, ranging from MIT to the various community colleges, start their own firms and ultimately eat these guys' lunch, it'll become a moot point. I'm working on something like that, actually. Using machine-learning and personalization around tags is a big part of my current project. Unfortunately it's not ready yet... Feel free to shoot me an email though, if you'd like to say informed on the progress. I am as old as dust and time and the fabric of the universe. Now I know how all those COBOL programmers felt. If it makes you feel any better, I'm 37, which is like 259 in developer years. I could see something like that being useful. Would be nice if you could select a category for "what kind of question" do you want. I'd also like to see immediate feedback after each question, including an explanation of how to solve the question properly (if the wrong answer is submitted). I could see paying for a service like that. Especially if the scope of the material ranged all the way from high-school algebra through - at least - college level calc, diff eq, linear algebra, etc. I say this as somebody who's just now attempting to go back through his old college algebra/calc notes, refresh on calc, and then trying to teach himself differential equations and linear algebra. For somebody like me, a site like this could be really, really useful. Read these two posts, you may find something useful therein. http://www.cs.uni.edu/~wallingf/blog/archives/monthly/2010-1... http://www.cs.uni.edu/~wallingf/blog/archives/monthly/2010-1... There might be some inspiration here as well: http://www.tnr.com/article/books-and-arts/78081/sorkin-zucke... None of this is exactly an answer; but some of the ideas may help you formulate something to give to people to help explain the role of the hacker. Yeah, this stuff is written more for us than for the business types. But you could probably take some of that and use it to help formulate a post of your own... if you're so inclined. Anyway, it's food for thought if nothing else. That sounds pretty awesome to me. Build it and I'd probably sign up. Clicky: http://www.lipitk.sourceforge.net/ Get them to read some books on complexity theory and emergent behavior; convince them that real life is definitely a "complex system" and point out that no group of 5-6 men could possibly control the emergent behavior of such a system. There are just too many independent, autonomous agents competing to fulfill their own desires and interests. The lack of knowledge alone would be enough to ensure that such a thing couldn't happen. Now that's not to say that there aren't cabals of people who do wield influence over certain things, or cabals of people who want to control things, or who think they control things. Take the group of bankers who run the Fed, for example... that's a fairly small group of people who have a fair amount of ability to influence things (in the US anyway). But that's still far removed from the kind of detailed control that the conspiracy theorists usually talk about. What would be your definition of established? 3 months on HN? 6 months on HN? 1 year on HN? karma > 200? karma > 500? Some combination of the above? Something else? Not trying to be facetious, I'm genuinely interested to know what your criteria for this would be. Edit: I see that this whole issue received quite a bit of discussion a few months ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1861577 Sure, and I should have said that I would only have expected a "ballpark range" answer. I think something like this is always going to have some fuzziness to it, especially if pg (or whoever else has power to kill posts) is making a kill/no-kill decision on a one off basis, as opposed to having it done by an algorithm. Just curious to get a rough feel, that's all. I mean, take myself... my account is 1013 days old, and my karma is > 500, but subjectively, I still think of myself as being a newb around here. I'd probably post a "Rate my Startup" thread if I had something ready to go, but I'd probably say that I feel just barely qualified to do so. Awww, that is mondo righteous! Go Knuth! I just hope he lives long enough to complete the rest of the book(s) he has planned. This thing took so long that it's, like, the Duke Nukem Forever of CS books. :-( I think it would be very handy. Not everybody realizes that the email you put in your profile isn't publicly visible; so they don't bother putting additional contact info in their "about" section. Yes, it's true that "if you want to talk to somebody badly enough, you can probably hunt down their email address" but why add friction to the process? Ok, I get the folks who uses it as a filter "if you're too lazy, or not smart enough, and can't find my email, I don't want to talk to you." Fine, but I doubt most people feel that way. And that just argues for making the feature optional (that is, let users set a "receive PMs (Yes/No)" flag in their profile. Iuguy makes an interesting point though: Besides, you can always reply to someone's comment and ask for a way to get in touch with them. The problem with that, as I see it, is that such a message is usually going to be (relative to the rest of the conversation) off-topic noise that nobody else cares about. I think you have too many "things" in there, to gain any real mastery of any one of them in just a year. How much Java can you learn in two months? How much Haskell? How much Python? In either case, I'd say it's doubtful you're going to learn enough to really be able to execute an idea. OTOH, if you spent 6 months on one of Java OR Python OR Haskell, I think you'd have a fighting chance at getting far enough to be able to get something done. That said... Haskell is, by all accounts, a fine language. I want to learn it myself, and have nothing against it. But... it has a reputation for being difficult to learn, and I'd question if it has the degree of support, in terms of libraries, community, documentation, etc., that something like Java, Python, PHP or Ruby has. For a beginner going for an MVP, I'd really seriously question if Haskell would be a great choice. As far as Java... I am most definitely NOT one of the "Java basher" crowd, and I'm actually a big proponent of Java. But it's not the best language to use if you're trying to do Rapid Application Development, and if you want to move fast. For getting an MVP out the door, I honestly think you might be better off with a different choice. But if you go with Java, look at some frameworks like Wicket or Play that can help you out. Personally, if I were advising a beginning hacker, and they wanted to do what you're trying to do, I'd say pick one of Groovy/Grails, Ruby/Rails or Python/Pylons (or maybe django), and focus on that, while mixing in some exposure to HTML, CSS, and Javascript as you go. Oh, and you'll want to learn at least the basics of some sort of persistence mechanism. NoSQL solutions are very en-vogue these days, but traditional RDBMSs still have a role to play as well. I'd recommend learning the basics of using SQL with PostgreSQL, and the basics of one of the popular NoSQL systems. For what it's worth, this: http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html speaks a little bit to your first question. It seems that they are definitely interested in areas other than just consumer-facing web and mobile applications. As to the rest... I'll be interested to hear those answers as well. I get what you're saying, but to be fair... is there any particular reason to suggest that a hoodie is more indicative of not having sold your soul, than, say, wearing a three piece suit? I mean, yeah, the hacker stereotype is what it is, and sure most of us favor jeans and t-shirts (and maybe hoodies) most of the time... but I'm reasonably sure there are a few hackers out there who wear suits at least sometimes, simply because they like doing so. Hell, to be honest, I don't mind going the "dandied up" route every now and then myself. But the key - in my mind at least - is that I do it when I feel like it, and because it's something I like, not because it's something somebody else expects me to do. Anyway... just a thought. Cool, it deserved it. It was an excellent movie. The Social Network was my own personal pick for "best movie of 2010", although - to be fair - I didn't see every movie released in 2010. But I would rank it above Inception , Shutter Island , Tron:Legacy , True Grit , Harry Potter , and Red - out of the other good movies that come to mind from last year. Nice pacing, good acting, great score, inspirational, entertaining, thought-provoking, it really had everything. It was a great trip inside the world that a lot of us live in / aspire to live in. Maybe a non-hacker wouldn't see it in quite the same light, but I really thought it was just excellent. Maybe you could find something here? http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html I'd like to learn programming but I have trouble finding the right starting place. There is no right starting place. There are lots of good starting places though. What have you looked at so far? Have you tried anything yet? What language should I pick up if I am interested in creating a dynamic website? Expect at least one "use X" answer from fanbois of every language "X" in existence. Ultimately you can use Java, Python, Groovy, Scala, Ruby, Clojure, Haskell, Erlang, Fortran, or COBOL; whatever floats your boat. But if you're looking for a recommendation for a language that's particularly good for "Getting started," I'll throw out Groovy, Python and Ruby as good choices, especially if your interest is in building web-apps. You'll also want to learn some Javascript in either case. How can one get started learning something like Python or JQuery? Buy a book titled something like "Learning Python" or "JQuery in Action." Google "Python tutorial" or "JQuery tutorial." Go to the python.org website and/or the jquery.org website and browse the docs... look for links like "tutorial" or "Getting started." Start writing code. Get stuck, Google for answers... get really stuck, post questions on Stackoverflow or on relevant mailing lists. Pick a project to build and start building it... iterate over those last few steps. Find a user's group for the language you pick in your area. Attend the meetings and "hack nights" (if they do something like that.) Write more code. Look for interesting videos on youtube, watch those. The Google Tech Talks series offers all sorts of stuff. Write up a blog post when you learn something cool or implement something interesting. Fork interesting projects on Github and play around with them. Make some minor improvement or add some new feature. Release an open-source project on Github. If you get that far, you should be good to go. Never stop learning though. Edit: Also, read this: http://www.catb.org/~esr/faqs/hacker-howto.html You might also want to browse through some of pg's essays, if you haven't already: http://www.paulgraham.com/articles.html What happens when your startup has hit "cruising altitude"[1]? I'm not there yet, so my daily life is: (M-F) 1. Wake up after getting far less sleep than I really need, because I stayed up too late hacking on my project. 2. Go to work at $DAYJOB. Spend ~8 hours there, doing mostly mind-numbingly boring work. Drink too much coffee. Go for a walk around lunch-time. 3a. Leave $DAYJOB, drive to Barnes & Noble. Drink an espresso containing drink of some sort, browse the books and magazines, maybe buy something. Sit in the cafe and hack on my project for anywhere from an hour to 4 hours. OR 3b. Leave $DAYJOB, drive home. Put on a pot of coffee, spend rest of the evening hacking, excluding time taken to cook dinner (and possibly walk to the grocery store for provisions.) 4. Stay up too late hacking, researching, reading, and wishing there was a way to magically shrink my TODO list. lather, rinse, repeat. Sometimes steps 3-4 may be replaced with "Leave $DAYJOB, go to a user group meeting, or meet somebody for drinks/dinner after work." Fri-Sun: 1. Get off $DAYJOB on Friday evening. Drive home, put on coffee, sit down in the chair with the laptop, start coding. Continue until bleary eyed and verging on collapse (usually about 6-7am). Get up Sat. about 12:00-1:00, watch tv, surf the 'net for a bit, idle around the house for a while to let the brain rest. About 3:00'ish, sit down and start hacking again. Go until 8:00 or so, get up, go to Barnes & Noble, drink a latte or something, code for another hour or two. Drive back home, watch a movie or something, then stay up coding until ??? (3-4am usually). Go to sleep. Get up Sunday, write more code for a couple of hours, then do laundry, then back to coding, and misc. "stuff" (plan schedule for the coming week, update TODO list, send emails requesting meetings, blah, blah.) There are exceptions to that basic pattern from time to time, and that's obviously leaving out a lot of details, but that's the basic pattern of my life right now; FWIW. $215? When I clicked through to the book, I see "Available from these sellers. 9 used from $597.95" WTF?!?? http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0444875085 I'll be happy to have Java 7 just for the new VM with InvokeDynamic . I've pretty much moved on from writing "plain old Java" and am using Groovy heavily, while also learning Scala and Clojure. One of the biggest knocks against Groovy has always been performance, so if InvokeDynamic helps the Groovy team amp up Groovy's performance, that'll be a big win in my book. And if it helps JRuby, Scala, Jython, Clojure, or any other JVM languages (which it should... I think the JRuby guys are really excited about this), then so much the better. Aaah, I see. Still, I give a big "WTF?!??" to the idea of paying $597 for any version of this book. I mean, I'm sure it's a good book, but $597 worth???? Heck, even $215 seems a bit crazy. Mondo radical... looking forward to getting my hands on a copy of this. I've been going through that one Google Tech Talks video series on data mining videos ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFC2KUmEebc ), and one older book on data mining. This is gnarly stuff. Clickable link: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/calendar/16046955... I took 3 100 level business courses: Intro to Business, Intro to Marketing and Intro to Business Law. I'd recommend anybody with entrepreneurial ambitions take something similar. Of the three, I'd say the Intro to Marketing had the most useful information in it. Taking at least 1 course in Accounting probably wouldn't be a bad idea either. You might also find some value in Statistics courses, and other Maths courses that aren't part of your CS degree. But data from web analytics firm Compete shows that Wilson’s blog now ranks second in average monthly uniques. The top spot belongs to Paul Graham, who runs seed-capital firm Y Combinator. Alright, way to go pg! And thanks again for all the great advice and information you provide. I usually start with a pretty rough mental image of what I want, maybe draw a few rough sketches / diagrams / whatever on paper or on the whiteboard, then just start building and let it evolve. Once I have enough built to feel comfortable showing it to people, I start showing it around and soliciting feedback. As things evolve, I may start writing down use cases or capability cases on paper (well not literally paper, but an OO.org document or a text file, whatever.) And since all of the stuff I'm working on now (outside of $DAYJOB) is open source, this stuff usually winds up on a blog somewhere for the world to see. Here's an example of my first stab at using Capability Cases to describe something: http://www.jroller.com/openqabal/entry/so_what_s_a_capabilit... Note: I don't claim this "system" is the best - or even particularly good - it's just how I happen to work. Yeah, I found The Social Network very inspiring as well, on multiple levels. I'd like the opportunity to work with a team like that, where everybody is really on the same page, motivated, and sharing a vision. Most of the corporate-drone jobs I've had have been anything but that. More like "the land of lost souls" where everybody is shuffling around trying to do as little as possible while not getting fired, and avoiding their micromanaging PHB. I can't say that money and status and all that stuff isn't a strong motivation as well though. The idea of founding a company, and having it break big, then cashing out (either through an acquisition, IPO, whatever) is awfully alluring. For me, it's a combination of A. wanting more freedom (and by implication, responsibility), B. wanting to work with an awesome team on something cool, and C. wanting a crack at one day making "FU money." Unfortunately I haven't gotten very far yet with finding other like minded people to get involved with my current project; but I remain hopeful. There's even a little bit of activity on the /r/cobol subreddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/cobol Clicky link thingie: http://www.meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/calendar/16046955... Not necessarily technical, but possibly still of interest: Stanford's Entrepreneurship Corner Podcasts: http://ecorner.stanford.edu/podcasts.html And we're here... anybody in the Raleigh / Durham / Wake Forest / Chapel Hill / Cary / etc. area, come join us! :-) I use RSS heavily; and I do keep my feed list in Google Reader, as well as in RSSOwl. Which I use at any given time depends... on my personal laptop, when I'm home or working on Fogbeam stuff, I tend to use RSSOwl. When I'm at $DAYJOB, I pull up Google Reader every now and then (if the firehose that is HN gets boring for a bit.) All this "RSS is dead" talk worries me, as it's an important tool that I use a lot of... I'd hate to see a trend away from it, to the point that people quit publishing useful feeds! More details: http://www.cednc.org/content/mentor+program/12270 What's the old quote? "No one can serve two masters?" I think you need to find a way to divest yourself of some of your "stuff." If Forrst is your main business, I'd suggest finding a way to get out of working on the others and focus on Forrst. Selling is an option, or maybe take on some new partners and just step back to a low-demand advisory role, but it really seems like you need to lighten your load. Not only is it probably better from a business perspective, but you also don't want to burn yourself out or lose your sanity. But the first, absolutely first, "action item" is "Send mindcrime an invite to Forrst." Do this and all else shall become clear. ;-) Holy shit, I'd forgotten all about that, and that used to be one of my favorite websites. Amazing what the passing of time does... well, maybe more "sad" than "amazing," but whatever. HNN... wow, those were the days. http://ycombinator.com/lib.html Oh, and this too: http://www.quora.com/What-books-should-entrepreneurs-read There's also this[1] which is a great introduction to Swarm Intelligence and it's relationship to Evolutionary Computing, Genetic Programming, Genetic Algorithms, etc. [1]: http://www.amazon.com/Intelligence-Morgan-Kaufmann-Evolution... And anybody who's really into this stuff should probably poke around at: http://www.swarm.org/index.php/Main_Page and http://santafe.edu/ as well. I don't know about you guys, but I don't put a whole lot of stock in the TIOBE methodology. I think it gives - at best - a very vague indication of the relative popularity of these languages. To the point that, IMO, a 1.12% year over year change is essentially meaningless. A semi-cool place for finding interesting papers to read is here: http://www.reddit.com/r/compscipapers If you tell someone to hack their life by gathering statistics, that's cool and nifty. If you tell someone that the Personal Software Process requires you to gather data on time, defects and estimates of software development, you'll get a lecture about maintaining flow and the evils of high ceremony and the SEI. That is quite possibly the single most brilliant thing I have ever read on HN. And that's saying something considering the people who post here. Maybe it's not so much "brilliant" as just "timely" but that really hits home. It's amazing how a little bit of wording can completely change the way we view something. It's one of those things I - and probably most of us - appreciate intellectually... but when it's so glaringly pointed out, it's like somebody pulling the wool from over your eyes. Or like seeing The Matrix, whatever. Thanks for sharing! Hehehe, no, not new at all. And like I said, maybe it was just the timing... but that was an excellent example of the power of words. Which, strangely enough is something I enjoy studying, even outside of this context. Your example above just struck a chord with me for some reason. I've never done this, so take my advice with a huge grain of salt. But some ideas that come to mind: 1. ask them to invest in your startup and take an equity stake. 2. ask them to partner with your startup and do some joint marketing stuff (if your product is truly a complement to their product.) 3. If any engineering effort (on their behalf) is needed to make your product and theirs interoperate, try to negotiate something where they agree to implement that, so you can fully leverage the "complement" position when you market your product. Not sure what you'd have to give up (if anything) to get this, but it might be worth pursuing. Try asking on the reddit developers channel on Freenode IRC? Also, if you're going to use the Open Reddit code, read their license very carefully. It's - IIRC - not one of the run-of-the-mill OSI approved ones, but their own, or a hacked up version of one of the standard ones or something. I forget what was weird about it, it either had some kind of badgeware clause or an AGPL like clause about using on servers, or both, or something... anyway, read it, make sure you understand it and any implications of it. Well if you get in, how 'bout shoot me an invite? I think I made a mistake with the site I linked to for my "show us something you built" link... I'm a developer, not a designer, but I linked to a demo of something I'm working on... and it really shows that I'm NOT a designer... but maybe people look at it and think "WTF, this guy's a crap designer, not inviting him." Maybe I should have linked to the github page instead, so it was clear I meant it as a representation of my coding ability not my design ability! Oh well... you win some, you lose some... Never applied. They've never come calling and I don't feel any particular inclination to work there, so I haven't sought them out either. I probably wouldn't be a good fit anyway. At 37, and more of the college dropout / autodidact type (although, strangely enough I do have 3 college degrees. Weird.) I don't think I fit their culture of "youth from Ivy League schools." Anyway, I'd prefer to work on doing my own thing, and build an awesome startup, than go to work for any big company, Google or otherwise. Hell, even Lulu felt big and bureaucratic to me when I was there, and they were only about 100 employees at the time. I don't have a good answer for that myself either (yet.) But for what it's worth, there have been some good articles and discussion around this topic before, that might be of interest to anyone who hasn't already seen them: http://blog.asmartbear.com/not-competitive-advantage.html / http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1507887 http://blog.asmartbear.com/unfair-advantages.html / http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1528614 Alright, another RTP person. Do you attend the RTP Hackers & Founders meetups? I agree with so much of that article that it's ridiculous... until he starts waxing on about patents. Patents are an abomination as far as I'm concerned, and should be scrapped completely. You want innovation, scrap the patent system and force companies to "innovate continuously or die," make it an arms race. I'll take that any day over adding another billion dollars to the USPTO's budget to "clear the patent backlog." Sounds like some form of coopetition: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coopetition In the end, it's all about pragmatism and experience. Over the years I've been bitten for over abstracting and under abstracting. Over the years you develop a weather sense for how extensible a particular piece of code needs to be. Bingo. It's easy to sit back and say "never guess about extensibility that might be needed in the future." But I posit that there are degrees of guesswork; that is to say, there's a difference between a wild assed guess with no basis at all, and a guess based on years of experience solving similar problems in a related domain. Experience counts for something, and part of that is noticing familiar patterns (not "design patterns" necessarily, just patterns in the general) that tend to crop up in certain situations. I think making some speculative decisions based on the latter form of guesswork can be a net positive more often than not. Of course I don't have scientific evidence to back that up, but I believe it very strongly based on my own experience. If they really want to turn back the clock, they'll bring back Telenet. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telenet I can think of a handful of books that have had a major impact on me. Off the top of my head: Nineteen Eighty-Four - George Orwell Fahrenheit 451 - Ray Bradbury The Game - Neil Strauss The Fountainhead - Ayn Rand Atlas Shrugged - Ayn Rand Four Steps to the Epiphany - Steve Blank Business @ The Speed of Thought - Bill Gates The Art of the Start - Guy Kawasaki Yeah, I'm not trying to be a big-time PUA or anything either. But as a guy who was the stereotypical geek in at least one regard - being horrible at meeting and interacting with women - I've learned a ton since reading The Game and joining some of the PUA forums and reading some of their material. I've gotten more dates and had more success in the past year and a half than I probably had in my life up to that point. Truth be told though, I think it's as much "magic sword" syndrome as anything. I big part of being successful with women is confidence, as we've all been told. Unfortunately you can't just tell somebody "go out and be confident with women" if they're not confident with women! But you can say "Here, here's this opener and some routines and some theories about attraction, and if you use this stuff you'll be successful" which gives them a certain form of confidence, which leads to some success, which leads to more confidence, etc. I look at it as way to kick off a positive feedback loop. Sorta like giving a young knight a "magic sword" to give him the confidence to go out and slay dragons. Whether there's really much to the actual theories and what-not is debatable, but I have no doubt that dabbling in the PUA world has improved my life. And The Game was my "gateway drug" into that world, so it was definitely an influential book to me. http://www.cs.uni.edu/~wallingf/blog/archives/monthly/2010-1... http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=159648 Interestingly enough, F. Paul Wilson used something along those lines as a big part of the plot of his latest novel Fatal Error. The "bad guys" need to take down the Internet as part of the story, and he lays out a pretty elaborate scheme that they use to do it. http://www.amazon.com/Fatal-Error-Repairman-Jack-Wilson/dp/0... Unfortunately this is the most recent of a pretty long series, so it probably would't be much fun to read unless you had read the series up to this point. But if anyone wants an interesting fictional scenario where the 'Net is knocked entirely (or almost entirely) offline, there ya go... Same here. If you want my attention, you're much more likely to get it by being outrageous, than doing something "normal," "safe," and "professional" (that is to say, "BORING.") Wow; that's great news. Congrats to the YC companies for this opportunity! Guess it's time to get cracking on those YC applications, folks... %cough% There is more to the startup world than just "web" startups, ya know. %cough% And YC don't limit themselves to just web startups, or even just to software companies, according to the FAQ. [1] [1]: http://ycombinator.com/faq.html I'm sort of partial to Fogbeam Labs. http://www.fogbeam.com But I'm just a little bit biased... I don't use it much, but it means something like "performing really well." "Those guys are really killing it" is roughly equivalent to: "Those guys are really ripping it up." "Those guys are really shredding." "Those guys are cooking with gas now." etc. You'll probably get some emails, but here are a few thoughts for you: 1. You should do a better job of selling yourself. Nothing in your post screams out "this is I guy I need get get in touch with." Tell us what you bring to the table besides "a few neat ideas." Do you have a track record of success raising money, or selling something for actual money? Or some previous successful startup in your background? Have you done any customer development, market research, etc? Is there any demonstrable reason to think that your ideas are worth pursuing? 2. There are actually some red flags here that scream "warning." You're already working with somebody on two partially completed projects, and you want to jump into something else? That and the phrasing like "a few neat projects" could kinda opens the door to the perception that you're just dabbling and not terribly serious. NOTE: I'm not saying that you aren't serious, just pointing out the possible perception. And the question of seriousness aside, there is a practical consideration of how many projects one person can be actively involved in at the same time. 3. Make it clear if you want an actual co-founder or "just a programmer." If everything is going to be "your ideas, his programming" then you aren't looking for a co-founder, you're looking for a programmer for hire. A co-founder will have his/her own ideas, and will challenge your ideas, tell you your idea sucks, or that part of it sucks, or that it's not possible, or that it's not practical; and will point out alternatives, suggest features, identify flaws and otherwise help develop the direction for the product(s). 4. Why not go ahead and share something about what you're working on? Give a tease or taste, to get people interested. I'm sure more than a few people are going to read this and think "Eh, no clue what he's doing, it's probably boring, can't be arsed emailing him." If you described your project in even general terms ("a website for buying petfood online!") then anybody who was particularly interested in that space would have their ears perked up a little, at least. But I don’t want Paul to be one of a small group of people who decides which companies get funding—not because he isn’t smart (he is) or a great guy (he is). When it comes to innovation, central decision-making is bad, no matter how good the decision-makers are. I don't get this POV. It's not like YC is the only place to find companies that are worth funding by angels. Getting "pushed out" of the "YC ecosystem" is not the same thing as getting "pushed out" of the "startup ecosystem" as a whole. If you find that you can't invest in the YC companies anymore, find another incubator to work with, or deal with startups on an individual basis. I'm too lazy to write up a blog post on it, but here's my take on how it could conceivably affect my startup: Up until now, I've looked at YC as something that wasn't a doable scenario, because they require the founders to move to the Bay area and live out there for the 3 months, while investing a fairly small amount (I think somewhere around $17,000 is the norm, no?) Anyway, for somebody in my shoes, that is, doing a self-funded, bootstrapped startup while working a day job, the requirement to move would mean needing to quit the day job, but the initial investment would leave - for me anyway - too short of a runway to justify it. At the end of 3 months, I'd come back here (presumably) and need to find another day job, and need to find it pretty quick, in order to pay rent and car payment, etc. But the $150,000 investment option should be good for at least a year of runway, enabling a founder to work on their project full-time. Given a year, I'd feel pretty good about the chances of getting some traction and making a go of things. So where, before, I looked at the YC application as something to do just to force myself to think about things, and maybe do a "mock YC interview" with some local people as an exercise, now I'm seriously interested in actually applying for a future cycle (if this offer continues as future cycles come along.) I see it as changing the whole game for somebody in my position... from YC being something I'd have to turn down even if accepted, into something that is a very real, practical scenario. Of course getting accepted is a whole different story, but hey... you can't win if you don't play, right? All of this fueled by long nights pulled by young kids who's bodies can take the caffeine abuse for a while. Don't doubt for a minute that some of us old farts are staying up late, downing obscene amounts of coffee, Red Bull, Monster drinks, etc., trying to get in on things. Hell, if anything, when you start getting older, and you look around and realize "I haven't done anything yet" a certain sense of, hmmm... I won't quite say desperation, but something like that, sets in. I've even spent a lot of time lately debating the merits of going ahead and ordering some black market "smart drugs" just to get a little extra edge. I haven't pulled the trigger yet, but it's awfully damn tempting. Sure, it's just a stereotype, although I freely admit that I, for one, do kinda help perpetuate the old saw about how "a programmer is a biological machine for turning sugar and caffeine into code." Or, to look at it another way.... "The four food groups for programmers are salt, sugar, fat and caffeine." All joking aside, my diet has it's good days and it's bad days. But I do like my coffee, that's for sure. Yeah, I take fish-oil, a b-complex, a regular multi-vitamin, ginko-biloba and a couple of other supplements, and eat moderately healthy and least part of the time. I try not not totally fall into the programmer stereotype when it comes to diet, but the bit about late nights fueled by caffeine and sugar, well... what can I say? Interesting... I've never really thought about "sea salt" as being something to seek out specifically. I do consume some, because I eat a lot of nuts (cashews, pecans, almonds, etc.) that are often salted with sea-salt. I have no idea whether or not that constitutes "good quality sea salt" though. I'll have to do some research, thanks for the pointer. There's a pretty good article here[1] that explains a lot about how Ticketmaster got where they are, and how hard it is to compete against them. [1]: http://www.wired.com/magazine/2010/11/mf_ticketmaster/ "Winning Isn't Normal" http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2009043 Bloody good on Norway. Now if you want Norwegian taxes or the Norwegian government, move to Norway. I'll take the American moral view on taxation, and fight taxation tooth-and-nail until I die, regardless of the pragmatics of it. It's about choice, and freedom, not the actual dollars and cents. Come up with a scheme that moves functions currently executed by the government into a privately run, voluntary collective, and chances are I'd join it, participate, and pay as much as - or more than - I do now. But if you use the hammer of government force to mandate participation, I - for one - will never accept it as just. LMFAO... that was choice shit. "I could be in a fucking coal mine and those damn junkies would still find me to buy my product." We should all be so fortunate... Alternatively, are there any open-source Stackoverflow/HN look-alikes that I can download and modify for my needs? There are multiple open-source clones of StackOverflow. One well-known and popular one is OSQA[1]. Additionally, the Reddit source-code is open[2] (although their license is one of the "weird" ones by my standard), so that's an option. Also, I'm working on a project that is very reddit-like in a lot of ways, including the ability to vote things up/down, rank by votes, add comments, etc. It's still pretty alpha, but if you want to take a look see the source[3] and/or the demo site[4]. [1]: http://www.osqa.net/ [2]: http://code.reddit.com/ [3]: https://github.com/fogbeam/Neddick [4]: http://spdemo.fogbeam.org:8080/neddick1 If you're interested in the Neddick stuff at all, feel free to shoot me an email. It's under active development, but the roadmap right now is entirely driven for my vision for the stuff I'm doing... I'd love to hear from anybody else that might be able to put it to use. Edit: Oh yeah, almost forgot... the code for Hacker News itself is also available[5]. [5]: http://ycombinator.com/arc/arc2.tar Great article, dodgy headline. Altogether though, some solid advice. My project(s) meet a number of those criteria, but fall short on a couple of them. So you've given me some food for thought, regarding things I can do to better market my own stuff. If anyone is looking for more datasets, see: http://datasets.reddit.com http://opendata.reddit.com and http://www.quora.com/Where-can-I-get-large-datasets-open-to-... for some good lists of available stuff. Are your ideas software related? If so, what resources do you need? Your profile says you're a software developer, so presumably you have coding skills. You're logged onto HN, so I think we can safely assume you own a computer. Compilers, editors, IDEs, VCSs, databases, frameworks and libraries galore are freely available as open source... Cheap VPS servers can be had for something like, what, 10, 20 bucks per month; and Amazon AWS makes ridiculous amounts of computing power available "on demand" in affordable increments. I think you'd get more mileage out of posting a request like this on HN if you at least started building something and then got to a point of maybe saying "Hey, I've got this prototype, but to take it to the next level I need somebody with expertise in $WHATEVER, would anybody like to jump onboard?" Now if you're talking about an idea for a fusion reactor or a new hardware product or something, then OK... but you'll probably still get a more enthusiastic response if you post more about what you have in mind. http://vlaskovits.com/2010/08/if-youre-not-getting-out-of-th... I know you're not the only person to have that thought today; and given the volume of the readership on this site, I'd pretty much bet money that a LOT of people are thinking about that right now. I'd do it, but I'm too busy with other projects. But I'd be amazed if another PoF / OKCupid style competitor doesn't emerge in short-order. Maybe one will even go through YCombinator. pg and crew have said they see that as an area they'd fund: ( http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html ) 8. Dating. Current dating sites are not the last word. Better ones will appear. But anyone who wants to start a dating startup has to answer two questions: in addition to the usual question about how you're going to approach dating differently, you have to answer the even more important question of how to overcome the huge chicken and egg problem every dating site faces. A site like Reddit is interesting when there are only 20 users. But no one wants to use a dating site with only 20 users—which of course becomes a self-perpetuating problem. So if you want to do a dating startup, don't focus on the novel take on dating that you're going to offer. That's the easy half. Focus on novel ways to get around the chicken and egg problem. Sounds like you could easily transition into a number of roles... maybe project management, maybe business analyst, maybe even product management, or just general engineering management. Or if you really like the business side of things, but want something with a technical flavor, study up on business process improvement stuff and set yourself up as a consultant in that space. Or you could focus on software process, IT management, etc. and do something there. I'm not necessarily advocating any of this buzzword stuff in the general sense, but... if firms in your part of the world are using CMMI, or Six Sigma or ITIL or any sort of formal methodology for managment / process improvement, you could probably make bank by specializing in one of those areas. If Agile methods are popular, you could become an Agile consultant. Or you could become a lean startup pirate ninja rockstar and specialize in helping startups iterate. [1] [1]: http://www.startuplessonslearned.com/2011/01/lean-startup-ju... I haven't read the book yet, but I've heard good things about it. I plan to order a copy soon and read it, FWIW. It's an interesting space that's for sure. The "chicken and egg" problem is a challenge, but so is the idea (if you buy it) that men and women want fundamentally different things and have different drives and motives when it comes to dating; and different approaches to how they date. Since I started reading a lot of evolutionary psychology stuff, I've reshaped a lot of my views on how dating and relationships work. Now, granted, EP is a controversial science, and I'm not sure that those guys are spot-on about everything... but I strongly believe that the ideas coming out of that world do reflect some underlying truths about our world. If that's true, then my questions would be "how do you build a dating site that's optimized for both men and women? Or can you? And if you can't, which do you optimize for? Or does that even make sense?" Out of curiosity, have you written about your experiences at all? If not, would you be willing to do so? I'm sure there's a HN'er or two that would be interested in hearing your thoughts and observations. I don't recall what platform it's built on, but how about OSQA[1]? [1]: http://osqa.net From what I've seen, lots of people have no problem at all mentioning their "non $DAYJOB" stuff on their LinkedIn profiles. Out of my contacts, I see plenty who list a dayjob and also list themselves as the owner/founder/president of a startup, or a consulting company, or some other "side" business. I actually do that myself... my current $DAYJOB is listed right alongside my startup project. I really don't see it being a problem. Fair enough. I try to avoid that world like the plague, so it's hard for me to relate. I prefer to cultivate a very unlaced, slightly insane but very intense, offbeat, quirky and eclectic profile that no sane person working for a "top tier firm" would look twice at. To each his own. :-) There are multiple ways, but some quick thoughts: 0. Buy and read books, read blogs, watch youtube videos, whatever, and gain as much knowledge as you can, on whatever field you decide to pursue (Lean, Six Sigma, Agile, CMMI, whatever.) 1. Take a class (or classes) on your new endeavour. Any kind of introduction to the topic that's something you can document and put on your resume is a start. 2. Get some sort of certification in that field, if you can afford it. Yeah, I know certifications are of dubious value, but it's better than nothing (usually) and some firms actually place a lot of stock in that sort of thing. Just don't think of certifications as a "magic bullet" but rather as just another arrow in your quiver. 3. Now may have a to cheat a little bit. What I mean is... if your current job doesn't involve using, say, Six Sigma, start by learning as much as you can. See above. Then start talking about it at work, have a hallway conversation with your boss if nothing else. Try to legitimately wrangle a way to redefine your current job to include some element of that ("Boss, can we apply Six Sigma techniques to managing $SOMETHING?"). Ideally he/she says yes, and now you can legitimately list experience with that topic... but if not, just keep talking about it, write some reports on it and send them to people, and then - when talking about your old job - mention how you "spearheaded an initiative to implement Six Sigma, blah, blah, blah..." And from here, you just working to fight your way into a new job doing your chosen $WHATEVER, by hook or by crook. One other little note about the above... your current boss might not be to eager to let you totally redefine your current job, but - assuming your doing a good job already and aren't considered a slacker / loser - you can usually get away with asking to do something extra. Take advantage of that to squirm your way into whatever new thing it is you want to do. You may have to jump ship to a new job to complete the switcheroo, but the initial goal is just to get a beachhead. If you are going to a World Top 5 - then it might be worth it to network with the people who are going to be hiring CEOs. Maybe not even then. I don't have the reference in front of me, but I seem to recall something about a study of the Fortune 500 CEOs, and there were as many from some state school (University of Wisconsin, maybe?) as there were from Harvard. Edit: some links about this point. http://content.spencerstuart.com/sswebsite/pdf/lib/2005_CEO_... (Warning:PDF) http://bernardmoon.blogspot.com/2009/05/go-wisconsin-most-fo... http://www.usnews.com/education/best-colleges/articles/2011/... Here's another fun observation from that 2005 study (said as a North Carolinian who resides in Chapel Hill): Of the Fortune 100 CEOs, the top schools for their undergraduate degrees were: Harvard, Stanford, Yale, U. of North Carolina - 3% each Which one of these is not like the others? :-) (To be fair though, even though it's a state school, UNC is generally pretty highly regarded and their business school is usually pretty high in the national rankings.) Put me down as tentatively interested in that if somebody organizes it. But it’s, I believe, universally acknowledged that Reddit is instead a community or hivemind of in-jokes, 4chan memes, and chain puns. Maybe on some sub-reddits, but hardly all of them. I see fairly little of that stuff on the ones I frequent, FWIW. Just remember, she didn't reject you, she just demonstrated her own poor judgment / poor taste in men. You are the prize, not her... if she walked away, that's a big win for your new partner, who's out there just waiting to bump into you. So much of your mental state is about your internal dialog, which is something you can control if you work at it. Consider looking at a book like "What to Say When You Talk to Yourself." http://www.amazon.com/What-Say-When-Talk-Yourself/dp/0671708... Also, I've found that when I'm down about something, the best therapy is just to immerse myself in something. A startup project, exercise, whatever. This might be a good time to just dive into the startup with even more intensity than before. If nothing else, go with the old-fashioned meme of "the best revenge is living well." Picture yourself cruising in your new Ferrari and passing your ex somewhere and just smiling at her. Or you could dive into some exercise routine / hobby. If you mountain bike or rock-climb or trail-run or anything fun, just start doing more of it. Find some other people to ride/climb/run/whatever with, so you have people to talk to and keep your mind off of the ex. And finally there is the old PUA saw of "GFTOW" (Google it if you don't know the acronym.) Sounds kinda vulgar, but sometimes it's what a guy needs. APIs are everywhere, and RDF is nowhere. RDF is hardly ubiquitous, but it's also hardly appropriate to say that it's nowhere. RDFa in particular has seen a big surge in adoption over the last year or two, especially after Google and Yahoo announced that they would start utilizing RDFa. http://tripletalk.wordpress.com/2011/01/25/rdfa-deployment-a... So sure, if you're integrating one service, a hacky script is probably easier. But if you want a coherent system for integrating large numbers of services not originally designed to inter-operate, RDF makes things a lot easier. Exactly. If one thinks of RDF (and associated technologies) as having an aim of creating a Semantic Web as one big, decentralized, federated database, then you can really see the value in it. For any one random website to expose some data for people to use, it's a fair argument that RDF is more awkward than just dumping the data out over an HTTP API as generic XML, JSON, CSV or whatever. But when you look at the bigger picture, RDF becomes desirable. In theory they are semantically equivalent (usually anyway) so the question is, is RDFa particularly awkward. I guess it depends on how you define awkward. It's not just consuming the data though... it's when you go beyond that and start doing inference and combining multiple databases, that the RDF approach really shows it's value. If you established a standard for doing that kind of field name exposure, using JSON, and then sure, you could achieve the same effect. But, in the end, you'd probably just wind up with a JSON encoding of RDF anyway. Define things as subject/predicate/object is all RDF really is... the RDF/XML encoding is just one way of expressing RDF. I'm working on some stuff that uses RDF, yeah. You don't have to use all of that stuff though. "Stuff" layers on progressively to add functionality. Sure, everything you can do using RDF you could conceivably do using a different suite of technologies... but my point - if there is a broad point to make here - is that you'd wind up recreating a lot of the "stuff" that is part of the RDF ecosystem anyway, to achieve the same end. Now maybe it's possible that someone could start from scratch and build up a system that is both much simpler does the same things... if so, fine, point me to it when it becomes available. I don't know that I'm particularly eloquent, but if you say so. I'm at work at the $DAYJOB right now, so I can't really do anything with this right now. But for what it's worth, one of the areas I'm working with is something called SKOS. http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/ 37, here. Tell me about it. I'm just glad to see there are at least a few votes for the higher age ranges! [RTP (Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill) NC] I am. I'm working on an open-source Enterprise 2.0 project; elements include social-networking (eg, a Facebook'ish piece, but intended for organizational use), knowledge management / discovery (using tagging, collaborative filtering, automatic text classification, semantic-web tech, etc.) and social-search. The technology stack is primarily Groovy (Grails for the front-end bits); but there is some Java code. As some functionality spins off into standalone services, I'm considering either Scala or Clojure, but no firm decision has been made yet. More details on the current state of things can be found at http://code.google.com/p/screwpile , and there's a demo of a very early prototype of one of the components, at http://spdemo.fogbeam.org:8080/neddick1/ I'm looking for one or possibly two co-founders. For one, I'd like to work with someone who is a top-notch UI/UX person with strong skills in terms of design, HTML, CSS, Javascript, etc. and who can handle making the UI a strength. For the other, I'm looking for somebody with a background in the sales / marketing / business development world... preferably somebody with actual experience doing B2B software sales, and actually closing sales. Any technical background would be a huge plus as well. I'm in North Carolina and would prefer a co-founder to be local, but I won't categorically rule out working with someone remote, depending on the details. I'm at a point where I feel like it's time to get into Customer Development seriously, and do the "get out of the building" thing and start getting feedback from potential customers; so that's a goal for the short-term, just to give you an idea of where this is at. Also, this is completely self-funded at the moment, but seeking outside investment is absolutely in the cards when this starts to look like it has some legs. Finally... the (existing) code is out there, and Apache licensed... if anybody is interested on hacking on this stuff, but not interested in being a co-founder, feel free to jump in. Interested? fogbeam [at] gmail [dot] com W-w-what? That doesn't even make sense. Of course not, there's no specific age where you're "too old" to do a startup. If you're still alive, you're young enough. Now get cracking. Hrrrm.... I don't know that I'd say HN has "changed my life" in any specific, grand sense. But I've definitely learned a lot from hanging out here. If I had to cite one thing in particular that I've gotten out of my time here, it would probably be "being exposed to the Customer Development methodology." I'm pretty sure it was a link or two from here that first got me reading about CD, and led me to buying Steve's book, which I would cite as being "life changing" (or at least on the verge of it.) Congress needs to stay the heck out of this. Nobody is forced to use Facebook, and if you don't like their policies regarding information sharing, you are free to quit anytime. There's just no reason for the US federal government to start meddling with this. No reason why you should change it. All Hail G0atbutt!!!! You can't take enough maths and statistics classes. Machine Learning - these days at least - is very maths and statistics oriented. Linear Algebra is big, so make sure you have that covered. If you want to get your toes in the water a bit with ML, there are some great ML libraries that encapsulate some of the popular algorithms. Mahout[1], Weka[2] and Mallet[3] are popular in the Java world, A lot of folks use Python for ML as well, and there are some good libraries there. The R language is also popular in ML circles; as is C++. If you learn some combination of Java, Python, C++ and/or R, you'll be in good shape from a programming language standpoint. Check out http://mloss.org/software/ also. Some good books to get started with include: Algorithms of the Intelligent Web[4] Programming Collective Intelligence[5] Collective Intelligence In Action[6] Stanford make a great series of lectures[7] available online that you might find useful. [1]: http://mahout.apache.org/ [2]: http://www.cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/ [3]: http://mallet.cs.umass.edu/ [4]: http://www.manning.com/marmanis/ [5]: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0596529325 [6]: http://www.amazon.com/Collective-Intelligence-Action-Satnam-... [7]: http://see.stanford.edu/see/lecturelist.aspx?coll=348ca38a-3... You definitely have to strike a balance. If you spend all your time networking, you won't get anything done... but networking (or just going out to "detune" a little bit from time to time) has it's own value. I think each individual has to find that balance for him/her self though. I organize the RTP Hackers & Founders group, and I think we're going to start to gravitate to about once per month for "formal" meetings. I figure if I go to that meetup, plus one or two random techie meetups through the month (Hadoop User's Group, Lucene/Solr User's Group, Java User's Group, Linux User's Group, whatever), and spend most of the rest of the "outside of the $DAYJOB" time working, I'll be OK. That's subjective and apt to change, but right now it feels about right. Is there even a need for this person in a small startup? I guess it depends on the nature of the startup. If your startup is a threewords.me type thing, then maybe you don't need a "business person" early on; you just need to launch the app, promote it a bit, and if it goes viral, slap some ads on there or what-have-you. But if your startup is a B2B enterprise software startup, and you're a purely technical founder with no background in sales, marketing, prospecting, lead generation, etc., then I'd say you absolutely want a "business person" on-board from very early. I recall reading that 37 signals doesn't hire anyone who doesn't have a strong technical skill set; no one whose only role is to manage others. Just because they're "non-technical" doesn't mean their only role is to manage others. A "non technical cofounder" could/should be participating in: doing customer development, developing a marketing strategy, prospecting for leads, closing sales, finding funding, negotiating funding deals, doing business development (partnerships, etc.), developing a channel strategy, talking to channel partners, etc., etc., etc. What should a non-technical cofounder bring to the table? Again, depends on the situation. What I'm looking for in a non-technical cofounder includes: experience selling enterprise software, experience developing marketing strategy, experience with customer development, knowledge of positioning, existing relationships with potential customers and partners, relationships with potential investors, and the ability to sell ice to Eskimos (or Bibles to the Devil.) Interesting... I don't see the "sales and marketing" box as a diminutive thing at all. If you see my answer above, I put a tremendous amount of value on those functions. And, as a techie first and foremost, I acknowledge that those are my weak areas, so - for me - looking for a "sales and marketing" person is to look for a person with skills that are a complement to mine. Of course I do know a little something about marketing, and any technical skills the "sales and marketing" person has are valued. In fact, if you are selling a very technical product, the folks in sales and marketing must have some degree of technical know-how in order to understand their own product! Perhaps I've other contributions, relevant to the actual product you want me to sell, that might be of value. Certainly. It would be interesting, however, to hear you elaborate on that, from your non-techie point of view. As a techie, I know what I think I want in a non-techie "sales and marketing" person, but how about you tell us what you think you'd be bringing to the table as the co-founder of a startup? Might be a good reality check for some of us techie types... Cool, but I can't shake the sneaking feeling that this overlaps significantly with Apache Droids[1]. It would be nice if they had more info on the homepage about what exact components they plan to build. [1]: http://incubator.apache.org/droids/ Count me in; I'm lying in bed with my laptop, hacking (and checking HN every now and then) right now. ATM, I'm trying to remake myself into a UI person (well, at least a half-assed UI person) and trying to clean-up the user-profile form for Quoddy[1]. To hell with football, the Dolphins aren't in the SB, and there's code to be written... [1]: https://github.com/fogbeam/Quoddy I should have gone for a way to work in a reference to this quote: There are worlds out there where the skies are burning, where the seas asleep, and the rivers dream. People made of smoke, and cities made of song. Somewhere there's danger, somewhere there's injustice...and somewhere else the tea is getting cold. Come on Ace...we've got work to do! Oh well, maybe next time... Oh please... spare us the righteous indignation over the "war of the sexes." The various diamond retailers - who run commercials insinuating that a man's value to his (wife|fiancee|girlfriend) is based on the kind of diamond he buys her - are just as "disgusting" as Godaddy... but where's the outrage over that? Godaddy is a fair domain registrar with relatively cheap prices... they get my business because they do what I need them to do, for a reasonable price, no more, no less. Our peers in the web industry who just happen to be women regularly face difficulties and indignities for no other reason than that they happen to be women. In terms of treating men and women as equals, we're decades behind most of the rest of the professional world. Maybe it's just blind-luck, or some other bias, but I just don't see it. I've worked in IT, and more specifically in the software industry, for 15 years or so now, and I haven't seen this gender based discrimination (in the workplace anyway). Having worked for little small companies that nobody has ever heard of, to IBM and Red Hat, I've worked with a large number of really talented female software developers, and I don't see them routinely complaining that they're being discriminated against. I'm not saying it never happens, mind you, but I do question the veracity of this assertion: "In terms of treating men and women as equals, we're decades behind most of the rest of the professional world." In any case, I'm all for equality, but I'm also all for acknowledging human nature. Men like hot women, women like men with money and power. So be it... We use it at my $DAYJOB, and I'm planning to set up a Jenkins server for some of my open-source projects soon. So yeah, I guess I can say that someone uses it. Eh, looks like the goal is to deal with components that could be common to Droids, Nutch, etc. http://code.google.com/p/crawler-commons/wiki/ApacheCon2009M... It has a really nice REST API interface as well. One of the ways that API is expressed is through XML, but there are also JSON and Python versions (yes, the API sends you Python code in one version!) Yeah, exactly. From the docs: Access the same data as Python for Python clients. This can be parsed into Python object as eval(urllib.urlopen("...").read()) and the resulting object tree is identical to that of JSON. However, when you do this, beware of the security implication. If you are connecting to a non-trusted Hudson, the server can send you malicious Python programs. Most of those comments don't strike me as trolling at all. Just because something is negative or dismissive doesn't mean it's "troll." Sometimes it's constructive criticism, or a valid point about the likelihood of the idea being successful. Are we all so thin-skinned here that we expect - and can handle - nothing but praise, compliments and accolades for our efforts; no matter how ill-conceived they may be? Personally, if I launch a dumb startup and announce it here, I want people to say "that's f%!#ng braindead." One of two things should happen: I realize that "they" are right, shut it down, and move onto something more profitable, OR I take the criticism as a challenge, buckle down and work that much harder, and have that much more of a chance of being successful. Mondo righteous! I'd love to offer to help, as I am very much a Libertarian (anarcho-capitalist, voluntaryist, market anarchist, whichever term you prefer), but I'm too tied up with projects now. I'll definitely be a very interested spectator though, and will be rooting you on. I'd love to see this happen. Edit: shared this link with all my Facebook friends, many of whom are Libertarians and at least a few of whom are hackers. The visualization sub-reddit might be worth trying. http://visualization.reddit.com Sure thing. My email address is in my profile. Jeez, is there anywhere Wayne Sutton doesn't show up?!?? That guy is truly a social media superhero, I tell ya. In fact, I'm not wondering if this whole post isn't part of some elaborate viral marketing thingamabob that Wayne is orchestrating... I'm becoming more and more convinced that this is just a troll having a little fun with us. Probably one of the crew from #startups on IRC. I can just see them sitting back snickering and saying "how many times can we post this same crap until the account gets banned?" Whatever, even if it's real, the guy seems unable or unwilling to actually listen to any of the feedback he's been given already. So there really isn't much left to say. I can see three or four possible approaches: 1. Pick a project at (more or less) random; something that "scratches an itch" for you personally. It may or may not turn out to be maintained, the maintainer(s) may or may not be receptive to pull requests, etc., but nonetheless, you can grab it, fork it, and start hacking. If it's a project with a mailing list / forums, you might want to lurk a bit first, get a feel for the community, and maybe even post a message saying "Hey, I was thinking about adding Feature X, or fixing Bug Y, any interest in that?" 2. Ask around for a project that's actively seeking more help; maybe even one that's being run by a fellow HN'er. Build a good relationship with said HN'er and maybe get them to act as a bit of a mentor and walk you through the early phases of your involvement. 3. Check http://www.reddit.com/r/FOSSHelpWanted/ and find something there. 4. Start your own project from scratch and put it up on Github. And for a slightly self-serving bit... if you know (or want to know) Groovy and are looking for a project like mentioned in [2] above - that could use some help - I might just know of one. Shoot me an email if you'd like to hear more. :-) Cool, looking forward to the next installment! Thanks for taking the time to write this up. In retrospect, do you feel it was a mistake to take on learning a whole new technology stack for the project? Or did the technical stuff work out OK in the long run? You are admittedly a programmer. That is why you didn't like it. You are not the target audience. Eh, that's over-generalizing a bit, methinks. I'm also a programmer and I loved the movie. I thought it was easily the best movie of 2010, and I've watched it multiple times already, despite "not being the target audience." FWIW, I can see what Steve is saying, but none of his complaints kept me from enjoying the movie. Maybe it's just a question of expectations... it was Hollywood entertainment, I didn't expect any deeper analysis of IP issues than "a guy who made a nice chair doesn't owe money to everybody who ever made a chair." In fact, that was probably more than I expected from Hollywood! At the end though, what made the movie so compelling for me was the "inspiration factor." Yes, I knew you could big money building software... like Steve, I've been around this industry long enough to have watched more than a few companies get founded, grow big and make the founders rich. But watching it unfold on the screen, seeing things on a more personal level, made it feel more real to me. I finished watching it the first time and - literally - rush home to sit down and start hacking as soon as I could. As an aspiring tech-entrepreneur, I found The Social Network to be a great experience, and I recommend it to anyone who hasn't seen it yet. I could work for a company where my reaction to the product was "meh, whatever." But I doubt I'd work for a company whose product is something that I find morally reprehensible or something that I think is just absolute crap. Strangely enough, I was talking to one of the sales guys at the $DAYJOB a couple of days ago, and we got on the subject of movies, and he brought up Boiler Room. I looked for the DVD at Barnes & Noble and they didn't have it... guess I'll go download it and see what the fuss is all about. Glengarry Glen Ross is another fun movie about sales and life in the world of business. ABC! I agree that it's not exactly "on topic" in the traditional sense, but it's important enough in the general sense, that a lot of hackers actually are interested. At the end of the day, what's on-topic or not reduces to what people vote up and/or don't vote up. People want to discuss this, so it's on topic unless pg or an editor decide they don't like it for some reason, and manually axe it. http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8... Interesting stuff. I know it's just a small step, but it makes you wonder if maybe good ole Ray Kurzweil is onto something with his talk about achieving immortality. Which leads to some interesting questions... if there was a drug available that would let you live to be hundreds or thousands of years old, barring accident, would you take it? What would be the effect on society if death were all but eliminated? Would our population quickly overrun the limits of Earth's resources? Thinking about this almost feels like an episode of The Twilight Zone. I'm with you; but I can imagine a few reasons why people might not take it. Some really religious types might feel that it's "playing God" or somehow interfering with "God's plan for the world." Some really eco-focused types might feel that it's immoral to live that long and therefore consume even more natural resources. Some conspiracy nuts would assume it was part of a government plan to do $SOMETHING. And some people might just assume there would be some sort of unforeseen consequences. Still, I bet most people would take it, and pretty quick. 1. Doesn't matter; you'll find startups using Ruby/Rails, Python/Djano, Python/Pylons (or whatever it's called now), Groovy/Grails, Java/(Wicket|Tapestry|Play|Struts|JSF), Scala/Lift, COBOL/COGS[1], and probably a smattering doing RPG/400, PL/I, and/or MVS assembler. 2. Pretty much any of the combinations of a "convention over configuration" framework and a dynamic language. RoR, Grails, Django, whichever one you decide you like best and learn well enough to execute well with. All of that said, my choice was (is) Groovy and Grails. Groovy is a nice modern language with dynamic typing, closures, etc. but it runs on the JVM so it can easily leverage the huge wealth of available Java libraries. And Grails is a very Rails like CoC framework that is very productive. I've been using Groovy/Grails for the past year and couldn't be happier with the choice. YMMV, HTH, IANAL, WTFBBQ, ETC. [1]: Not really. http://www.coboloncogs.org I was going to apply, but I'm an agile lean scrum six-sigma CMMI kanban kaizen customer-development ninja pirate samurai, not a rockstar. Sorry. :-( I'm pretty sure we would be the oldest FWIW, I'm 37 (turn 38 in July) and I'm looking forward to possibly applying to YC in the future. So yeah, there are a few of us older guys out there still dreaming the startup dream. I wouldn't worry about the age thing if I were you. It's just a number. Hmm... a few that jump to mind for me would be: The Art of the Start - Guy Kawasaki http://www.amazon.com/Art-Start-Time-Tested-Battle-Hardened-... Outside Innovation - Patricia Seybold http://www.amazon.com/Outside-Innovation-Customers-Co-Design... Unleashing the Killer App - Larry Downes & Chunka Mui http://www.amazon.com/Unleashing-Killer-App-Strategies-Domin... Wellsprings of Knowledge - Dorothy Leonard Barton http://www.amazon.com/Wellsprings-Knowledge-Building-Sustain... The Innovators Dilemma - Clayton Christensen http://www.amazon.com/Innovators-Dilemma-Revolutionary-Busin... Crossing the Chasm - Geoffrey A. Moore http://www.amazon.com/Crossing-Chasm-Geoffrey-Moore/dp/00605... The Startup Game: Inside the Partnership between Venture Capitalists and Entrepreneurs - William H. Draper http://www.amazon.com/Startup-Game-Partnership-Capitalists-E... Some of these aren't necessarily about startups, but I think they all have something valuable to offer. YMMV. but it's ideas like this that make me happy that Apple is taking care what comes to the App Store and what not. Yes, because obviously someone is holding a gun to your head, forcing you to install brain-dead apps just because they're in the App Store... I have to say, I'm more a metal-head than anything... about 90% of the time, I want Metallica, Iron Maiden, In Flames, Children of Bodom, Testament, Slayer, Mötley Crüe, Queensryche, Dimmu Borgir, Cinderella, Exodus, Incantation, Nuclear Assault, Overkill, Megadeth, Finntroll, Gamma Ray, Kamelot, Stratovarius, etc. playing... But the other part of the time, I freely admit to having a soft-spot for gangsta rap, especially Dr. Dre, Eminem, 50 Cent, Tupac, Obie Trice, Snoop Dogg, N.W.A., etc. There is definitely an attitude present in that music that is very motivational in it's way. Like the article says... there's a lot of focus on hard-work, on success, on achievement, etc. Something like "Till I Collapse"[1] by Eminem gets me as fired up as anything. Then again, that's not to take anything away from a song like "Keep Your Eye on the Money" [2] by Mötley Crüe, either. \m/ [1]: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUwXJODauxs [2]: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kGOCcjPqnY Do you use Lisp/Clojure? On core projects at work? On utilities or side projects at work? On serious personal projects? On small personal projects? Not yet. I've only recently started making a concerted effort to learn Clojure; so I haven't written any "production" Lisp yet. Do you aspire to or want to use Lisp/Clojure? Why? Learn something new? See if you experience some of that wonderfulness that everyone talks about? Yes, and for all of the reasons you mention. I've been hearing about how incredible and productive Lisp is, so I want to find out first-hand if it really lives up to the hype or not. If it does, then maybe using Lisp (via Clojure) could actually represent a real competitive advantage. Do you know others who are serious Lispers? Are you reading HN and assuming that there are lots of serious Lispers out there? (I am.) I really don't know anybody personally who I would call a "serious Lisper." But I do know some other people who have gotten on the Clojure bandwagon and are learning Clojure. Is Lisp really seeing the kind of interest and usage suggested by the submissions? Or is HN groupthinking about Lisp? Who knows? The thing is, everybody takes something different from it. I mean, as a white boy / cracker like myself, I listen to gangsta rap, and I don't feel much - if any - compulsion to try to literally live out most elements of the lifestyle portrayed. But the attitude, the energy, the mentality, the aggression, those things - in the abstract - do connect with me, which is why my white arse has no problem saying I'm a big fan of Tupac, Dre, Eminem, Snoop, etc. Same thing with metal, in a way... a lot of the metal I listen to glorifies violence, satanism, drug use, and all manners of excess related to sex, alcohol, etc. But while I like sex, alcohol and rock & roll as much as anybody, just listening to metal doesn't mean I'm going to start worshiping satan and go burn down a church. That said, I don't disagree with your overall point, to the extent that I can understand it as a white person. It reminds me of what Richard Pryor said about how black youths screw themselves by refusing to speak proper English, study hard in school, etc. Unfortunately when a black man says something like that, he gets labeled "Uncle Tom" and what-not. :-( As much as I love HN, do you really think it's necessary for an entrepreneur to be part of this site, in order to be successful? Actually, considering what a time sink this can be, the best advice you can give him might be "don't join HN, whatever you do." :-) I get that one shouldn't operate in a bubble, and I assume that's what you're getting at here... but does he do anything to gain exposure to outside ideas and thoughts on the tech startup scene? If so, maybe what he's doing is enough? Has he read any books, or anything, related to this subject? If not, there's a fairly recent thread on "Good books for startups" maybe hand him a copy of one or two of the titles off one of those lists? Yes, yes, a million times yes. Everybody knows that the existing Wikipedia Notability guidelines have serious issues when it comes to dealing with software and technology issues. I know I fought tooth and nail to get the Steve Yegge article back on Wikipedia a while back, and Steve is pretty damn notable in his community.... to the point that a WP article on him is a no-brainer. Now imagine anybody just a hair less well known, or a project with no celebrity leader or that isn't sponsored by $MEGACORP. Software just isn't cited generally in the New York Times and the kinds of sources that they want... that doesn't mean it isn't notable, it just means that it's "noted" a different way. Notability in our world is based on blog posts, mailing list posts, github commit logs, etc. Now how to get Wikipedia's policies amended to reflect that? Good question... I know it's been tried before and failed, but maybe it's time somebody built a coalition to make a serious, coordinated effort to get something done (no, I'm not volunteering, unfortunately.) Edit: My memory is failing, it was the Yegge article I had that big battle over, not Zed. But the point remains the same. One problem is that you kinda touched a "raw nerve" here. This isn't the first time this issue has come up, and a lot of people are very sensitive to it. There's a very strong strand of thought among some people that suggests that Wikipedia should change it's guidelines vis-a-vis software / programming langauges / etc. In fact, there has been an effort - at least once - to get a new guideline accepted. It failed, but my point is that this is a contentious subject that is still being actively debated, and where emotions are already flaring for some. Bring in the constant tension between deletionists and inclusionists, and any sort of concerted effort to start targeting tech related articles for deletion is almost bound to spark a shit-storm of controversy. I'll allow that you might have been in the right on all of your AfD flags, under some interpretation of WP policies. But I think you were wrong to do what amounts to jabbing a stick into a hornet's nest, and then wonder why you're getting stung. You stuck a %!#@ng stick into a hornet's nest, that's why. Same here. I'd be a lot more active in editing Wikipedia if it weren't for the f@#!#ng deletionists. But as long as those pikers are running around deleting stuff left and right, I feel very little motivation to get involved on a regular basis. Depends on which data you're talking about and what the purpose of sharing it is. If it's a catalog of items for sale on an e-commerce site, then sharing that data widely - in order to make those items more discoverable - might be just what a company wants. http://www.google.com/support/webmasters/bin/answer.py?hl=en... It's only one small part of the overall Semantic Web, but it's an element that's here and being actively used already. Google ignored all the instructions and instead analyzed the human language on web pages, and inferred relevance based on that. Google are now at least partially on the Semantic Web bandwagon. They, as well as Yahoo, have been detecting, parsing, and using RDFa and microformats data - when present - for a while now, and using it to provide enhanced search results. See: http://www.google.com/support/webmasters/bin/answer.py?hl=en... In terms of people writing metadata into pages by hand, then yes, I agree. But in terms of programatically generating this stuff from data that's already in a database or what-have-you, then I think it will see growing adoption. The important thing here is to not commit the fallacy of the excluded middle... There's a place for the Semantic Web between "it's a total pipe dream and no part of it will ever come to fruition" and "it will be fully realized in exactly every detail as originally conceived by TBL." People are already using Semantic Web technologies to some extent, the open question now is "just how prevalent will this stuff eventually become?" Why after seven years? From the time TBL invented the original web to the time it saw massive adoption was a decent amount of time, depending on exactly how you want to define "massive adoption." And the problems that the SemWeb are trying to solve are arguably harder, so it makes sense that the ramp up would be slower. And never mind the fact that there is real world adoption. Google and Yahoo both embraced RDFa a couple of years ago, and have you checked LinkedData.org lately? There's a constantly growing body of data out there in semantically interoperable formats: http://linkeddata.org/ That doesn't contradict the notion that the Semantic Web is of growing importance in any way. RDF triples can be encoded in JSON just as well as they can be encoded in RDF/XML or Turtle or N3 or what-have-you[1][2]. And work continues on a spec to formalize the relationship between RDFa and HTML5[3], so even though XHTML2 got shit-canned, it won't hinder the ability to embed RDFa. [1]: http://webbackplane.com/mark-birbeck/blog/2009/04/20/rdfj-se... [2]: http://n2.talis.com/wiki/RDF_JSON_Specification [3]: http://dev.w3.org/html5/rdfa/rdfa-module.html Are you trying to find a hacker to join you as a co-founder, or are you just looking to outsource the development? If it's the former you might find it difficult. See: http://www.cs.uni.edu/~wallingf/blog/archives/monthly/2010-1... If it's the latter, just ask your connections to recommend a good outsourced development shop, or wait for somebody here to chime in. Well, there is already the ##solofounders channel on Freenode IRC. I'm also solo at the moment, but won't necessarily stay that way. I'm looking for 1-2 other co-founders to join the team. (So if you're a marketing/sales/bizdev guru in NC, or an ace web-designer / css/html/javascript guru in NC, gimme a shout.) The nice thing about being solo at the moment is, I get to do everything. For example, I've had to dig into a pile of CSS/HTML/Javascript stuff lately and start trying to reinvent myself as at least a half-assed Web UI person, since I don't have anybody else to do that stuff. The downside is, I have to try and reinvent myself as at least a half-assed Web UI person, when it's not my strength (I'm more of a backend coder.) The most straightforward way is to start with some default value for "hotness" and then decay the hotness by time (a logarithmic basis is popular for this), and increase hotness based on activity (votes, comments, etc.) For a real-world example (albeit one from code that's not much beyond "prototype" status) feel free to look at what we do in Neddick: https://github.com/fogbeam/Neddick/blob/master/grails-app/se... look at the calculateScore() and calculateHotness() methods in particular. What we do there is basically just use 0 as the default, count each upvote as +1 to score and each downvote as -1 to score, then use the score as the hotness, before decaying by age. It's simple and not optimized at all, but it gives the general effect we're looking for. Triangle JVM Hack Night is a meetup for hackers who code in any JVM language... so come out to Panera Bread at the Streets of Southpoint and hack on your latest Clojure, Scala, Groovy, Jython, Fantom, JRuby, Nice, PNuts, Beanshell, or Java project. I'll be there around 6:00. Look for a guy with a laptop and a stack of books. Note to self: Hack my Mr. Coffee to support an IP stack, and implement RFC-2324. Maybe a good chance to do some Arduino hacking? Heh, yeah, I think that's the same page I originally used to come up with an approach to doing this. There are also some discussions of this same topic on StackExchange and some other sites. So true... Wave was actually pretty damn cool in a lot of ways, but they seemed to do little or nothing to explicitly position / market it. Coupled with the fact that the original UI was a bit, erm, awkward, and we get what we have here today. Thankfully Wave lives on at the ASF and hopefully people are going to be able to use the technology to do some mondo radical stuff. If you were going to found a web based start-up tomorrow, what stack would you develop in? Depending on the details, probably some combination of: Groovy on Grails, Tomcat, HornetQ, CentOS Linux, PostgreSQL, Redis, Memcache; with the possibility of falling back to plain Java (or even going native with C++) if necessary for performance critical stuff. If absolutely necessary, maybe Thrift for cross-platform RPC. Note: I'm not making any claim that this is objectively the best stack available in any universal sense. But it's what would be best for me, based on what I know and am productive in. As far as I know, you don't incorporate federally, you incorporate at the State level. Hence the terms you hear thrown around like "Delaware Corporation," etc. You just need to incorporate in one state, but then some (maybe all) other states just require you to file certain paperwork (and possibly pay some fees) if you intend to do business in their state. If you're doing a webapp though, I don't think anybody really tries to enforce making you register in every state where somebody might try to use your app. But if you're selling a product you might run into sales tax issues, see Amazon's battles with North Carolina, Texas and some other states. All of that said, the act of incorporating - in and of itself - isn't terribly expensive. IF you pay a laywer to do it for you, I've heard prices thrown around anywhere from $500.00 to $1000.00, but some lawyers who specialize in working with startups might do it for equity or on a deferred basis. Ask around. If you do it yourself, it can be done for basically whatever the fee is to the State. I organized as an LLC in North Carolina, did all the paperwork myself, and it cost me like $200.00 or so. The downside to an LLC is that I'll have to reincorporate later if I get outside funding, but I figure if I reach the point where somebody wants to invest, then it'll be worth it to reincorporate as a traditional C corporation then. YMMV. Blah, blah, blah, Java, blah, XML, blah, EJB, over-engineering, blah, blah, blah, web services, blah, blah, java, culture, blah, ejb, blah, transactions, blah, blah, blah, yada, yada, yada. I call bullshit on this entire discussion. There are good and bad programmers using all languages and platforms, a bad programmer can write FORTRAN in any language; complex solutions are sometimes called for, and sometimes not; sometimes the "pragmatic" thing to do is to build in flexibility for unanticipated scenarios, sometimes doing so is just over-engineering. None of this has a damn thing to do with Java (or any other language, library or platform) per-se... it's just hip to bash Java and Java programmers these days. It's what the cool kids are doing, so it must be right, no? Let's just quit wasting our time on these pointless discussions and worry about building cool shit; whether we're building it in Java, C#, Python, C++, Ruby, Haskell, Erlang, Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Tcl, Perl, Ada, APL, FORTRAN, COBOL, RPG/400, PL/I, Intercal, Brainfuck, Befunge, Whitespace or whatever. I doubt IBM is interested in running a general purpose web-scale search engine. They seem pretty focused on selling stuff to businesses for internal use. If there was any sort of interesting connection between them and Google on something like this, I'd think it might involve Google licensing IBM's technology. But, for all we know, Google already have - or are developing - have the same ability. I mean, they don't employ Peter Norvig and people of his caliber for no reason. Though, I'm not convinced. Given that Google also tries to branch out to other domains, why shouldn't IBM do the same? Sure, I agree in principle. And I suppose if IBM management thought that was the right avenue for them to grow, they would do it. I just haven't seen much to make me think IBM have any interest in the consumer space at the moment. That could certainly change, but I personally wouldn't bet on it happening anytime soon. But, weirder things have happened... It went up to 500 not so long ago. Congratulations! That's a very inspiring story... thanks for sharing. What's with the flamebait thread title? Why not just keep the title of the original blog post: "Will the Female Founders Please Stand Up?" I don't see anything in that post to support any suggestion that "YC is sexist" at all. If anything, it's just the opposite; some YC founders came out for the explicit purpose of helping aspiring female founders. What's the problem again? As for this bit: But the circumstance produced an outrageously uneven power structure between the men and women in attendance. YCombinator created a dynamic where every man at the table was there to “advise” and every woman at the table was there to “be advised”. Every man was a “guest of honor” and every woman was a “paid attendee”. I know my way around a conversation about startups, and I regularly earn the respect of my male peers in conversation. Were I to meet any of these men in a different context, we would have been on a level playing field. But at this dinner table, for my life I could not convince these men to engage me as a peer. My comments were interpreted as questions and were met with “well, actually…” remarks. There was very little back and forth, and my opinion was of no consequence. The power structure of this dinner precluded any woman from being taken seriously at the table. How does gender even factor into this equation? Would it have mattered if some of attendees were men? The attendees would still have been the "aspiring" founders and the "advisers" would still have been the "advisers," the ones brought there to serve up knowledge. Or what if some of the advisers had been female? Would that have made any difference to the "balance of power" bit? No. The women can get advice from many other places, having Female in the title means the advice should have something to do with females. I can certainly see how someone might have shown up and found a disconnect between their expectations and reality. It would be natural to assume that some - if not all - if the advisers would be female for something like this. Fair enough. But just making the event "females only" for the attendees does make it "something to do with females." To hear the stories you hear, some women are intimidated by the possibility of attending an event and finding that they are the only woman present, or something of that nature. At least by restricting the attendees to females, they created an environment where women could feel secure about coming out, knowing there would - at a minimum - be other female attendees to mingle with, etc. That's still a win, even if the advisers weren't female, so far as I can tell. If I'm wrong, I'd love to hear the female take on how this wasn't still better than a similar event without the "females only" restriction. Sure, I said in another comment that one would expect - intuitively if nothing else - to find some female founders. But that section reads like the OP found it to be some horrible, horrible thing just because - due to circumstance - all the advisers were male and the attendees were female; and went off on what felt like a bit of a weird digression. Balance of power? Not being treated like a peer? I'm just saying that if you're at an event where you are - by nature - positioned in something of a "advisee" or "student" role, that you are in the "advisee" or "student" role regardless of your gender. And sometimes it's ok to put the ego aside, quit worrying about getting the other person to accept you, respect you, or whatever, and just listen and learn. I mean, nobody likes being talked down to, or patronized, right? I think that's something that transcends gender. But sometimes we accept it because there's something to be gained. Nolite has a good suggestion... doing evolutionary computation in parallel can be fun. Another suggestion would be to look into graph algorithms and find something there. Graph algorithms, in general, aren't known for parallelizing very easily and there should be a fair amount of active research going on in that area. I imagine you could find something there that would have some value, and that might be fun. Take the Red pill, dude. All joking aside, I think the long-term implications are closer to the computer on Star Trek than to the Matrix or Skynet. Better natural language understanding and information retrieval should make it easier to ask a computer to find information for us and do tasks for us. I don't think any of this has much to do with the computer become self-aware and deciding that it should take control of mankind's future... Big Data / Data Mining / Machine Learning 'ish stuff. Yeah, that's kinda broad, but generally speaking there's a lot of cool stuff going on there. Of course everybody is all amped up about AI at the moment because of Watson, but even outside of Watson there's a lot of stuff going on in this sphere. Why do companies need so much? How much? Why do they need money at all especially for a web startup? Oh, I don't know... maybe the founders want to pay themselves a salary so they can work on the project full-time and still pay rent/electricity bill/car payment/mortgage payment/gas bill/car insurance/phone bill/etc. And as cheap as computing cycles are, they still aren't free. Sure, a small Slicehost or Linode node for development is dirt cheap... but what if your webapp traffic starts to grow and you need to scale it out? Or maybe there are expenses for traveling to trade-shows, conferences, customer sites, etc? Maybe you want to buy advertising or pay a PR agency for some work? Maybe you want some graphics designed by a professional graphics designer? There are all sorts of things that go into running a business that cost money. The bigger question I have is what does the VC money earn you Runway and the ability to move faster. If I'm trying to bootstrap something, the amount of code I can produce in, say, 6 months, is equal to how much code I personally can write in that time. If I can hire, say, 2 more developers, we can - in theory, and allowing for Brooks' Law - get a lot more done. Getting done quicker, maybe getting a certain feature finished in time for a big-splash product launch at an important trade show, etc.; are places where being funded would give you an advantage over pure bootstrapping. Obviously this won't apply to everybody, and not everybody chooses to pursue VC money. Different strokes and what-not... I think a broken Etch-a-Sketch would kick Clippy's arse. A good answer, though I sense a bit of sarcasm/contempt in there! Yes, I tend to be a bit sarcastic by nature. Too much time spent watching British television and hanging out with Brits, I suppose. Or maybe it's just genetic, who can say about such things. Actually the original post struck me as almost a bit trollish itself, although maybe I just misread it. So yeah, maybe my response a bit snippier than usual. FWIW, I'm bootstrapping my own startup at the moment, and am very leery of taking outside capital. But I'm certainly open to the possibility if the situation dictates it. The thing that would be nice, would be being able to work on the project full-time, not just nights and weekends (outside of the $DAYJOB.) That's the one area - in particular - that makes it very tempting to start trying to raise money. There was one of the well-known columnists for Infoworld / EWeek / Computer World / One-of-those-magazines, that was calling it a bubble quite a while before it popped. My memory is telling me it was Bob Metcalfe, but I couldn't find a citation to back that up during a brief search. But, at any rate, there were definitely some people recognizing the bubble a bit early. There's a lot of cool stuff going on here in the RTP area... I really have a feeling that you're going to see some kickass startups emerging from this area over the next little while. We may be somewhat unknown at the moment, but a startup culture is slowly starting to take shape. I foresee good things for RTP area startup founders in the future. I'm tempted to apply, but I don't need the office space part, and I can't be there all day anyway because of my $DAYJOB. But the advice from successful founders part could be beneficial. But then again, successful people are - in my experience - surprisingly willing to meet and talk with you one on one if you ask nicely, excepting "celebrity" types who just don't have time to deal with all the people wanting access to them. Plus my "team" is still just me at the moment, which isn't very impressive. But if the right things were to happen by March 11, I might just give it a shot anyway. I'm getting tired of this constant back and forth about "ideas vs. execution." It seems plain as day to me that you need both a good idea and good execution to have the best chance of success. And a healthy dose of good luck probably doesn't hurt either. Sure, the world's best idea, with no execution, is worthless. And sure lots of people have "great ideas" that are just pie in the sky fairytales that aren't implementable. But look at the flip-side... how many hackers are there in the world, who - in 2003/2004 or so - were talented enough to build, say, Facebook? I'd venture the number is on the order of "a metric shit-ton." Now how many had the idea of building something like Facebook? And then the flip-side to the flip-side is to ask "how many had the idea and the talent, but not the initiative?" And we could keep going back and forth... the point being, you need both the idea and the execution. And executing a bad idea well isn't necessarily going to lead you to any success. What if I invented the world's most amazingly advanced and mondo righteous new model of buggy-whip, tomorrow? I could setup a factory, produce them, source the components at a great price, use six sigma and all sorts of fancy statistical process control and empower my employees and use the kaizen approach and churn out a constant supply of really high-quality (but inexpensive!), super advanced mondo righteous buggy-whips... which would all promptly collect dust until my factory went out of business, I went bankrupt, and I had to burn them as firewood. Over the years hobbies have come and gone, but some of my other interests include: Mountain Biking Wrestling (amateur wrestling, that is. I wrestled in High School) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu / Submission Wrestling Powerlifting / strength training Running (mostly trail running these days, when I run) Live music - I'm mostly a metal-head and I love a good live metal/rock show. But I also like classical, so I'll go to an NC Symphony Orchestra performance every once in a while. Watching Doctor Who and Torchwood. During football season I like to go out to a sports-bar and eat wings and watch the Miami Dolphins games. I'm also a UNC Tarheels fan, but I am not as into the college game as I am the NFL. Every now and then I like to do the dance club scene, although not as much as when I was younger. Reading is big: I like horror, suspense/thriller stuff, sci-fi, fantasy, urban fantasy, and all sorts of non-fiction topics. Most of my non-fiction interests are fairly typical geek fare though: various topics on science, math, philosophy, economics, etc. I'm also something of a Libertarian activist and actually ran for Lieutenant Governor of NC in 2008 (I wasn't elected.) Yeah, that's me. :-) Oh yeah, and thanks for the vote! I didn't win, but I did pretty well by historical standards for a LP candidate for state-wide office in NC. I'm working through Atlas Shrugged at the moment) What do you think so far? How far into it are you? Not sure what inspiration you can draw out of that, but I'm sure this will put Google one step closer to tying all my online identities together. Heh, I've given up hope on that front. I suppose you could say "officially" now, since I mentioned earlier the one thing that's an absolute, sure-fire dead giveaway to my real-life identity. Oh well, if somebody can connect the dots of all my various online accounts, more power to 'em. The characters that I think I'm supposed to like (Dagny and the prince boyfriend) all seem to have gotten where they are by being born into awesome situations. Don't get me wrong - Dagny is a hell of a lot more sympathetic than her brother, for example - but it's hard to look at her as a "self-made woman" when the railroad has been a family business for like 5 generations. That's true, but there seems to be a concerted effort throughout the story to tie her - in a sort of spiritual sense - to her grandfather who built the railroad originally. She thinks about him a lot and you get the sense that she is - at times - asking herself "Can I be as good a person as he was, can I be that brave, that strong, etc?" By the end of the book I felt a lot of sympathy for both Dagny and Rearden. Yeah, Winston-Salem isn't exactly a hotbed of activity. :-) motley.crue.fan@gmail.com fogbeam@gmail.com prhodes@fogbeam.com Have at it... Do you like classical music? If so, there are plenty of shoutcast streams out there with classical with no vocals. There's also plenty of electronic music (some techno, some trance, etc.) with no vocals, that you can find to listen to. There's always Finntroll, who do most of their vocals in Swedish. Anybody who's into Clojure and missed this Hack Night, really missed out. We had a contingent of guys from Relevance show up, featuring one of the Clojure Core committers and the author of one of the popular Clojure books. It kinda turned into "Clojure Hack Night" but that's fine... It was a good time and definitely a great chance to learn from some really sharp dudes. Yes, of course it can. Consider the alternative statement "No startup can succeed outside of (SF,NYC,BOS)." It only takes one counter-example to disprove that statement. Can you find one startup that launched outside of those cities that succeeded? Ok, done. Now the bigger question "does operating in one of 'those cities' have advantages?" or "is it easier to succeed as a startup in one of 'those cities'?" is a different issue. Certainly there are reasons why so many startups come from certain areas. But if you really are wanting a binary "yes/no" answer to "Can I - at least theoretically - succeed somewhere else" then there's really no question. Yes, it's been done [1] and it's being done. FWIW, I'll point you to some examples of the kind of stuff that's going on in one area (Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill/RTP, NC) that's outside of the traditional "tech hub" areas you mention: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2233892 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2233666 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2129698 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2222813 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2116846 http://meetup.com/RTP-Hackers-Founders/ http://www.meetup.com/lsc-rtp http://southcap.eventbrite.com/ http://eseriesmarch2011.eventbrite.com/ http://www.joysticklabs.com/ http://www.launchboxdigital.com/ http://www.newsobserver.com/2010/07/21/590526/american-tobac... http://blogs.newsobserver.com/business/five-companies-join-a... http://www.vcic.unc.edu/ And just for a little additional context: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Triangle_(North_Carolina) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Research_Triangle_Park [1]: http://www.redhat.com - maybe the best known of the Triangle area startups from over the years. And NC is just one area that has a lot going for it, outside of Boston, NYC, Bay area... there are plenty of places you can launch a startup, you'll just need to do your research and evaluate the relative merits and advantages and disadvantages of them. One example of a disadvantage frequently cited here in the Triangle NC area is that it's generally considered harder to raise Angel / VC money here than out West or in Boston / NYC. It is possible of course, it's just harder. Suster makes a good point, there are interesting assets outside of Silicon Valley. And to spin off from one of his own points, about the content industry being centered around Hollywood, I'll just throw this out there: http://www.essortment.com/film-industry-city-wilmington-nort... http://www.wilmingtonfilm.com/ http://www.ncfilm.com/ Believe it or not, but NC (Wilmington and Southeast NC in particular) have a thriving film industry. So if you're looking to do something that requires people with skillsets around filming, there's a whole other world here on the East coast that can provide that. Where can I find young, passionate, developers who are willing to trust me as a non-technical person? First of all, why are you worried about age? Anyway, are you looking to hire employees or are you looking for co-founders who will receive some substantial equity stake for joining you? You talk about only finding people who are "in it for the money" but people do have to pay bills... are you offering salary + equity or just salary or just equity or what? In the end, you'll have to sort out what combination is appealing to the people you're looking for. Beyond that, the answer to your question is really no different than the answer to my question, which is basically going in the opposite direction: "How can I find a hungry sales/marketing/bizdev person to get in bed with my startup?" And the answer really reduces to sales... when you talk to potential co-founders (or early stage employees) you're selling, just as much as when you talk to investors or prospective customers. You have to sell them on you, on your vision, on your ability to build and manage a company, and - perhaps even more importantly - on their role in this creation you're concocting. If you approached me, I know I'd need to you convince me that you were serious about the project, invested in the project in some fashion (not necessarily money, but something beyond just an idea), committed to the project; and you'd need to convince me that my role would be something where my needs (whether that be financial, professional, psychological, whatever) would have a reasonable chance of being met. For example, as a "tech guy" I'd want a fairly strong say in any and all technical decisions (duh, right?) but that would also extend to the the point of including discussion of product features, long-term product strategy, and anything that would have a substantial impact on "my stuff." I doubt I'm alone in this regard, as techies go. So if you come across as "I'm the product idea guy, I just need a programmer to slap this together, and just do what I tell you" then yeah, you're going to get guys saying "sure, pay me market rate and I'll build that for you" or "sure, go outsource to so-and-so software development, inc." Come off as "I'm building this thing and I want people to become a real part of this" and you have a fighting chance. As a 37 year old, I'd go along with almost all of what eengstrom said, in general. But there is a counter-point... being to cautious and patient can be a risk in it's own right. In my own case, I look back and feel that I waited too long to indulge my "wild hair" and move to a place with more opportunity. Now I'm struggling to deal with a world where a 37 year old is considered "old" to be a startup founder, and worrying about the real possibility of age discrimination as I continue forward in the technology profession. I'm not recommending going off half-cocked on a whim or anything, but there's something to be said for being aggressive about pursuing things. And unfortunately nobody can really tell you how to judge when a decision is being too aggressive or just silly... judgment is one of those things you really only gain with experience. All I can really tell you is to study hard, consider all the alternatives, solicit as much information as you can from various sources, and then make the best decision you can. In the end, whether you succeed or not isn't going to come down to any one decision in isolation anyway (well, 99% of the time anyway. A decision to start imbibing crack cocaine is pretty much a one way ticket to failure, but I hope you get my drift.) save your money Definitely this. Building a safety-net / nest-egg will both allow you the confidence to make some risky decisions at times, and may just save your ass one day if one of those decisions fails to pay off. Hah! Me? Too cautious? I would never have listened to my own advice, but then I had a job in hand and money saved, which seems an entirely different scenario than the OP. :-) How, also are you too old? Go to your pitch meetings like I plan to: I will be surrounded by octogenarians in overalls and Victorian wimples! Social camouflage! Oh don't get me wrong... I don't think (or at least acknowledge) being too old, but I am cognizant that there is a certain sort of bias towards youngsters in this field. I'm still thrashing away like mad on my project, and I'll be pitching it as aggressively as I possibly can (or harder) when the time comes. If anything, in my case, age is just making me hungrier exactly because I have that "I haven't done anything yet" feeling. If you were in my shoes, and knew the company, what would you do? What would I do? Not a damn thing. It's not your job to right every injustice in the world; and it's questionable if there's any injustice here in the first place. Ok, she lied on her resume... big deal, getting a job is one thing, but keeping it is about performance. If she - in the end - can DO the job she was hired to do, does the lying on the resume bit really hurt anything? Not that I'm advocating lying, I'm just saying that "what's done is done" and that it's not your place to get involved. http://thestartupfoundry.com and it's even created by our very own g0atbutt: http://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=g0atbutt so give these guys some support! See also: http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-alternatives-to-TechCrunc... Yes, under the right circumstances. The salary would have to be at least enough to scrape by while eating Ramen, the equity would have to be enough that I'd get rich if the company succeeds, I'd have to be in a position to have some genuine input into the company's direction and to impact it's chance for success, and - most importantly - I'd have to believe that the company is going to blow-up, and make us all rich. Under those circumstances, it would be a possibility (in a hypothetical sense anyway. Right this very minute I'm working on my own project, and it would be hard to sway me to join someone else's startup.) What are we missing? Hard to say. The Devil, as they say, is in the details. But if you've had a number of people come along, stay briefly and then walk away, well... chances are you're doing something wrong. Maybe it just reduces to picking the wrong people, but it's hard to say. Besides looking at each candidate's code samples, how can we evaluate who the right people are to bring in as a CTO or CIO? It sounds like your problem is less about coding skill and more about commitment to the project. Unfortunately, going on what you've said here, it's hard to take even a guess at what you should be doing differently. :-( Please stop; I'm already drooling over this thing... Seriously, I so want one of these. And if they really are launching it on AT&T so much the better, since I am (for better or for worse) already on AT&T. I'm going to guess that you won't see this implemented anytime soon. My reasoning is that pg is very busy, and that there isn't enough evidence of this being an actual problem to justify his taking the time to do this. Maybe if somebody coded it up and sent him a patch he'd consider it? Or not? Who knows? Are excessive downvotes really a problem here? Maybe it's just the stories I pick to read, but I haven't really seen it, or even seen people complaining about it on any mass level. I'm not disagreeing with your sentiment, I'm just saying that I don't expect a complicated solution to be implemented anytime soon. I'm basing this on what I've noticed of pg's posts on the topic, and what the man himself has said about his perception of the quality of HN. Of course I can't read minds, and for all I know pg is already halfway through coding something exactly like what you described. :-) A combination of ways, spread over many years. And I'm not done learning, so there almost isn't an answer to this question. But to try to hit the highpoints: 1. I bought a copy of Herbert Schildt's "Teach Yourself C" about 1993/1994 or so. Downloaded a shareware C compiler from a BBS and just started writing code. 2. Bought more books on C, C++. Upgraded to Borland Turbo C++ and started writing C++ code. Toyed with writing hobby projects like a D&D character generator, but mostly just worked through examples in the books. 3. Took an "intro to programming logic" class in college. 4. Graduated from the community college and transferred to UNC-W as a CS major. Took "Intro to Pascal Programming" and "Intro to C Programming" and an Assembler course during my first semester or two. 5. Kept studying C and C++ in my spare time, even after dropping out of school. Started dabbling with different libraries like OWL and MFC. Learned some Borland Paradox. 6. Dabbled a bit with other languages for kicks... downloaded freeware or open-source compilers and did at least "hello, world" in all sorts of obscure languages. 7. Went back to the community college to do a degree in computer programming. Took two semesters of C++ and two semesters of RPG/400 plus some other interesting stuff. 7.5 about 1998 or so, started dabbling with Java just a little, but wasn't sold on it. 8. By 2000 I was a modestly competent C/C++ programmer, but with no real world experience and no undergrad degree. But thanks to the dot-com bubble, I was able to get a job as a programmer anyway, once I left the confines of Hicksville and moved to the RTP area. 9. Spent a year or two doing mostly C and C++ and Visual Basic development. Transferred to a different community college to finish the A.S degree I'd dropped out of to move to RTP in 2000. Took two semesters of Java, a semester long class on Enterprise Java, a semester long class on JMS, two semesters of Visual Basic, two semesters of Oracle Pl/SQL and some other stuff I forget now. 9.5 By now I'm writing Java almost exclusively at my day job, developing web-based e-commerce systems. 10. Graduated, went back to that same school to do an A.S. in High Performance Computing. Started my first open source project somewhere in this timeframe. Took 3-4 semesters of classes on MPI programming, OpenMP programming, HPC security, Beowulf Cluster building, an Operating Systems class, etc. 11. graduated, kept working mostly in Java. Have worked mostly in Java ever since, with the exception of a stint at Lulu where I wrote mostly PHP and Python. 12. Started another open source project somewhere back around 2006. Mixed in with all of this going back to the late 90's, BTW, is an interest and association with open-source, including building Mozilla (Mozilla, mind you, not Firefox) from source and reading over it's source, trying to understand it. Tinkered with OpenOffice and some other random crap here and there as well. 12.5 Gave some talks on various topics at the local Java User's Group, Linux User's Group, etc. 13. About a year ago, launched the open-source project that I'm hoping to build a startup around. This time it's built in Groovy and I'm moving more and more towards Groovy, while still writing Java at my $DAYJOB. 14. Organize the TriJVM Hack Night meetup, where various people get together to hack on various "stuff" in any of the many JVM languages. I usually use the Hack Nights as an opportunity to spend a couple of hours working on Scala or Clojure. I'm really starting to get into Clojure. 15. Started writing overly long and detailed answers to questions on HN when I could be coding. Shame on me. As far as books go, there have been many over the years, but I always got a lot of mileage out of those "Dietel and Dietel" books. People seem to either love those or hate them, but they seemed pretty good to me. Bruce Eckel's "Thinking in C++" was a good one as well. The Robert Sedgewick books are good for algorithms stuff. I own a copy of SICP, but still haven't gotten around to working through it. But I will, one day... yes, one day I will. After that I'll tackle TAOCP (if I live long enough!) There are all sorts of opportunities and avenues to learn, so just take advantage. I also forgot to mention going to Users Group meetings (as an attendee) and I learned a lot from many Tri-JUG meetings or Tri-LUG meetings (among others.) And of course there are tons of videos and great lectures up on on Youtube and other sites. Lately I've been going through that Stanford/Google one on Data Mining and reading the Head First Statistics book. If there's a point to all this, I'd say it's "Just keep learning." Bugzilla. I wouldn't say I love or hate it, but it works and it's what I know. The biggest downside is that I'm not a Perl hacker, so if I wanted to hack on BZ, I'd have to take the time to learn Perl. Luckily I've never felt much of a need to modify Bugzilla. It just works. For reference, a related question from Quora: http://www.quora.com/What-are-good-or-classic-books-on-selli... I asked around the sales crew here at my $DAYJOB about this a few days ago, and heard good things about SPIN Selling and The New Solution Selling , FWIW. Sales people also always seem to cite Cialdini's Influence . Depends on what you mean by "web software engineering." Really it's almost a useless term, since a web-frontend can be the front-end for almost any sort of system. The question really should just be "where does linear algebra have applications to software engineering?" in a general sense. Pedantry & ranting aside, the obvious place is anything to do with machine learning / text mining. If processing large amounts of text and searching for things within, or based on, that text, you may well wind up using algorithms that involve linear algebra. One of the Mahout project founders speaks fairly often in the Triangle area, at User Group meetings and such, and he always seems to mention Linear Algebra in his talks. There's a reason for that. Plancast is more than just conferences, but you can find out a lot about what's going on through the site. Especially if you follow the right people: http://plancast.com/ There are also various public Google Calendar calendars that specialize in different industries, etc. For example, there's one that is just AI/Machine Learning conferences. http://ycombinator.com/faq.html Will you fund multiple startups working on the same idea? Yes. If you fund as many companies as we do it's unavoidable you'll end up with some overlap. Even if you tried not to accept competing companies, you'd still get overlap because startups' ideas morph so much. The way we deal with it is that when two startups are working on related stuff, we don't talk to one about what the other's doing. In practice it has not turned out to be a problem, because most big markets have room for several slightly different solutions, and it's unlikely that two startups would do precisely the same thing. I'm in pretty much the same boat, FWIW. My goal is to add a co-founder (or two, maybe even three) eventually, but haven't found people who were A. interested and B. the right fit, so far. All I can suggest you do is some of the same stuff I do: use the Internet to get that "extra voice" you need... ask questions here, on Quora, on StackOverflow, programming.reddit.com, programmers.stackexchange.com, etc. Use mailing lists for the various libraries, frameworks and/or tools you might happen to use. One thing that applies in my case, though, that might not in yours is that my code is open-source. So if somebody really wants to dig in and talk about things on a low level, they can clone my repo and get right into the guts of things. Also, the fact that I'm trying to run the open-source project in a respectable manner also adds pressure to keep everything pushed up to the github repo, use reasonable commit messages, etc., etc. Something else you might want to look into is the HN Office Hours site. Find a fellow HN'er or two that has "office hours" and call / skype / IM them and chat about things. Heck, even just join #startups or ##solofounders on Freenode and that'll give you some people to talk to. Yes. In our case, the product is based on an underlying open-source project (think Fedora -> RHEL relationship), and the road-map for the OSS project is already public (although always subject to change.) The roadmap for the "branded" release will likewise be open, and we'll also be actively soliciting customer input. But as you might guess, I'm a big fan of the ideas of "Co-creation"[1] and "Open Innovation"[2], as well as Patricia Seybold's "Outside Innovation" writings[3]. [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Co-creation [2]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_innovation [3]: http://www.amazon.com/Outside-Innovation-Customers-Co-Design... And your technical co-founder probably doesn’t need you. I guess it depends on the domain of your startup, but I generally disagree with this. Maybe it's because I'm focused on B2B scenarios, but - as a hardcore techie type - I absolutely see the need for a "business guy" to partner with. Marketing, sales, business development, fund raising, PR, etc.... all of those things are things that are NOT my strengths and would be better done by (or at least in collaboration with) somebody who specializes in those things. Regarding sales in particular... maybe it doesn't matter so much if your startup is a webapp that either goes viral or doesn't, but if you're selling a product (or service) that requires face to face selling, I expect you'd be hard pressed to overestimate the value of somebody who's good at the selling side of things. Hell, I'm actively seeking a non-technical co-founder, especially one of those "can sell ice to eskimos" or "can sell Bibles to the Devil" types. I may even go find a good used car salesman and see if I can get him/her up to speed on enterprise software. :-) If I had to pick between the two, I'd go for SV/SF, due to the weather if nothing else. I'm from a fairly southern location (North Carolina) and I have NO desire to live anywhere where it routinely gets any colder than it does here. Ok, from a timing standpoint, I'd say that's fair. In my case, I've been hacking away, by myself, on the code for around a year now... and it's only now that I'm starting to get close to the point of wanting a "business guy." That said, I think there could be a role for "business guy" even earlier in the process, depending on the details. If you're "scratching your own itch" and you know what you're going to build, then that's one thing. But if you're doing the "find a problem somebody has, and solve it" approach, then you could start the Customer Development process from day 0, and a guy/gal with experience in marketing / product management / etc. could be valuable then. Especially if he/she has some domain knowledge in the field you're working in. I'm not so sure that a business guy will just learn some technical skills in the early days of a startup. So the tech guy can learn business, but the business guy can't learn tech. I think it just depends on the individual. And when I say "business guy" I mean "business guy with some technical knowledge, particularly relevant domain knowledge." Which is one reason that finding the right person has been a challenge. I joke about finding a "used car salesman" and teaching them about software, but realistically, I'd like to find somebody who has experience selling enterprise software already. Submit it to a journal for publication? Present it a a conference of some sort? If you can't get it published in a traditional journal, write it up and submit to arXiv? Publish it on a website where it will get crawled by the Wayback Machine? Write it up and see what it takes to get it indexed by CiteseerX? Even better, try to turn publishing it into an opportunity to gain some PR: send press releases far and wide about it, and put an implementation of it in a GitHub repo. Shout it to the world. IANAL, YMMV, HTH, WTFBBQ, etc... As you might guess, the answer is "it depends." I tend to read fiction cover to cover, and if it's short enough (the average Dean Koontz novel, for example) I often read it one sitting. A Stephen King novel like Under The Dome might take 2-3 sittings. Non-fiction is a different story. I tend to read business books cover to cover (relative to a span of time, like say a week or two), but I interleave reading multiple books so that, at any given time, I have 3-4 books I'm in the middle of reading. Which one I pick up to read a few pages of on any given evening when I have time to read just comes down to a whim. Similar case with other non-fiction stuff... I have bookmarks stuffed in probably a couple of dozen books that are in some intermediate stage of being read. But sometimes one just catches my fancy and I knock it out in a few days (or whatever time-frame, depending on the length and difficulty.) The big exception are books that are basically just reference. A tutorial'ish book like Grails In Action I might go through almost cover to cover, but at some point when I've learned enough to start "doing stuff" I tend to start skipping around. Books like that I often never technically "finish." Other reference books I pick up, skip to the section I care about, read that part, then put it aside and never touch it again. For example, I'm skipping around in Mahout In Action now, focusing on the section on clustering. Sometimes I read just the part I need now then put the book in the "read this entire book later" pile. Then it just goes in the queue with all the other partially read books. So, following this system the time span I spend on any given book might range from 6-7 hours (like the last Dean Koontz novel I read) to 20+ years ( I think I started Douglas Hofstadter's Metamagical Themas at least that long ago, and it's still in the "come back and finish this later" pile.) This from a huge libertarian? Being a libertarian doesn't conflict with wanting to be forward looking, or with wanting to do ambitious projects. And a "small 'l' libertarian" might even be OK with the State managing the construction of something like the Interstate highway system. A "Big 'L' Libertarian" would oppose funding such a project through coercive, involuntary taxation, but wouldn't necessarily oppose the idea in itself. They would just argue that a means of funding should be found that doesn't involve coercion. That said, I don't know Peter Thiel and I don't know how deeply his libertarian roots run, or how much of an ideologue he is. There are a lot of people who call themselves libertarians that I wouldn't necessarily call libertarians myself.