https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_software > Open-source software (OSS) is a type of computer software in which source code is released under a license in which the copyright holder grants users the rights to study, change, and distribute the software to anyone and for any purpose. The difference between open source and free software is only ideological - you are probably thinking of shared source or source available. You should send a pull request. https://github.com/opengaming/osgameclones > KDE was a mess because the Qt3 to Q4 change was a humongous change. KDE 4 was a mess because in addition to the Qt upgrade they decided to jump on the semantic nonsense fad as well as develop a completely separate set of widgets for the desktop and the shoehorn those things into everything. Oh then there was the overengineered PIM framework that starts a MySQL server on your desktop system even if all you want is to have holidays being highlighted in the clock widget's calendar. Also they released what was still an alpha at best as 4.0 - version numbers for user facing releases do matter. https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/x86-Options.html -mfpmath=unit Generate floating-point arithmetic for selected unit unit. The choices for unit are: ‘387’ Use the standard 387 floating-point coprocessor present on the majority of chips and emulated otherwise. Code compiled with this option runs almost everywhere. The temporary results are computed in 80-bit precision instead of the precision specified by the type, resulting in slightly different results compared to most of other chips. See -ffloat-store for more detailed description. This is the default choice for non-Darwin x86-32 targets. > well there is this: #ifdef _MSC_VER __declspec( align(16) ) struct float4 { float v[4]; }; #else struct float4 { float v[4]; } __attribute__ ((aligned(16))); #endif I don't understand what you are trying to say here? Why not just use struct alignas(16) float4 { float v[4]; }; You can even put both __declspec( align(16) ) and __attribute__ ((aligned(16))) in the same place if you want to have a fallback for older compilers. > Until today, I don’t know if any other *nix has sorted out ABI compatibility across architectures, which allowed running applications cross-compiled for another target to run against the memory-resident kernel without virtualization (only instruction emulation when needed). QEMU supports user-space emulation on Linux, for example you can run an ARM binary on top of a amd64 kernel. x86 on top of amd64 kernels works OOTB. How do you manage with only 512 MB RAM? Couldn't you use a union for that? class string { union { const char *referenced; char *copied; } data; bool copied; public: string(const char *source, booly copy) { if(copy) { data.copied = strdup(source); copied = true; } else { data.referenced = source; copied = false; } } operator const char *() const { return copied ? data.copied : data.referenced; } ~string() { if(copied) { free(data.copied); } } }; No const_cast and no wasted memory and it's clear that you are storing two semantically different types. I would expect the conversion operator to optimize down to a noop since in all cases the returned address is equal to this . Productivity boost from not writing tests or thinking about function preconditions is also nice ... until it isn't. Relevant: make-linux-fast-again.com Why does MSVC actually need import libraries? It seems MinGW is able to link against just the .DLL without problems even on Windows. > So does linux, for that matter--ever try running a program linked to a newer version of glibc? That doesn't mean the interface isn't stable or at least not less stable than the kernel interface or literally any iterface for something that is still being developed. It would be nice if glibc would provide an easy way to target the ABI of an older version (which is compatible with all newer versions) but you can do that the manual way by compiling and linking against that old version. > Given glibc isn't part of the OS, and that hence you can statically link to it Unless you want to use any other library on the OS, for example 3D graphics drivers which tend to have hardware-specific parts in userspace. > Overall it seems to me like coding against direct syscall numbers is a disadvantage on almost every front. Which is why noone does it unless they have a very good reason. > But every other library that you don't ship with your binary is essentially out to break your stuff. There are many more lower level libraries that provide binary backwards compatibility: libasound, libX11, libGL, ... Sure you're not going to be able to assume that /usr/lib/libpng.so.1 will provide the functionality that you want but that isn't any different from png1.dll some program installed in system32. Something like that is what I am hoping we get with contracts when they make it into C++. Although the versions so far only add constraints to functions, having them on types as well sounds very useful. Any idea why GCC zeroes out eax before overwriting it? It never fails to amaze me how smart compilers can be while also being so stupid sometimes. On the other hand until relatively recently they have been bad at recognizing loads/stores of larger integers implemented using byte loads and shifts and then optimizing that into larger loads (for architectures where unaligned loads are allowed). Doing it this way allows you to completely delegate any little/big/weird endian concerns to the compiler. If only you could specify overflow behavior and value range separately. Except if b is a directory, then ln -s a b will create a symlink at b/a which points to a. Oh, nice info. It's gone when using e.g. -march=znver1. > Creating a non-UTF8 rust string is UB. So how does rust deal with filenames under Linux? Use somethinge other than strings? > With an optional do-not-block attribute. Which would be honored just like Do-Not-Track? Seems only fair. Look up what (int*)ptr does in C. This attitude is the best argument for not using rust I have seen so far. One nice speed improvement for linking C++ (and I imagine C as well) with GCC and Clang is -gsplit-dwarf which does not link debug information but instead only references the original object files. This of course only makes sense for development where the object files are still available for GDB to load the debug symbols from but it is a nice feature. The MSVC linker has /DEBUG:FASTLINK as well. You can have const variables on the stack. Those will not have hardware write protection but it's still undefined to write to them. It's hardly C semantics that const memory should not ever be written to, otherwise there would be no need for the distinction at the LLVM ir level. This assumes the --option=value syntax which while a de-facto standard on Unix-like systems is unfortunately not supported by all programs. I agree that system() (in C and other langues that simply copied it) is a bad API. For shell escaping a command to start a process with a list of arguments would be enough, and even POSIX C has you covered there with vararg and array variants. [1] [1] http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man3/posix_spawn.3.html (or fork() + exec()) Then concatenating to valid Unicode documents would no longer be valid Unicode. That is bad. And ASCII text would no longer be a valid UTF-8 encoded Unicode document. That is bad. And even when everything has finally switched to UTF-8 every tool ever will still need to handle the BOM. That is bad. Guessing between valid UTF-8 and Latin-1 is only ever ambiguous when there are multiple non-ASCII characters in a row and all those sequences are made up of a lead byte with the correct number of trailing bytes. How often is that a problem for you in practice? Nvidia can release an open-source kernel driver. They have just figured out that inconveniencing their customers is cheaper than paying developers. Have you tried Darktable? But you won't get the detailed HTML output that tells you why Clang Analyzer things a problem exists. You can also get run-time checks in libstdc++ and libc++ with -D_GLIBCXX_DEBUG -D_GLIBCXX_DEBUG_PEDANTIC and -D_LIBCPP_DEBUG=1. Clang has support for cross-compiling [1] without needing separate builds for each target so you should be able to use clang-analyzer and clang-tidy whit the right -target flag for your ARM platform. https://clang.llvm.org/docs/CrossCompilation.html Besides that, most bugs found by static analysis are platform independent so you should be able to use any static analyzer you get your hands on as long as your code is cross-platform. I only hear about PVS-Studio from their adticles that they agressively post to programming-related communities. Idk about nVidia since they insist on being a special snowflake in the Linux graphics ecosystem but for everything else you can add arbitrary display modes with xrandr and and then either let your display do the upscaling (might not support all resolutions) or configure your GPU to do it. Most displays also just advertise a number of smaller resolutions - does yours not do that? > Valve basically single handedly created Linux gaming. Valve's influence has been immensely positive for Linux gaming but saying they created it is ridiculous. I was playing on Linux just fine before Steam was ported. Valve's contributions very much stand on top of the efforts of those that came before them. Sure there were 4 if you ignore those published by id, those ported by Loki and LGP and forget that Humble Bundle was a thing before S4L. The number of available games has increased greatly but before S4L was released I already had a backlog of games to play. So to make GitLab faster you are going to add more JS bloat. Ok. I went to 3840x1600 - as wide as two Full HD screens but with a bit more vertical space and no bevel in the middle. Is this supposed to be a good thing? While some ATMs have limits like that, there are many that let you select a custom amount - I regularly withdraw amounts like 45€ or 95€ to make sure I get some smaller bills. Also, you can't just reuse the same colors for syntax highlighting in dark mode. Saturation needs to be turned down compared to light mode or everthing looks like a mess of colors. > You opt in to first party telemetry by using gitlab. It is impossible for you not to send data to gitlab when using gitlab. There is still a difference between sending actions you selected to the server and tracking where you move the mouse while on the page in your browser or other bs like that. One is required to implement the functionality, the other is not. Is that the same community that is complaining now? That part is actually positive though - if you want to squat a domain for over 100 days too bad. I also use a CC from a bank that does not have a presence in my town to withdraw. I think it just depends on the ATM. Steam launched 16 years ago. Saying Epic is at most 16 years behind is not really a good argument. Then you aren't hosting your own website from home anymore. tt-rss works well enough for me as a google reader replacement Better even since it has plugins to inline some comic strips where the RSS feeds are just links to the pages. What you describe sounds very much like a feature request, and one that would add overhead compared to the existing implementation. > There's some expansion that can be done on that third option. Even if I'm not very invested in a project, I'd be happy to mention a bug if it were easy to do. But my experience has been that, if I report the bug, I'm going to start getting asked for details about my system, and asked to try a bunch of things to try and sort out the reproduction steps, and possibly even have maintainers getting frustrated with me if I don't want to fix the problem myself. A quality bug report should include system details and detailed reproduction steps. Expecting "something didn't work for me" to leat to a fix is unreasonable, especially when you expect unpaid vonlunteers to do the work. And then you get people complaining about being asked to provide additional details. You can find some of them in this thread. Ironically the change described in this article will give the CDN more information as it now receives a request for each site and not just the first. That should not happen on rolling release distros either - sounds like it would be a NixOS packaging issue where the version (or git commit hash) of Mesa/LLVM is missing or the Nix package applied patches without changing the version in the cache key. > TR3 does have larger L3, but the 3900X isn't a slouch either with 64MB of it. And L3 scales with the number of chiplets, which rooughly scales with core count, so a 16 core TR would "only" have 64MB L3 too unless they used garbage chiplets with half of the cores disabled. The FX processors got a lot of flak over the core count vs number of floating point units, but for compiling my FX 8350 has been doing just fine. Still looking to upgrade to a TR 3970X though when the become available. https://archiveprogram.github.com/#arctic-code-vault > The snapshot will consist of the HEAD of the default branch of each repository, minus any binaries larger than 100KB in size. Each repository will be packaged as a single TAR file. 100KB is a very low limit, many repos will be useless Usually getting a upper bound on when something was first published is easier than finding out when and if some random person has died. 5- Check in together with someone else who is carrying less. > you can turn them off Often only through the Vendor's software that of course is only available for Windows. One next step that I don't think C++ compilers do yet is deduplicate functions that differ only in constants used or functions called. This could help with std::sort-style functions where the outer algorithm can work on generic pointers and only the comparison is a call to a different function. CNAME is a red herring - it would not take that much more effort to delegate the subdomain to a name server controlled by the tracking service or just dynamically update the A/AAAA records yourself. > It feels like being penalised for doing the right thing. Just because there are worse things to do does not make Piwik the right thing. The right thing is not to collect the data at all. > What does that numpad offer that is not already on the rest of the keyboard? Additional keys. I use mine for macros. This could actually change performance though as the lambda version gives you a unique templace instantiation of std::transform while the non-lambda version requires std::transform to be inlined into the caller (or cloned to an argument-specific version) before the compiler can make any optimizations based on its knowledge of toupper. > the solutions will simply be games designed around these issues pretty much how many modern games are designed around the limitations of a console controller or a mobile phone touch screen If that happens it will just be another big negative impact of Stadia. Yeah, please don't add lazy loading. - It breaks viewing the site with javascript disabled. - It prevents viewing the site offline (e.g. on an airplane) without first scrolling through the whole content while online. - Unless implemented perfectly it adds delays before content you have scrolled to becomes visible. Deciding when to load stuff should be the browser's job. Don't reimplement the browser in javascript. Please remove lazy loading completely and instead leave the decision when to load content to the browser. Static content should never use any scripts. In what way is HTML5 is inherently slower than previous versions? Pages tend to be slow because of the tracking and adds addded to them as well as client-side "rendering" for static content. None of that is required by HTML5. Once you start transforming a document you always risk discarding information that later will turn out to be useful. Besides, I bet images, videos and other non-text data dwarf the space required by HTML markup. mpv can stream directly from youtube (and tons of other websites) using youtube-dl. Combine that with a browser plugin to play a link or the curent page in mpv. Infinitely better experience than watching in the browser. Hacker News isn't really comaparable to the different niche subreddits that I am subscribed to. At the same time I am not interested at all in the business-related articles that are also part of this site. That's why I still use reddit: I can subscribe to the topics I like while filtering out others or only viewing them when I'm bored. Do you have a reason to assume that Stadia will be around for a long while? > The solution was to configure my .editorconfig file to use tabs for makefiles The real solution is to not have your editor silently convert tabs to spaces, ever. > At least on eBay it’s much more common to get a picture of the actual product This part can be really annoying. I have been trying to collect all different boxed/DVD/etc releases of an old game and the Amazon listing just shows promotional cover art that I now suspect was never used for retail copies of the game (the publisher on the cover was bought out by another one before the game released). Definitely none of the copies that I got from that listing matched the image shown. On eBay you might need to sift through many listings to find the best price but at least you can usually see which version you are buying. eBay lets you filter for listings from the same country / continent / everything - Amazon definitely needs something like that. > memory from 8 Gb to 16 Gb 2 GiB total is not a lot Games tend to be optimized for framerates so it makes sense to sacrifice load times for that. Of course there are plenty of games that are just badly optimized and could improve both framerates and load times. I have that set too but still use https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/old-reddit-redir... to make sure I don't accidentally share a link to that awful new interface. Yet they insist on auto-playing the next video when most users will not be interested in that. Serving all comments is much less data than even the initial buffer of the video. The real reason I think is that a user reading comments on youtube isn't watching ads during that time. In that case just use sans-serif or a web-safe font and avoid the third-party dependency. You ISP still sees which IP addresses you eventually connect to. > If you want a new domain and to keep your backlinks you can 302 the old domain to the new. Which will only work as long as you keep paying for the old domain. > CK2 only working on xorg, HOI4 only working on x11 (or the other way around) Not sure what you meant, but X.Org is an implementaion of X11 so this doesn't make any sense. > It doesn't surprise me at all. That number would have been zero without emulation like wine/Proton though. No it wouldn't - there would still be people who like playing games and use Linux even if they couldn't play those games under Linux. Proton doesn't add anything to that. Mostly unwanted functionality. Random (but plausible) values seem like a much better solution than just default values - you don't just hide as much identifying information as possible but you also poinsin the information that may still be there. The problem is that even if you can disable this one, it's enabled by default and browserv vendors keep adding this shit without any concern for the privacy impact. Plus, there are already PCIe 4 NVMe SSDs. That's like saying a broken lock works perfectly if only authorized people ever try to enter. Now I want to be able to git reset --hard my kitchen. I was fine with using light mode on a single 24" screen switched to dark mode once I got a 38" ultrawide - there is just no way I am staring at a mostly white screen of that size for all day. Wait people still leave atime enabled? > Decompressing and recompressing a zip gives a lossless copy of the actual data, but there's no way to reconstruct the same exact zip you started with. I don't think getting the same JPEG is the goal here but getting a JPEG that decodes to the same image data. It's oder-sensitive under X11 but many of the the default combinations are duplicated with the reverse order. > to do MSAA on a deferred renderer you need to take it into account in your pixel shaders, which in practice means that basically nobody does it I think the bigger problem with doing MSAA with deferred rendering is that your G buffer gets even bigger since you now need to store information for each sample. In C++, argument-dependent lookup ( https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/adl ) lets you specify operators in the same namespace as the type of (any of) their arguments. > The lose part is supporting people who would otherwise work and contribute to the economy. Why do you think that having everyone contribute to the economy should be the goal? Are you absolutely certain that your acquaintance does not have a positive impact on those around him while he is not working? ... and the main reason for the ARD/ZDF to have useless apps and content on their websites in the first place is so that they can demand not-tax from everyone instead of only those who still own a TV. I couldn't disagree more about the ARD/ZDF being useful. I'd even go as far as saying they are harmful (biased news, promoting gambling, ...). But we can agree to disagree on that. What I think is absolutely not OK is the current funding method using a compoulsory payment. If you say that public TV is beneficial to society then it should be funded through regular taxes which are collected equitably (ie. based on income). If however publicly funded TV is not a benefit to society then there should be a way to opt out. There was before ARD/ZDF added these online services. No matter good the test coverage in germany is, the growth is still exponential so the currect prevention measures are insufficient. Growth in Germany is exponential. It doesn't matter how many people they manage to test if they are still going to wait and see before taking measures to reduce the infection rate. At least motherboards typically have a BIOS option to turn that off. For other components you better be using Windows if you don't want your computer to barf colors all day. And scanning backwards works too. > Traditional unices allow arbitrary bytes with the exception of 00 and 2f, NTFS allows arbitrary utf-16 code units (including unpaired surrogates) with the exception of 0000 and 002f. For just Windows -> Linux you can represent everything by mapping WTF-16 to WTF-8. Character (code point) iterators are useless. For parsing text-based formats, UTF-8 has the nice property that the encoded byte sequence of a character is not a subsequence of the encoding for any other chracter or sequence of other characters. This means splitting on byte sequences of UTF-8 works just as well as spliting on code points. And for text editing you need to deal with grapheme clusers anyway, which can be made up of a variable number of code points - so having these be made up of a variable number of bytes doesn't make anything worse. > It's very easy for native English speakers to say English should be the only language It's also very easy to assume that everyone advocating for using a common language is a native English speaker. You can get infinite scrolling and inline images with RES [1] without making it impossible to read discussions. [1] https://redditenhancementsuite.com/ > Deus Ex (Super old but quite good, I started it recently. I had best results in Proton selecting the software renderer in the first launch dialog instead of DX9) I recommend Deus Exe [0] for playing Deus Ex. And yes, it's still an awesome game. [0] https://kentie.net/article/dxguide/ Yeah nah I'm not going to support anyone that encourages exclusives. I'm curious what you are trying to get out of gatekeeping what a game is? Would you not consider children pretending to be someone else to be playing a game? What bout LARP [0]? However Gone Home would even satisfy a definition of a "game" that requires there to be challenges. Much of the information is hidden throughout the house, requiring the player to find it and reconstruct the whole story. There are even locked off areas that you need to find keys for. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Live_action_role-playing_game Hah, some games already pit cheaters against each other. At the end of the day anything that runs on Linux without needing additional compatibility tools is native. You could make a distinction for Windows/whatever games bundled together without Wine/eON/whatever and depending what want to determine that might make sense but at that point you probably also want to exclude things like Unity that don't really do a great job at integreating into the Linux environment. SDL can be used for porting games (ie, making them native) and that's what it was originally created for but it's not really comparable to bundling a Windows .exe with Wine, which would add a lot more complexity. It didn't solve library fragmentation as much as it showed the solution that was always available and already used by most ports before the Steam runtime existed: to bundle all the libraries you need besides system interface like libc, libGL, etc. This is really no different on Windows. > Practically, no one did this before Wine/Proton. Oh come on, that's a huge exaggeration. There are thousands of native games available for Linux and Wine/Proton had nothing to do with that. Finding something to play hasn't been a problem for a long time if you are interested in a wide enough range of games. Steam did make a big contribution to that but that was before Proton - if anything, Proton might have slowed down the number of new native releases. What Proton solves for people is being able to play specific games they want to play, like for example the latest popular AAA game that everyone is talking about - for that it's not enough if there are x% of games available no matter how big x is. Individual DLLs from Wine are alreay being used to fix compatibility problems in older games on Windows. [0] http://bitpatch.com/ie_ddrawfix.html (included in the GOG.com installer for Planescape: Torment) The audio subsystem changes definitely could have been done better. Ideally /dev/dsp should have been extended like has been done on the BSDs instead of inventing completely new interfaces. That said, doesn't libasound still work with pulse? gstreamer on the other hand is something you can just as easily ship yourself. I wouldn't consider that a Linux userland API as much as a random library that is present on many Linux system just like some crap you'd find in system32. I'm less familiar about the API/ABI changes in the libudev transition - is there anything there that broke API compatibility. The "lower level" userland libraries (glibc, libGL, libX11) tend to be pretty good at maintaining backwards compat. Well, except for Mesa pulling in the C++ standard library which can be a real problem when older games also dynamically link (incompatible) versions. Well yeah, the VK in DXVK stands for Vulkan. Also Tomb Raider 4 uses DirectX 7 which is not supported by DXVK so you'd need to combine it with dgVoodoo2 [0] to translate DX7 -dgVoodoo2-> DX11 -DXVK-> Vulkan, which did work quite well for me with Tomb Raider 4 and 5 while Wine's DirectX 7 implementation had rendering issues at the time. [0] http://dege.freeweb.hu/ No, games marked as Linux on the Steam store do not use Proton (by default) but are native (either ported or in some cases wrapped with Wine/whatever by the developer). Black Mesa uses the Source engine for which Valve created their own ToGL wrapper but it's compile-time and much smaller than Wine. Most programming language implementations don't try to avoid using libc. Not legally relevant doesn't mean not relevant. And freenode does have a clear policy on public logging, requiring you to disclose that you are logging beforehand or get permission before publishing. [0] [0] https://freenode.net/policies#public-logging Phones are much more reliant on having hardware decoders for things like video while desktops can usually get away with a CPU-based implementation, yes. At the very least they added a Vulkan renderer too. But at the end of the day Source 1 is also just a modified GoldSrc engien which is just a modified Quake engine. Doesn't really mean much when there have been extensive modifications over time. OpenAL (Soft) [0] does give you fairly easy spatial audio that will be enough for 99% of all games. [0] https://openal-soft.org/ > To this day, what surprises me most is that my computer was able to successfully boot and behave normally for an hour or two, even though random bits were apparently being flipped. With my current computer I overclocked the RAM to the best config I could get memtest to run without errors over the night. The RAM also has ECC and there were no problems reported during normal operation, even when re-compiling (most) packages. But when I got to compiling LLVM the system would crash shortly after logging ECC errors. Backing off the overclock a bit fixed that. So the rate of memory errors can definitely depend on what you are running. > Server apps are more complex and are a strong argument counter to the existing behavior, as is the fact that many apps cannot be refreshed without user impact. Updates to non-server applications can also have a big user impact and there needs to be a way to avoid/delay them when you know you won't have time to deal with any potential fallout. > 2. If you are parsing a string, think in terms of code points (runes in Go, chars in Rust). A good example would be the Servo CSS parser. [1] If all your syntactically meaningful characters are in ASCII you can also use UTF-8 bytes in your parser. Even if they aren't, no UTF-8 encoding of a character is a substring of the encoding of any other character(s). The traditional way to truncate an existing file is using O_TRUNC in the open call. From your link it looks like Plan 9 has that flag. > In addition, there are [...] values that can be ORed with the omode: OTRUNC says to truncate the file to zero length before opening it Creating a new file also replaces all file metadata (creation time, permissions, ACLs, links, ...) while O_TRUNC only erases the contents. How is that bypassed dead man's switch not an OSHA violation? https://youtu.be/HzcN3cbikzA?t=179 You could use that argument to dismiss any loss condition in games that allow arbitrary saves. www is useless anyway as you are already choosing to connect to the web by using the HTTP(S) protocol. Not that they should, but the only ability that is required for installing Gentoo is to read and follow instructions. Heck, GitHub could stard with filtering out "forks" that don't have any changes at all. > As for the quality of the translation, the solution for that is for developers to make better translations. Translation is inherently lossy. Firefox has two separate settings for "Choose the languages used to display menus, messages, and notifications from Firefox." and "Choose your preferred language for displaying pages" so your use case should be covered by not second-guessing the user settings. Not ignoring values from 3a is exactly what this discussion is about. Stop second guessing the user's settings. > I don't understand why a web browser (or any application) needs a custom language setting, much less a prominent one. It's just one more place that can fail. For entertainment including games I want them to be in the original languaugage they were developed in (if it's one I can speak fluently) even if that differs from my system language (which differs from my native language (which at many points in my life has differed from the default language for my location)). I don't personally have a reason to have a different language for my browser UI though, but perhaps someone else does. However I agree that the default for application languages should be "use the system default" - not whatever was the system default at installation time or some other fixed language. The irony of adware asking you to install a different browser to block ads. Google will regularly forget your language setting if you're not logged in. That is exactly the code the website will generate if you select no IE support. > got really excited that someday we may be able to game on Linux. Someday? You can already game on Linux. > I think the realm where the JVM can potentially beat C++ is, funnily, work that requires a lot of memory. The thing that the JVM memory model has going for it is that heap allocations are relatively cheap compared to heap allocations in C++. If you have a ton of tiny short lived object allocations then the JVM will do a great job at managing them for you. Except C++ also has many other options besides malloc() each of these individual objects. I just have Options -> Home -> New tabs set to "Blank Page" and that works just fine without any icons. Bash has arrays: var=( a b "c d" ) ls "${var[@]}" POSIX shell can get you what you want with eval: var='a b "c d"' eval "ls $var" There is also one array variable in POSIX shells, the argument list: set -- a b "c d" ls "$@" > But for some reason, it's thinking it can just reread the flags from the structure after that function, which has a non-const pointer The pointer being const would not give the compiler any more guarantees that would allow it to reorder the read. Many of these should also not be exposed to websites without explicit authorization. Ctrl+D (EOF) works for most weird interpreters. I really don't understand 4K 10bit HDR video that's still only 29 FPS. Why is smooth motion not a focus at all? I am really conflicted when configuring my servers. I can see the need to deprecate insecure protocols but deliberately cutting off compatibility with old clients feels wrong. Kind of, but if you have enough tabs the cost may become to high. I my FF set up so that tabs are suspended only after a generous time limit and have also excluded some sites so that they are never suspended. Would be nice to be able to suspend the tabs to disk instead of throwing the state away completely. > The mods are too happy to delete posts While that does happen, my problem is more often that mods of smaller subreddits are inactive or unwilling to moderate them so they end up being filled with low effort memes instead of actually interesting content. It's really a decision you have to do per-library. For something like SDL that has a stable ABI while providing user-visible improvements in newer versions, dynamic linking makes sense. SDL's solution isn't only for static linking but also for bundled dynamically loaded SDL copies. I am not really convinced that SDL's approach is perfect though as anyone statically linking SDL can just disable this functionality and this feature has already caused problems requiring you to manually substitute the loaded libSDL. For libs that don't interact with the system, dynamic linking does not really provide an advantage for binaries that are distributed on their own. Relocation by patching code means you no can no longer share code sections between programs. > > A good linker will remove unused symbols. Additionally, a linker not be able to remove symbols that are unused at runtime but are still (transtively) referenced statically. For memory mapped dynamic libaries those code pages will not be loaded unless needed. For example, statically linking libstdc++ for any C++ program which uses iostreams (or anything else infected with std::locale) will mean including code to format and parse e.g. monetary amounts even if your program never uses this functionality. > and may use byteswap instructions if needed Or it may not because often compilers fail to make simple optimizations: https://godbolt.org/z/NAt3uX So are you saying that ⅓ has a finite presentation in decimal? Finite binary rationals ⊋ finite binary numbers. There is nothing incorrect about the code I posted - clang will compile it to a single read + bswap just fine. And you don't need to go that far back for your code to not be recognized - GCC 4.9 will produce individual loads and shifts for that too. The point is that you can't rely on compilers consistently to recognize complex patterns. > For copyrights, there is some merit to not allowing others to take over your work during the life of the author. Care to expand on that? Then you writing the book in the first place is theft as it deprives other authors of potential sales. They pay less in a world where people are used to "buying" works rather than funding them. It's unreasonable to think that people would just stop spending their money if copyright was abolished. The user in control here is the one configuring the SSID, which is not necessarily the same one owning the device used to connect to it. That is a reasonable approach if you know that what you are decoding is supposed to be UTF-8. If you don't know the text encoding because there is no information to indicate it (or you don't trust that information to be correct) then you will have to guess and "decode as UTF-8 for valid UTF-8, use some legacy encoding otherwise" is a common approach (used e.g. by many text editors). > Speaking of lists, the domain could be on the PSL. Public Suffix List for those like me who might not have all the latest TLAs memorized. https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_Suffix_List > I wish that the powers that be could see that the law has not had its intended effect and has instead just led to a degraded web experience for everyone. Wether it was the intended effect or not, it has made it very clear just how scummy advertising companies are. > Germany and Italy, which are neighbours. I think Austria and Switzerland would like to have a word with you. > $0 means a filename of a file that is being executed. This is only a convention and is entirely up to the calling program. For example in bash scripts you can use `exec -a name ...` to pass "name" as the 0th argument. If you are already using #!/bin/bash you might as well use ${BASH_SOURCE[0]} to get the path to the current script. This makes me want to use this just to get people to fix their broken editors. > glibc (no matter what they say about having stable endpoints) glibc does have a stable ABI. What they don't have is a frozen ABI so they will all new entry points. But old programs linked against glibc do and will continue to work fine. > You can't run a program written today on the system repo libraries from 5 years ago. You can absolutely write programs today targeting 5 year old ABIs. I agree that the FOSS toolchains could be more helpful there so you can just pass some compiler flag for the oldest glibc version you want to support but it is not impossible to achieve that on your own. I had no problem finding ECC UDIMMs for my TR build. Sure, not that many options but you only need one. I rarely use git add (basically only for new files or non-text files) and instead always use commit --patch. > Nevertheless, shouldn’t publishers be free to choose how they fund their creations? Of course. The problem is when they demand that goverments take away their ciziten's natural rights to copy and share information in order to support their chosen business model. If publishers want society to make their business model possible by being given special "rights" and having public institudions enforce those "rights" then it is very much up to all of society to choose if that is acceptable. Remember copyright is an entirely artificial construct meant to benefit society by encouraging creators to produce content. It is my and many others opinion that the current state of copyright is a very one sided affair that benefits mainly big corporations while having numerous negative effects on society. > If we take away the option of artificial scarcity then an entire highly trained professional class will be out of work. Unlikely. There will always be a demand for entertainment and people interested in filling that demand will find a way to make it worthwile. But even if the entire entertainment industry would instantly disappear then that would still not be an argument to uphold unjust laws. Professions becoming obsolete with progress is entirely natural. People can adapt. > Even if it was possible, surely the people who have invested real money should be the ones to make this decision? Why? They have no inherent right to limit the distribution of their content, only the special rights society has decided to give them in order to encourage the creation in the first place. Send them a letter stating that they are spamming you and hope they will fix it? Could also be url decoding of the non-urlendocded email which would convert the + into a space. A tiny change like a typo in a comment I would just edit in both the git commit --patch `e` editor and in the working tree copy. Anything bigger I'd either abort or skip and edit/test normally and then amend. My main use for `e` are not really edits to the final code but rather for splitting up changes that affect the same line. I only had problems with errors from `e` on Windows - I'm guessing due to wrong line endings. I am still looking for a good self-hosted solution for code hosting and bug tracking that - Doesn't have excessive server side dependencies or resource requirements - Doesn't have unnecessary client-side requirements (should be fully usable without JS, should not load a million resources to render a single page) - Doesn't make any external requests (except for things like third-party logins where there is no other way) - Has decent UX and visuals IRC = internet relay chat chat does sound like messaging Skype sounds like a made up word. Nothing wrong with that. > For this reason myself (and many other programmers) own additional ANSI-US layout keyboards. Why though when you can change layouts without changing keyboards. There is nothing preventing you from swtiching layouts between coding and typing German. How long did you try? Of course learning to touch type on a different layout will take some time but that doesn't make using brackets in programming languages unreasonable. Using a German layout is very much a choice you have made and is no reason for you to demand that programming languages should make everyone else's life harder to acomodate those choices. Even for German text input, umlauts and sz are rare enough that it is not much of a hindrance to have to enter those via dead keys or compose sequences on a layout that doesn't make {} and [] a pain to type. I don't know about AM4 but my TR4 MSI board definitely does report ECC errors (both corrected and uncorrectable). Will this version let me compose text-only messages by default while still being able to switch to a HTML message when needed? You used to be able to shift-click reply to compose as text but that that stopped working in a previous update. So you want a dull sword with handles on both ends just so that nobody can possibly cut themselves? Professional tools are meant to be efficient for those trained in using them and if that means they are slightly harder to learn that's OK. For most websites maybe, but you can change host to cut costs if needed. Not so with domains if you want to keep the URLs working. It works OK to recover unused domains (but definitely no perfectly) but it does mean nearly all URLs get broken eventually even if the content is still archived somewhere. > - enable HTTPS I really wish HTTPS hadn't changed the URL scheme so you could host both HTTPS and fallback HTTP under the same URL. However most HTTPS sites will redirect http://domain/ (.*) to https://domain/$1 (or at least they should) so this doesn't need to break URLs. The site is perfectly responsive (even if the margins are a bit large). The problem is that makers of mobile phone browsers decided to assume pages are not responsive and need a large width unless you include a specific meta tag - which is an absolutely stupid assumption and not something anyone could have foreseen in 1998. > I feel like for a lot of sites CF & CDNs are the only way to survive Reddit/HN/etc - do you disagree? Reddit/HN/etc will send all users to the same URL. Almost all of those users will come without any pre-existing cookies. Serving the same content to all those users should not be impossible for most sites without CF or a CDN. > ME2 feels like a shooter with strong RPG elements and ME1 feels like KOTOR where you get to aim the guns, it is very much an old-school bioware RPG title. Funny, that difference is exactly what I most disliked about ME2. Wine does come with it's own D3DX runtimes, for example [0]. You only need to install the Microsoft ones if the Wine implementation is missing something or has a bug. [0] https://source.winehq.org/git/wine.git/tree/HEAD:/dlls/d3dx9... > but most of AMD's gpu troubles come down to the windows driver being hot garbage. That definitely needs some evidence to back it up. In my experience, most game rendering code is hot garbage that has been hammered just enough to work on the tested platforms (read: mostly nVidia). > They opened the linux driver enough that others can do a lot of the work for them. While there are outside contributions, most work on radeonsi (OpenGL) and the amdgpu kernel driver is done by AMD employees. The AMD Linux driver is better because it has less legacy code, can share more work with other drivers, can benefit from users who are more used to filing detailed bug reports and test development builds, and yes because users and other interested parties (Valve, Red Hat, ...) can contribute fixes for their pet issues - but it is still AMD doing most of the work. For Vulkan on Linux with AMD graphics the most popular driver is entirely community developed. But AMD's Vulkan driver also works from what I hear. How do you know it was a driver bug though and not a game bug that was only affecting that driver? Even if it was "fixed" by a driver bug that doesn't mean the game didn't grossly violate the D3D/OpenGL/whatever API spec and just happened to work everywhere else. > An end user today will expect that behavior The average end user maybe. Not all endusers - for most videos I would rather wait than get a lower quality. KDevelop had this for a long time and I agree it is useful. The problem, like with most moderation tools, is when shadowbans and similar measures are not just used against persistent spammers but as an easy way to shut out people without even trying to get them to improve their behavior. Something can be effective and dishonest at the same time. At that point why not simply compile the markdown ahead of time and have a completely static server? A yes, the good old "other people have been treated worse in the past so it's ok to treat that person badly now" argument. Yet Windows plays the same game of pretending to be an older version to older software. The difference here is that the default behavior is to report the actual version and it is up to the user to enable the compatibility hack for broken software. > An even more stupid idea is to redirect the user to a different domain if you detect that the user agent is mobile, since it usually work one way and thus if you share on a chat the link to the mobile version of the site and the other one opens it on a desktop there is no easy way to get back to the desktop site (most of the times I have to modify the URL!) Absolutetly this - the number of people sharing m. links for Wikipedia when is just annoying. And there is absolutely no excuse for having different HTML for today's smartphones and Desktops. For text sites like Wikipedia you shouldn't even need media queries or any fancy stuff - just avoid fixed (minimum) widths and use to tell broken-by-design mobile browsers that your website is not broken and can be rendered normally instead of in a giant viewport. Have you tried? Except wrapping dumplings is a pain in the ass while sshd comes pre-installed on most VPSs and you can just point a git remote at that. You don't get to large numbers of people disregarding the law before first having a few. Not that complicated even in C++ template auto map(Func && func, Lists &&... lists) -> std::vector ::type::value_type>()...))>; I find it ironic that you complain about applications being stuck in the 90s and then use 127.0.0.1 instead of ::1 or just localhost. > Secondly, it's important to note that in Germany, Deutsche Post DHL delivers 95% of all packages within Germany on the next day. Maybe DHL claims to have attempted a delivery for 95% of packages within a day (even that does not match my experience, average is more like 2+ business days) but that doesn't mean that the package was delivered or that a delivery was attempted. I have had DHL claim to attempt delivery while I was home waiting for the package. No one rang the doorbell that day. No, this hasn't been a single occurence. Yes I have complained. No, this hasn't stopped happening. I have had DHL send back international packages because they supposedly had made one delivery attempt (with no notification left behind) and then given up. I have had DHL lose packages for months, only delivering after complaints and with no explanation of what had gone wrong. Every international package I received had detailed online tracking until the moment it reached Germany where all updates stop until the package is delivered (if it is delivered). DHL stopped making multiple delivery attempts for most packages and instead of stashing the packages at the Postfiliale around the corner they send all undelivered pacakges for the city to one or two places, causing literally hour long queues of people trying to get their stuff (not to mention the wasted time getting there in the first place). I have had DHL claim a package was dropped of at a Postfiliale only to have the people there not find any records of the package even days later. And worse, they didn't launch an internal investigation but just directed me to the public DHL service hotline which is good for only one thing and that is wasting your time. DHL / Deutsche Post is complete garbage and badly needs oversight that actually holds them accountable. Deutsche Post / DHL service quality has absolutely declined as a result of this and keeps getting worse so I don't know what argument you are trying to make. Almost like a fixed 2 hour limit doesn't make sense. Steam already tracks achievements and average time played for all players. They are in a very good position to provide refunds after 2 hours playtime while minimizing the risk from refund fraud. > Now my mailserver is running a database (Redis) which is required to run rspamd, which is required to implement DKIM, without which I cannot send mail to yahoo.com addresses. True story. I have DKIM set up just fine without running Redis or rspamd so this part is purely down to your choices. > Speaking of letsencrypt Let's Encrypt is a website/service. There are many clients and you can write your own. At some point Let's encrypt will need to verify that you control the domain so you will need to be able to either host something via HTTP or have sufficient dynamic control over the DNS server. Neither DNS nor HTTP needs to be hosted on the same host as your mail server though. > you're going to run a spam daemon anyway I don't. Most VCS are a tree, which implies a partial ordering, not necessarily a total one. Unless you meant to order by the commit date, in which case you could just include that in the version. What's stopping a nation for voting itself more than 0 UBI now? You "reduce" UBI by increasing income taxes - that way the reduction only affects thos who can afford it. Congratulations, you just learned how to install Gentoo. > But beyond that, what actually gets taken away is the right itself. Copyright gives authors the exclusive authority, for a limited time, to publish and reproduce their creative works. That is a right authors have been granted only in order to encourage the creation of more works so any violation of that "right" should be judged on how it impacts that goal. It also is not really a right given to authors but rather rights taken away from everyone else. > So when we talk about damages from copyright infringement, it's important to recognize that apart from whatever effect that infringement has on sales, the copyright itself is being stolen from the author, and that right has value. The author is only allowed to violate everyone elses right to freely share information in order to encourage the creation of more works. Has the NEL in any way reduced the creation of new works? If you are saying that copyright is entirely obsolete now that authors can cheaply distribute their own contents via the internat without having to rely on publishers who might not pay them, then I agree. I write and maintain a lot of open source software for free. > and the number of people they reached was also relatively low. And that is because lack of copyright? Qt is more and more trying to get away with restricting the open source version as much as they can without triggering KDE's escape rights. It doesn't help that patreon's js-riddled atrocity of a website doesn't exactly make it fun to access that content. Sure, you can tell people who are being harrassed and bullied to just suck it up and turn the other cheek lest they want to be condemned for punching back. Some people might even be able to do that without permanent harm. That doesn't make the mob OK. It doesn't mean that living with the prospect of having to endure that won't have a chilling effect. Pretty hard to compete with being able to force everyone into being your customer. I agree that publich broadcasting in Germany is very much biased. Saying that they are better than tabloids (which other commenters here are) is hardly a high bar. Besides wasting money on useless entertainment, German public broadcasters also prey on the vulnerable by promoting gambling. They even just prime time just before the evening news for this. But worse than the content is the funding method. Instead of being funded from taxes the public broadcasters collect a separate non-means-tested fee that is still somehow mandatory. That might have made some sense when you could opt out of that fee by not owning a TV but that option is no longer available. > My DLLs I ship w/ my Qt program are just 20MB (so I'd suspect a similar size increase to a single binary were I to statically link) I have an (admittedly simple) application using QtWidgets that is under 10 MiB statically linked. Choosing the right data structures and algorithms is not premature optimization. IME latency is much more a problem with shitty (ie most) SPAs that only start loading the data after the scripts are loaded. F) dynamically generating layout on the client when it could just be generated once on the server and cached for 99.999% of all websites The flaw in that logic is assuming that the total amount of work being done is the same for both client-side and server-side rendering. > Performance doesn’t only boil down to the first page load. For 99% of websites I open it really does boil down to just that. > without pulling in libraries I don't see having these things as separate libraries to be a weakness - this way they can evolve independently from the language and can be much more specialized. Both of these should ideally not be in the home directory at all but under XDG_CONFIG_HOME. > is square meterage a word Square meters or (in cases like this where the unit is irrelevant) just "area". struct Bark * p_dog = p_cat; -Werror is a bad idea for open source projects or anything that will be compiled by people who do not know how to fix things when their shiny new compiler added a fancy warning. -Werror=... for specific warnings might be OK in some cases. > from the inside. [...] Taiwan always wanted independence. Taiwan is independent. > common-use format Pretty much nothing outside the apple ecosystem supports .icns This would break the favicon for direct image links, PDFs and automatic directory listings. I very much agree that many people use rules like these as excuses to write shitty code. From the post you linked though: > Not reserving space in a vector when the size is known std::vector::reserve() is actually not something you should always use when you are adding a number of elements as it will (typically) grow the vector to exactly what you ask. If your function then gets called in a loop to append to the same vector multiple times you end up with quadradtic run time that is normally avoided by the geometric growth done when you just append without reserving. Yes, but scheduled times can look like timestamps. It might be tempting to store a date+time+location as just a UTC timestamps but timezones can and do change so the UTC timestamps for that scheduled time is not fixed. Even storing offset or timezone might not be enough if what you really want is some future date and time at a particular location. Timezones do change, including the regions they cover. Still, for things that have already happended, storing them as a UTC timestmp is almost always the correct thing to do. > But if you know you have more memory than you need, further reducing allocation is arguably a waste of your time. This is absolutely not true. Just because you have enough memory does not mean that wasted memory couldn't be better used - e.g. for disk cache or to run more tasks. You can never profile with all data your users are going to feed the program. > Even then, std::vector has set-like operations through binary_search or std::make_heap in C++, so it really isn't that hard using a sorted (or make_heap'd) std::vector in practice. Except std::vector does not enforce the sorted or heap constraints when adding or removing elements so eventually someone working on your code will break them. > and license it as Open Source because of social pressure within the development community I hope you are not implying that that is the main or even only reason to release free software. > Anyone who [...] IME people get shouted down for suggesting to "fix" free software by removing freedoms. And of course it mentions a specific brand of dish soap to use and has an ad for a bottle to hold it. Makes me question if the whole thing isn't made up just to sell those things. Those are all examples of companies creating their own store so they can sell their products directly wihout paying someone else. This would be equivalent to Epic requiring to you to use their store to play Fortnite. I think that is shitty behavior but as you said, has become standard. What Epic is doing, and the main reason they are being critisized, is approaching smaller developers and bribing them to not sell on other stores even if, in many cases, they had already promised their customers to sell on their stores. That is a wholly different level of scumbaggery. Dual GPU is a much smaller niche than "high end desktops". Nah, they could have maintined Upstart integration like they did before. The number of packages that need init system integration is tiny compared to the whole of Debian. > There's always a price for someone to bend their ethics. That doesn't make it any more OK for you (ie, any specific developer) to bend your ethics. Also, increasing the cost for unethical practices will at least discourage some corporations from engaging in them. You may or may not need to set GTK_IM_MODULE=xim to get GTK applications to use ~/.XCompose. Also, Qt5 broke support for multi-character results when using compose sequences (everything after the first character is ignored). Having punctuation keys as dead keys is too annoying so I use my own keyboard that has dead keys only when used with AltGr as well as some direct AltGr umlauts (ie AltGr+a=ä). Add on top of that correct gamma and color space handling... This has less to do with wildcards and more with passing arbitrary filenames to commands without making sure they are not interpreted as options. That these filenames come from the expansion of * is irrelevant - they could just as well be read from a file. This "vulnerability" doesn't even need to involve a shell at all - any exec*() with the same arguments will have the same result. Most commands provide a "--" flag to indicate that all further arguments are not to be interpreted as anything other than filenames/whatever non-option arguments the command consumes. > which I actually find a bit annoying for deploying applications to users Linux ELF binaries can have a library search path embedded using the -rpath linker option. Inside that search path, '$ORIGIN' refers to the binary location so you can have the Windows behavior if you want to. Also posted 3 days ago [0]. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24220503 How is what these virus companies are doing not defamation? Are there any legal options you have when this happens to you? And VirusTotal bears a large responsibility for this too - not only do they not make it easy to find contacts for the various anti virus engines as you have pointed out (while disavowing themselves of any responsibility), they will highlight a "Generic" AI bullshit detection from some random company in the same way as verified malware. Any reason you can't use external PAR2 files? [0] [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parchive By that logic you should be able to sue people for lost sales because they were not interested in your product at all. Most people would just assume there was some random error and try again. > Setting aside the obvious risk that one of the services could claim to be one of the others Not much additional risk there when both site's TLS connections are already handled by the same process. I'd be okay buying a new OLED monitor every year if they were available in the format I want (large ultrawide) and with low latency scalers, high refresh reates and without privacy destroying "smart" features plaguing TVs. Anything to get out of the crappy tradeoffs there are with backlit displays. nginx sends it by default for static files (example: hacker news [0]), I assume other web servers do too. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/y18.gif Nitpick: gcc and g++ are not different frontends but different compiler drivers. They can both invoke the C and C++ frontends (cc1 and cc1plus) and select them based on the file extension unless specified using the -x option. The difference between gcc and g++ is mainly in which libraries are linked by default. Yes, the declarations are equivalent. The difference is the function prototype `void newprint(char *, int);` at the start, which is missing in the second example. With the forward declaration, the compiler knows what arguments newprint takes and errors out if you pass something else. C is compiled top to bottom so in the older version of the example the compiler has no way of knowing what number of arguments the function takes at the point whree it is called. In (not so) old versions of C that implicitly declared a function taking whatever you passed it. > Even you seem to be confused by the compiler proper (cc1 or cc1plus) and the front end (the part of each compiler that parses the code and builds an internal representation that then gets passed on to the middle end for optimization and the back end for register allocation and instruction generation). Sure, the cc1 and cc1plus binaries come with a middle and backend linked in, but what differentiates them is the front end. Not so much for gcc and g++ where both `gcc file.cpp` and `g++ file.cpp` will invoke cc1plus. Not to mention that with LTO cc1 and cc1plus do almost exclusively front end work while everything else happens in lto1 (for both C and C++). > Using rdi, rsi, rdx, rcx, r8, r9 and then the stack is the calling convention used on x64 linux It's more complicated than that - floats/doubles and structs of them are put in SSE registers instead. Mixed structs are packed into integer registers (!) if they are small enough. And with C++ classes with non-trivial destructor/etc. are always passed on the stack. Only 16 bytes are passed in registers except for float types: > If the size of the aggregate exceeds two eightbytes and the first eight-byte isn’t SSE or any other eightbyte isn’t SSEUP, the whole argumentis passed in memory. What it "says" is whatever the person that wrote it intended to convey. In their comparisons they explain that the existing Hot Cold Split creates new functions for the cold parts which brings overheads due to calling conventions and exception handling. Their new method avoids that by using simple jumps. I wish compilers were able to optimize functions boundaries for visible but not inlined better so they could optimize those function call overheads away automatically. There is no reason for a compiler to limit itself to the system ABI for completely internal functions. Besides leaving values in the registers they are already in instead of moving them to where the ABI says they should be, this could enable passing C++ objects such as std::unique_ptr in registers where the current ABI forbids this. Or to eliminate nop destructors for objects that are always moved from in the called functions. In general, I think compilers should see function boundaries in the source code as a mere hint when it comes to code generation just like they already do with the register keyword. Is there any existing compiler work to optimize function calls where the implementation and all uses are visible in the translation unit? There is a distinction even, even if you don't like OP's terminology used to differentiate the two things: - With traditional PGO (ie -fprofile-generate, then -fprofile-use) you first generate a separate instrumented binary that records profile information. You wouldn't generally want to use this binary in production because of the overhead this profile generation incurs. - With sample driven PGO (ie -fprofile-sample-use) you use external tools to sample profile information from an uninstrumented binary - the same binary you'd use in production. > especially on a 64-bit architecture Pointer size has little impact on code size. amd64 code can even be smaller than x86 in some cases. > So of course this could only apply to functions that are static or internal in some way. Or with LTO / -fwhole-program: functions that have hidden visibility. Which is all of them for Windows executables and the default for DLLs (and -fvisibility=hidden is a sane default for other systems too). > Once you have that down, you have to deal with the fact that the things you would want to optimize may differ at each call site (one may like to keep rdx free, one may be able to give up rdi) so I am unsure it would be worth the effort to not follow the ABI. Sure, that makes things harder. But in many cases will only be one call site. In others you can still figure out which optimizations you can apply to all of them - for example passing std::unique_ptr and similar objects by register should always be doable as long as you control all call sites. Further, the compiler has the option to clone functions in order to apply optimizations specific to a group of call sites if it decides that an optimization is worth the increased code size. And some optimizations will be purely on the caller side - for example not spilling caller-saved registers if you know they won't be clobbered by the callee. Isn't that strategy self defeating though? If the domains cost so much who is going to buy them just for a hate site? You already have that problem - there is only one .com and most companies will want to hog all others too. The name makes it seem more like you are attempting a hostile takeover of the project branding. Definitely not a great way to go about this. > It also isn't a requirement that C++ use mangled names. Overloading requires the type information to be part of the symbol "name" (ie, whatever is used for symbol lookup and linking) wether that is a mangled string or more complex data structure. I'm curious what you'd want the automatica bounds checking to do? Just terminating the program won't be much better than OOB memory access in many cases. Continuing but discarding OOB writes/use a dummy for OOB reads could lead to much worse behavior. An exception (or setting errno since this is C) would need that exception to be handled somewhere in a sensible way in which case you could just as easily add manual bounds checking. > If you want to count them as package managers, they're by far the worst ones of all the well known languages (with some notable exceptions e.g. guix's and nixos's). The have the only feature I care about: cross-language dependency management. Unless you are suggesting to reimplement everything in each language and then make users install ten different XML parser, SSL implementations, etc. just because not-implemented-in-my-favorite-language syndrome. You can do that in C++ by wrapping he type in a new class although it requires some boilerplate depending on which operators you want to support. [0] You don't have to use all features of C++ - if you prefer a more C like style you can have that. [0] https://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_48_0/boost/strong_typedef.h... The Index works just fine under Linux. > The open source community is more responsible for Linux gaming than Valve. Valve has supported Linux in the (hilariously) limited number of titles they've released in the last decade, and has added some support to the open source community. They are not the driver behind Linux gaming. Valve are not the only ones doing anything for Linux gaming, but they are a pretty fucking big contributor: - Releaseing Steam for Linux, which has encouraged many games to be ported. Yes, the Steam Consoles are cancelled (or on hold), but even the promise of a new market (and the convenience of not having to have a separate distribution channel for the Linux version of your game) has changed the Linux gaming landscape from a handful of titles to more games than anyone can play (depending on your tastes ofc). - Employing/contracting people working on different parts of the Linux graphics stack (SDL,radv,dxvk,more). - Developing Proton. I mostly play native games, but Proton has been huge for many. Yes, it's based on Wine (that is a good thing, NIH syndrome is way too common is bad) but Valve have improved the parts needed to get a good gaming experience and packaged it up in a nice way that is dead simple to use for anyone. Just click a button to play your Windows games. - Lots of other small things. For example Valve's Plagman has been working on https://github.com/Plagman/gamescope which is godsent for thos of us with ultrawide monitors or other uncommon resolutions and aspect ratios that gamedevs like to pretend don't exist. And best of all, most of those improvements have been open source and available even to those who don't want to use Steam. That's surprisingly open for what is esentially a DRM company. So saying "The open source community is more responsible for Linux gaming than Valve" doesn't even make sense when Valve are part of that opensource community. Yes From a historical preservation viewpoint I find this trend extremely disturbing. Along with online requirements this makes it more and more impossible to experience older games the way they used to be. Even for completely single player games, online content distribution platforms tend to only give you the latest version (except for a few games where the developers specifically set up legacy branches), often even refusing to launch an already installed game until available updates are downloaded. If updates were only bugfixes that would not be a problem, but it is not unheard of for post-launch changes to significantly change the core mechanics of games. This is a significant step down from the old phsical media distribution model where any changes from the initial master were optional. > Hmm, MS buying Obsidian was sad news, mainly because their titles became inaccessible on Mac/Linux. Don't forget inXile. Still waiting on that Linux version of Wasteland 3. Cookies are just a mechanism - tracking information about you without cookies (e.g. by associating it with your IP address and/or other identifying bits) needs just as much consent. A purely technical solution cannot work. Browsers could still provide a consent API but without strict enforcement it would be pointless - and with proper enforcement you don't need it. Now someone make a browser extension to automatically send such an email to every site you visit. > nitpick: often mistaken for globbing What exactly would you call globbing if not the feature that is controlled using the nullglob, failglob, nocaseglob and dotglob options as well as the GLOBIGNORE variable. > The fullscreen expandable thing for images is pretty good Strongly disagree: Links shared by people with JS enabled now silently show the page instead of the image that was intended to be shared if the recipient has JS disabled. Will the new menu require JS to access? > Secondly, there's discussion about serving everything from a single domain at https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/T214998 , which I guess would enable the normal mobile browser feature of switching between desktop and mobile. Except there should not be two versions at all and instead they should just make the desktop version responsive and strip out the bloat - I don't want an article to on desktop to load six different javascript files and have a giant banner at the top any more than on mobile. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test is 27 different requests for me - that is inexcusable for mostly text content. > My game is built on top of literally millions of man hours of development. This game would basically never have happened without a ton of proprietary software. Sure, starting from scratch will only be realistic for few projects but there is also millions of man hours worth of non-proprietary software that you can build on. If that would have been possible for you is impossible to say without knowing the specifics, but you should not jump to the conclusion that it is impossible for everyone. VR specifically is a field where this may be more difficult than elsewhere because it's new and niche so good open source solutions have not yet settled. The dogs in Penumbra: Overture can be killed with just the pickaxe - it's a bit akward due to the controls but not too hard. Not sure about the spiders, but they are only a small part. The giant worm is unkillable afaik but it's only there for one chase sequence. Definitely takes the edge off the horror aspect when you figure that out. But then again, I like both the Penumbra series, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs and SOMA more as exploration/puzzle games with a scary atmosphere than for the actual horror aspect. I can definitely agree to disagree on which game mechanics are better but calling the SOMA story the weakest among the Frictional games just confuses me. If anything I found the magic ancient alien plot of Amnesia to be super meh. Guess you're not much of a Sci-Fi fan? > most people regard A Machine for Pigs to be less good than it's predecessor I think that's mostly a problem of expectations. TDD focuses on being a horror game while A Machine for Pigs is much closer to a horror-themed walking simulator. If you expect Amnesia II out of A Machine for Pigs then I can see how you would be disappointed but that doesn't make the game worse it just means using the Amnesia name might have been a bad choice since the games are in different subgenres and thus target somewhat different audiences. Frictional's first game, Penumbra: Overture also fits in my opinion (although not if you already consider Amnesia to be too dated). I also think that Amnesia: TDD was Frictional's weakest game (not bad but just not as good as the others), in particular due to the more mystical "ancient alien" plot. Personally I prefer A Machine for Pigs over TDD for that reason too but I was always under the impression that it was mostly The Chinese Room's creation and that Frictional's involvement was limited to the more technical and publishing aspects. > Anyway usually anything below 10ms is random. I don't think you realize how much time 10ms is for a computer. Games need to render an entire frame in under 7 ms to hit my monitor's max refresh rate. > In particular near the ending of SOMA where the thing happens to Simon and he freaks out, despite the same thing happening shortly beforehand and freaking him out, was the most annoying bit that really sealed my distaste. I agree that that was a weak point but not because it's unrealistic for Simon to be surprised - that continuity of Simon did after all jump along with every copy so he did not really experience the same thing before. Being so focused on getting on the Ark I find it quite believable that Simon would not think too much about that he would also be staying on the sea floor. Forcing that reaction onto the player was a mistake though. I think it would have been better use of the medium if Frictional had not added the Ark ending and instead left the player stranded under the ocean with nothing to do and leaving you to come up with your own reaction. For me that ending didn't take away from the rest of the game though. > the horror aspect is better As weird as it is to say about Frictional's games, the actual horror aspect is the least interesting part to me. I guess that also explains why I'm a bit biased against TDD. I do agree that the Penumbra games have great characters though - Red is one of my all time favorite video game characters. Sure, closed platforms suck - making you give up your freedoms to use them is kind of a given. But you can limit that to those closed platforms. With your Godot example you might not be able to distribute all your source for the PS4 version but you should still be in full control of the PC version. > It allows even lesser skilled folks to build a site It does not take more skill to build a site without JS, only more restraint > If browsers performed like in 2010[1],we wouldnt have a lot of apps online. I am not talking about unicorn SaaS apps. I am talking about the local county or state government making things available online. The small business putting an app together beyond a basic website. Less "apps" and more "basic" websites is exactly what should be encouraged. Before suing you could try the abuse contact for the sending email server and then escalate to the abuse contact for the adress space of that server if needed. In my experience that gets you of spam lists from any "legitimate" business. You could start with realizing that the problem is not the speech part. > comparing function pointers is not deterministic The comparison is deterministic - the perhaps unexpected part is that two distinct but identical functions in the source code are folded into one in the binary. Less people finding your project could be an improvement if the people you loose are the onse that just create the kind of spam contributions mentioned in the article. You don't need GitHib for useful software to become popular, it is just one channel. And you definitely don't need the gamified bullshit like total stars on your profile. > where you get nothing for a PR You already got payment up front: software that the author(s) have made available to you for free. You get payment by the author spending time to review your changes. You also get payment afterward: free maintenance for your pet feature. (Not guaranteed of course but generally the case.) - This PR would need another PR to fix white spaces and punctuality. + This PR would need another PR to fix white spaces and punctuation. Do I get my free T-shirt now? I wish they had just added the overloads to the std:: namespace though - breaking a few obscure cases would have been worth that. Their refund policy is only generous in US terms - they were sued into implementing it by the Australian consumer protection agency. Valve did exactly that in Steam for Linux at some point. [0] [0] https://github.com/valvesoftware/steam-for-linux/issues/3671 Ironically, ECC is great to have for manual overclocking as you will know when you pushed your system too far - even if most things work fine and problems only happen with some demanding workloads. Without ECC you'd likely falsely assume that the software / OS / drivers are buggy since everything else works. I can confirm that Threadripper does check for errors with ECC ram. (MSI motherboard in my case but it should work with all of them) Unless you’re willing to pay for it you can’t have an encyclopedia that isn’t a real estate for ads or at least some sort of commercial interest. Unless you’re willing to pay for it you can’t have an operating sytem that isn’t a real estate for ads or at least some sort of commercial interest. Or maybe you can. Not even Excel uses that syntax when exporting to CSV (at least by default). Interpreting an empty cell as 0 is making an (often correct) assumption about what the user wanted. Throwing away data without warning is almost certainly never what the user wanted. > Does your circle call it "S Q L" or "sequel"? squeal, obviously. > Unlike normal programming languages, fragment shaders always execute both parts of each branch due to gpu limitations. GPUs do have real branching and even loops these days, you just can't have divergent branching within a shader group. I'm not sure how efficient it is to splatter individual pixels like in the mask used in the article since adjacent pixels will likely need to be evaluated anyway if the shader uses derivatives. Too bad that the author didn't bother to include any performance numbers. There is some irony in this being a reddit link. Piracy can also benefit companies by working as free advertisement for their current and future products. I also don't think the discussion should stop at what effect it has on the economy but also include the effect of piracy on culture and preservation thereof. Excessive copyright and copyright enforcement can easily do more harm to society than the people disregarding such laws. Should companies ask for permissions before they employ someone to send pull requests to public repos? I think the problem was not as much incentivizing pull requests but incentivizing low effort pull requests and outright spam. > I have not found a way to search for repos with a repo-tag yet. https://github.com/topics/hacktoberfest That wouldn't work here (well it wouldn't without the return) as that would mean the break would apply to the loop and not the switch statement. In genereal, I think hiding control flow in macros is a bad idea. nginx can do fcgi natively too, fcgiwrap is a fcgi application that forwards requests to cgi scripts. Higher than Windows' standard timer resolution, which is abysmal. What is the "hell" here? Just the fact that extensions exist? From where I'm standing the only real problem with extensions in OpenGL is that they are all enabled by default so it's easy to accidentally rely on one that happens to be supported by the hardware/driver you are testing on. This is not the case with Vulkan where you explicitly need to ask for the extensions you want. A common trend I see is that game developers tend to target one platform after another instead of developing cross-platform from the start. This lowers the initial cost, but increases the additional cost for each platform as less of the previous implementation can be reused. This leads to thinks like the discarding Vulkan because it's somewhat harder than Metal for the macOS port and then having to still do the Vulkan work for Linux which may cost too much for the expected Linux sales even thoug the the difference between Metal and Vulkan might have easily been covered by the Linux income. Vulkan does have versions too that provide bundled feature upgrades - no one is forcing you to use evey extension just because they are available. The same is/was true for OpenGL except for the large time window between 2.1 and 3.0 - you can write perfectly functual code without using any vendor extensions. Think of extensions more as a) a testing ground for bleeding edge features and b) a way to expose functionality that is truly specific to some hardware. So now you want to blame Vulkan for mobile hardware variety and lack of Android updates? You can still use the lowest common denominator that is supported for all your targets. If you want to have code paths to enable more features on some devices then do that. Complaining that Vulkan gives you the freedom to choose where to make the cutoff for feature levels is pointless. Now that is a bleeding generalization. As long as Feral is in the Linux market we know that Linux ports can be profitable. There have also been developers that have provided sales numbers for their Linux ports and for many of them porting has been a success. Maybe that won't be the case for all games, but low market share does not tell you much. Remember that the platform-specific cost - even with rewriting the renderer - of a game will in most cases be dwarfed by design, voice acting, localisation, marketing, etc which all are already covered by the existing target platforms. Your assertion is also not well defined since "worthwile" could mean profitable (which will be the case for third-party porting companies) or more profitable than other development efforts. This year for me. receiving raw keyboard events should require special permissisions then like audio and video. URLs can't contain spaces The EBNF in appendix A does not allow any spaces. Specifically, there is also this section in RFC 3986. > 2.4.3. Excluded US-ASCII Characters > Although they are disallowed within the URI syntax, we include here a description of those US-ASCII characters that have been excluded and the reasons for their exclusion. [...] > space = You can certainly encode spaces in URLs but the URL will not contain spaces. The regular expression in appendix B is irrelevant because it assumes a well-formed URL so spaces do not need to be explicitly excluded. And at the protocol level you certainly can't use spaces in URLs (in HTTP 1.1) because the request line uses spaces to delimit the URL or path. Where has the user agreed to display ads? > Websites have to make money somehow. I have a website. It doesn't make money, yet it continues to exist. Weird, I know. Does Hacker News make money? > That said, I haven't seen many app-specific hacks in the open source drivers, even in the user-space code. They are enabled via driconf [0]. Not nearly as many as what I imagine you'd find in the proprietary Windows drivers though. [0] https://github.com/mesa3d/mesa/blob/master/src/util/00-mesa-... > Mesa does implement a lot of stuff but they do not take much advantage of what the higher level parts of the API allow to optimize rendering. There is always more that could be optimized, especially when it comes to niche use cases, but generally Mesa/radeonsi do a decent job of making things fast. > yes, "display lists are deprecated", but this is irrelevant, the API is there, available and works and works great on Nvidia and still very good on AMD Windows driver and a lot of applications use it By "lot of applications" you mean some workstation applications that refuse to upgrade their code. You can still use AMD's closed source driver on Linux if you need optimizations for those. If you don't (and most people won't) then Mesa works extremely well. > Khronos splitting the API to core/compatibility was a mistake that made everything more complicated than necessary when what they should have done if they wanted a clean API would be to make something new like they eventually did with Vulkan and avoid messing up OpenGL You could argue for drivers not providing newer features in the compatibility profile (and Mesa did that until recently) but as long as there are customers demanding support for newer features while refusing to move off the older APIs, this is what you will get. I don't think having OpenGL Core and OpenGL Compat sharing some of the API hurt anything here. And their contrast is still shit. > IPS stuff is getting better though Not when it comes to contrast. There has been pretty much no improvement on IPS black levels over the past years. > So Microsoft should just throw away decades of work on DX DX12 is mostly a clean slate, just like Vulkan. > Show me examples of Microsoft using coercive practices to make game developers use DX. Xbox Windows Store Both prevent you from using open graphics APIs. > which has been a net win for gamers Has it? What do you know about the alternate universe in which Windows and Xbox did not have a proprietary grpahics API. This is definitely the case when you are only interested in a specific part of the content. There is no Ctrl+F for video. If nag me with providing personal information afterwards I will stop using your app/website. Not being upfront about the kind of information you require comes off as extremely scummy. > Jesus, no one cares what your "policy" is. I care. > No, I just block cookies from ALL sites except the few that I need to log into. GDPR is mostly irrelevant to me for that reason. GDPR is about all tracking - cookies are just one implementation. Is it really necessary to make users scroll ten ticks before they get to see the article text? There is no such thing as converting to lowercase in a Unicode-safe way. Or rather, there are many ways. > Plus, the fact that it seems Google simply started considering nofollow as a kind of hint, not a decision, did not help the spam situation either. When nofollow is used for all user generated content they kind of have to take it as no more than a suggestion. Just ignoring UGC when it comes to ranking would throw away too much of the web. AMD added SSSE3 with the FX processors, Phenom didn't have it. Not unreasonable to still expect there to be users without SSSE3 - e.g. across all Steam users over 1% don't have SSSE3. [0]. [0] https://store.steampowered.com/hwsurvey/ > impossible > inevitable Well now that that's settled... > Building my own PC recently after a decade on Linux/macOS What were you using Linux/macOS on if not a PC? Yet chrome doesn't let others on the HSTS preload list if you don't force all users onto HTTPS. > There are only about 400 million native English speakers [0], and Gmail has 1.5 billion users [1]. Don't assume that only native English speakers (want to) use things in English. You should probably learn English regardless of what GMail does. Do not underestimate the value of speaking a common language. There is absolutely too much localisation? Number formatting in C and many languages following the system locale by default? Better remember to disable that for config files or anything shared between computers. Localised error messages (especially compiler errors)? Have fun searching for a solution. Websites (hey Google) assuming that you want things to be in some language based on your location. Command-line utilities printing using localised date formats which are then parsed elsewhere... > Yes and we in Europe use DD-MM-YYYY not MM-DD-YYYY. While you should be using YYYY-MM-DD. Please at least use a different separator if you don't. The advanced search filters are a programming language. > Also, "in:" in a misnomer as emails aren't "in" a mailbox, GMail uses tags / labels. So technically you can label an email as both sent and inbox (include yourself in the recipient list). in is fine, just interpret tags as sets of emails. Yes, but localization is not just a matter of finding matching words. In this example, "in dem" (in the) already has a very common abbreviation/colloquialism - "im" - so is a much more natural to use that. aka mpv https://youtube.com/video-url I used Anki for maths with complex cards full of proof outlines and it worked just fine. Nah, it's not Linux geeks pushing this but Red Hat, Canonical, etc. - each trying to grab as much control over the stack as they can. Ah yes, such classic X11 issues as Google Sign in not working [0]. Everyone knows that only Wayland is webscale enough for Google. [0] https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/xorg/xserver/-/issues/1092 > As a footnote, ALSA was just about the last time this happened right, with it replacing OSS while maintaining compatibility. Nah, even ALSA was a needless overcomplicated mess. They should have just built on top of the super simple /dev/dsp. Instead we got new incompatible APIs wile OSS apps were left with requiring exclusive access to your sound card. > Arch Linux [1], Void Linux [2], Alpine Linux [3] Gentoo is feeling left out. It's the OG distro for those who have strong opinions on how their system sould work but not strong enough to do eveything by hand. > Unless you want to ship something I have never had problems distributing binary builds for Linux. There are a number of system libraries that are backwards compatible: glibc, asound, libGL, etc. - test on the oldest you want to support and any other libs you just ship yourself. And that would not be different with only one distro either unless you only care about one release of that distro. > Sure, but that's not how hobbies work. We aren't talking about hobby work here. > That isnt just a security hole in X, it's a total lack of security. That "security" is useless on a Desktop where you run all programs as the same user. If you want a platform to run locked down "apps" that's fine, just don't expect others to be happy with the cost of that "security" when it provides no benefit for them. The real problem of this "security" nonsense isn't even existing use cases like screenshot or xdotool but rather the cost it imposes on any future power tool that someone might think of but can't implement witout getting every compositor on board. There is no reason you can't sandbox X11 clients - no need to break the protocol for that. > Some apps like AnyDesk just haven't invested in support for Wayland That they have to invest work for simple functionality to work is the problem. Until Xwayland can support this, Wayland is broken by design. I don't have tearing on X. Yeah no, requiring users to switch applications makes your display server DOA. If you need to make the alternatives worse in order for people to switch then Wayland has failed. X11 doesn't have tearing for me. Same as with ALSA - I either stop using those apps, patch ALSA/X11 support back in or use wrappers to do the translation for me. > works just like in X So it respects ~/.XCompose? > I don't see how it's sustainable to have to build everything for GBM and EGLStreams. > I would also not expect to be able to port the OSX Clipboard manager to Windows or the "Displays" utility. I would also not expect people to suggest deprecation OS X in favor of Windows and then shit on people what want to keep using their OS X Clipboard manager. This is the real problem with all this forcing to move people to Wayland / Pulse / SystemD crap: They are new platforms instead of compatible improvements to the existing platform, but somehow you still expect everyone to just jump ship. There is no technical reason why it needs to be in the window system (well in X the clipboard goes away if you if the client that set it exits, but that is unwanted anyway) but from a user perspective it is very close to keyboard input so it makes sense to have it be handled by the same system. And? Either you tell the user to remove Frank from the address book or if that is not possible (ie, autocompletes use addresses from all emails and there is no way to exclude addresses) and then you have an actual bug report. > People asking less specific questions (such as asking for "more photos") are often just bored and have nothing better to do and will either disappear or ask more questions. Or maybe the photo is the easiest way to confirm if you have the version that the customer is looking for. I know because I have done that. And yes, if you don't have the right version it might look like I never intended to buy. Really though, if you don't already have detailed pictures posted that show the state of the product from all sides then that's something I'd consider a problem with your used games business. Huh I never notice that one but then I always use middle click to open results in a new tab if there is a chance that I want to look at more than one. > I have much bigger issues than commit hash duplicates if someone malicious is able to commit to my repo On github, all forks of a repo shared the commit objects. There was a new version released yesterday. [0] [0] http://youtube-dl.org/ > When you're using AMD [...] proprietary drivers, which are way faster Haha, no. You have the option to pursue legal action without the DMCA. The problem with the DMCA is that it lets would-be rights holders take down content without any due process - without any other party even reviewing their claim. Going to add to the other comments that the "1" is not a bill in many currencies. For example the smallest Euro bill is 5€. Other currencies do not have a fractional part at all and use just one integer. You can have good cache control with HTTP headers, no need to run scripts on the client for that. > 5, 10, 15 years and many become unusable Wile writable CDs will decay relatively quickly, professionally mastered CD-ROMS will typically last longer. On the other hand, a scratch in the wrong place can render a CD useless while a book with a torn out page will still be usable. > I think freesync too. Freesync works with released X.org, at least for amdgpu. Also, all major search engines will still filter lewd content even with safe search off unless you include trigger terms that makes it certain you are searching for that kind of content. Yes. > DRM is a part of life now. So is piracy^Wcopyright infringement. > Without it, you would not be able to enjoy the rich variety of content available on today's internet. Why not? It definitely does come with backends for various APIs: https://github.com/ocornut/imgui/tree/master/backends They weren't "trapped" but just implemented using complex/looping microcode whereas now they have dedicated hardware. The purpose of that hardware is to accelerate those operations. I think one problem this year specifically is that the releases have gotten a lot closer to the end of the year where lots of people want to upgrade/buy gifts before the holidays. Add some supply issues due to COVID and this is what you get. > we all know we can't develop this stuff without CI Of course we can, we just down't want to. > instead of anti-piracy techniques Or you could simply focus on the legit PC market instead of worrying about people who will likely never be your customers. So fuck anyone not using gmail/whatever that wants to contact you? Impossible standard??? Not collecting information users have not explicitly consented to is the fucking baseline. > Firefox is our best browser in this domain Best is irrelevant - it's not good enough. At least those can be blocked by extensions. That is the promise of APIs, but there is no guarantee. At the very least Plagman seems to still be working on Linux stuff inside Valve. There have been lots of other too (may or may not have changed) so it's definitely not just "a passion project by Gabe". Consumers gain nothing from "competition" if they are forced to use both providers due to exclusives. If Epic would actually compete on features then that would be a good thing, but right now they are just dumping money into developers to gain marketshare while not actually improving anything for end users. I don't have a writeup but the main highlights have been 1. Loki Entertainment [0] (1988-2001), a third-party porting company that licensed games and released them for Linux 2. Linux Game Publishing [1] (2001-2009), basically continued what Loki was doing 3. id Software used to release their games for Linux and open source the engines [2] 4. Others (mostly Indies) also had Linux ports, but it was still rare: Frictional (Penumbra series, Amnesia), 2D Boy (World of Goo), ... and Wolfire Games who created: 5. Humble Indie Bundle [3] (2010-) incentivized many popular Indie games to be ported to Linux - initially all Bundles where 100% cross-platform between Windows, Linux and OS X. 6. Steam for Linux [4] (beta 2012, 2013-) - with the lure of Steam Machines many more developers jumped onto Linux ports, including some larger Publishers as well as porting companies: Aspyr, Feral Interactive, Virtual Programming (eON) 7. GOG.com Linux support [5] (2014-) 8. DXVK, Proton (2018-) making it easier to play Windows games There was also Kickstarter where for a while most big ones had Linux support promised in some form. Also Unity adding Linux exports has made it possible for tons of games to be ported (although not without issues). I probably forgot some things, but at least that should be a lot you can read up on. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loki_Entertainment [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_Game_Publishing [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Id_Software#Linux_gaming [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humble_Bundle [4] https://store.steampowered.com/news/9943/ [5] https://www.gog.com/news/gogcom_now_supports_linux But then you need to pay for hardware to run those checks! (Unless of course you let players run their own servers, but then you loose control and might have your old game that refuses to die compete with your newer ones.) Feral Interactive has also contributed to the OSS AMD drivers. Yeah, really sad to see this. When Aspyr released Farenheit and KotOR 2 I was really excited for getting more older games ported but it seems they dropped that. > where an application compiled 2 years ago for the same distro often won't work on the current version Ship non-system libraries with your application instead of assuming they will be in /usr/lib* and that's a solved problem. Valve even does that for you with the Steam runtime. This isn't any different on Windows - if you don't bundle your dependencies (including MSVCRT / .NET / whatever) then you will run into problems. I think the point was that for some games it might be better (perfect even) to not tell the game that it has lost focus since on X11 there is no such thing as exclusive fullscreen anyway. Of course that won't work for everything (game won't auto pause, might continue polling for mouse input, ...). AFAICT Proton already lies to games about the fullscreen resolution and silently upscales the result instead changing the monitor resolution (which I think might be the single most awesome thing Proton adds) so this isn't unprecedented. > Games that try to detect screen resolution themselves very often screw up picking the right resolution when you have multiple screens: but again, the problem is they're trying to do too much. Even with just one monitor, Unity (native) refuses to believe that 3840x1600 is what I want. Why are hardcoded resolution lists still a thing. At least Unity doesn't change the monitor resolution though, just the internal render resolution. > So you're saying you'd want to change desktop resolution each time you want to play a performance heavy game? Yes, for the Window definitely. If you need to drop the render resolution for perf then the game should upscale at the end (and for fucks sake, handle arbitrary aspect ratios correctly!!!). Personally though, I'd rather wait until I have hardware that can run the game at full resolution. You can work on something forever and still have others provide new insights. Feedback is not an attack, even if you have already considered that option (and even then there might be crucial details that could change things). There can sometimes be issues with native games too, altough I agree that the situaton is better (mostly due to not having exclusive fullscreen in the first place). One game I came across was letterboxed on my resolution but would never re-pain the black borders (after initially clearing them). This worked fine until Alt-tabbing out and back in where (with DRI3) the backing memory for the backbuffer would get reallocated and those black borders would now show garbage. IMAP can still be used to synchronize an offline copy, and it makes sense to do so in case your provider fucks you over. Does Promise get to know which sites you sign in to? But railroads were not a monopoly -- there were other modes of transportation. /s > In principle, UTF-16 would have the advantage of constant time addressing of single characters, but in practice most programming languages do not provide data types for this, with the exception of Go and rust. No it wouldn't - UTF-16 is a variable-length encoding of Unicode codepoints just like UTF-8. Not to mention that what most normal people think of as "characters", i.e. grapheme clusters, are variable length even with UTF-32. You can still have thrashing without a swap partition/file: as memory pressure increases, the kernel will flush disk cache and buffers, slowing down operations that need them again. In the extreme case this can mean the program code you are executing being evicted from ram only to be re-read page by page for many times until the kernel finally decides to kill whatever was eating all the ram. Not really. While there are still problems without swap, all swap does is move that problem further away while slowing down some things in the meantime. > lowering wages Except for the leadership. Automatically collected data can be just as misleading as voluntarily reported data. Steam marketshare is slow to change because it includes a lot of people with older PCs. Look at new sales and the picture is very different: https://imgur.com/a/yEKDpd2 > it sounds like a nice tool of last resort It is actually a great first debugging tool for regressions (unless you already have a hunch where the problem is). It's usefulness is greatly enhanced if you keep your commits small. I wonder how viable it would be to just exclude all sites with ads. if(has_ads) { spam = likely; } Specifically, filenames on Windows are not UTF-16 (or UCS-12) but rather WTF-16 - like UTF-16 but with possibly unmatched surragate pairs. WTF-8 provides an 8-bit encoding for such filenames that matches UTF-8 wherever the original was valid UTF-16 while converting the rest in the most straightforward way possible, menaing you need less code to go from WTF-16 to WTF-8 than going from UTF-16 to UTF-8 while rejecting invalid characters. GNU Unifont is a bitmap font with a tiny resolution. Nice to have as a last level fallback, but too ugly for any characters you actually see more than once in a fortnight. If you just want the button on all websites, get firefox to privide that option for you. No need to push that onto websites. Go to about:serviceworkers (for Firefox, other browsers might have it elsewhere) and remove anything related to twitter - or better yet disable service workers entirely. Not saying that this is acceptable, just providing a workaround. Prefetching (or not) should be left up to the browser. > webfont Don't. > In particular, by default stuff is really small on mobile screens, you have to zoom around. That's just because mobile browsers are intentionally broken by default. All you need to get them back to sanity is the following element in your : > I'd get a new PSU from a reputable manufacturer that is rated for more than the maximum combined wattage of your components. And "more" hear really should mean significantly more to have some buffer for peak power draw (which often is more than the rated power) because you are likely not forgetting some components (mainboard, connected USB devices, ...). It will probably also confer at least some reputation. Or maybe not - that would explain why search results are getting worse with pretty much anything posted by lowly users will have rel="nofollow" these days. There are two problems here, one is reddit preventing new comments on old posts, which is not inherehent to tree-style threads. The other is that trees make it harder to keep up with ongoing discussions as you can no logner just continue reading from where the thread was at when you last visited. Reddit actually has an OK solution for that which highlights new comments since your last visit(s) but it is only available to moderators or paid users. Another possible solution would be a better notification system - with forums you can typically watch a thread to get notifications for any posts but with Reddit you only get notfications for direct comments to your post/comment. So I have 8 sticks of ECC RAM in my desktop. I overclock the RAM , and ECC is nice there since it gives more confidence that the overclock is stable. But more importantly, ECC was really useful once one of the sticks started failing. Not only did the ECC errors immediately point the blame at the RAM (no need to triage random crashes or corruption), it made it clear that all errors were coming from only one of the sticks. Figuring out which stick it was involved some guesswork of the physical -> logical -> Linux utilities' layout mapping, but just replacing that one stick fixed things and the system has been stable since. Definitely glad that I went with ECC for this system. > I ran memtest+ for a weekend every 3 months or so on 64GB DDR4 Ryzen system for 2+ years and haven't found anything. Don't assume that that means there are never any errors. DRAM errors often depend on access patterns: While dialing in the speed and timings for my RAM initially settled on a configuration that did not report any errors in memtest but later during heavy usage (e.g. compiling LLVM with make -j64) reported ECC errors. Right, but no major browser supports DANE (at least out of the box). Will that ever change? Where? That would not be legal in many countries and I suggest you try reporting it. I have my email address listed in plain text on my website and with a simple regular expression to to reject the standard pharma/bitcount/etc. spams at the SMTP level based on subject there is at most a couple of spam emails pair day. Hardly takes any time to go through that. > There is also the mangle-use-repair choice. Which is problematic for thread safety and depending on the source of the string (constant) may not be possible. I'm not sure about C but at least in C++ having const on the prototype is meaningless as you can still have the arguments as non-const in the actual definition. Considering that C is usally less strict with these things I'd expect that to be the case there too. UTF-8 has an even stronger guarantee: If a byte sequence at any position in a UTF-8 string matches the byte sequence of a UTF-8 encoding of a Unicode code point then that part of the string represents that code point. This means you cannot just use standard C functions like strchr with UTF-8 strings and ASCII characters but you can alos use e.g. strstr to find UTF-8 substrings in UTF-8 strings. For any definition of a character that is useful to anyone except a text shaping engine, neither will s[i] with UCS-4 (and definitely not with UTF-16). > you just can't get alphabetical sorting out of it Lexicographical sorting over UTF-8 strings is actually the same as lexicographical sorting over the corresponding Unicode code point sequence. It is a chicken-and-egg problem though. DNSSEC requires additional infrastructure, especially for key rotation. Yes, it's not that hard (I set it up for the domains that I control) but it's also not just a record that you can set once and forget. It is beyond unsreasonable for widespread DNSSEC support from domains when browsers have been dragging their feet for years. There needs to be an actual benefit that comes with setting up DNSSEC before most will do it. What is the signature good for if they hand it out without review? Might as well get rid of the requirement. Linux doesn't require you to use dbus/logind though so it seems weird to throw out the kernel (including the HW support you mentioned) just to move to a different userspace. I feel like more laws should be like the GDPR and recognize that consent is only really given when you have the option to not give it without the loss of functionality. Then that software should add the proper dependencies to their makefile. > With Javascript disabled, rather than not being there, they're instead always there, impossible to get rid of. Inspect element -> remove Browsers should really add "remove element" directly to the context menu. > The thing that tolerates the garbage is the decoder. The format says what’s valid and how to read/write it. The format also gives the decoder ways to re-synchronize with the stream. That isn't guaranteed to be possible for arbitrary formats. You don't need to have it installed on the disk, just run it from wherever. It is interesting that the example given for startup times are browsers when that is one of few applications where I don't care that much about startup times because I have the browser always running anyway. > The massive amount of miscommunication makes her feel like she was being oppressed, due to race and or gender. That seams a big jump. Isn't it more likely that the treatment is due to pushing for ethics in an organization whose business model is antithetical to ethics? Better go tell pre-industrial Europe about that. > We knew this to be true because that was the way things were. But now, with the M1 Macs, it’s not. M1 Macs run very fast and do so while remaining very cool and lasting mind-bogglingly long on battery. It was a fundamental trade-off inherent to PC computing, and now we don’t have to make it. What a pile of horseshit. The tradeoff between heat and performance was always within a generation - "fast" is always relative. It's just the baseline that has moved, same as it has with every Intel/AMD generation, not a fundamental change. > In this Google post they explain what the partitioned browser cache is. It got only introduced to prevent a possible cross-site tracking mechanism. Or to improve the ability for Google to track you across websites that embed stuff from their servers. Both can be dick moves. I think part of the reason for the social distancing term is that it implies there need to be less restrictions in a non-social (ie work) context, which is of course BS. There should not be a hard limit on sick days - that's how it works in many countries. If you are sick for too long it might not be your employer that pays, but you should never be cheated out of your vacation for it. Even if you get sick during your vacation, you get those vacation days back here. The LG 38GN950-B [0] gets close. 3840x1600 so not quite your wanted resolution but close - enough to fit most 4K movies if you remove the black bars. Personally I am hoping someone will make an OLED with this format. [0] https://www.lg.com/us/monitors/lg-38gn950-b-gaming-monitor > Don’t bother with man pages. > If your help text is long, pipe it through a pager. > Use formatting in your help text. So reimplement man in a non-standard way? No thanks. Keep --help short and concise and then have a separate man page with all the details. Don't just ignore standards and conventions because not all operating system agree on them. The languages of the the argument parsing libraries listed (Go, Node, Python, Ruby) is also kinda suspect when many such tools are written in C. > Use symbols and emoji where it makes things clearer. Eww. And the example is pretty bad too with a number of meaningless icons. > By default, don’t output information that’s only understandable by the creators of the software. Except people with post the default output if they are having problems and having all useful information here saves having to ask for it. Also, don't underestimate your user's abitlity to understand stuff. > Use a pager (e.g. less) if you are outputting a lot of text. > A good sensible set of options to use for less Stop right there. If you going to automatically use a pager, at least use the preferred one the user has specified in their environment. $PAGER is even mentioned later in the environment variable section. isatty and checking for TERM=dumb are sensible (as well as flags to enable/disable colors). Terminfo however is a meh depencency and since common tools (e.g. git) don't bother either there is no point in anything beyond that. Or just don't use a terminal color scheme where the any foreground color except 30 has bad contrast with color 40 and don't use a default background color that has worse contrast than 40 with all foregreound colors other than 30. Being part of Unicode does not preclude having to install additional fonts. You could have temporary progress information that (by default) gets overwritten when in an interactive terminal. They may not be "sleazy" but they incentivize reviews/referrals/recommendations based on what the affiliate gets rather based on what product is the best. This pollutes the entired internet, making it significantly harder to find what you want as a consumer. On the whole, affiliate programs are a net negative for society and anyone taking part in them show reconsider their ethics. Huh I guess that explains why they chose [ as the second byte in the initiator for color control sequences: ESC [ = ^[ [ HDR600 etc are not just a maximum required brightness but also a minimum required black value. That gives you an actual dynamic range; 10bit is not a range, it's a resolution. > OLED isn't super useful on computer screens where elements stay in a static location for a long time due to burn in. I see this repeated a lot. Do you have any numbers/images on actual burnin in OLED screens. Would be interesting to know how long an OLED screen remains useable when used as a PC monitor. Or to put it another way: Burn in does not seem to be enough of a concern to prevent Samsung/etc from puttin OLED screens into phones. > Also the amount of bright colors used in computer interfaces would cause some significant discomfort. The entire point of Apple's solution here is that UI's max brightness is not the display's true max brightness. > HDR10 is a 10bit color depth. Not resolution. Bit depth is the resolution of the color space. > Also, no, the 400/600 etc is just brightness: HDR10 and HDR 400 are the same, except HDR 400 mentions the level of brightness on the display. [1]. Vesa [0] disagrees with you. Note the Maximum Black Level Luminance restrictions. Minimum brightness + maximum black level = minimum contrast. That's why legacy display technologies with mediocre static contrast (TN, VA, IPS) need backlight hacks to support those specifications. [0] https://displayhdr.org/ The linked wiki page lists both. DXVK is for DirectX 11 and earlier, not for DirectX 12 It works, but still beta quality. Steam still crashes every time I start SteamVR (restarting Steam afterwards works though). There is no official way to play VR videos. Half-Life: Alyx has enough bugs that Valve still does not advertise that it supports Linux on the store page. SteamVR and Half-Life: Alyx have both not been getting many updates on Linux. Maybe I'm wrong and there are fixes coming up but honestly it feels kind of like whoever at Valve got VR running on Linux lost interest. Proton is Wine. Yes, but as I said it still has some bugs and Valve themselves don't advertise it on the Store page. What problems do you have with the old interface? Are they still there with RES [0]? [0] https://redditenhancementsuite.com/ > [...] HN do it way better Downvote is also used as disagree a lot on HN, it's just that with the minimum karma requirement there are fewer users that can downvote than those that can upvote so it's slightly less visible. As a non-simpsonian person I have never felt bothered about emoticons being rendered bright yellow. You mean they just broke the plugin without providing adequate built in support. > These days though... there should be nothing wrong with distributing your content via a USB or microSD card. Or just a file. No need to produce more plastic trash. > The tech generally 'needs' the internet to work. Most of the time, that "need" is entirely artificial - or at least not the only way to design the device. You do realize that Steam is available for Linux. Steam is not open source. Steam has many flaws. Yet Steam is really popular amongst many Linux users. Don't spread FUD. Better than "Sorry the game is not available for your platform." Linux does have a stable ABI. The kernel ABI is stable. The glibc ABI is stable. The OpenGL ABI is stable. The Xlib ABI is stable. What you can't do is link with a random libpng or whatever that you found on your system and then expect that to work for others. But that's the same on Windows. > That gives it .deb and rpm coverage Package formats are mostly irrelevant for Steam. The only thing that is packaged is a tiny bootstrap script with the proper dependencies to make sure you have stuff like 32-bit system libraries installed. You don't even need to use that. I also ship compiled binaries for Linux. I assure you, it's wrong. > anger on CDP who took offence and said they're not doing anything for linux any more. I have seen no such statement by CDProjekt RED. Only employees of the porting company decried the criticism they got. radeonsi supports OpenGL 4.6 just fine. > everything Croateam does You mean eveything Croteam did . They stopped doing Linux ports after Alen Ladavac left for Stadia. There has been absolutely no word from CDPR as to why they did not port any of their other games. Both commonts in your article are from a developer from the porting company, not CDPR. > content you consume Most content I consume is, like your comment, already shared by users without them receiving any compensation for it. It is usually someone who is not the content creator that profits from content on the internet. > Incidentally did you know that web browsers tell certificate authorities about every website you visit that uses TLS with support for OCSP stapling. OCSP stapling is exactly what enables the browser to verify the revocation status without contacting the cert authority. Also, not all browsers check OCSP. > but then you have to do it for everyone Unless you are also worried about false negatives you only need to perfrom the better test on those that reported positive on the quicker test. Why not just use https://youtube-dl.org/