Unfortunately, this behavior is common across all major browsers. There is a Chromium bug for it ( http://crbug.com/315190 ), but no responses as of yet. Good find with the meteor.com link! It covers several memory leaks; the last example is the one that is relevant. Unfortunately, you are right. I am optimistic, however. IE used to not GC cyclical JS/DOM references. Google Chrome is doing a massive rework of DOM garbage collection with Oilpan. You are right that it is not a trivial change, but there is nothing technically infeasible about GC'ing per closure. I think it is worth it, just as it was worth it for IE to have smarter GC. Good quote. That is certainly a simple way to manage things. It isn't the only way (nor the best IMHO), but it is the simplest. Yes, evan_ is correct. Yes it is https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8379973 If by doomed, you mean relegated to only 79% market share (that being the cost conscious portion of the market), then yes it is doomed. "Of everyone, Google should know how hard it is to maintain large web apps" They do. Google doesn't use Angular for Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Calendar, Maps, or Google+. They use Closure Tools ( https://developers.google.com/closure/ ), which has a much longer history, and is geared towards truly large web apps. As far as I know, only DoubleClick uses Angular. Which ones? Having used Closure Tools for a couple years, I often wonder that. But it lacks a lot of magic. It's based around reusability, maintainability, and performance, and not just features. Like you said, features get blogged, maintainability gets (silently) used. It's true they are not mutually exclusive. Closure is several related tools that can be used independently: a JS compiler (minifier + type-checker), templates, and very large JS library. Some people use Angular in place of templates. http://www.mircozeiss.com/a-radical-new-approach-to-developi... http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/angularjs-... It could be written in NodeJS, Haskell, or BF, but I doubt it would matter. I know a lot of JS developers that use Git, which is written in C. Closure and Clojure...unfortunate naming conflict :P There's no reason for an employer to offer special paid maternity leave for not working. It doesn't make sense, and it's not fair to others who do work during that time. On the other hand, not offering sick leave for recovery from childbirth is just plain stupid. Recovery from surgery, recovery from C-section, recovery from vaginal delivery...that sounds like sick leave to me. "Hypermedia means HTML, period." Um, no. XHTML and SVG are hypermedia. JSON isn't hypermedia, but you can define hypermedia formats that use JSON (just as SVG uses XML). "better step in the right direction than the types of tools MS and Google have been putting out" The Google Closure Compiler ( https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/ ) has been around for years and years. It does everything you mentioned (100% optional type annotations, type inference), plus more (dead code removal, inlining, compiler-time constants). Similar to the Google Closure Compiler ( https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/ ), which has been around for years, just with fewer features. It has static type checking with optional type annotations and type inference. It doesn't have compiler-time constants, dead code removal, inlining, or other optimizations. But....still really cool. Generally people that don't like explaining what they mean to a computer. I'm confused. Is there something else in another language with better solutions for IDE, dependency management, dependency injection, etc.? Honestly, you just listed some of the best reasons to use Java. Great suggestions. Do you have a web framework suggestion, e.g. something with templating? I like Play, but that's 'cause I use Scala. It has a Java version, but IDK how good it is. Yes, AAARGH indeed. It can, with macros. Though Scala's stri g interpolation will get you mostly there (correct number of arguments, local format specifiers that are harder to mess up). Though I'm not sure it needs to be completely automated. You don't see robots writing news articles, but a researcher and Google are more productive than several researchers. With a lot of (cool!) features like type inference, it's not hard to see why compiling swift is slow. To me, incremental compilation is a bare minimum for a "real" language; it's nice to know 1.2 will have that. That's tricky stuff. What was the intention behind not doing a water landing, like with the Space Shuttle boosters/tank? Before you indignantly grep the web for jQuery, the post did say dead is hyperbolic . (Yeah, link bait...) For web apps, jQuery is "dead" in the same sense that string-concatenated HTTP responses are dead. They certainly exist and are used, but there is a level of abstraction (templates) that supercede -- or should supercede -- that functionality for most developers most of the time. If I'm writing a "hello world" web server, I probably won't be using templates. But if I'm writing a web server serving HTML that I want to be maintainable at any non-trivial complexity, I'll be using a framework/library. Sure, you can use jQuery, and yes Angular uses it (or jqlite) for cross-browser DOM interaction, but that will not be the predominant or most visible tool in any moderately complex web app. Front end development is coming around to the advantages of MVC, and the current generation of tools reflect that. jQuery is not dead; it is simply no longer the highest level of abstraction for creating web apps. You could compare this to a 100 year old car. But that's not accurate. There are 100 year old automobiles in use, and likewise I expect some 40 year old software to still be in use in 60 years. Launch a space probe and its software will run as long as there is power. But that's not interesting. Here we are taking not about software not as an instance, a physical entity of computation. We are taking about software is an idea, a design for computation. What DARPA is looking for is the equivalent of a car design that is still in use after 100 years. One that can be maintained and occasionally modified in backwards compatible ways. But that's a little stupid, both for automotive designs and for software (computational designs). Creating a 100 year car design is probably at best fruitless and at worst counterproductive. Trying to create a 100 year software project shares the same pitfalls. The most annoying thing I found with Selenium was that it wouldn't wait for the browser to respond to click events and rerender. The approach in the blog post (and I think elsewhere ... not sure) is to poll the DOM with a timeout. Is there a better solution to be add with something like `executeScript`? You could run `requestAnimationFrame`, and then poll for an indicator that the click, etc. handler has indeed finished. That way if it fails, you know about it pretty soon, without the need for long timeouts. This is all just a guess though. Sure, just like impersonations of your boss are ill-advised. But funny to a certain at of people (your boss probably not being a member of that set). I suspect you haven't said anything he doesn't know. NIL is fine ... as long as you have some container for the opposite. There should be a way to express Maybe >, aka an optional optional value. The Store article in the article is an example of when this would be needed: a cache optionally has an optional phone number for a person. If Lisp has the equivalent of Maybe > (perhaps a singleton list of a singleton list?), then the optionality is composable. Otherwise, the optionality is not really composable, and you will have problems. (1) It's true that a sentinel value like NULL can cut cycles. That's low-level code though, and not high-level code. I'd suggest that most code is (should be high level). (2) It is true that you may have uninitialized values. There are several ways to address it. Java will not allow you to use uninitialized local variables. C/C++ leaves the values of some uninitialized variables undefined. There are several possible approaches. Treating null as a normal thing is not a good approach, though. Author here. I didn't know that about Haskell. Admittedly, the "rating" is pretty rough, maybe even a bad idea. I've seen std::ptr::null more than I ever have Foreign.Ptr.nullPtr. But really, both are usually used for compatibility with external libraries/programs/runtimes, not for idiomatic language programming. Both great languages in my book :) Yeah. That's what I was going for ;) You make a good point. I removed the mention of std::ptr::null, since it really isn't really a NULL like other languages. Like you said, it's for FFI. The title originally matched the blog post ("The worst mistake of computer science"), but then it was changed by a moderator. Maybe it could have been a less drastic change? "NULL, the worst mistake of computer science" or "The worst mistake of computer science: NULL" So you like Python. To quote the article: > This is a bit different than the other examples, as there are no pointers or references. But the idea of a value that is not a value is still present, in the form of a char that is not a char. It has nothing to do with the similarity in name (NULL / NUL). As you said, it could be terminated with $. The similarity is that they are both sentinel values. NULL is a sentinel for types; NUL is a sentinel for char arrays. In both cases, they create exceptional and non-composable situations. Good explanation here: https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/3j4pyd/the_wor... This is not contrived. (1) A cache returns something or NULL. It's generic; i.e. implementation doesn't care what it is storing: integers, strings, etc. (2) A particular value of interest may be NULL or non-NULL. But now I can no longer use my generic cache and my values of interest together. A very real example of this is Java's Map interface. It's completely up to implementation on how they handle null, making interpreting null results difficult. While often you use NULL and everything works, you're still limited to a certain set of circumstances. You can't pick up thing A and thing B and just use them together. Hence non-composable. > it is extremely rare for experienced programmers working in dynamic languages to have bugs related to type That's a good one. I really needed that ;) I thought of including SQL NULL. Unfortunately, I felt I would do such a poor job of enumerating the problems or describing them in a somewhat comprehensive way, I didn't even try. FYI, I fixed it. std::ptr::null isn't really comparable, so I removed it. You can't really use it in Rust like you could in other languages. Exactly. You can still get errors due to things not being there. But your assumptions are explicitly stated. You see None => raise Error, and a little alarm goes off in your head, and you look around for a reassurance that we really want to do that. In contrast, you don't give x.toUpperCase() a second glance. I have used the Closure Compiler for years (and contributed too!). It is really a fantastic tool (along with the Closure Library and other members of the Closure family) for anyone that values maintainable, solid JS. I can understand why it's not more popular; it feels a lot like Java -- industrial strength, non-flashy, and perhaps a little boring. It's also a little hard to setup for a real project (tutorials could be better). It has been around since the creation of Gmail, and will be around to stay for years to come. (Though it has improved substantially over the years.) "Man shoots video; police shoot back bullets" Yes, people do that all the time (e.g. of the top of my head, the Google Drive API). GraphQL is the natural extension of that, but more flexible and composable. I can get a user's name and email, and his friends names, with the cost of only one request and latency. You could change your REST API to do the same, but eventually you are reproducing the GraphQL equivalent. That's correct, you destroy HTTP-level caching. (For one, your queries can be large so are POSTed anyway.) Relay is a caching layer that understands GraphQL semantics, but you no longer have transparent HTTP proxies, browser caching, etc. Though HTTP proxies are dead thanks to HTTPS, and with modern browser APIs, you can do your own limited caching. It's certainly a tradeoff for what you expect to give you best performance gains: fewer roundtrips, or more caching by third parties. But proportionally more, or disproportionately more? Too new for the dictionary, but typically "transpiling" is compiling where the source and target are at similar abstraction levels. So you've proved it's not 100%. But is it 99%, 90%, 50%, 10%, 1%? If it's 99.9%, accurate, it still has a use. This is dangerous. Just as dangerous as, say, the government taking over a bunch of uncollectable housing loans. Or the United States federal government renouncing all its public debt. If there has been illegal acts, they should be rectified. But saying "I really don't want to follow through on what I agreed to" just because minds changed is not justifiable, and sets a an ill-advised precedent. Collect on my credit cards. I dare you. The future of UI is text....specifically Hypertext Markup Language. But those are different. Those favor females. That's different. Yours is a bias that necessarily influences other people. But you are right; other innate biases are possible. Men could be better at logical/mathematical reasoning, which is necessary for technical skills. A difference in interest though is the most popular proposal. Conclusion: The gender disparity in computer science could be the result of innate differences between the sexes. Surprisingly, there are very few studies on the actual effectiveness of bicycle helmets. Lots of times, articles will just say "X% of people that are injured aren't wearing a helmet". Which of course is next to worthless. My experience too. But that goes down to like 50k after compression. Some logos are bigger than that. Not trivial, but for a lot of use cases, that's good enough. Especially if you cache appropriately. > why not use code generation You literally just described macros. With ads It gives you something. Compare Facebook Flow or Google Closure Compiler. It gives you the flexibility of not having to prove types to the compiler sometimes, but the safety of proving it other times. And yet you can write both programs in a familiar language. You could do early binding. Closure, for example, transforms non-polymorphic functions into static functions. But you are correct that performance is not the primary objective; it is verification. I personally prefer static typing all the way. But it's possible to make a decent argument for optional static typing. If they were true, they would disable cookies, as they allow servers to track you. But they do not. They just make sure the cookies are not stored on the computer. Thus the point is to avoid leaving traces on the computer, not the server. > Case in point: if a very popular Github repository (such as the one for the Linux kernel) decided to start using LFS for some of their files, they would instantly alienate all of their users. They would no longer be able to properly fork the project, or even clone it to get its binary files stored via LFS. Nobody would be able to send a pull request to Linus as a result without considerable effort. Odd example. Linux doesn't use GitHub pull requests. This. Unlike many other systems, compression in git has nothing to do with commit order or file types or really anything VCS related. The way delta chains work in git are ingenious and transparent. The problem is that "binaries" are large amounts of data with high entropy. Sure. With git-fu and enough emails, you can replicate anything done in GitHub. I'm just saying it's a very odd choice for an example of GitHub screwing over workflows. There are literally thousands of uber-popular projects that are deeply integrated with GitHub. I recommend choosing one of those for an example. Line NodeJS or something. I'd hate to see the blog post you call vicious. Does it need f-bombs? Death threats? I think what you mean is that it is not unjustifiably vicious. Try reading it this time. I don't think anyone assumes that of all 45 year olds. But the proportion of 45 year olds with dependent families versus the proportion of 22 year old with dependent families is hugely imbalanced. We might find some hugely imbalanced results from that. Money What if something if really good at being a website? Yep. AWS is a great example. Many products that can be used very well together (S3 and Cloudfront, for example), but the chosen abstractions are such that they can be used independently as well. Absolutely. My company uses it (among other things) for handling production issues. We'd rather not manage that ourselves. It's just one more thing we can screw up. This is different than the FOSS subject of the article, but it true that convenience is compelling. And that's what I meant by "among other things". Originally, we were using Campfire. As needs grew beyond just putting out fires, we looked at Hipchat, Flowdock, and Slack. We probably would have gone with Hipchat (because of the price), if they had SSO, or better JIRA integration. Slack had both. Exactly. I wasn't aware of the decree that excluded Asians from white racism in school/work. Given the number of Asians in tech, it appears white racism is lacking. Well, then I should have said Indians. I'm not disagreeing, but I am curious what you are hoping to gain. Geez. That sucks. I guess they really wanted those minutes of fame. Yep. Just like if you found out that probability didn't work, go to Vagas and exploit it. "What are genes for?" Totally. Anyone who adopts is an idiot. They don't use React There are worse things than poverty. Like that comment. That's not what confounding means, from a stats perspective. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confounding Excluding smokers can cause a confounding variable, not the other way around. A better choice of word would be "obscure", as including them will make it harder to reach significance (though the end result should be the same, if the variable was not confounding). It's just like saying "the dollar weakens". People owning dollars are sad. People not owning dollars are happy. What would be a adaquete replacement? Lessens? But what about old, current, and new? Or int? Or class? There is more then one project out there with klass. What study is that? In any case, success is (mostly) not rolling a dice. Good planning, strategy, skill, and past experience make a huge difference. I doubt 10% chance of success is the best you can do. This isn't unique to software. You'll find similar criticism of education institutions that offer quasi-substitutes for four years of education in a few weeks, with almost universally lower standards. E.g. Phoenix. In the US there are stringent and often legally enforced requirements for doctors, lawyers, and engineers, that programmers do not have. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but it does mean that there will be informal restraints to counteract the lack of formal ones. Hence, "elitism". The problem with code academies is that they offer an experience at almost the cost of a formal education, but with a fraction of the benefit (necessarily so, due to their duration). Next time you receive services from a professional (tax accountant, architect, dentist, auto mechanic, attorney, electrician), consider whether you would be comfortable if the duration of their training was one tenth of the industry norm. But surely it would not be so weird to "stratify" electricians and signalers (people who turn signs). Both do "construction", but the difference in skill and market supply/demand. Or in JS. Or in C#. That covers a lot of the big ones. Perhaps you should name your language, so I can provide better examples. That would take longer > Ways to name variables so they look like keywords? I don't need your help with that. Oh good. My comment was in response to someone who doubt keywords would ever make good variable names (e.g. class). > you can always use a grammar that distinguishes between keyword rules and variable rules, and you'll never have any unambiguity. Yes, that is nice. And that's what W does. As an ancestor comment said, kudos for a "clean syntax"! (NOTE: there are alternatives, e.g. Scala's backticks. But W's choice is a good one.) Earlier discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4442826 Your decry of prejudice would be more believable if it weren't only unsorted generalizations (i.e. prejudices) “The failure of Verizon to comply with its obligations… to provide fiber optic service throughout the State of New Jersey,” What causes this obligation? Have you ever written a container (with an iterator)? II just like pushing people around in general. That'd make a great pull request. "I was reading this code, and then I found this line that I didn't understand why it was written, so it should be removed." And carry groceries for you and the rest of your family home via shoes/bike/public transit. I don't know if this is it, but C (and C++) desperately needs a good package manager if it is to be used and continue to be used for more then a relative few "core" projects. Java became very successful in OSS due to Maven (or perhaps the other way around...in any case, it is essential to the large, high quality OSS community today). Similarly with Node.js and npm. That's not my experience. I usually find then to be cheaper, in paperback, and sometimes with different exercise problems. In context, that expression refers to claims that contradict existing evidence. For example, if someone finds a way to create mass/energy, that would be extraordinary. All existing evidence suggests mass/energy is conserved. Even if no one has tried XYZ before, the evidence of XYZ creating energy has to be weighed against the evidence of thousands of (other) processes not doing that. It's possible someone made a mistake, or the results are being interpreted incorrectly. While there is an ideal, the reality is that "evidence" is of varying types and qualities, and that perfect evidence is not always feasible. In the US, criminal convictions ("extraordinary" claims) require proof beyond reasonable doubt. But civil convictions ("ordinary" claims) require only a preponderance of the evidence. If you buy your goats from the local market, they are more expensive in the valley. But if you buy them from Amazon, they are the same across the US. Where are you buying your goats? The remote work market will trend towards location-independence. Differential pricing cannot last in a fungible market. The companies that offer $100k and get $300k value from each employee will eventually out-compete those that offer $100-200k and get $300k value. It's the same mechanism behind free markets defeating other forms of discrimination (I use this in the general, non-legal sense). If most companies pay women less because that's the market, eventually the non-discriminating outliers will do better and the market adjusts to the more efficient reality. The timing may be unknown, but the movement towards a non-discriminating equilibrium in fungible markets is not. Yep. It's like wanting developers to drive a luxury car so much they would pay a premium for luxury car owners. The solution in that case is to not get the irrelevant high power engine. Or, more accurately, not to pay for the high power engine. Choose and pay for the car independent of the irrelevant factor of engine power. If the best value car (from your perspective) happens to be one with a high power engine, then you'll get that one. But you don't pay more for one, especially when your prospective market is broad (the entire world). The more cynical view is that the government perpetrates the attack to provide the opportunity, ala 9/11 conspiracy theories. Nice "You know what I've noticed? Nobody panics when things go "according to plan." Even if the plan is horrifying! If, tomorrow, I tell the press that, like, a gang banger will get shot, or a truckload of soldiers will be blown up, nobody panics, because it's all "part of the plan". But when I say that one little old mayor will die, well then everyone loses their minds!" "shortage of developers" That's self-induced due to your treatment of the market. Suppose you'll pay SV devs 170k. Do you have any idea how easy it would be to replace those spots by offering 160k (regardless of location)? And you'll save money. Most devs, FYI, do not live in SV area. The market for remote work is huge . Sure, the location has value to some companies. And they'll fight each other tooth and nail. But to a remote company, it's just as irrelevant as a luxury car. It's an artificial segment of the market to them. They don't need to enter the frenzy. There is a equilibrium of global supply and demand that is lower than SV equlibrium. Replace your SV hires with the others at that price, and save money. Capitalize on your remote work, instead of tossing it aside. Okay. Well, here extraordinary is supposed to mean better/more then ordinary. But if it means talented or praiseworthy or something similar, then I whole-heatedly agree. Yeah, Java's HTTP stuff is barely usable. If you are doing more then playing around, use singing better. Apache httpclient is a very well constructed library. And there are bunch of other smaller ones. Browsers required HTTP. Well, ultimately, some programs must be native. But beyond that, off the top of my head, I'd say the primary reasons: * performance * memory usage (think resource restricted environments) * performance * no extra runtime needed * performance * start up overhead * predictable performance (think real-time stuff) * access to ubiquitous native APIs * performance Look at programs like Nginx or PostgreSQL. They make crazy effective performance optimizations that are really only available to native code. Of course, not every program is a web server or a database, but they are compiled for good reasons, and those reasons apply to many other programs. At least Google admits they were down. When AWS goes down, the best you can hope for is a little "i" next to one of the green checks 6 hours after the outage is over. Chicago mayors have a bad track record too. DNS would be a disaster if taken down. It's also impossible. The technical solution is to identify them and sue them on technical grounds. References? You're think of earned income. Income is anything that...well...comes in. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wirth%27s_law There are extremes, and I fear that the GP's intent was lost. Compromise and selflessness are key to marriage. Individual ambition is the opposite of these qualities. Extremity ambitious individuals who are not able to transfer this ambition to include the well-being of their partner set up the marriage for failure, regardless of their influence our talents. I not saying that's what happened, but the GP points out that otherwise successful people with poor marriages isn't so hard to imagine. Yes, there must be balance. "Abandon individuality" carried to it's literal extreme is wrong. But the essence of the GP's statement has truth: individual focus and individual ambition don't necessarily translate to a good relationship. "you need to throw yourself on the sword to avoid hurting others" Like I said, there are possible extremes, but in essence, yes. I believe that love is characterized by sacrifice. You can do that, but it is very very expensive. If you are serious about it though and you want a reasonable price, take a trip overseas and have it done there. Adding "detectable metal" is pretty ridiculous. Maybe they should just ask people if they're packing. What's this expected firing lifetime? I wouldn't think it to be very much, but I'm curious. Plastic guns get the attention, but it's not to hard to make (much better) metal guns at home. Milling the lower receiver is a popular way to make AR-15s, etc. Of course, that requires equipment which is several times more expensive than a 3D printer (over $1k). But if you really want to make your own firearm, it's well worth it. Yeah, I know. But if you wanted to mass manufacture something, I doubt it would be plastic guns. The only point to plastic guns is that you can do it yourself without too much hassle. How many were saved by civilian-owned firearms? The problem is, we don't really know. Even with the reporting bias, there more reported legal defensive uses of guns than injuries by gun violence. But how many uses actually saved a life? Hard to tell. Move to France. If a gun (or other weapon), is possessed, that makes it a violent crime, e.g. aggravated robbery. So you can get some handle on gun use (even when not fired) in crimes. Right. Nobody (or mostly nobody) makes their whole gun from scratch. The idea is that the gun parts can be obtained with fairly ordinary efforts, just as plastic for a 3D printer can be obtained with fairly ordinary efforts. (Naturally, there is a big cost difference between these two.) It's possible to have it done in a couple days. But yeah, like the other comments have noted, this probably isn't very wise. I didn't mean to offer real advice, just say that it's essentially possible, with tons of pain and considerable amount of money. In the end, you probably just want to hold on to those natural teeth. Definitely unrealistic. Atlassian is quite slow to move forward on their products, including their acquisitions. In some cases -- Bitbucket Cloud -- they really never do. Whenever I think about Bitbucket, I think of https://bitbucket.org/site/master/issues/8548/better-ci-inte... Well, sort of. You can have a backdoor as safe as the backdoor key holder. The problem here is not a technical one; we don't between a "safe backdoor key holder" can really exist. Well, we'll keep getting better and better at extracting more worthwhile data, and increase our ability to use the data we have. And data will allow extensive growth (of business). It might be reaching, but yes, kinda. Well, there was more than one day. But yeah, results limited to himself. Or used a signed assertion that is verified with a secret. Yep. This works. Yes, anytime something makes it from a third-party library into the language, it's not worth the hassle of a third-party dependency. Of course, this "hassle" is off-loaded onto the language, ie all C++11 users having to learn it. People have Macs for similar reasons as iPhone for similar reasons as Apple Watch Strawman. You are referring to a tiny fraction of abortions. Only a few abortion critics oppose abortions to save the mother's life. Last I checked, people had been successful in banning "assault" rifles. I'm not aware of a time in the US where encryption was banned for the populace. I would say the same for a lot of HNers. 5 years, really? How often do I have to replace stuff that I own? My car is 25 years old (gasp) and reliable, though not designed for current emissions standards, my laptop is 8 years old and works great, though it can only run so many app-that-is-browser programs, my phone is 4 years old and works, and my router is 5 years old and still kicking, and my table saw is 10 years old and works great. I'd like to not have to replace my biggest, most expensive tools in my life every couple years, just because someone else has and thinks I should too. "Original mistakes"...that one made me smile :) TV news is just terrible. Other sources are too, but TV news seems to excel at reporting on the same three stories with the same information for weeks. I lived in Florida, and it's great to know when a hurricane is coming, but you gotta turn it off after the first ten minutes because after that it's just hype without substance. Your point about the car is correct, though I believe the argument on crypto is weak. I just would like to figure out how to use something for its actual lifetime. c'est la vie By that measure, those open source devs are the stupidest of all. Exactly. An 80% chance of zero and 20% chance of millions is different than an 80% chance of zero and 20% chance of 70k. And a lot of people fail to identify the difference. You forgot gender from your list, as per your story. Yep. And that's not weird. I work where I do now largely because my friends do. I mean, if you're going to spend 60 hours a week in close-ish quarters with people, it'd be nice if you enjoyed it as much as possible. Granted, there is an extreme, and there are discrimination laws, but I do want to spend time with people I get along with. What about helping an asshole across the street? "Software updates" and "last a long time are not the same". If anything, the former opposes the latter. Or...here's an idea: let me choose my security. Maybe I have a different standard for a bank then a blog, or a router config page. Or maybe I don't. You don't have to choose for me, not in this case. Oh, I know that my tools are inherently not as good as the ones today, but that's not my concern. I'm not sad that my tools from years ago aren't as good as the ones today. That's inevitable. I'm sad that many of them are useful but artificially rendered useless by decisions. For example, I had no complaints about my phone's battery life, security, or performance in 2011, my phone hasn't changed, and I use it for the same tasks. The same goes for the other items I listed. You downvote, but realistically that's what Tor contributors/operators wind up doing a lot of time. But some people have decided -- for a number of understandable reasons -- that Tor is actually a good thing to help with. Everyone's got different ideas of worthwhile uses of their time. Some people love contributing to something; others won't spend 5 minutes on it. It has to do with desire, goals, values, and passion, rather than strictly mathematical aptitude, as you suggested. ninite.com It makes upgrading them easy too. navigator.onLine "pay out the a " is an odd expression. It seems what you are paying isn't worth very much (i.e. a pile of worthless s) Why is that annoying? Read the quote closer. It wasn't just talking about legal responsibility. It was talking about "patriotic duty", "sinister", "public duty", "voluntary", and "morals". Being mean to your elderly parents conflicts with a few of these ideals. "The Constitution, on this hypothesis, is a mere thing of wax in the hands of the judiciary, which they may twist and shape into any form they please." - Thomas Jefferson Wait, what happened to the 2014? It's sarcasm/hyperbole. Yep, the best thing is when you can compose things. Like stream Netflix with your laptop, or play games with your Xbox. Rather than have the thing that does everything poorly. I take it your iTunes account wasn't one of the breached ones. So when my drone flies through a jet engine and causes $1m of damage, the FAA is going to look at the identification number on my done? Impressive. Humpty Dumpty should've called these guys. And pay $5 per bird. Airplanes have far higher top speeds then drones. Drones are basically birds when it comes down to this. Or give the the answer to what they want to know, not to what they asked. > I'm at a loss for words > To me, there's something really heartbreaking about abandoned and decaying houses. You're at a lost for words because of some old houses? At least there aren't gangs roaming the capital, looting, killing, and burning for days. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2328952/Sweden-riots... I'm not saying either US or Sweden is a nightmare; just that every place has its uglier side. If you're "out of words" for some old houses and some vegetation, you're probably missing a lot. Multiple buildings (including two schools) and hundreds of cars were burned, at least one elderly man was killed. IDK of anything comparable in the US in this century. It's hyperbole only in that the area affected was small compared to the rest of Sweden, in the same way that one street is small compared to the rest of the US. Exactly. In one sense, it's like seeing a phone "abandoned" for a newer model. People don't live in the same place for centuries, because they don't need to. Yep. I stand corrected. Those are similar and on the same scale (i.e. larger than I had remembered). Like I said, there are worst sights than an old house. Understandable. I also get emotional, though differently. I reminisce when I see old buildings, even those in poor condition. They make me think of the history of the place, and the connections I have to the past. Also, I've lived in a lot of humble circumstances and have really liked the people I got to know, so I'm somewhat biased towards less modernized settings. I understand that there are a lot of problems in indigent places, and I don't want to minimize that at all, but I have fond memories. When the machines take over, they'll go for our fridges first, so we won't know what to do. Only JS runs in all browsers. Some people want to write once, run anywhere. Hence JS and Node.js. ( or a compile-to-js language ) And thus JS conceeds "write once, run anywhere". Slack's founder said something along the lines of "The only unusual thing about me is a slightly better then average ability to predict what people's reaction will be." Always getting HEAD seems like a rookie mistake that rejects decades of lessons from mature systems and is a real deal breaker. But that may just be me. I think the same thing about generics, and others clearly don't. Wait....are you telling me that used a computer today? And the day before that? And the day before... Ah, you're probably behind the times and not very techy anyway. Sure. "Run anywhere" is really only descriptive of languages (e.g. Java), not implementations (e.g. Dalvik). You can't have a "run anywhere" implementation, unless you are grouping a bunch of implementations together...one for ARM, one for x86, one for FreeBSD, one for Windows, one for Minecraft, etc... because even under the same name the implementations would very significantly internally. "Run anywhere" is a function of (1) the language spec (i.e. how much machine dependent behavior is permitted) and (2) the actual real-world support across platforms. JS has the first, but the second is often conceeded, per the earlier comment. Betteridge's law I'm using the Play framework. I run it on dedicated hardware, so the few extra MB of disk space doesn't bother me. I know you don't like talking about it, but do you have something to share about its performance? :) Yeah, they could've thought about that sentence more. Traveling with unloaded firearms through states is federally protected. A few years ago, Greg Revell had a layover in New Jersey and bad weather caused his flight to be delayed. He stayed in a hotel, and New Jersey wound up arresting him and confiscating his firearm which was illegal in the state. He argued that he was still traveling; New Jersey said he wasn't. He took it to court and won. tl;dr Traveling through a state with a firearm is legal, but law enforcement can (apparently) still harress you even if you are obeying the law. 403s are often used in place of 404s. This is even allowed by the spec. That doesn't mean 404 if worthless. If you don't play along, the bad guys will block your whole site. The Mr. Universe article says he adjusts the insulin according to activity and diet, and that it can't be manipulated to help him past what a functioning pancreas would do. "People sometimes give him the eye, thinking that insulin might be advantageous in competition, but insulin is of no use to him in that respect because if his insulin ever goes high, he can’t shed body fat and get lean enough to compete." Hmmm....you may have been compiling Scala. "Unfortunately, at Gravity we didn’t have required code reviews in place." If you are trying to scale past 50 devs without code reviews, there is a MUCH easier improvement you can do rather than to switching to a new language and tech stack. "SBT is also a real sore spot. There’s always that one person who actually knows what the heck SBT is doing and can debug everyone’s issues." SBT is an order of magnitude easier to debug then Make or (heaven help you) Maven. I'm not saying it's the best or simplest build tool ever made, but it has nice debugging. `inspect` and `show` are invaluable. Exactly. In neither case is 404 or 451 pointless just because 403 is sometimes used to restrict access to that information. I agree with you that Java is painful. But if "enough is enough", abandoning all types is throwing out the baby with bathwater. You make a compelling argument for languages with type inference and richer typing systems. There are many such languages. For the JVM, there is Scala. This. 100 times this. Types are a "proof" to the compiler that your code will run in a certain way. No missed "edge cases", no fuzziness, just pure comprehensive logic. Of course, the success of this varies by language and a lot of people have worked to find better and more powerful approaches. But you should regard any type system as a proof system for runtime behavior. (I'm not saying that running tests with arbitrary examples is bad; I'm just saying that HUGE classes of potential bugs reliably go away with good static typing.) It's just the name. Whatever a monad is, it must be worth the name. (Yes, I know the history of the term.) As my kids climb on their favorite jungle gym and scream in my ear, I too am tempered to raze them ;) Well, against the standard of ML, Scala does come up short. Almost all of that is due to the intentional choice of running on the JVM with high interop compatibility. Choose ML-family or Haskell, and you don't have Java baggage. But I'd take types with class-vs-trait design choices, less-than-ideal match exhaustiveness checks, and type inference incompleteness any day over a language lacking all static typing features. They do cache at least sometimes, and they must for it to work. If I send you an image URL http://example.com/fH27cAw , and they URL is requested, you must have opened my email (unless something is requesting them regardless). "Free software" is not defined merely by dictionary definitions of "free" or "liberty". For example, people are not free to create derivative works and not share them. I'm not saying "free software" is an improper phrase, just there is more nuance than you imply. You may by right; I was just reading the posted resource. You may consider posting one with fewer winks next time. Even with implementations, there are consistent themes. L1 caches have been around aa very long time. Your post begs for a definition of too little abstraction. If by "soon" you mean a year and a half ago, then yes, soon :) Could you spoil it for us with the name of the planet you do want to live on? When I said Java interop, I meant two-way. With few exceptions (traits being the only I can think of) all Scala code can be used by Java. You can even use implicit parameters, though of course the Java compiler won't resolve them for you. And almost all Java constructs can be created with Scala (Java enumerations being an exception). For example, using Scala you can define an abstract class that Java code can use. You can't do that in Clojure. Real world examples: Play and Akka are two large projects that include Java development in their primary use cases. Two-way interop is the cause for a huge number of less than ideal decisions: different Array equality than Seq, @specialized, universal equality, hash codes, and toString, abstract class vs trait, generic type erasure, etc. You can call the compromise misguided (and you wouldn't be the first to do so) but that's why. Considering that this is a comment on an article about Forth , I don't think "major project" is even in the realm of discourse :) Google uses a lot C++. They've done some Web things. And yet still very short and very unreadable. Sort of. URL "routing" is necessary for REST, as opposed to an RPC (or GraphQL) style POST to a single URL. But yes, other than arbitrary URL routing existing, there is nothing that makes it have a "REST" style. Anecdotally, I'd say there's a correlation, but I too know plenty of counterexamples. http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/s?k=Tool+sets C++ has polymorphism and templates. If you have a lot of dynamic typing, you may want to look at C instead. Nice. Great job. There has been lots of work with this concept. For example, http://trustyuri.net/ Or it can be something like sha256://abc123... where the URI is the hash of the contents. It is infinitely cachable, doesn't require SSL for authenticity (just for privacy), and is location independent (can be hosted anywhere). I forget how link cycles are resolved, but anyway that's the idea. Presumably because Electron needs to be hackable/customizable for lots of devs and performant for lots of workloads. "Citation needed" If you don't have the resources to run PostgreSQL, you sure as heck can't run MongoDB. And if you really have minimal requirements, I recommend SQLite. Yes, but that doesn't invalidate what I said. It still counts as "routing" on the request URI. (Instead of, say, routing to application logic primarily based on a header or the entity like GraphQL). There's zero difference between path and query string, other than one is meant to be hierarchial and the other is not. Florida, I assume. RFID is more recent and a closer comparison. "ivory tower" is reflective of content and delivery, not just source Spelling of time machines, you've also seen the UI. (which, FYI, is functional though non-pretty, just like the HTML) On the contrary, I expect any modern framework to work in any modern browser. The are no fly lists, high risk lists, etc. Of course it's not a primary defense, but it is security in depth. And IDs can be forged, but a criminal on the run may not have the resources. In any case, the TSA is fairly lenient toward passengers who forget their ID. But they probably give them a more thorough than normal inspection. Include terraform if possible. And I use github.com/lucidsoftware/cumulus . This article is missing important info: (1) This is much less interesting if the effect doesn't propogate, i.e. if income levels only lasts one generation. This is a crucial part of eugenics -- which the articles compares the effect to -- and yet nothing in the article suggests that income transfers generations. (I'm not saying it does or doesn't; just that the article doesn't address this at all.) (2) The same is probably true for good looks, culture, athletic ability, hobbies, education, geography, race, IQ, and wealth. I suspect there are a number of confounding variables. Omitting any mention of them doesn't invalidate the reported results, but does make misinterpreting the results of the article much easier. Exactly. AOL was the face of the Internet (ISP, chat, email, web) for years. In relative terms, AOL was arguably the most successful Internet company of all time. And that didn't happen by accident; there are good lessons to be learned. The same goes for Yahoo! when someone writes a blog post about them in eight years. Any example? Akka is sold as a concurrency abstraction that works great ay any level: one core, multicore, multi-host. After using it for years, I can say it does work, but only with a high complexity overhead. Failure conditions, retry logic, serialization and delivery guarantrees are a concern of multi-host parallelism, but not really multicore (same process) parallelism. I'm not sure I've ever seen an abstraction over memory-separated concurrency that doesn't add a lot of complexity. It may be that such a difference is fundamental and isn't meant to be abstracted over. In any case, unless you are sure that you want to design for distributed parallelism, I recommend conventional thread pools, etc. Also, https://www.chrisstucchio.com/blog/2013/actors_vs_futures.ht... Can you cite a source? I'm not saying you or the article are wrong, just that there are some big gaps. That's for containers. It isn't used to, say, setup SQS. Unless I am reading the article wrong, that says that children of high income earners do better on the SAT, and that high income parents spend a lot on education. I don't see anything about the correlation between parent income and child income. Also: better batteries. That helps smartphones and electric cars. The problem with that bit from the Economist is that it no data were presented to back it up. When it comes to these topics, there's pretty sloppy journalism all around, including the original NY Times article. The Atlantic article just quotes the IZA article, which is about wealth transfer in Sweden, not income. Wealth is heavily affected by spending habits; income less so. And t Telegraph and NY Times articles don't offer anything concrete on the subject. The Pew source does address the subject. The key part is: > Approximately half of parental income advantages are passed on to children. The IGE [intergenerational elasticity], when averaged across all levels of parental income, is estimated at 0.52 for men and 0.47 for women. (That means that if someone earns $40k above average, their children can be expected to earn $20k above average.) In comparison, IGE in UK is 0.5, France is 0.41, and Denmark is 0.15. https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/Intergen... IGE studies are somewhat scarce, but that's no excuse for the original NY Times making a bunch of unsubstantiated implications. More than one person works at Microsoft. Kinda like how more then one person comments on HN. You still need version resolution for jars in a lib directory, whether Maven does it or you do it. Maven just automates the process. I've never found automatic dependency resolution to be that big of a problem. But if I had, I'm sure that manual resolution wouldn't have been any easier or more maintainable. Conceptual debt arguably leads to a better understanding of the principal, as both technical and non-technical people can contribute to it. I will certainly use the phrase. tl;dr Thank goodness for sociopathic jerks In hard times, there's a balance of concern between totally uninvested and stressed out of one's mind. In circumstances like the ones described, most people tend toward the latter. As an employee, this would be very welcome and probably very helpful in making the most of the situation. That said, it's crazy that they posted it for their customers to read. Hearing that my vendor has a "can fail" attitude isn't reassuring. I'd rather hear that my vendor is comprised of low-maintenance caffeine fueled super robots that keep their commitments with the stubbornness of a thousand donkeys. (I know they're probably not, but when choosing vendors, I'm usually working with limited info.) So...cool memo, weird post, nice thoughts. That's why "fair tax" advocates flat sales tax. It still leads to questions, but sales taxes are usually simpler than income and capital taxes. And how people would be more careful drivers of you replaced airbags with a metal spike. You would wind up with more careful drivers, but anyone who thinks that's the only goal is misguided. In fact, Apple has a fiduciary obligation to act in the interests of their shareholders. Maybe so, but the outrage for 0% should be had towards the people who made a 0% tax rate: the EU/Ireland. Being outraged at Apple is like being outraged at the weatherman about the weather. We tried a luxury tax in the 90s. Yachts were more expensive and due to highly elastic demand, the industry plummeted. Companies went under or laid off thousands. But don't worry. Guess who works at yacht manufacturing plants? Not rich people. They weren't hurt, and they were fine with taking their money elsewhere. That example is over the top, but yes any salesman will tell you that a good sales pitch is more likely to win customers then a list of red flags. No, I think you mean a true flat tax , e.g. a poll tax, is the ultimate regressive tax. I have come to find that "regressive" moves the goalposts. It sounds as if the rich pay less. They don't pay less; they pay more. They just don't pay more when dividing taxes by their total income. I've never heard a convincing argument for why that formula is the ultimate benchmark. And anyway, virtually all sales tax proposals have some per capita rebate/basic income, and that can be tweaked to make it as progressive as your heart desires. You implied that it would be better if luxury items were taxed at a different (higher) rate than other items. They is a luxury tax. However, if I misunderstood and you advocate having the same tax rate on luxury goods as other goods, then we are in agreement on this point. There is probably some truth there, but I think you are missing reality. Next time you try to make a sale, express how reluctant you and your coworkers are to recommend the product to their friends. It has to do with amount of "dynamicism" present. I.e. are you using HTML and CSS to read formatted research articles, or are you building a collaborative equation WYSIWG editor? That's fine. And surely you'll agree with the GP that they're not really comparable. "What exactly is understandable? Their outrage? Or their hypocrisy" Yeah, their hypocrisy. It's "understood" in the sense that it is expected. Costco would be a bad place to shop. At the federal level, there's an organization called IRS. Yes. I'm not sure if you're aware, but sales tax is already ubiquitous in the US. The taxable entities are far fewer than income tax, making for less administrative overhead. Tax evasion rates also lower. Of course there are tricky questions, but they're already being answered, IMO better than the personal income quagmire. Having both today is a complicated tax structure (corporate taxes and sales taxes). Between the two, sales tax is the simplest choice. My bad. At the time of posting I thought that FairTax was fairly well known. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FairTax#Monthly_tax_rebate There are good reasons to choose an unamanged language, but this part strikes me as odd. "my last project was Java. C++ would have allowed us to port more easily to other platforms" I'm not saying that you must wrong for your particular situation, but as soon as you've compile Java, you've essentially ported it to a massive number of platforms. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Java_virtual_machines If anything a dependency on OpenGL would limit your choices. Exactly. They'll have a less secure experience, but that what they choose. You and your iPhone 7S can have a super secure one. React: reinventing Angular one step at a time. And in more repos. https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/two-way-binding-helper... Well React is a templating language. I assume you mean client-side templating. Surely they will have to change that. Right? It can't last long. The documentation seems to be the other way around: it discourages ReactLink for React newbies, not power users. > If you're new to the framework, note that ReactLink is not needed for most applications You're going to love npm3 then. It installs different versions depending on the order you install them. https://docs.npmjs.com/how-npm-works/npm3 You're probably right; it's probably just oddly phrased documentation that's accurate for new and experienced devs. Sorry for my ignorance, but could you help me by explaining why my comment was wrong? This was in response to > Why not just use a templating language? React is a templating language...or maybe more specifically has a templating language, JSX. You can even run it server side. http://reactjs.net/guides/server-side-rendering.html The problem isn't using React in that situation per se but just that server side templating (React or not) would be a better choice. I assume that's what the commenter meant. Eh, to me it seems like someone who is really invested in a project and would like to see as much of the current Sails user base as possible contribute to the Trails community. May be more tact could be used, but I think he's doing a good thing. SEO: the witch doctors of the web But seriously: those guys at Google know how to show relevant results. Make your results relevant and don't do anything stupid like block googlebot, and it'll work. And his past mistake was using Sails. If the implementation of the Sails as a Rails-like JS framework was as bad as he says, be shouldn't use it for his next project. A bunch of members of the community apparently had similar thoughts. As long as the idea of Rails-like JS framework isn't fundamentally flawed, they seem to be doing the logical next step: make something better. It sounds like you are in violent agreement with the Trails team, as they share your opinion. Hence, Trails. I agree, this doesn't seem very compelling. Perhaps there is a use case that is compelling, but this particular one doesn't do it for me. The author's criteria sounds like a brochure for Scala development. > We wanted a typed language. We wanted language aware editing. And we wanted a language that had an organisation behind its development [Typesafe] and enough people using it that we could get questions answered...a more active community, is being used for commercial development by...a number of other companies [Twitter, Foursquare, The Guardian], has good editing support within IntelliJ, has an active community on social media, and promises easy interop with existing Java libraries. Scala also shares most of the "good points" * is interoperable with Java * infers types * has more advanced variance rules * has data classes * has sealed classes * has a mechanism for extension methods * has operator overloading (though Scala operators are syntactic sugar for methods, so arbitrary names are allowed) * has getter and setter syntax And solves many of the "surprises" * destructuring * data classes that can be sealed * better null handling (i.e. Options) * structural typing And of course, Scala has a larger, more mature community, broader support from IDEs and build tools, compile-to-JS abilities (ScalaJS), and many more open source libraries and frameworks. The author mentions that build times are slow. Was compiler performance the singular deal-breaker? I'm not saying I can't think of any downsides of Scala; after three years of full-time development, I've seen a few. (Yep, slow compile times. Also, conceptual complexity. Also anything in the bug tracker. https://issues.scala-lang.org .) But I left the article feeling like Kotlin was a fasting compiling Scala that was less mature and had fewer features. I'd enjoy a fuller perspective on Scala from a Kotlin dev. --- Side note: "Kotlin borrows the concept of companion objects from Scala. Why can’t classes be objects? Perhaps it’s a limitation of the JVM but compared to, say, Python, it feels clunky." I'm guessing this is referring to using compile-time types (classes) as runtime data? I.e. reflection. "lower class are basically slaves" You're going to compare working graveyards at 7-Eleven to slavery ? You should read a little bit about slavery and human trafficking. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery I suspect most slaves would not agree with you. Makes sense, considering Bing powers Yahoo! We're talking about getting a couple volunteers to Mars one time, not forcing billions of people there permanently. It's true that post Civil War blacks weren't doing well. (Actually, a lot of whites weren't doing well either.) But it's a real stretch of the imagination to say the current United States (especially post income tax and Social Security entitlements) is anywhere even close to post Civil War circumstances. The GP's point was that Bill Gates is essentially in a sample size of 1. Comparing him with the others may be inaccurate. Interesting that would call your linked references "random". I don't really "hang out" with NYT readers, so I can't tell you the group consensus. But my experience has been that NYT frequently fails to report meaningful data. For example a few days ago, they compared the propensity of people to marry others of similar income to "eugenics". http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/12/27/upshot/marriages-of-pow... But then totally and completely failed to show that income level transfers generations, which is crucial for eugenics. They also failed to look at it even mention confounding variables. > Am I hugely missing something? You may have missed the nytimes.com domain. :) It's incredible that a HN comment has better reporting than a whole professionally written New York Times article. The quote was from Frederick Douglass, a black man living during the Civil War. Impossible to know for certain, but I suspect he wouldn't be terribly pleased with a comparison of the current "lower class" to real slaves. If this affects more than a few otherwise nice, pleasant people, perhaps the dating and marriage prospects are not so dismal. Geez, this isn't Reddit. The response essentially was "I'm assuming your evidence is based on assumptions." And also prompts reader biases and red herrings. Billions of communists disagree. A Revolutionary Tribunal, powered by HN/Reddit/Twitter. Truly terrifying. README.md is a good place to check: Compared to tmux To some extend, pymux is a clone of tmux. This means that all the default shortcuts are the same; the commands are the same or very similar, and even a simple configuration file could be the same. (There are some small incompatibilities.) However, we definitely don't intend to create a fully compatible clone. Right now, only a subset of the command options that tmux provides are supported. Pymux implements a few improvements over tmux: There is a completion menu for the command line. (At the bottom of the screen.) The command line has fish-style suggestions. Both Emacs and Vi key bindings for the command line and copy buffer are well developed, thanks to all the effort we have put earlier in prompt_toolkit. Search in the copy buffer is highlighted while searching. Every pane has its own titlebar. When several clients are attached to the same session, each client can watch a different window. When clients are watching different windows, every client uses the full terminal size. Support for 24bit true color. (Disabled by default: not all terminals support it. Use the --truecolor option at startup or during attach in order to enable it.) About the performance: Tmux is written in C, which is obviously faster than Python. This is noticeable when applications generate a lot of output. Where tmux is able to give fast real-time output for, for instance find / or yes, pymux will process the output slightly slower, and in this case render the output only a few times per second to the terminal. Usually, this should not be an issue. If it is, Pypy should provide a significant speedup. The big advantage of using Python and prompt_toolkit is that the implementation of new features becomes very easy. It doesn't matter how big my monitor is; I walk away from a lot of websites thinking I need a larger one. I think it had to do with mobile. Things are scaled to screens, and mobile is the lowest common denominator of what can fit on a screen. Just blow that you to desktop on you have Duplo. The general term is "whole program optimizer". It what Google does to Chrome (but not Chromium IIRC), and what Proguard does to Java (e.g. Android) apps. Define a couple entry points and use static analysis to pare down the code to that, for minification, obfuscation, and performance. > SJWs aren't really getting away with anything here But not for lacking of trying. Really hard. We need to make sure they don't get away with such abrogations of justice. Yeah. The only difference is that React lends itself to arbitrary JS, while Angular is more limited. Nonsensical, but still accessible Unfortunately, if that happened, I'm pretty sure the only possible endgame is a scorched sky and humans as living batteries. I'm sorry; it was a joke. Because living batteries are clearly absurd. How do we "act accordingly"? I pushed for this really hard at one company. I was just a dev, not one of our Harvard MBAs, but I know math. I got lots of pushback because it's harder to remember two numbers instead of one, and it makes reporting confusing because executives are also used to just the one. Throw in the business guys who did statistical significance by (literal quote) "experience and gut feel" instead of reliable, rigorous quantification of uncertainty, i.e. statistics, and I really couldn't do anything. "don't require them".... Transactionlity is principally dicated by the requirements to the architecture design, not the other way around. " isolate to one service " Yep, a single service with a single database, as mentioned. My point here, like the earlier one, is that there are a lot of situations where multiple services don't fit the domain. In fact, very many, given the extreme complexity around transactions. Yeah, that comment is way off-base. Should be 1967. Either that, or best example of the worst I think he was trying to draw an analogy between installing untrusted software, and getting intimate with untrusted people. Both are avoidable. One obvious difference is that the consequences of mistakes can be higher for STDs then for infected computers, but that's the analogy. Exactly. It's like asking someone to watch your stuff while you go to the bathroom. The chances of picking a thief are low compared to the chances of a thief picking you. What? How are kids supposed to get to school? Ride a bike to school? Or hitchhike? Or was bus transportation mandatory even if you lived 100ft away? Debate means that all parties are wrong? By that logic, if, say people disagree about whether cryptography is good, both sides haven't been able to answer the question. The fact that future payments are unknown doesn't make them artificial. Avoiding effort now causes more effort to be spent later. The amounts are unknown but the effort is real. It's a question of ownership. Property rights and such. If the company owns the infrastructure, the subscription, the accounts, whatever, they can decide what to do with it. In contrast, an employer can't, say, search your car without your consent. Again, property rights. If you choose to park on their property, they can search, just as the TSA searches people who enter airports. (There's some more rules, since this is a case where property rights conflict, so generally they have to notify about the situation upfront.) Yes, if it is your car, they cannot search it. (Unless, as others said, it is a secured area, and by entering you give permission to search your person and property.) But if you deliver for Papa John's, and they think you swiped some stuff, they can't search your cat. Of course, law enforcement may acquire a search warrant, but that applies to everything, employer and employee. How does std::string copy on write cause race conditions? Death by a thousand strings is a very common performance diagnosis. Only tasteful searches "New processors will only work with Windows 10" WTF?! They're using some sort of hardware DRM lockdown to kill Linux, FreeBSD, etc? The nerve! Oh wait, that's not what it said. It said windows 7/8 wouldn't be supported. Stupid link bait title. That's what they say, but the Netflix original content is still DRM'ed, last time I checked. The dance doesn't match the music. Glad to help :) 1. New processors will only work with Windows 10. 2. Linux is not Windows 10. 3. Therefore, new processors will not work with Linux. QED. Except that is incorrect. (Besides the fact that the processors with work with 7/8 too.) Instead of hurting you by helping you. You are correct about jail time. On a different note, nobody bailed out the dot coms. If you outlaw guns, only outlaws will have guns. If the only jobs you can get are ones "quite beneath your qualification", you might rethink the reality of those career qualifications. WebGL is better now than it used to be, but it used to have all sorts of platform-specific quirks or outright bugs. chrome://gpu/ The only reason you can even hope to have it work "without" a whitelist/blacklist now is if your browser has a very good whitelist/blacklist, without trusting the hardware and drivers to do what they claim. And how do you tell (without running forever)? " most probably got where they are by climbing well-established corporate ladders. And the rise in incomes at the top largely reflects the soaring pay of top executives, not the rewards to innovation." Then why the heck are you here? If you want piles of money, shouldn't you be climbing the uncreative, guaranteed ladder to wealth? If being the 0.1% were really that easy, it wouldn't be the 0.1% anymore. Ah, yep, you're right. Finite state -> solved halting problem Still far from "every" I'm thinking C++, but I'm sure other languages have it too. You spend a lot more than I do. So they just ignore it? It seems like that would make legal matters really hard to understand. Care to add any specifics? Looking at half of JS language features, I could say that's bloated too. Why detach it? Quotes or not, this is the first time I've seen "bare metal" applied to npm. Hah. So far, humans are the only ones to build a fusion bomb. He achieved it. Ask "Who is the the author of the best sci-fi story of all time?" and the answers will vary (though Asimov is a likely choice). Ask "Who is the most prolific sci-fi writer of all time?" and, and you'll hear Asimov. Also, I'd have added The Fantastic Voyage to the list. That has a movie. Fielding's work isn't specific to HTTP. It was just agreeable with it. Like GraphQL? Did you hear then over the sound of your garbage collector? But seriously, I'm a huge JVM fan yet I know that if memory is a limiting factor, I should look elsewhere. I just don't current work in any environments where my program has less than 64mb to use. Try Atom. Yeah, it's line he's never heard of PHP. JS is probably 2nd, among languages still in common use. Because he doesn't enjoy casting every time he iterates over a collection? Because he doesn't like NULL pointers aka the worst mistake of CS? https://www.lucidchart.com/techblog/2015/08/31/the-worst-mis... Because he doesn't want a package manager that always fetches HEAD? I'm not saying Go is a poorly designed language where the answer to every decision is the easiest one for the implementors. I'm just saying there's a legitimate case to be made. Yep. Solved long file paths. All we had to give up was determinism! "Is it because it makes their life easier using a single tool or language for both dynamic and static content?" Mostly this. As soon as you add a bit of dynamicism, it becomes easier to do everything in one language/workflow. Eloquent. Three syscalls instead of one will probably not make a difference. Copying a 50mb file multiple times will. If you are correct, they basically fail at English language/marketing. That's like saying the Most Valuable Player is the fan that provided the most value to a player. You named it wrong. "How do you do know if it's "smallest" or "viable"?" There will be done uncertainty, as all possibilities cannot be tested. But just because something is hard or even impossible to identify, it does not mean the concept is not valid. You can make your own webhook system, but it will be totally nonstandard and custom, I believe. RSS and ATOM are standardized mechanisms for conveying an event stream, understood by thousands of clients. I'm not aware of anything else similar. I'd be interested in reading how small the file has to be for this to be necessary. I'd be okay with "at least once" :) I don't understand. This does affect newborns. I don't think that's how it works. It's God's mind you have to "change", not the Pope's. At least, if I understand Catholicism correctly. Not that hard. Minimum useful experiment Minimum viable prototype Agreed. Either you define strategy either narrowly to be only very high level concepts, such that there are many counterexamples (10gen/MongoDB IMO), or strategy is defined broadly to be any decision of significance, such that this is trivially true. The only way I could imagine anyone disagreeing on this subject is if they have different definitions of "strategy". "The civil order was introduced in English and Welsh law last year and can be handed down by magistrates at the request of police where it is believed that a person who has not been convicted of a sexual crime nevertheless poses a risk to someone else." Why bother with pretense? Just throw acquitted guilty people in jail. Would you mind referencing a dictionary. I think your reasoning falls squarely into the GP's description. Scala has inline XML support. Not a good thing, IMO, since it makes the syntax way more complicated, but there you have it. "I tend to prefer libraries over frameworks...they don't box me into patterns I don't want or need" You're confident that you're able to identify what you want and need, and how to get there. You don't need help or strong direction. In contrast, I worry about making the naive choice, and I trust that others have thought about this a lot more than me. So I tend towards things that have built-in best practices/assumptions/guidelines, i.e. "box me in". Software is (mostly) about function. Fashion isn't. When something functions on massive scale, it's commendable, and worth looking at. All URLs are URIs. "willfully" is probably overstating it Way to outshine it in two paragraphs. What if only one is a mersenne office? Really, a lawsuit? If that's not discouragement from listening to employee suggestions, I don't know what is. No, tons of stuff are liabilities that they don't remove. Rent, salaries, etc. I want to create something that works for lots of users from lots of backgrounds and lots of feature complexity. The page process and the GPU process are duking it out in Chrome to see which one can most fully peg a CPU core. I'm watching just the three cubes at the bottom of the page. GPU is holding steady at 97-99% for several minutes now. voxel.css is 80-90%. *mersenne prime I guess I'm bad at CSS/SASS, but I must be missing something. Maybe context. He's not suggesting that. He's suggesting that the correct solution (recursive descent parser) is not inherently hard, but CoffeeScript makes it hard enough that people reach for less good approaches. If I sandbag estimates Those are good use cases. I'd mention them prominently. This would make prison terrifying. Yahoo and AOL aren't hiring these days. "To big too fail" isn't a thing. You are right that null can be problem when encoded wrong in a statically typed language. But they cause problems even without static types. https://www.lucidchart.com/techblog/2015/08/31/the-worst-mis... For example, Rust can have Option >, which can be None, Some(None), or Some(Some(...)). But you can represent that with null, because nulls don't "stack". "Everything that can be served cached over HTTP can also be served cached over HTTPS. " Only if you're taking about a browser cache. Any other cache couldn't intercept the data and cache it without alerting the browser (unless you mess around with installing SSL certs). I think CSS is the strongest criticism of CSS. It has a dependency on the bash runtime. And coreutils. And often moreutils, or various others. IDK what groups the author had in mind, but that group is the vast majority of Asians (if you exclude the Indian subcontinent). It's also the majority of Asian-Americans, if you add Vietnamese. Especially if it ships late. That's one recommend approach towards Python. E.g. numpy. The other approach is pure Python and then using PyPy's JIT. It replaces the (nonoverlapping) occurrences of " " with "" in str. Regexes have facilities for case insensitive replace, as in most languages. Maybe I've been programming in Python too long, but str.replace is intuitive to me (unlike, say PHP's str_replace). I'm guessing you don't program in Python much, judging by your question of string copying. But not the iOS APIs. I instantly uninstall the apps don't work. It's a well known phenomenon that new psychology students will learn about disorders and suddenly start to see the symptoms in themselves, even though in reality the "abnormalities" are 1/30th of what would be an actual issue. In other words, it's very easy to develop psychological hypochondria. Perhaps it's because of the lack of visibility of the condition. That tone isn't great. "AIDS? Sucks to be African, I guess. Here we use protection." It's done a lot for the Indian communities. And the CJK communities. I'm not sure what "other" is exactly. npm3 installs flat, right? You're right about what HR should have done, but you're overplaying the significance towards Yahoo's current position. "The number of records in a database has no relationship to the complexity of that database’s overall structure." Huh? This is absolutely false. As data size and throughput requirements increase ("scale"), the structure of data changes. It may be indices, denormalization, paradigm changes (NoSQL), or sharding. You don't just slap sharding on an existing arbitrary database structure. It has to be designed with that in mind. The author has good points, and I believe in YAGNI too. But this statement is just false. Either they have a huge growth in number of fires, tickets, or features. None of those fit your image. You're exaggerating. I've filed tickets about their status page before, especially on the stupid green-checkmark-with-i. Hasn't worked yet. The most recent issue that affected me was when all EC2 instances in VPCs couldn't connect to S3. At all. It wasn't indicated on the status page until after it was fixed. And it was indicated as a green check in a sea of green checks. With a small "i" in the corner to represent the outage. I love AWS. It's not without fault but overall I think it's been well architected, well documented, and well implemented. But the status page has got to be the ultimate example of what not to do. Right, and not the Grand Canyon State. The space of acronyms/abbreviations is quite cluttered. Right, and not the Grand Canyon State. The space of acronyms/abbreviations is quite cluttered. "They won't win wars by themselves. Sorry 'bout that, Air Force." Aircraft (and aircraft carriers) were devastatingly effective in the WWII Pacific theatre. (Okay, this wasn't the Air Force, but I'm focusing on the aircraft part.) It's true for both sides. Japan nearly destroyed the US's ability to contend at all in that theatre. The US turned the tide at Midway. You're right they don't win wars "by themselves", but I think you're undervaluing their strategic value in wars fought on certain geographies. I'm sympathetic to your point. But publishing in the Portable Document Format isn't the worst. First thought: "You can carry any X dollars around, the form of a credit card." Second thought: "Oh, the $ is a indicator of some kind." Third thought: https://xkcd.com/1306/ True, let me rephrase. Publishing something in the Portable Document Format (particularly on a non-web subject) is not unacceptable. HTML is nice, but it does have its drawbacks. For example, HTML doesn't have pagination or standard TOC support. It's hypermedia, so you have to link out to a bunch of other files, making it much more cumbersome to transmit and distribute. Using a zip, I suppose? (Yes, you can use data URIs in HTML5 compliant viewers, for inflated sizes, and mandatory full file reads before rendering.) I probably wouldn't have done a PDF either, but I think you're reading more into it then you can. I also wouldn't recommend fertilizing your solar cells. "good and universal idea, like loans to manufacturing companies that commit to 100% American jobs" This idea is neither good nor univesally accepted. External manipulations of the market cause deadweight losses. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deadweight_loss You have to argue that the gain of manufacturing jobs will be worth more than the loss of inexpensive manufactured goods. The market currently says that argument is false. I hope this isn't true. That's one sucky "upgrade". "Because the long strings of alphanumerical characters and dashes provided by UUID are less efficient at the database layer" If there is anyone reading this that is storing UUIDs as text, don't. They're 16 bytes, in hexadecimal with standardized hyphenation. Store 16 bytes. (Granted, that is still twice the storage of one of the offered integers,) FYI, this is the crux of an old "proof" that every number is interesting. Head scarves A shawl is worn over or around the shoulders. Sometimes that includes the head; sometimes is does not. Try an image search. Or watch Fiddle on the Roof :) https://youtu.be/7V2lxFWBqfI?t=2m49s You know what, on second thought, you're right. Given the context and content, it's pretty ironic. You know Animats, his education, and his professional history better than I do, apparently. How many VPS's are free (indefinitely)? None that I know of. I was wondering if they lumped in accidental "murders", like traffic accidents, they might get there. But even that isn't enough. "It left a bunch of crap on my computer too, starting up some kind of server on startup." That "crap somekind of server" would be MySQL server. Were you trying to install MySQL client instead. I've never had a problem. `apt-get install mysq-server`and I'm done. I don't understand. How is this different? Imagine an infinite series of nested hollow shells of equal thickness around Earth. The number of stars in each shell is quadratic relative to the radius. The brightness of each star is inversely quadratic relative to the radius of the shell. Thus, each shell has a constant total brightness, as perceived from Earth. An infinite number of these shells add up to infinite brightness. This is a great explanation, up until the last part, which is slightly misguided. "So even if the universe were infinitely old as well as infinitely large, it would not contain enough fuel to keep the stars shining forever and to fill up all of space with starlight." If the universe were infinitely old, fuel was consumed, and fuel had finite density, then the sky would be completely dark. Because there would be no starts. The author is really just thinking "It would require infinite time to receive light from infinitely far away." Which is the relevant answer to the paradox. Yep, explained here: http://www.physics.org/facts/sand-dark.asp Of course, if there were an infinite amount of light (visible or not) reaching Earth, you'd be dead. Yep. Currently, some galaxies are traveling away from us faster than light. http://curious.astro.cornell.edu/about-us/104-the-universe/c... It occurs everywhere, proportionally. The effect isn't great enough to notice unless you are looking at light-years. Also, gravity and electromagnetism increase at close proximity, so on less-than-cosmic scales, they overcome the minute amount of spatial expansion. Yes, this is currently true, and will continue to be, unless we end in the Big Crunch. In an infinitely large universe, the net force of cosmic gravity would be 0. Kind of like how an real number divides the number line into "same size" infinite intervals. Granted, entropy in the system would cause matter to clump into larger and larger bunches. But if the matter were perfectly arranged by an outside force (e.g. God) and didn't deteriorate, the universe could remain static. Yeah, both are right in context. It's just like saying "gravity doesn't make objects fall at the same speed". It actually does make them fall at the same speed...but if you include other relevant forces, the overall effect is different. FYI, gravity might eventually overcome spatial expansion on a cosmic scale. But we don't know. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Crunch More likely than not, the Big Crunch will not happen. From Wikipedia: "Recent experimental evidence (namely the observation of distant supernovae as standard candles, and the well-resolved mapping of the cosmic microwave background) has led to speculation that the expansion of the universe is not being slowed down by gravity but rather accelerating. However, since the nature of the dark energy that is postulated to drive the acceleration is unknown, it is still possible (though not observationally supported as of today) that it might eventually reverse its developmental path and cause a collapse." No, the total light in each spherical "shell" is the same as every other shell. Stars that are 20 light-years away are 4x dimmer than stars 10 light-years away. But there are 4x more stars 20 light-years away than 10 light-years away. As you go outward from Earth, the stars get dimmer and more numerous, but these balance each other, and the infinite sum is 1 + 1 + 1 + ... (This is no chance happening; regardless of the # of spatial dimensions the universe has, this relationship holds true.) JavaScript doesn't really scale vertically, not by standard usage. You can't double the CPU cores and RAM and I/O and double your throughput. When you buy something from Amazon Prime and it gets there three weeks later, I hope you are as amused by the "negotiating process." (Yes, I know, the product you build is different than manufacturing, different than construction, different than paperwork, and every other deliverable.) In general, this is a terrible practice. "How much is it going to cost to build my house?" "Er, I'd rather not commit to a price. We'll figure it out later." Have you ever done sales? Sales quotas are extremely common. Software development is commoditised. Or at least a lot is. Static web sites, simple mobiles apps, etc. Some individuals or organizations build them over and over with regularity. s/syntax/type/ Every tool I know of merges pull requests. I don't know of any code review tool that uses those. But I'd love to know. I asked http://programmers.stackexchange.com/q/256789/108980 a while ago. Typically, a syntax is specified by BNF or similar. Every programming language has syntax, not every programming language has static types. I think you can separate these pretty cleanly. Your argument is good for showing the value of consisent units. But it could be base 2 or base 16. Think C++ iterators. Those maintain state, but not mutable state. You have full control over the iteration,. but everything is immutable and thread-safe. HOAs are very, very far from universal. E.g. my suburban neighborhood near Salt Lake City doesn't have an HOA. I've not seen an HOA survive in any significant way past 30 years. So...you can't have a summer home? Ever? And if no one uses a timeshare over the winter they lose it? Taken literally, this seems horrible. I'm assuming that the tenant gets rights and you can't just walk in and kick them out. How "temporary" are we talking? In my experience, one someone starts living somewhere, they're not in a hurry to leave. > flexibility of renting seems a lot bigger advantage than the small advantages of owning a house Want to paint a wall? Own a pet? Add a garage? Replace your grass with desert cactus? Build an extension? Knock a hole in the ceiling so you can hang upside down like a bat from the rafters? Build a dirt bike track in your backyard? Owning is nothing if not flexible. At the very least, you should agree that describing "flexibility" as a characteristic of renting alone is a incomplete summary of the situation. Well, I don't need one, but I want one. Few places in the world are temperate year round. When I'm old and rich and retired, I'd like to enjoy the outdoors. And if you spread out the latitude, you can even capitalize on differences in day hours. "Compile times must be fast" That may be stated too strongly, but the argument is in a statically typed language you go to all the trouble to provide the compiler with sufficient amounts of information, but then don't leverage that in your editor. E.g. if you call a statically resolved function, your IDE should be able to take you to the function's definition. I'm not saying I disagree, but how would you verify identity over the phone? Interest is not sufficient. People who have natural abilities chronically underestimate their effects. Some, regardless of interests, will always struggle more with certain physical or mental tasks. Interest is important, but ignoring ability is not the right way to interview. It's the difference between unlocking a safe to help execute a warrant (typically legally required) and making a key that unlocks all safes. Though they do usually pay less since they usually live in less property. Apple wants to stay as far away from hacking the world as possible. If a weapon/tool like that exists, they'll be asked to use it. Or it'll be stolen. Or copied. Etc. Your competitors do too. And you consider that an IDE, right? An Integrated Development Environment? "banning all foreign media from publishing online in China" Seems like a contradiction. Are you publishing online, or in China? That's not unbelievable. What's the better word? Now if he had said it was an FBI/NSA agent, that would be believable. The point of this is to also understand just the implementation. Tax avoidance is nothing to shy away from. Tax evasion, on the other hand, is illegal. The differences go far beyond syntax. Option/Maybe can represent arbitrary optionality, while null is limited to a sentinel value. I wrote a blog post about null ( https://www.lucidchart.com/techblog/2015/08/31/the-worst-mis... ) and this one of the examples: Suppose you have a generic key-value store. If a value is not present, the lookup returns null. You use it for a cache that maps user IDs to phone numbers. Some people don't have phone numbers, i.e. their phone number is null. But now you can't represent that in your cache. (JS "fixes" this -- if you want to call it that -- by using a second type of null: undefined.) Option is generic and can applied arbitrarily deep; null/Nullable is a sentinel that can be used once. Option is arbitrarily composable, and the superior choice. Insurance salesman...for Zenefits. Unrelated, but archery tag is super fun. Halfway between laser tag and paintball. I'd recommend it when you have the chance. If a computer struggles to parse unambiguously, it doesn't bode well for mortals. In aggregate, game theory works really well. I had English in mind when I wrote that comment. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_linguistic_example_sen... But you couldn't sell those without violating a patent, right? Iteration is not bad. Iteration without progress is bad. Which one do you think would happen? "But maybe we need completely different approach to get out of local optima technology seems to be right now." So your problem is not that a Rust rewrite would be too much of a change. It's that it would be too little ? ;) If there is any popular low-level language that is a "completely different approach", I'd say that language is Rust. True that. And you have no idea how much control is possible until you start switching gates yourself. I like my car's automatic seatbelts (91 Saturn) I can't find a replacement "modern" car. "That patent holds no merit." Has the US Patent Office reached a conclusion on this question? Or hire a PM? Or HR? Or marketing? "The misconception that the modern renaissance of Gopherspace is simply a reaction to "Web overload" is unfortunately often repeated" The article after this paragraph reads like an argument playing into this "misconception". "just use something else" That's what I do! (Actually, I do that from the start of the project, so that adding something as pedestrian as concurrency doesn't involve a complete port to another language.) It's easier to buckle a lap belt then a 3 point belt, particularly if you have limited mobility. I might not toss it away all at once, but by the time I'm done with v2, little of the original code remains. Broad non-competes are very common for many jobs, and virtually never enforced. When you enforce one, you are basically trying to take someone's livelihood away. They're the EULA of of jobs. Sure, make a stand of you really want. But if you don't, there's practically nothing to worry about. (I feel bad saying that, but TBH I've signed a lot of EULAs.) I had a customer-facing programming job (something like a technical consultant). I had to speak English understandably -- even over the phone -- and be a polished, likeable, and competent representative for the company. It's hard to imagine how this could be done without "flawed human judgement". Some jobs might be form-filling or widget-building in a dark basement, and you might be able to get away with this. But a lot of jobs are not that. And second best in terms of sales ;) Some people believe that charity and wealth redistribution is not the providence of the government. It's not that they believe charity is bad, but rather that it is either morally wrong or inefficient for the government to force it. This opinion has become less popular over time, as the norm for government jurisdiction has increased. Progressive income taxes are, historically speaking, a new concept, starting in 1909 in the UK and in 1862 in the US (and requiring an amendment to the Constitution). Another reason for the dislike may be the large amount of welfare abuse (not necessarily fraud, but abuse), which you will probably find even after only a little exposure to the system. It's a shame you can't fix it. 10 minutes is nowhere even close to my experience, especially because Oracle/OpenJDK has incremental GC. React is version 0? Does that mean they don't follow semantic versioning, or that it isn't production-ready? As a seller, I can confirm that Amazon's policies tend to be very buyer friendly, more so than say, eBay, IMO. An example of abuse is the 20-something-year-old whose back "hurts" too much for him to have a job, so his is disabled. Sans state-guaranteed welfare, he would do fine at many jobs. But the allure of someone else paying for everything is too much to pass up, so consciously or unconsciously, he allows himself to be crippled. (Similar to abuse, of say, painkillers.) The argument is that legal entitlement to welfare creates increased opportunity for abuse, because no one wants to deny it and then get sued in legal courts. He might meen GPU programming, which has separate processors and memory from the CPU. That's a pretty broad category. Last I checked, there were a lot of Java libraries. On the other hand, you do have to worry about installing it on Windows/Mac/Debian/Fedora/Arch/FreeBSD/Darwin. And worry about it deleting your root file system ( https://github.com/MrMEEE/bumblebee-Old-and-abbandoned/commi... ). I agree with your points, but we should remember why the web got so popular: a safe, seamless software distribution mechanism. Recent OS's have approached this. ( https://xkcd.com/1367/ ) At least you don't have to download an add-on to use Pocket ;) Good points. Two issues: (1) All code review tools I know of currently use merges http://programmers.stackexchange.com/q/256789/108980 (2) If you want to keep your local work up-to-date, you need to rebase. It can be painful to do this after a while; many like to do it often. If you have a conflict, you will need to resolve it everytime you rebase, unlike merge, which saves the conflict resolution in the merge commit. You can use git rerere, though it takes some effort https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rerere I'm not sure the DOM API is safer. innerHtml vs html() Security is not so much about sophistication as it is about lacking backdoors and fundamental flaws. I can imagine this would be hard to "tout". The article is somewhat difficult to read. I think "segregation" should be "zoning" throughout most of the article? I get that he's trying to draw a parallel to the historical practice of separating public facilities by race, but the connection is tenuous. One is de jure separation by ancestry for public, tax-funded, government facilities. The other is de facto separation by finances for private property (enabled by legal architectural requirements). In any case, following this logic implies overturning most zoning restrictions and HOAs. (I myself am currently uncertain on my opinion on this.) Yes, and I eventually got that. segregate, zone, partition, divide, separate, categorize have similar English definitions. This is just my impression, but "We must repeal our zoning laws" would have been an easier thesis to follow then "We must repeal our segregation laws", particularly since they work differently. Take a walk. Ride a dirt bike. Camp. Fish. Build the coolest tree fort ever. Then I think you missed the point of libertarianism. > land is a natural monopoly There is no shortage of land. There is a shortage of land in urban areas or areas with easy road access. +1 sudo indeed But how could you be social before the internet? How do you reply to emails at 11pm? ;) Or maybe Scalia just asked all the right questions, that Clarence already had. "some interesting new phenomenon" ;) The Debian version format was not made to be easy. https://www.debian.org/doc/debian-policy/ch-controlfields.ht... But in any case, this works. ^(\d+:|(?!.*:))(?!.*-[^-]*:[^-]*$)\d(-?[A-Za-z0-9.+:~])*$ Actually, I think I variable-width lookbehind might be handy here to check the hyphens, but I don't have Chrome 49, so I'll forgo it. Because JS is a general purpose language? > The thing about JIT languages is that there's no such thing as overall speed of a particular operation; you can only sample current speed on current implementations. How in the world is that specific to JIT? Have you never heard of a Sufficiently Smart Compiler? Do you know what a linked list is? I've never had to create a GPU, but if I didn't know what it was, I wouldn't be good at graphics development. My family and I travel frequently. Sometimes I forget to turn my thermostat down before I leave (though I remember a couple hours later, when it is too late). Even when I do remember, it's a little bit miserable for me and my kids to arrive home and everything is 48°F. A thermostat that I can adjust remotely would be awesome! I hope to get one soon.