I think your employer would find you to be a rather poor employee in that #2 situation. I don't see how "a reason to distribute it" is necessary. What if I just choose a completely random integer with 2000 digits and host it? I don't have any reason to do so, and it's certainly not illegal. Then someone comes along and generates a program that's equivalent to that number, or some digital media rights developer happens to use that number as a key for encrypting some copyrighted media. Does my original act of hosting suddenly become illegal, because I had no good reason to host the number in the first place? Being a C wizard doesn't mean you know how to implement a balanced tree. It means that if you understand a concept, like a red-black tree for example, then you can efficiently implement it in C. It looks fine, but I think I'll always have trouble finding a coding font to replace Consolas. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consolas They address the idea of building a non-hierarchical system on top of a hierarchical one. They argue that doing so is bad because it adds a layer of indirection to your data, and they argue that it's unnecessary since their non-hierarchical system can in fact implement a POSIX-compatible layer easily (so they say). I keep things fairly well organized on my file server, but I've definitely encountered times where my folder hierarchy is insufficient. Wanting to get away from hierarchies isn't just for academics and the disorganized. Here's two examples: I naturally have a Movies directory and a TV directory. Under each I have two directories SD and HD. Sometimes I may want to simply browse all the HD video on my system. Where do music videos (i.e. live concerts) go? They're certainly Music, but it's fair to imagine wanting to see them listed when I'm browsing through Movies and not listed when I'm browsing my mp3's. Add in tutorial videos for music production software (I have a lot of these) and it's even more of a guessing game. Every computer system that uses tagging is a counterexample. We humans think in tagging as often as we think in hierarchies, but I agree that we tend to think of hierarchies as more well-defined and organized. This tendency can be incorrect. I think it boils down to this: for hierarchical data, use hierarchies. I believe that files on a modern personal computer will almost certainly not be hierarchical, so it's not ideal to store them hierarchically. Videos, for example, may be movies, tv shows, screencasts, music videos, etc. Videos may also be standard definition, 720p, 1080p, etc. It's difficult to say, for example, which attribute should be the root directory for your videos, since it's reasonable to want to browse by many different attributes. A hierarchy does not apply to videos, but attributes could easily be represented by tags. To pick on a small part of your comment: Do any theoretical computer scientists seriously worry that a proof that P=NP would threaten cryptography? It's not like a proof would suddenly make an i7 able to factor huge numbers in polynomial time. Also, while all polynomial-time algorithms are considered "tractable" in theoretical CS, that doesn't mean that they're all practical on current hardware (nor does it claim to mean that). I suppose a proof that P=NP would still technically threaten cryptography, because if you assume that computer hardware performance increases polynomially with time you must concede that any given crypto technique will become practical to break after some amount of time. Why? Different axioms are just different, and they can't be argued logically because logic only follows from the axioms. The only arguments you can make for axioms are how useful they are and, more importantly, how well you think they reflect reality as you understand it. If one of his axioms is that not every truth has objective empirical evidence to support it, how can you formulate an argument against that? All you can say is that you don't see the world as operating that way, but you certainly can't use logic or reason to argue that he's incorrect. How do you think that makes me feel, reading that at midnight alone in my one-bedroom apartment? It's unfortunate that simple public key encryption, which has been easily available for many years, is still seen as untenable and "super-paranoid." Any email client, or better yet Gmail, could easily implement it and make it virtually transparent to the user (when both ends of the email are using such a client, obviously). The "value of money" for an individual begins to diminish quickly once it surpasses the quantity required to comfortably survive. If you make $250,000 a year, it would be reasonable to take a 2x-4x pay cut for a more satisfying job. If you make $40,000 a year that's probably not the case. The advantage of LaTeX is that is will yield CVs which look better than those from a word processor or HTML. The same is probably true of InDesign; both tools presumably focus on typographical principles (I've never used InDesign). The programming community generally likes LaTeX because of its technical workings, the fact that it's open source, and its associations with computer science (TeX was created by Donald Knuth). For comparison, my résumé (made with LaTeX, content very out of date): http://dl.dropbox.com/u/712576/thomas_shaddox_resume_old.pdf > Those forks may be best for Curtis at his dinner. Yeah, I think that's the point, since he's the author. Or are we still writing middle school essays where we have to explicitly put "I think" in front of every subjective sentence? It depends whether "disarm everyone" is meant to include exceptions government law enforcement and legitimate hunters. If so, then I do think most people (in the USA, at least) subscribe to one of those schools of though. And when humans first landed on the Moon, think of all the other people (not to mention animals) that landed elsewhere that same day! But the sensationalist media only covered the Moon landing. It's a pervasive cultural meme. How many times have you heard people talk or joke about "getting caught" or "walking in on someone" viewing porn? Have you ever been working on a friend's computer and joked about accidentally stumbling onto something embarrassing? Have you seen any of a myriad of comedy films which feature porn-related mishaps involving embarrassment? And then of course there's religion: as far as I know, all the major world religions condemn pornography. The travel bans constitute inappropriate discrimination in my opinion, but they don't imply a misunderstanding of AIDS transmission. People can travel to a country and have sex there. Won't this just encourage both parties to choose arbitrarily wide ranges, which would cause the first filter to always pass? This would just get us back to where we started, where someone has to say a number first. > Let me ask you this: say you want to check for guns and explosives before people get on an airplane. How do you do it? Do you really think that's a hard question? You just literally look for guns and explosives, and if you don't find any, there aren't any. Using a definition that simple, most people in the world are deeply sexist. I do. I think you're looking at this the wrong way. I don't think anyone involved in this thing, from da Vinci, to the modern builders, to the performer, to the audience, thinks for one iota that the purpose or destiny of this machine is to replace or diminish string musicians to any extent. I see this as an exercise in technology and history, and a celebration of what was certainly an innovative idea in da Vinci's time. Really, it makes more sense to think of the viola organista as a synthesizer or a sampler, invented centuries before the modern electric and electronic incarnations. On the more practical side, before synthesizers and samplers, this would probably have been a ground-breaking tool for composers. To be able to play and hear rough arrangements of string pieces (again, not to replace string musicians, but rather to easily hear a much closer approximation than any contemporary keyboard instrument could produce) would no doubt have been amazing for composers in that period. I can only imagine how frustrated Mike Rowe was answering those questions. It's a shame he's too tactful to scream "Maybe if you stop blaming literally everything on the political party you weren't raised as, you could spend a minute focusing on real ideas for solving problems!" > I expect that a fair portion of "We can't find qualified people!" is actually "We can't find qualified people for what we're willing to pay." Sure, but isn't that implied, since all companies have financial constraints? If you can somehow pay 10 million dollars a year for a software engineer, I'm sure you'll have a lot less trouble finding a great engineer. You're making a use-mention error. If you proposed actually committing theft/fraud ("use") at a business meeting, I think most people would question your ethics. But if you merely say the the true fact that committing theft/fraud could be lucrative ("mention"), I don't think many people would question your ethics. Of course, that would be an irrelevant and unhelpful thing to randomly say at a business meeting, but that's another matter. I've heard that a good way to gauge a person's general technological literacy is to simply ask "what happens when I type a URL in a browser and hit Enter?" Obviously, the question is deliberately open-ended, and any step in the process can be broken down into more detailed steps (up to a point). I'd like to see an article that initially shows high-level steps (e.g. DNS request, HTTP request, server processing, HTTP response, parsing and rendering), but allows each step to be expanded progressively with increasing detail. There's a saying that goes something like "Measuring the progress of developing software by lines of code is like measuring the progress of manufacturing an airplane by kilograms of mass." There still is (at least to me) a difference between specific illegal activity involving housing laws and simply any illegal activity in the apartment. Can you get evicted for, say, lying on your taxes from your apartment? And one campaign was to deny a group the legal right to marry, while the other was to kill thousands of people. Neither is particularly wholesome, but I think there is a difference in scale. > "There is no meaning of life -- and that's a great thing: it means that there's meaning in life." I find statements like this meaningless regardless of how many deities exist. I liked this one: SECONDS_PER_23_5_HOURS = 84600 I recently went through the later chapters of The Little Schemer again. I still find it incredibly challenging and awesome. As many have said, this is a great book to teach you to think recursively. http://www.ccs.neu.edu/home/matthias/BTLS/ http://www.amazon.com/The-Little-Schemer-4th-Edition/dp/0262... Biking even four miles to work isn't feasible in a lot of weather. A common one, but undeniably useful: find a type of sock you like, buy a bunch of them, then throw out or donate your old ones. Then never sort those socks again. That's exactly what I use my iPad for. It's the perfect device for frivolous web browsing, YouTube watching, Twitter/Facebook, etc. I hope they're keeping detailed statistics, like how often each player wins a point on their own serve, which opponents are the best/worst against each player, etc. I feel like it stopped being "well played" when his roommate called him out and he just lied about it. At that point, there's nothing clever moving forward, other than the fact that he can apparently lie convincingly to a friend. Maybe that's just my "prank ethics" though. What I find interesting about science fiction is how difficult it is to predict technological progress consistently across different types of technology. For example, in The Moon is a Harsh Mistress (written in 1966, set in 2075), space travel and colonization is much more advanced than it is in 2014. Artificial intelligence is also far superior. But digital electronics and computer networking are much more primitive. A portable audio recorder has only an hour or two capacity, and it transmits data by playing the audio sped up through the telephone. PCs don't appear to exist, and computer monitors and terminals are rare. There doesn't appear to be cellular phones or an equivalent. And there's no Internet. An AI system reads books with a scanner and a robotic page-turner. Still, $850 is only a little over a year of my Internet bill. I enjoy Asimov's tongue-in-cheek version: > Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. This is a great article. It's extremely thorough, and touches upon most the difficulties I've encountered in my (limited) experience coding JS on the web, as well as several I hadn't even considered. My only complaint, if it can be considered a complaint, is that the author doesn't address the real-life costs of implementing all his principles. The main one is the complexity of the server- and client-side architecture required to implement these principles, even for a minimal application like TodoMVC [0]. I agree that user experience is extremely important, and perceived speed is fundamental, but I certainly don't think it's important enough to justify the cost of figuring out how to implement all these principles, especially for a startup or other small team of developers. Of course, the hope is that tooling will quickly progress to the point that these principles come essentially for free just by following the best practices of whatever libraries/frameworks/architectures you're using. There was probably a time where the basic principles of traditional static web apps (resourceful URLs, correct caching, etc.) also looked daunting for small teams, but that's quite manageable now with Rails/Django/etc. (and maybe earlier frameworks). [0] http://todomvc.com/ I've got a slightly subtler but similar story. I had a math teacher in high school who would curve her test scores to the lowest top score from any one class. In other words, if she taught three identical 10th grade Trig classes in a semester, for each test she would take the three top scores (one from each class), and curve the test to the lowest of those three scores. It's a reasonable enough idea, I suppose, since different classes will have different questions and thus spend slightly different amounts of time on various parts of the material. The trouble was that she would not give over 100% to the people who earned a higher score on the test than the curve. Her tests were not weighted, meaning that Test-A curved to 85 points was actually worth less than Test-B curved to 90 points. (Supposedly, the then-new district-wide computer grading system couldn't handle such arithmetic complexities.) At one point, I received a score above the curve. Let's say I got 90 of 100 points, and the curve was 85. Later, when I saw my grades, I asked why I was only given an 85/85 on that test. She explained that she didn't give "extra credit," and she wouldn't budge. She would say things like "you got 100% of the points, so there's no reason to complain." I asked, then, if I could at least be given a 90/90, and she very confidently explained to me that 100% of the points on the test is the same regardless of the total number of points. She would not entertain the notion that a 90/90 is better than an 85/85, much less that a 10th grader might be able to correct an arithmetic mistake of hers. I even presented the example of changing a 100/100 assignment to 1,000,000/1,000,000 and noting the affect on the total grade, but she would have none of it. As you can probably tell, I'm still bitter about that test. This was explicitly not the case in this class. A test curved to 85 points was worth less than another test curved to 90 points. And honestly, even if each test was normalized to 100 points after the curve, I would still object (on ethical grounds, not mathematical) to not being given >100% when the test is curved to below my score. I find it difficult to believe that you truly have no preference between being burglarized and not being burglarized. I wonder if they had to make such an apologetic statement as well. FYI, that's just a trail name. It's a common thing for hikers to choose (or be given) a silly trail name. It isn't a specific personality quirk. > Judge Forrest told Mr. Urlbricht that “what you did in connection with Silk Road was terribly destructive to our social fabric.” That's one of the most ridiculous claims I have seen in a while. This isn't just about the effects of addictive drugs. I think most people agree they can be devastating to people and families. The trouble is that you seem to be suggesting that US drug policy in any way helps people and families affected by addictive drugs. I can't look at the war on drugs and see any remotely feasible interpretation where it's helping people affected by addictive drugs. Don't confuse the desire to not see ads with a feeling of entitlement. I fully support a website operator's right to detect that I am blocking ads and hide the content, or to make unblockable ads. I don't feel entitled to their resources. But if they do show content I'm interested in, I'll consume it. It's not at all a feeling of entitlement. It's pretty good. I'd rather not have a JS snippet tracking me at all, regardless of which domain it's on. I find recursion extremely intuitive, if not necessary, for pretty much any data structure with a bunch of things ("nodes") pointing to other things. That includes, most notably, linked lists and trees. I can probably work up recursive pseudocode for tree traversals pretty easily, despite not having studied computer science or doing it at work for several years, yet I find an iterative solution somewhat elusive and unnatural. Trees don't always call themselves "trees." They can sneak up on you. Nested lists, for instance, are equivalent to trees, and nested lists show up all the time. Perhaps your programming languages has some sort of recursive map function builtin, but a lot of common languages don't, and it really helps to be able to intuitively think about recursive traversal. I also consider the Fibonacci sequence as one of the textbook examples of a recursive problem. Even the English description of the sequence ("each new number is the sum of the last two numbers") is plainly recursive. To explain the iterative solution in English is rather difficult. Sorry, I just can't buy into the dripping sarcasm of emphasizing that it's only a forum. Yeah, it's a forum. Forums are big software applications. It's not unreasonable to distribute the forum backend with Docker. > I was forever stuck in a limbo of being just a "developer" while being paid as much as an executive but being excluded from every executive meeting and not even being involved in hiring for the team that would maintain the software I wrote on which the entire company depended. In other words, my dream job. Empirically, that's probably true, but probably only because functional programming is usually more popular with fiddlers and academics than with get-shit-done developers, so there's simply less time spent on improving developer experience. I can't think of any inherent reason why functional languages would have worse error messages. Elm prides itself in its (compiler) error messages, for instance: http://elm-lang.org/blog/compilers-as-assistants When you have a "nuh uh, YOU'RE the one that's fake" situation between two apparently reputable news sources, on a topic with which you have no personal experience or expertise, how are you supposed to figure out which ones are fake? The instances of so-called "fake news" that I have seen are quite easy for me to "verify" as fake with relative confidence: it's generally an explicitly partisan source with a shady-looking website making an outlandish claim that is not corroborated by any traditional news outlet. The situation you've just described sounds much more difficult for me to verify. Your description of the groups is oversimplifying things and isn't a very "fundamental" dichotomy at all. The key phrase is "silencing someone." There is a continuum of power that a private individual or corporation or government can have to "silence" someone. At one end of the continuum is an individual hanging up the phone when they decide they've heard enough from whoever called them. I think most of us would agree that this doesn't violate the principles of free speech, even if the caller was expressing valid ideas. At the other end of the continuum is a government imprisoning someone for their speech. I think most of us would agree that this violates the principles (and laws) of free speech, except in certain circumstances (e.g. falsely shouting "fire" in a crowded theatre). But there are cases in the middle of the continuum where things aren't so clear. If I run a small blog with occasional guest writers, a lot of us would probably agree that I can choose at will which content I publish without violating the principles of free speech. But what if my blog has millions of viewers? What if it has become more of a "news site" or "forum" than a "blog?" What if it's the largest such site in the world, and the only one with significant market share? Perhaps then many of us would accuse me of violating the principles of free speech, since I have significant power to "silence" certain people or ideas. No, Twitter is your neighbor's printing press. Your neighbor doesn't have to let you use it. I wouldn't call my previous comment particularly libertarian, although some of the claims seem to overlap with libertarianism as I understand it. Most of my comment is descriptive rather than prescriptive. I certainly think you're looking into my comment and find things I didn't say or imply, like the "private entities filling in gaps without restrictions" part. Really, what I'm saying is that there are two ends of the continuum that look pretty obvious and which I suspect the vast majority of people would agree with, but within the continuum things get less clear are offer more room for disagreement. From that essay: > 100% of the top 20 YC companies by valuation have the .com of their name. 94% of the top 50 do. But only 66% of companies in the current batch have the .com of their name. Which suggests there are lessons ahead for most of the rest, one way or another. To me it suggests that having high valuations may be the cause of having the .com domain. A more useful analysis would be when companies that are now successful got their domains. You probably haven't looked that hard. Somalia case studies are ubiquitous in libertarian (anarchist-leaning) circles. The general claim seems to be that, yeah, stateless Somalia is way worse than high-functioning governments like the United States, but better than its neighbor states and better than it was before it became stateless. Leeson's article is probably the best on the topic: http://www.peterleeson.com/Better_Off_Stateless.pdf Ruby on Rails easily supports arbitrarily nested resourceful routes, but they strongly (and wisely, in my experience) advise against precisely this type of deep nesting. http://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html#nested-resources http://weblog.jamisbuck.org/2007/2/5/nesting-resources > If there was a benefit to breaking down a file rather than replicating it, AWS would be using this efficiency to provide a better service. Are you suggesting that AWS is doing every possible thing that would increase efficiency, or in other words, that AWS' services are optimally efficient? That seems very unlikely. > I don't believe that businesses should be allowed to discriminate against anyone who is behaving in a lawful manner. This principle doesn't seem very robust. Can a bar refuse entry to children? Can a cinema kick someone out for talking during a movie? Can a dance club have a dress code? I agree. Those examples have nothing to do with learning a new template syntax, it's simply the API of React.Component. Granted, there is still some syntax you need to learn for JSX, but it's very little. If you already know HTML's syntax, the only new things I can think of are the curly braces for using JS expressions as prop values (you also need to know what a JS expression is, lest you try to use an if statement), and spread attributes. Good point. I didn't realize that the native DOM properties are also called "className" and "htmlFor". My point still applies though, that this isn't a JSX syntax issue, your point is that it's also not even a JSX-specific semantics issue. If you can automatically detect sentences where adding "Could you" would make the author sound more tactful, then why not just mentally add them and assume that the author intended to sound that tactful? This is a slight modification of the principle of charity, something I think is incredibly important and underemphasized, especially for online text communication. On the first try? I would hope that hardware manufacturers don't take the engineers' first attempt and immediately go into mass production. I think it's clear that the author is simply referring to the odds of finding this program by trying random programs one after the other, not making any philosophical claims about whether the Universe is deterministic. > How is this any different from people who argue "That's corruption, not socialism"? It’s not at all different. In fact, state socialism and state capitalism are extremely similar systems. Surely most creators of SPAs are using some routing library, and I’m not aware of any routing libraries that don’t handle this anchor tag click behavior by default. It’s really a trivial amount of “responsibility” to take on. > In the meantime it's possible to insert emoji into text as :), smiley, -smiley-, smiley.jpg, ::smiley:: or whatever you want and the system you use is free to change it into a pictur Sure. It’s also possible to encode any non-ASCII text as ASCII as ::yen-sign:: or ::em-dash:: or ::cyrillic-capital-letter-schwa:: and implement your own algorithm to replace them with their intended symbols. We just happen to have one fairly widely agreed upon standard for doing that, and it’s Unicode. I don’t know anything about chemistry beyond high school (US public school) but presumably helium is the smallest single-atom molecule you’ll encounter if hydrogen is off the table. Yes. The argument is logically equivalent to "nothing can ever happen for the first time." I still don’t quite understand your argument. Is it that the vaccine’s side effects will be more harmful that its benefits when applied broadly to a population? It’s presented as an absolute logical argument of the form “you can’t use a lens to make anything hotter than the average surface of the moon.” > Although shades of Heinlein’s true political leanings – libertarian in the classic sense – ... Interesting phrase there. I would say his views are liberal in the classic sense, as in classical liberalism. I don’t think the term “classical libertarianism” is commonly used, but if anything it ought to refer to left libertarianism, a quite different thing. I don’t know anything about this particular case, but it is certainly possible to be a Nazi while claiming to be anti-Nazi. Yes, I won’t make any claim whether or not this guy is a Nazi. I have no idea. > It would be interesting if Trump suddenly announced support for single payer Medicare for all. Republicans would think it's the best thing ever and Democrats would suddenly be against it... I think you’ve got this wrong. I think that in most cases partisanship and hero worship is a lot stronger than support for specific policies. I think you’d find that people wouldn’t change their stated views on single-payer, they’d just reframe the situation so that they can continue to love/hate Trump and blame the other side for everything they don’t like. Look at bump stocks. I know staunch Trump supporters who have bump stocks and strongly oppose almost any form of gun control. Does Trump’s bump stock ban make them like Trump a little less? Perhaps. But it certainly doesn’t change their political affiliation in any measurable way. Same goes for those who oppose Trump. I’m sure they agree that the bump stock ban is nice, but do you think they’re suddenly “coming around” on Trump? I doubt it. Well, yeah, flat Earth is explicitly about Earth being a special privileged spot in the Universe. I used to follow libertarian (the American propertarian kind) communities online, and one of the recurring challenges to libertarians is "but who will build the roads if government doesn't?" Of course, libertarians have all sorts of detailed responses to this challenge. Now that I don't really follow or align with libertarianism any more, my response is simple: if government subsidized roads less, there would probably just be fewer roads, and that would probably be a really good thing. I’ll venture to say that “standards of living” are largely subjective, beyond some basics like access to food and shelter from the elements. Nothing wrong with wanting a big house with a big yard. Nothing wrong with wanting a tiny house or living in a van. That’s a great way to have even more competing libraries. https://xkcd.com/927/ I don’t know. I remember reading a thought experiment years ago which I believe was presented by and to libertarians. If you were a German who found yourself conscripted into the Nazi military during World War 2 and assigned to an extermination camp, should you aspire to kill as few people as possible without getting fired? The supposed reasoning being that you are “saving” lives, since if you were fired and replaced, your replacement would likely kill even more people. I suppose it’s supposed to be a challenge to consequentialism or the claim that the ends justify the means. Personally I think it’s a bit silly, and you just shouldn’t murder people. Do you have a blog post or something that goes into detail about your routine? It sounds interesting. Nor will anything else, I reckon. > They believe, wrongly in my opinion, that vaccines cause other medical problems serious enough to justify not using vaccines. To me, that's legitimate dissent. I don't get it. How is this any more legitimate than actually being a Luddite and saying "technology and modern medicine is bad"? Would you say that racism and bigotry against minorities becomes legitimate if it's phrased as "this minority group will give you a disease if you let them near you"? Because that's actually a pretty classic feature of racist propaganda. > 1) I doubt that an average user scrolling through gofundme would see and decide to support such a campaign, I'd imagine most of the funding comes from the links being directly shared That's probably true, although I really don't know why it's particularly relevant. GoFundMe probably doesn't want people funding anti-vaccine campaigns regardless of how they arrived at the web page. > 2) The above makes me think such campaigns will simply move to a GoFundMe competitor and be equally (un?)successful, effectively nullifying any changes How does that nullify any changes? There are a finite number of crowdfunding platforms, and this reduces the number by one. And of course, this is a particularly large and prominent one. > 3) Gives more attention + victim points to anti vaxxers I don't really buy the "don't give them what they want" argument. If they really do want press about how harmful their practices are and how children are dying because of their campaigns, well okay, I'm fine with giving them this desire. I think that they should be "victims" of de-platforming, even if that's what they want. It's theoretically possible to get the Streisand effect, where their platform is increased , but I highly doubt that's likely when you remove them from huge platforms with massive market share, like YouTube or GoFundMe. > 4) If their discourse is further pushed out of mainstream platforms, does it actually reduce the spread of their ideas or just limit their exposure to counter-arguments and public condemnation? There are probably some anti-vaccers who are genuinely mislead, but the prominent voices in the movement almost certainly are aware of the invalidity of their claims. I don't think we have any lack of exposure to pro-vaccine arguments. How is the eyeglass thing remotely relevant? People wear jewelry because it’s fashionable as well. The sentence is probably using “socialism” to refer specifically to social democracy (capitalism with strong state interventions to regulate firms and provide welfare) rather than the broader historical definition (social ownership of the means of production). Yeah, "extremely possible" is perhaps a poor choice of words, and could be interpreted uncharitably as a hedge against any outcome, but I think there's an obvious charitable interpretation too: that things that have a 20% chance of occurring turn out to occur around 20% of the time. No one would be blown away by surprise if I proclaimed "SIX!" then rolled a six-sided die and got a six, but that's even less likely than 20%. So it's reasonable to say that, if 538 claims that an event has a 20% probability of happening, and that event happens, no one should be astonished. Of course, such events ought to happen about 20% of the time, if 538's models are good. And that evaluation is precisely what 538 published a few days ago: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/checking-our-work/ If you have a surviving birth certificate, there's no reason it's not also very feasible to have a surviving immunization record. In my case, when I moved out of the house after high school my mom sent me with a photocopy of the original (handwritten) booklet. I still have the photocopy, along with additional records for vaccines I've gotten since then. This does remind me that I should digitize them. It would make sense that secretive military aviation projects would purposefully fly near unsecretive unsuspecting military aircraft to determine how detectable they are. It also makes sense that the military would publicly embrace the UFO narrative as a way to continue concealing their secretive projects. Or how about performing an action on the World Wide Web by clicking a button? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1-Click See also: most long-form journalism. I don’t think it’s quite as simple as you say. This isn’t something like “my childhood was tough, therefore I want everyone’s childhood to be tough.” Just because someone has paid off their college debts does not mean that the effects of that debt have ended. Obviously the effects of that opportunity cost still exist. That money could have been spent on other things, like a mortgage. So the idea of forgiving all current student loan debt without any consideration of people who are still living with the effects of their previous student loan debt is pretty crude, and I think there’s a strong argument for calling it blatantly unfair. I don’t dislike this challenge, and I don’t dislike code golf. What I don’t understand is the notion that compressing a 100MB Wikipedia file somehow requires an “intelligent” compression algorithm. If the challenge was to be able to compress any English text down to a certain ratio, then perhaps making the algorithm behave “intelligently” would be a requirement. But as far as I can tell, this challenge is asking for a lossless reproduction of one specific chunk of data, so it seems to me that we just have to hope that, on a given platform, there exists a 15MB executable that outputs that exact chunk of data. One might exist, but one might not. And you probably won’t even be able to prove the latter, because of the halting problem (technically it doesn’t apply with a computer with finite memory, but in practice no one will wait long enough). But would you expect that program to itself be useful for anything else? It literally just takes no input and outputs that one specific Wikipedia dump. It’s not like I can tweak it slightly and have it output new predictions of things that sound like Wikipedia articles. Unless the idea is that whatever methodology is required to build this particular program could then be adapted to do other things that seem intelligent. That seems possible, but not at all likely given my reading of the challenge requirements. Just to note, "libertarian literature" is a very broad phrase, and there is certainly plenty of reasonably prominent literature from both the left and the right that describes itself as "libertarian" and would also oppose the idea of centralized state law enforcement and justice systems. On the right you've got some varieties of anarcho-capitalism that support systems of polycentric law that emerge from markets for law enforcement and criminal justice. On the left you've got anarchist movements like anarcho-syndicalism which propose a decentralized or federated system of social institutions that would be determined by direct action and direct democracy. I'm not attempting to prescribe a definition or usage of any terms. I'm simply describing a very common way in this these terms are already being used, and pointing out that your usage should probably be further clarified. If you wish to use "libertarian" to refer to something very specific, like perhaps the Libertarian Party in the USA, you're free to do so. I just think you should make that clarification, because people will understandably be confused by an unqualified usage of the term "libertarian." It is a term that is used very broadly by many different groups. I also made no claims regarding the viability or merits of any of the viewpoints I was describing. That's not a conversation I'm interested in having in this context. Huh? It would certainly be "adjudicating the acquisition of cars," which would be the better analogy. Some acquisitions of cars are legal (like when you buy a car), and some are illegal (like if you steal a car). I pretty much always start typing SQL queries with “SELECT *” because I know I’ll come back and figure that part out later. It’s similar to how I write Python list comprehensions. I almost always type “x for x in” from muscle memory, then get the collection part at the end correct, then go back and fix the beginning. My brain just won’t think in the other direction. > Let's start with a test: Do you have any opinions that you would be reluctant to express in front of a group of your peers? > If the answer is no, you might want to stop and think about that. If everything you believe is something you're supposed to believe, could that possibly be a coincidence? Odds are it isn't. Odds are you just think what you're told. I’ve never quite understood this argument, because it seems to imply that people’s beliefs are or should be a random, unpredictable process, and that any regularity in the data should be treated with apprehension. But if beliefs are not in fact random, but can be guided by some common forces, then it wouldn’t be strange to expect people’s beliefs to in some cases largely converge. Should I “stop and think about” the fact that I oppose murder, even though my parents and all my friends and even most of my “enemies” hold that same belief?” Of course not. To clarify, this isn’t just a cynical comment. It’s actually why digital content producers use DRM. Generally speaking, they’re not idiots, they know it will have little effect on determined pirates and will cause some hassle for some legitimate customers. The point really is so that the digital content producers can maintain control over the providers of computer hardware and distribution channels. Here’s an old article claiming to be a big revelation, but it’s pretty much common sense and has been fairly well recognized for much longer than that: https://www.zdnet.com/article/google-engineer-drm-has-nothin... When people say “homeless are everywhere” regarding SF, they’re probably referring to the extremely troubled people who are conspicuously doing drugs or screaming incoherently on the streets. I don’t think those people would suddenly be fine if only the SF apartments were $500 a month instead of $3000. Of course, there are a lot more homeless people in SF than the very conspicuously unwell people I mentioned. There are also probably larger scale effects that together contribute to high rents, high income inequality, drug abuse, lack of medical care, etc. But there’s a lot more to say than that SF’s homeless problem is because rent is too high. Then what is the point in asking if a machine “understands” English and Chinese? It sounds like the question would be either completely untestable, or the answer would just be “no” by definition because we’re defining “understanding” to be “based on human mental activity.” It just doesn’t seem like a useful question if the answer can not be determined by a test such as the Chinese room thought experiment. The subtitle of the article is "Wealth naturally trickles up in free-market economies, model suggests." "Free-market economies" might not mean exactly the same thing as "capitalism," but it's pretty close, and it's pretty clear that the article is discussing the current world as it is. Heck, it might be doable to just lay the power cable in a permanent route on the ground and use electricity to propel the craft along that route! You wouldn't even need wings! No, Facebook should not allow someone to run an ad promoting genocide. They should not wait for the issue to go to court. Exactly. The fact that some procedure may be a really good idea doesn’t mean it should be a prerequisite for some unrelated thing that is also important. You shouldn’t have to get a yearly physical to be able to register to vote. I don't know about people getting fired for saying that, but it's probably not a true or reasonable thing to say. Consider that, to the extent that there may be a pipeline problem, one significant cause of it may be the conditions of work in your industry. > The problem is the process of going for the lowest bidder, or one of the lowest. The phrase "lowest bidder" gets a lot of mileage in jokes and social commentary, but I'm pretty sure that the original idea is "the lowest bidder who fulfills the requirements of the contract." In that context it's a pretty obvious process, not something to be feared or mocked. The contract should be "build X to exactly these specifications," and of course the contract should be given to the lowest bidder who can reasonably be expected to fulfill the contract. In this case, the contractor is clearly unable (or unwilling, or unincentivized) to fulfill the contract, and thus the contractor's bid should be irrelevant. The contractor should not even be considered. After all, if it's fine to not fulfill the terms of the contract, then I'm confident I could submit an even lower bid. I don't think they should work for free. I'm not under the impression that they do work for free, or that blocking ads or paywalls will cause them to work for free. On some occasions I would love to have articles about open source projects that are written in the high quality and non-point-of-view tone that Wikipedia encourages. A project's own API docs are obviously going to be a better source for, well, the API, but a blunt description of what a project is is something Wikipedia can definitely provide, and I don't see why they don't. I certainly use Wikipedia to understand what various companies are. There are companies whose own websites seem deliberately designed to obfuscate what the company is. I don't see why Wikipedia couldn't provide the same benefit for open source projects. Is there evidence to suggest that the US government will not suppress speech that they deem to be a threat to their power? There was rampant blatant suppression of supposedly communist-friendly speech in the 1950s and 1960s. Does anyone think this has significantly changed? For a more recent example, see how the US government handled the leaking of its diplomatic cables, something which (unlike late night comedy) actually threatens the reputation of the US government. Okay, it may very well be true that one particular serverless product is very expensive or overly complex. That’s a fine argument to make. But that has nothing to do with whether the term “serverless” has a well-established meaning. It’s not just a buzzword, or at least it’s not always used as a buzzword and does in fact have a straightforward meaning. If I don’t like serverless products, or I think people need to be aware of problems they might face, I should just make those arguments. I should not just say “I still don’t know what serverless means” or “serverless is just a buzzword.” I think we'll find that distinguishing between "children's content" and "family-friendly content" is difficult not just for YouTube's algorithms but for humans as well. I suspect we'll see even more channels get hit by this simply because they're not identifiably "adult" in any way. > This guy's Twitter thread doesn't seem like a great defense, because he doesn't make any specific scientific claims. No one is hiding scientific claims about climate change. It wouldn't be difficult to list scientific claims, but that's not his point. He is complaining that this organization is misrepresenting itself and the nature of its event in order to trick people into attending or appearing to support something they do not actually support. He doesn't claim that climate deniers' arguments are incorrect because of something about their character or motives (that would be an ad hominem attack). He just doesn't want people to be deceived regarding this organization and its conference. > More troubling is his claim that they are "weaponizing" reproducibility against climate change. Doesn't that raise a red flag? No. Why should it raise a red flag? People can invoke the name of true and important criticisms in the defense of beliefs that are incorrect or harmful. > I'm kind of a believer that people can think for themselves. Let anybody attend anything - if it's a science convention that isn't promoting science it seems like it's not going to get very far, no protesting required. It seems like this person would agree with you: and that's why he has made an effort to inform people that (in his view) this conference is not promoting science. Moreover, how is this so-called "cancel culture" incompatible with people thinking for themselves? This person can write criticisms about an organization in a Twitter thread. Someone from that organization can write a WSJ article in response. People can and do choose what to believe. This Twitter poster (presumably) does not have the ability to unilaterally cancel anything, nor is there some cultural rule that if his tweets get a certain number of likes then the target of his criticism automatically gets cancelled. I haven't played with Elm, but my experience with ReasonML matches yours. I made some small but non-trivial side projects to learn ReasonML and TypeScript, and not only is ReasonML's type system vastly more satisfying, I actually found it much easier to learn (coming from JavaScript) than TypeScript is! https://reasonml.github.io/ It’s clearly not clear to Jacob, since he eventually says “I am afraid you will only demo MITM attack on the traffic.” I mean, I was going to point out that that sentence massively compromises the validity of the author's argument, because I've been in companies with more than five employees for which this was definitely not a core security requirement. It's one thing to say that some feature is actually adopted as a security requirement at many companies and that SaaS vendors who don't offer that feature will lose out on those companies as customers. It's another thing to say that SaaS vendors are failing to meet a massive market requirement, and that companies on the other side of that market are also failing to "realize" and adopt that requirement. In other words, unless I saw evidence that a larger portion of 6-person companies demanded this feature, it seems reasonable to assume that the market simply doesn't want this feature, and SaaS vendors aren't doing anything particularly stupid by not offering the feature. > The problem here is that there are real people who depend on the security of their messages who would be taking unreasonable risks in trying to get an encrypted email workflow going. But how do you decide who is taking unreasonable risks? Surely there are also some people who would be taking unreasonable risks communicating via any means other than a one-time pad exchanged in person! And yet I suspect most security professionals will say that in most use cases the ergonomic disadvantages of one-time pad make it not worth the added security. Which is the exact same form of argument you said is problematic regarding secure messaging services. https://www.cdc.gov/flu/prevent/vaccine-selection.htm Seems pretty straightforward. They look at which strains people have been testing positive for and how successful the previous vaccines were. I mean, it's no secret that foreign banks absolutely did help Nazi Germany in many ways, including transacting assets seized from Jews in Germany. We also have no shortage of stories about large transaction companies like PayPal closing or freezing people's accounts due to unspecified (but apparently political) reasons. I wouldn't say "GTFO" quite yet. Not without some more explanation for why you think it's so improbable. It’s very close to “almost no testing ability” if you want to routinely test people who don’t have symptoms so that people can actually leave their homes sometime before a vaccine. Suppose I’m not familiar with him or am not convinced he’s a megalomaniac. I know this is taken as gospel around here, but what evidence would you present to convince me of that claim? Is it just that he wrote a book about ideas he thinks are very important and interesting? Recoil allows you to create atoms and selectors in loops without having to add an entire new Context.Provider component to the root of the React component tree, which would obviously not be viable since the entire tree would need to be torn down each time. If you have a lot of pieces of data in one React context, every component that uses any little piece of that data will re-render whenever any part of the data changes. Friction is a very high-level thermodynamic concept, and I certainly think that fluid friction is effectively the same concept as viscosity. Where do you draw the line between "marketplace" and "retail store?" For the NYSE it seems fairly clear, but in retail it seems less so. Nearly every widespread retail store I know of either sells primary a multitude of other company's products but also has some store brand options, or primarily sells their own branded items but also sells other company's products in areas where they don't have a first-party offering. I’m not too familiar with Gab, but are you implying that Twitter is exclusively a platform for left wing mobs? If so, you are mistaken, and this coarse impression of what Twitter is should not be projected onto every single tweet. It’s bizarrely contradictory to use democracy to decrease the accountability of elected officials, because no matter how bad the supposedly democratic government is, you can always just say it’s the public’s fault for not voting good enough or hard enough. On the contrary, I think if a government claims to be democratic, then they are accountable for aligning their policies and outcomes with what the public wants. A democratic government should be actually accountable to the public. I don’t know about 7zip specifically, but the iPad Pro seems to beat even some MacBook Pros on some benchmarks. https://www.macrumors.com/2020/05/12/ipad-pro-vs-macbook-air... > and it certainly doesn't follow that nobody is harmed by any permissive migration scheme. Speaking of extremely narrow claims, of course this isn’t the case. Most policies do not have the goal that no one is harmed. As the most obvious example: criminals are harmed by laws which punish crime. Even minor loosening of restrictions to immigration might at least temporarily harm people whose jobs involve deporting immigrants or filing difficult immigration paperwork. Wanting your nation to compete well to attract talent is not exactly zero-sum thinking. Sure, you could consider each individual’s choice of where to deploy their talent as a zero-sum choice, since they can only directly choose one location at a time, but 1) even individual contributions can benefit the world and 2) a healthy competition for talent among nations can itself benefit the world. > If you add fifty million more people to the U.S.: how many people will Google need to hire to deal with the extra demand? Zero. I highly doubt that’s true. 50 million new employed people would almost certainly create enough economic activity that would directly or indirectly lead to increased activity on some a google service that would cause them to hire more people. > This might be a shock to most people in the western world, but if you go on almost ANY news website in china, the headline news is dedicated to government propaganda. Those people would be even more shocked by the extent to which this is true in the western world as well. Just to be clear, Molyneux had long been an anarcho-capitalist, which is already an extreme take on free market economics. I wouldn’t look too far into it, and I certainly wouldn’t conclude that white nationalism is the logical conclusion of thinking that free markets have their place in society. I suppose that's valid. This is the first time I had heard that DDG has a browser too, and I was just assuming that anyone who would use the browser probably also uses the search engine, which they obviously have to trust when they send search queries to it. If it's the case that some people are flying that flag who genuinely do not know the recent history of it (it was introduced in the late 1940s by the Dixiecrat party to symbolize their opposition to integration and the civil rights movement), then informing them of that history would surely cause them to immediately take it down. One could even argue that it's at best negligent to fly a flag without knowing the most basic history of its symbolism, but if that's really what's going on, then surely it wouldn't be hard to educate all these people who are unintentionally flying the flag. I just don't really buy it. I imagine those people back then were also complaining about how the kids these days don't care enough to communicate properly. https://xkcd.com/1227/ It seems to me that the level of "privateness" of the information is relevant. Obviously just saying the real name of a famous person who goes by a pseudonym is not considered doxxing. This article claims that his full name "can be ascertained with minimal investigation," and Scott's own blog deletion announcement seemed to agree. Where precisely to draw that line is an area where we can reasonably disagree. Some of the previous anniversary links are 404s. :) Three years ago I interviewed in house (after several hours of phone screens) at an SF tech company that has since gone public. The position was for a senior software engineer doing mostly backend Rails stuff. The biggest portion of the in-house interview was some fairly simple algorithm puzzle involving solving some word game given some rules and a list of valid English words. That section of the interview ended with me explaining how hash table lookups are constant time and the interviewer insisting that they are linear time. To be clear, there was no “gotcha” about collision resolution or anything subtle like that. My claim just came up as an obvious step in my explanation of the running time of my proposed solution and the interviewer jumped on it. I thought I was quite cordial, but I didn’t back down, and the interviewer seemed quite aggressive. The other interviewer in the room at the time seemed very uncomfortable with the fact that I would question something so basic, but didn’t intervene or express any “opinion” on the “debate.” I was rejected due to insufficient experience. :) But it didn’t sound like the job was for algorithm recital performances. Even within Twitter there will be a vast difference. If a liberal quotes a conservative tweet in disapproval you will see replies from liberals also expressing disapproval. But if another conservative quotes the same tweet in approval, you’ll see a bunch of conservatives replying in approval. It would be incorrect to conclude either “everyone realized that tweet was terrible” and “everyone agreed with that tweet.” This probably works fine for a simple leaf component like this, but this won’t compose well either, right? If every render completely overrides innerHTML then won’t all DOM state of child components get wiped? My understand is that this is a primary reason for e.g. React’s virtual DOM. > In essence, the opinions of your opponents and enemies are just as valid as your opinions I think that this is not true and that society and individuals can and should reserve the right to suppress intolerant ideologies. > many conservatives were once liberals, while the reverse is typically not true. Is there any data to support that claim? It’s the opposite of my own personal anecdata. It’s really remarkable for one’s takeaway from the Nazis to be that accusations of racism might be false. Could it perhaps also be that because suicide is such a taboo subject, suicides are widely underreported? > The rise, expansion and collapse of empires is very necessary for the development and testing of human organizational models. Which attributes are being tested, other than the ability of a society to expand and conquer or destroy other societies? > Here the key question here is: what sort of things should you expect to have already seen, if they were really there? On the one hand, we clearly have seen enough to safely conclude that there aren’t large dinosaurs roaming the streets in our major city centers. On the other hand, we often hear reports of people uncovering old things that others had confidently predicted would never be found. Which makes many suspect widespread overconfidence in claims about what we know can’t be there, because if so we would have seen them already. This wording is very reminiscent of a lot of writing from conspiracy theorists. It starts with a very plausible claim that experts are sometimes overconfident in a mainstream belief about topic X, but then immediately leaps to the conclusion that we can therefore make up any claim whatsoever about topic X and it ought to be treated just as seriously as mainstream beliefs held by experts. You see this all the time in government/political conspiracy theories. Yes, we have in the past uncovered real substantial government conspiracies and attempted cover-ups. But that doesn't mean that any claim whatsoever about a government conspiracy is true or should be treated "with the same priors" as any other claim. Likewise, the fact that some experts have been wrong about what artifacts they expected to find in a certain archaeological dig does not mean that all claims about human history should be treated with the same level of seriousness. The fact that sometimes evidence is hidden (either deliberately, or due to lack of resources, or due to misguided research, etc.) does not support any arbitrary claim made without evidence of its own. Does everyone agree on what murder is? Of course not. Does that mean murder should be legal? The exact same thing happens for me on YouTube, although I guess YouTube doesn't start with an auto-playing random sequence of videos to quick-start the search for videos you find interesting. Still though, I end up in very odd niches that I never specifically searched for. I think the only reason it's confusing now is that the new iPad Pro looks virtually identical to the smaller iPad Pro. The form factor, display size and resolution, and weight are essentially identical. The key differences are that the Pro has LiDAR, an additional ultrawide camera, a 120 Hz display, FaceID, and larger storage options, while the new Air has a new (and potentially faster) chip and TouchID built into the power button. The chip generation offset isn't all that uncommon for similar Apple product lines with staggered releases, and in this case both chips are staggeringly fast and are very unlikely to be a bottleneck for iPad workloads! > With proper engineering and maintenance, PG&E could probably reduce the frequency of fires significantly, but there's always going to be a non-zero risk of fire, both from power lines and other sources, and it seems basically inevitable that one of them would have started another fire at some point. I don’t understand. You’re conceding that if PG&E were a competent and responsible company they could significantly reduce the rate of fires. The fact that some fires might still happen doesn’t mean that 10 fires aren’t better than 1,000 fires. It's probably true that generally rich kids could go to school pretty much anywhere and be okay, and that non-rich kids can have their lives transformed for the better by going to a reputable school. But isn't the latter due to the fact that people with power associate reputable schools with elite social status? Presumably if rich kids stopped going to a reputable school, it wouldn't take long for that school's reputation to diminish, even if the actual merit's of the education provided by the school didn't change. It's not crazy to have a device-independent presentational document that also contains enough data to enable some device-dependent rendering of its text and media contents. In the United States, 100,000 people died in the 1968 flu season, and the US population was about 200 million. There have been 200,000 COVID-19 deaths, and the US population is 328 million. What are the "items" in this analogy? Music instruction channels on YouTube know that this may technically be true but simply does not matter. Rick Beato's channel has several rants about this, and here's one of them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqvuEal2P2E Apparently you can have YouTube videos blocked or demonetized for even mentioning the name of a song from some very famous artists who have very active legal teams. But that none of that matters, because YouTube will still block or demonetize your videos even when you were clearly covered by fair use. I suspect that demonetization or blocking isn't an issue for corporate training videos. YouTube probably works fine for them. > I don't know how a person could cope with being told that even once, much less a thousand times. I suppose the good news is that it's like the first time every time. That's absolutely not true. Developers can and often do have a hostile relationship with consumers who use their software. The most obvious example of this is malware developers. Operating systems and software distribution platforms often have rules to prevent malware. That's clearly a restriction on developers but (if done well) it means better apps for consumers. I think the same can be said for less obvious cases, like adware, tracking, shady free trial or subscription plans, bait and switch pricing in e-commerce, and many other antipatterns or dark patterns. Many people's livelihood is malware development, probably including many people who think it's unethical and would prefer to have another livelihood if there was an option. I genuinely feel bad for those people, but I still think blocking malware is the right decision for an OS or software distribution platform. > The iPhone is not a modular unit that can be tampered with at all, but despite even being a software developer, I do not actually care about my phone being modular. I want it to work and I want it to work well across the entire platform. I'm precisely in this boat. I enjoy playing with electronics, but I want my microwave to just work. I also enjoy fiddling around with PCs with total freedom, but I want my phone to just work. Haha yes, I used to do all the WRT54G stuff and tended to have bugs and an overheated router. I also used to tinker a bunch with jailbroken iPhones and rooted Android phones. I'll never have anything against that, but now I personally want an option that just works! Yes, once you've eliminated the taste of the vegetable you can start experimenting with lots of things that taste good! Is the flavor of grapefruit primarily bitterness? I guess that does sound right, but it was initially surprising to me, because I cannot stand grapefruit, but I very much enjoy all manner of strong coffee and bitter beers like IPAs. I would suppose that dehumanizing effects are intended and are in fact necessary in a system where someone decides that someone else will be killed. I don’t think that apps on iPhones stop working just because the app was removed from from the store. You wouldn’t be able to get the app on a new phone, of course, but the old installed app should keep working. The comment might have been thinking of remotely-triggered app removal, which I believe is a rarely used function. There are plenty of toy drones with cameras and no location awareness. I’m pretty sure that functionality is not legally required, but is just enabled by drone manufacturers who don’t want their products causing trouble. And I believe anything under 8 ounces doesn’t even need to be registered with the FAA, and it’s likely that this little drone camera is under that. Another way of looking at it is that no matter how beautifully you describe American car culture or how much you romanticize it, it has immense externalities. The externalities don’t depend on how much people enjoy using cars however they please. It sounds like it was the specific text of the review that led to the arrest. It doesn’t sound like all 1-star reviews would qualify as defamation. Of course it’s possible in any country to post certain text that is illegal. Fraud, threats of violence, and defamation are three obvious examples that are probably illegal to post online in nearly every country. I’m not sure why Google would need to post a specific warning about this. I’m not sure why you’re asking that. Clearly when we’re just sheep in God’s flock or God’s children (both common wording in Judeo-Christian scripture) you have less responsibility than self-determining agents. I think “unrelated market” is a tough sell for this case. The two markets are “selling things” and...”selling things.” They’re pretty closely related. Right, but "selling basically any physical shippable goods" has long the primary business of Amazon.com. I've always been in the "I don't get it" boat with DDG bang operators. When I last tried switching it to my default search engine, I felt like any time I needed to search DDG for "!{bang} {query}" I could have just searched Google for "{query}" and gotten the result I was looking for. In many cases, Google will give even better results for siteX than siteX's own search, because Google is likely to correct for things like common spelling errors or word substitutions. Granted, I haven't given DDG an earnest try in a couple of years, so the DDG non-bang search results may have gotten better, but the fact that their bangs are still heavily touted as a killer feature doesn't give me much faith. On Google I just search for "define wordtodefine" (which isn't must longer and might even be faster to type) or even just "wordtodefine" (Google seems to be pretty good at knowing whether a single-word search is likely to be looking for the definition). The internet isn’t exactly new in this regard. You could just as easily ask things like “what is it like to be European society?” So, no firm that makes things would be able to...sell things? That doesn’t sound very viable. > Is any sort of government intervention considered "nanny state"? Yes, generally the term is only used by people mocking any suggestion that the government should regulate anything. Mask requirements during a pandemic, laws against drunk driving, laws about how restaurants need to handle raw meat, etc. Wanting to separate engineering work from reality is precisely what Barrin92 is saying should not and can not be done. Engineering work isn't just some insulated game that gives you tokens to buy things you need in the real world. The engineering work is itself part of the real world. > Some would call political activism on your employer's dime theft. That's probably true, but they would be wrong. The fact that some people would say incorrect things is not a strong argument. No, I wouldn't, but I don't know how that is relevant. If a mattress company refused to sell mattresses to gay people, I wouldn't do business with that mattress company, and I would also approve of employees of that mattress company taking part in political activism to oppose that practice. The Coinbase blog post is directly self-contradictory. First it lists some things that they focus on in order to accomplish their mission. One of those is this: > Enable belonging for everyone: We work to create an environment where everyone is welcome and can do their best work, regardless of background, sexual orientation, race, gender, age, etc. Then, just a few short paragraphs later, they list things that they focus minimally on, because they are "not directly related to the mission." One of those things is this: > Broader societal issues: We don’t engage here when issues are unrelated to our core mission, because we believe impact only comes with focus. It doesn't get more blatantly contradictory than that. And again, it's a false notion to think that those are two separate things. You can't, to use example that I hope is obvious, support making your work environment welcoming to everyone regardless of sexual orientation, while also refusing to oppose or even discuss a political movement or politician who would throw people in jail for having a certain sexual orientation. Separation of church and state is nothing more than a limitation on the government, prohibiting it from establishing a national religion or inhibiting religious practice. It is not a claim that religion can never be discussed in government, or that government can never be discussed in religious practice. You don’t need to expect or demand that, although I certainly would. The problem is when a company claims they care about that issue as part of their mission, but then prohibits employees from taking a stand on that issue or even discussing that issue. It’s extremely common for Americans to not wear bicycle helmets. I think the climate change thing has little to do with how far off it is. It's just that the people who stand to benefit from not mitigating climate change are both powerful politically and wealthy enough that the effects, even if they happened much sooner than predicted, wouldn't likely effect them. Sure, they may lose one of their homes on the coastline. The mass migration away from coastlines will be devastating to humanity, but not to those people or their children. Heck, even worst case scenarios like massive social unrest or resource wars aren't likely to effect these people. Their kids certainly won't be going off to war! In other words, it's not a problem of being able to imagine the effects. I suspect the powerful people resisting climate change mitigation can imagine the effects, they just know those effects won't touch them. When is something investing rather than gambling? I let mine on the network so it will get updates, but I just don't use any of the smart features. I understand that some TVs (Samsung?) apparently track your activity and show you unsolicited ads, but as far as my LG TV doesn't track me and all the apps and smart features don't do anything unless I choose to open them. > I've read that some cheap hdmi splitters will strip HDCP as an undocumented side effect I haven't heard that before, but according to Wikipedia a master key was leaked or reverse engineered 10 years ago, so presumably manufacturers out of Intel's legal reach can produce devices that strip HDCP. Yeah, I don't really buy the "luxury product" label either, but I suppose everything is relative. All the major brands of smartphones have offerings at similar price points to the iPhone lineup. And in the United States, iPhones have around 50% of the smartphone market share. The same largely applies to Apple's other product lines too, which the exception that they simply don't attempt to compete in the bottom-dollar markets for laptops or desktop PCs. So I would definitely say that Apple doesn't make junk for the race-to-the-bottom market, but I'm hesitant to call them a luxury brand. I guess you charge it when you're awake but at home. Which, for many of us, is now all the time . They are mostly app updates and security issues that only relate to networking and the smart features. But there are occasional updates to support new media features, new color management options, power management changes, etc. My LG OLED has received updates to support TrueHD audio, add new color settings like Technicolor modes, UI functions like the ability to apply your customized picture settings to all inputs, and changes to the motion smoothing for certain video formats. Spreadsheets are some of the most complex applications I can think of that average computer users are probably familiar with. I don't know if that's a great example. Is that so? Could Congress pass a law establishing an official religion for permanent residents? Why is it confusing that he would flee to somewhere where the US couldn’t easily extradite him, throw him in a “detention center,” give him an unfair trial, or assassinate him? It does contradict that idea, but that idea has long been a farce, so contradictions are not surprising. If we’re following it word by word, “people” doesn’t come up in the first amendment until petition and assembly. Do you know people who use iPhones but require their smart speaker to work as a Bluetooth speaker? I think it’s pretty clear the HomePod is only intended for iPhone (or maybe Mac) users. Surely this is only a problem if, for whatever reason, a significant number of people are led to believe that the altered footage is an accurate historical representation when that is not the case. People create media that is not an accurate historical representation all the time: fictional movies, cartoons, etc. and presumably historians aren't upset about that. Let's make sure people in their 20s aren't dying because they can't afford insulin before we start worrying about how to promote innovation in the insulin market. > these issues are created by simple economics (market and regulatory issues), not ethical deficiencies I don't think that "because economics" is a card that can be played to completely nullify any questions about ethics. We can and do make decisions at many different levels (from individual to nation-state) over how the economy works and how markets are regulated, and ethics are relevant any time decisions are made which affect other people. Lots (perhaps most?) of US health insurance providers also non-profit. > I’m surprised that there is no discussion on this thread about the impact to people who haven’t done anything wrong. Existing H-1B holders should clearly be grandfathered in, but those aren't the only people who have done nothing wrong. What about the would-be future H-1B holders who would have benefited from working while making less than the new requirements? In other words, the vast majority of people who are going to be affected by these new rules. I don't approve of seamlessly replacing "people" with "Americans," and the idea that Americans should not care about whether people from elsewhere are harmed by American policies is vile. I don't think you can dismiss the moral issue. The fact that there may technically be no "guarantee" does not mean that people ought to be treated unreasonably. The fact that some people may not care about the effects American policies have on people who are not American is not the same thing as it not being a moral issue. We heard sonic booms routinely growing up in the 1990s in small-town Missouri, presumably from nearby air force bases. It was little more than a curiosity, and never enough to rattle windows or really affect anyone much beyond perhaps a brief startling. I wonder what the difference is. Airplane size/speed/altitude? Yeah. That is literally the whole reason to use the game show analogy. > I also dont believe the original intent of the question was ever meant to be ambiguous with regard to whether he had knowledge of the goat door or whether he chose at random. That’s extremely obvious! The entire reason to phrase the problem as a game show with a game show host is to make it abundantly clear that the host “knows the answers.” No, if Monty sometimes opens the door with the prize, and you ignore those games, then the result is different, and you don't benefit from switching doors. > Having 5% of your workforce quit over nothing more than messaging is a catastrophic failure in people management. > I think the CEO’s refusal to take a stance on whether Black Lives Matter is a stance in itself. It’s hard not to assume that he doesn’t agree with the organization or the statement, even if that’s not the case. I think you're right about the second part, but I disagree that it's "nothing more than messaging." Surely it must not be about "focusing on Coinbase's mission" but rather that the Coinbase leadership feels that the Black Lives Matter issue simply is not important enough to take a stance on and thus potentially alienate some people. I strongly suspect that Coinbase would take a stance if they deemed the issue to be important enough. Would Coinbase take a stance if there was a current prominent debate over whether Black people should be allowed to vote? Or is that not related closely enough to their mission? What if the prominent debate was over whether Black people should be allowed to have bank accounts, or purchase cryptocurrencies? > proclaiming that only a certain stance on controversial issues is acceptable, and implying (or stating outright) that divergence from this orthodoxy amounts to an affront to human dignity. Are you suggesting that all stances on all controversial issues are acceptable, and that it is impossible to hold a stance which is an affront to human dignity? Or are you merely saying that these issues are relatively unimportant compared to one's labor at their place of employment, and should thus be ignored? What meaning are you using then? Even the most basic dictionary definition of "politics" is something like "all the activities involved in determining the policies and actions of an organization or government." Certainly not, because the question of whether a government ought to be involved in some interaction is, clearly, a political question, and asking that question is clearly not equivalent to saying that the government ought to be involved in all interactions. It's probably not a great signal for anything. How many Coinbase employees leave the company in an average month? And how much did this severance offer cause would-be future departures to cluster in October to take advantage of the payout? One way might be to stigmatize or ban discussion of politics. > Funny, I don't see anyone complaining that Fruit Gushers hasn't taken a stand on child pornography? Child pornography, from what I can tell, is not a controversial issue. Most companies haven't made statements about their views on murder, theft, and slavery either. But if the nation were prominently split over whether murder, theft, slavery, or child pornography are good things, I would hope some companies would make a statement. I didn’t say “putting everything up for grabs for state control.” No, as I said, the statement "the government should not be involved in your private life" is very clearly a political statement, because it relates (directly!) to the policies and actions of the government. And that is, of course, the opposite of totalitarianism. You’re using a definition of “naked” that depends on your particular societal views, so that’s a circular question. Most people don’t where clothing over their hands in public, but you probably don’t call that “naked.” What reason is there to cover one’s nipples unless it’s for comfort, protection, or warmth? > I always find it disheartening that people see the propagation of 'bad' information on social-media networks as a bigger risk to society than said networks becoming the gatekeepers of all propagated information. Who thinks this? Are you just assuming that anyone who approves of social media networks removing disinformation also thinks that is a bigger problem than the social media networks being powerful gatekeepers? Not at all mutually exclusive. Whether Facebook removes disinformation does not affect how much power Facebook has to distribute information. > it is clear that the importance of Facebook removing disinformation is linked proportionally to the power Facebook has to distribute information Yes, but not proportionally to the power Facebook should have to distribute information. “Test as close as possible to the real state” makes sense as a rule of thumb, but I’m having trouble coming up with a reason in this specific case how mocking the hash function could go wrong. Assuming your testing/mocking library is reliable, this should be testing precisely what you intend to test. I guess it’s possible that your “more real” test relies on some hidden behavior, like how your real hash function utilizes system resources, which could affect production, but I don’t know that tests which are testing things you’re not even aware of is a great thing to advocate for. I think you generally need to either assume or establish that your testing environment tends to be sound, just like you need to assume or establish that your programming language/compiler/computing environment tends to be sound. Your application code and test code itself probably shouldn't be compensating for or attempting to avoid known or unknown flaws in your testing environment. I don’t think it’s this simple, because the “don’t do anything” case is actually “use engagement-maximizing algorithms to actively spread misinformation as fast as possible.” Getting rid of the algorithms that actively distribute certain types of misinformation as widely as possible would probably mostly solve the issue while maintaining the broadest definition of “free speech.” But since that’s their entire business model, it’s unlikely to happen. If you oppose all human processes in which it is possible to make a mistake, then you oppose all human processes. > But then again you run into the problem of determining what is misinformation Not exactly, I just meant that they could largely solve the problem by ending the algorithms that massive boost distribution for "engaging" content. Perhaps a better question than “who gets to choose which things get amplified?” is “who is liable for the consequences of amplifying certain things?” The fact that machines are helping these people accomplish their goals does not mean that people don’t have goals and that they shouldn’t be liable for the consequences of accomplishing their goals. I think "word of mouth" just means opinions about products that are communicated to you via a network of acquaintances, acquaintances of acquaintances, etc. that is very unlikely to have any underlying commercial incentives. That communication can obviously still happen over the internet. The point is that when you're looking for a toaster oven and your friend says that his coworker's spouse just got a ToasterGenius Model Z and they're happy with it, you can be fairly confident they're not shilling for ToasterGenius. They may not know anything about toaster ovens, and they may not have the same toasting needs as you, but at least you can probably trust that their opinion is genuine. Of course, I suppose it could turn out that ToasterGenius is running an MLM and your friend's coworker's spouse hosts ToasterGenius home parties to sell ToasterGenius products! It sounds like you're describing a product review site implemented as a distributed trust network, and the plan to establish the trustworthiness of contributors is to bolt on a contributor review site implemented as a distributed trust network. Of course, there's no reason whatsoever to use a blockchain for this. The review website could simply offer dumps of their data signed with their private key. > Right when there is a clear and imminent danger has been the judicial limit on speech. Are you thinking of “clear and present danger”? That used to be the test in the United States, but since the 1960s it is “imminent lawless action.” > I think nearly everyone finds this reasonable. I don’t know about that. From what I can tell, the US legal system is extremely accepting of speech that incites violence relative to many other democratic governments. I think the current test is unreasonably lenient and likely allows a lot of speech that directly advocates and incites violence. I hummed it very roughly and got "Las Mañanitas" followed by "Happy Birthday to You." And yet you don't have to look far from here to see lots of people claiming that a social network is violating freedom of speech if it censors or in any way limits the distribution of false claims that are intended to and likely to cause people to take dangerous actions. The fact that that example became well-known due to the awful decision in Schenck v. United States does not mean that it's not a good example of speech that ought not be protected. Speech that is false and intentionally causes a panic should not be protected. I don't know. In general I think you're going to need some balance between requiring certain outcomes and requiring certain specific implementation details. It might be possible to make an automobile out of sufficient thick and squishy parts that it could pass reasonable crash safety tests without having a seat belt, but it's still not ridiculous for regulations to require that automobiles have seat belts. (I have no idea where lidar for self-driving cars falls within that balance, although I can't help but notice that human drivers do not utilize lidar.) I'm coming around to agreeing with you about the deceptiveness of Tesla's marketing of Autopilot. I recently bought a new car from a non-luxury brand that's quite popular in the US, and a few days after buying it I was a bit surprised to realize that its "dynamic cruise control" and "lane keep assist" features amount to roughly the exact same thing as Tesla's current Autopilot offerings. I am still shocked at how under sold these features were, both by the dealers and the car's literature. I was driving for several days before I realized that, in addition the the dynamic cruise control I was familiar with, a simple button press could get the car to steer itself to stay in its lane. Wouldn't that "hack" just be as easy as sticking an actual stop sign somewhere it's not supposed to be, or removing a real stop sign? That would obviously fool a human driver just as much, and it has actually happened, and killed people. > We're a bit further away from "Cameras working just as well as your vision" than I think you're anticipating. Well surely that's what we should be testing. Is a self-driving car system safer than a human, or not? You're correct that self-driving car systems lack a "general learning and intelligence model," but they also have several obvious advantages over humans, like potentially better-positioned cameras, a more reliable "attention" system, faster reaction times, potentially more "experience" with different road conditions and scenarios, etc. There are lots of systems which support life and run software which, if it fails, will cause death. Literal life-support systems are one obvious example, but there are many many more. All of that software is written by your colleagues. There are popular cars in the US that use two cameras for their self-driving functionality. Kinda like humans. I doubt that’s true, but if it is, then okay. More than 99% of species that have ever lived are now extinct. Is that possible? Aren't there hardware video decoders that deliver, well, full video at high frame rates? I'm not sure how those things work. Maybe they have a direct route to the GPU and CPU just decides how things should get composited. Allegedly. And yet very few tax or government funding systems even attempt to measure usage to determine individuals' tax burden (there are some exceptions, like toll roads). Public schools are obviously paid for by everyone regardless of parenthood. The argument is that education is important to society and that everyone benefits from having an educated population, and yet the amount of funding and the amount of taxes varies wildly from district to district despite students being free to move anywhere they please after they finish their public education. If a company in one state wants to employ a remote worker in another state, don't they need to set up a token corporation in that other state for the purposes of that employee's taxes? What marginal value is that state providing in order for that employee to work remotely? Any idea how the Apple Afterburner card works? It's PCI-Express card that can decode a bunch of 8k ProRes streams in realtime. Well, that’s kind of my point, except I think a more reasonable direction would be for a state to only take income taxes from someone according to some estimate of how much the state’s actions are responsible for that income, and when the income is from out of state, that estimate should probably be close to zero. But the question is how does it deliver video to the GPU. I’m not sure why some people conflate pandemic devastation with freedom. If you find yourself in the only place able to grow food you better be able to defend yourself as well. That should be pretty clear, given that the choices are between 1) no tourism economy or domestic economy and 2) no tourism economy. If you literally have not seen any criticism of Trump’s policies then you are not looking at, well, any remotely relevant media whatsoever. I agree with your diagnosis, but perhaps not your treatment plan. You seem to think that making the social networks’ business model illegal would not be a violation of free speech, but that the social networks limiting distribution of misinformation would be a violation of free speech. Am I interpreting you correctly? I just took my Malm bed on its third move (fourth apartment). It’s still doing great. I would prefer the “...” response. In most non-technical discussions like this, it's only serving the purpose of gatekeeping, as if people who work with HTML or CSS are not really programmers. That's nonsense and should be rejected. I do think that, in specific technical contexts, a useful distinction (though still fuzzy on the margins) can be made between programming languages and markup languages. Even if you don’t like Apple’s actions in the whole Epic drama, one thing that’s clear from it is that Apple probably won’t terminate your developer account like this unless you beg them to as part of a major PR stunt. Yeah, same with governments. And I think Hanson’s razor is generally a pretty bad rule of thumb, considering that negligence is essentially malicious anyway. I'm not really attempting to use precise legal terms, because those vary a lot. For instance, "actual malice" in US libel law doesn't require intention or desire to harm (the normal dictionary definition of "malice"), but can simply be negligence (making a statement with a "reckless disregard of whether it was false or not"). My point is that, if you ought to have done something, and you didn't, you're culpable. And I would certainly use the word "malice" (in the everyday sense, not in all legal contexts) to describe someone who knows they are cutting corners that might have damaging consequences, but cuts corners anyway. I think it's malicious to harm or endanger other people to make a buck. > This is like saying “life is NP-hard.” Like, yeah, of course it is. That doesn’t mean we aren’t pretty good at doing the right thing and rationality (like EMH) is a good, if imperfect tool to analyze behavior. Most importantly, it doesn't mean that any alternative to markets are not also NP-hard. Do you have insight into why training is hard to come by? Is it a recent issue due to the pandemic? If lack of training providers is causing a worker shortage, isn't it true what that person is saying? That’s how they explained it, and yet what they were actually trying to build was something that, like it or not, would compete primarily with short-form mobile content in YouTube, Facebook, tiktok, etc. And I’m pretty sure people sit around on the couch scrolling through that content for hours. I don't think it's very expensive. Nearly all hobbyist RC drone batteries that are have 2 or more cells in series have a big discharge lead with all the cells in series, plus a smaller parallel "balance port" that provides access to each individual cell. Balance ports are used for charging, and can also be used in flight to wirelessly report the voltage of each cell. There are plenty of common (and apparently somewhat reliable) balancing chargers for under $30. A popular $22 balancing charger for hobby RC drones: https://hobbyking.com/en_us/turnigy-accucel-6-50w-6a-balance... A $15 sensor that plugs into the balance port and sends telemetry data about each cell: https://alofthobbies.com/frsky-sp-flvs-smart-port-lipo-volta... A similar sensor that beeps really loudly when any cell falls to 3.5 volts (these are very popular for people without telemetry systems): https://outofdarts.com/products/lipo-voltage-alarm-1-mini-si... An article explaining balance ports in RC aircraft batteries: http://www.tjinguytech.com/charging-how-tos/balance-connecto... I’m not sure what you mean. I believe the problem is that battery cells wired in series will tend to discharge at slightly different rates due to slight differences in their composition from their manufacture, and that cells can be damaged when their voltage goes outside a certain minimum or maximum range, so it’s important to monitor each cell individually while discharging and charging. What's your point? The only reason to point what would happen if China did close would be to show that they have leverage over the rest of the world. But if they can't or won't close, and everyone knows it, then they don't have leverage. Now that you phrase it that way, I guess I prefer a desktop too, because I have most of those things, but split between my NAS in the closet and my laptop docked to my big monitor, keyboard, and mouse. I don't think it's wise to make some guesstimates about the number of people who will be directly affected by each policy, then sort all policies by that number descending, and then expect or hope that only the top N policies on that list receive political attention. For one thing, guesstimating the number of affected people is pretty subjective. A policy can be important to me even though it does not nominally affect me directly. Secondly, this method doesn't even attempt to weigh policies by anything else, like the magnitude of benefits/downsides, budgetary concerns, civil rights implications, etc. For instance, in my view, it's fine for a political issue involving state-sanctioned persecution or bigotry of a very small minority to share political attention with a large public health crisis. The React team is or was reportedly working on "progressive hydration" which sounds like what you're talking about. This tweet from React core team member Dan Abramov in December 2018: https://twitter.com/dan_abramov/status/1079352276433715200 I thought it was a massive use case for Facebook. I recall seeing Facebook engineering tech talks about how they write their JavaScript with different types of import statements to optimize what gets rendered in SSR versus on the client. I think this is a similar video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KT3XKDBZW7M You're right. ReactDOMServer.renderToNodeStream is to support HTML streaming , which can allow the browser to start rendering the (as far as it knows, static HTML) document before it receives all the HTML. This is nice, but probably is not a huge factor if you're using HTTP caching via a CDN or a static site generator (since the CDN will likely support HTML streaming). I agree that a major motivation here is that Apple will make a bit more money from some customers who are willing to pay. But I don't really agree with the claim that the environmental arguments are ridiculous. If everyone only buys the accessories they want, and assuming some customers previously received accessories in the box that they didn't need, then presumably this will actually reduce waste. There is still periodic "waste" when cable and charger standards change, which is happening right now, but that should happen far less often than the iPhone release cycle. Sure, Apple also might tend to get more money per iPhone customer now, but that doesn't invalidate the environmental argument. No, Apple is telling him to care about the reduction in material waste. Also, as the author points out (debunking their complaint immediately after issuing it, instead of simply removing the complaint from the article), you can use not only your previous iPhone's charger, but its cable (which obviously works with the charger). I suppose we're talking about a distinction between it being true that this decision will reduce waste, and this decision being primarily motivated by the desire to reduce waste. You seem to be saying "well yeah, they're reducing waste, but only because it's profitable for them." Shouldn't that be a good thing?! I would certainly prefer a world where decisions which tend to be good for the environment tend to also be good for business. I think people tend to be bad at difficult tasks they are not specifically interested in, and we're all better served if people tend to be able to work on what they're interested in. I suspect that's going to end up better than if we somehow create a list of world problems ranked from the most to the least important and get the entire world to work from the top of the list down. (Never mind the difficulty of creating such a list.) There are charities that focus on reducing human hunger. There are also charities that focus on reducing child hunger. Why should the latter exist, since it's a subset of the former? Isn't everyone working on the child hunger charities ignoring the problems of adult hunger? Of course not. There are just some people who, for whatever reason, are specifically interested and motivated in fighting child hunger, and I strongly suspect that overall outcomes are better when those people have the opportunity to focus their work on child hunger. > why don't we efficiently allocate resources, when we know that we could? Huh? How do we know that we could? I thought we knew that we couldn't . Not any more than that all improvements to computer performance serve no purpose but to allow developers to skip optimization. I think that's worth contemplating, but I think the conclusion of that contemplation will be that less technology is not the solution. I think it's pretty obvious that reducing technological progress cannot possibly lead to solutions to big, extreme, but presumably inevitable problems, like impacts from celestial objects, supernovae, etc. It's true that some technologies could cause or hasten extinction, stasis seems to guarantee it. I would expect them to be aware of and communicate their uncertainty. There is plenty of broad, global data demonstrating climate change, and that data makes it even more clear (although it is less "dramatic"). But it's also true that climate change will make the "dramatic" events more common. Well, a Model S can just barely stop in 50 meters at 60mph, while some other luxury and sporty cars in the segment can stop in 35 meters or less. And that’s only 60mph, hardly “top speed” or even a normal highway speed. So regardless of driver assistance features, I’d choose a car that at least has a chance to even physically stop assuming instant reflexes. 50 meters is probably a much too small distance for this thought experiment. I get your point, but there’s still plenty of web-related concerns that don’t go away when you’re using React. Many aspects of accessibility, layout and styling, browser compatibility, performance, security, and more are largely unchanged whether you’re developing a React web app or a static HTML+CSS site. Any time you encounter a website where the back button doesn’t work, or with a “link” that works when you click it but can’t be right-clicked to open in a new tab, that’s probably the work of a React dev who falsely believes they are not a web dev! Getting ridiculed early on and then quickly becoming by far the most prominent and popular library in your category doesn’t sound so bad. It’s not something I would criticize React for. And that has not worked out well for PG&E. Or rather, for its customers. I'm sure its executive team is doing fine. It’s pretty obvious and (I think) uncontroversial that humanity could cause its own demise or fail to prevent external causes (like large celestial object impacts). What does seem controversial is the claim (which I adhere to) that it is also possible for humanity to solve every problem that they meet. You have to click the Docs link to see how you can read from and write to tables using a template syntax and HTML forms. That doesn’t seem like a satisfying explanation. Why then do legislators routinely support other legislation that is similarly or even less popular than marijuana legalization? Aronofsky’s “Noah” has some pretty interesting depictions of what I believe were fallen angel stone giants intended to represent the Nephilim. I also found it interesting how the depraved human society God sent the floods to destroy was depicted as an industrialized society harvesting some sort of strange resource that was destroying the planet. What flaws did the Trump administration demonstrate that weren’t already obviously flaws? Did we actually get new information about previously hidden flaws? What is the (or your) intellectual analysis? Well, in practical terms, you have to be able to win the Democratic primary to be the Democratic candidate. There’s no “they” that could have picked someone better, and the people that you or others may have thought were better did far worse than Biden in the primaries. Do you have a source for him saying that? I can only find that he says he intends to be a “transitional candidate” to the next generation. Why is it okay then for the votes of the elected legislators to be public? Wouldn’t all your arguments apply equally (or much more, given how much more powerful their individual votes are) to legislators? I think the expectation of accountability is the key difference, but I’m not sure why we don’t expect individual voters to be accountable in any way for their political beliefs and votes, even to light social criticism. I wasn’t suggesting some database of everyone’s votes to facilitate social criticism. I’m just referring to people who complain about getting criticism from friends/family/peers for certain political beliefs which were shared explicitly. The primary “thing GraphQL does” is provide a data shape contract between servers and clients, with type safety, introspection, and a fairly human-friendly query syntax. I understand the distinction you're making, but I think it's fuzzier than you seem to think. Yes, GraphQL responses tend to go over the wire in a format without any type checking (like JSON). But GraphQL tooling and libraries can use GraphQL schemas to ensure that application code that consumes GraphQL responses will never see a value with a type that contradicts the GraphQL schema. GraphQL tooling cannot literally prevent JSON from having a string value where there's supposed to be a number value, but it can ensure that application code never has runtime type errors. Is that "validation rather than type checking"? Sure, I suppose so, but my application code that consumes GraphQL responses will either get some representation of an error, or a representation of a successful response that is guaranteed to have the types I expect. And yes, there are plenty of other data formats and tools that provide the same sort of thing: some representation of a schema, some non-application code that checks runtime data against that schema, and a contract with the application code that each response will be either an error or a type-safe successful response. I think there's a reasonable expectation that product reviewers account for which parts of the experience can be controlled by the seller. You presumably wouldn't leave a negative review on a digital music purchase because your internet access is extremely slow. Granted, this can be a little fuzzy, since it might not even be clear which parts of the experience are controlled by Amazon, the product manufacturer, and other third parties. Receiving a counterfeit SanDisk SD card from Amazon is almost certainly not the fault of SanDisk, yet a lot of people might leave negative reviews on an Amazon listing if they receive a counterfeit product. That's understandable despite it not exactly being "fair" to SanDisk. That’s not so crazy, is it? “Civilian” is used in the thought experiment to refer to an expected level of training, experience, and equipment. You wouldn’t reasonably expect a “civilian” in this context to have an RPG or an attack aircraft. The clear point of the thought experiment is “would a civilian be able to kill an armored vehicle with the level of training, experience, and equipment that would reasonably be expected of a civilian in this context?” The MacBook Air never had the Touch Bar, right? What does "coastal/urban elites" mean? Just anyone who lives in a coastal or urban area? 80% of the American population lives in urban areas, and that's only going to increase when you include whatever your definition of "coastal" is. Where does the "elite" factor in? What are we calling "urban" here? More than 80% of Americans live in urban areas. Are we using a circular definition of "urban" that means "big cities with a large Democrat majority"? I don't know, but I believe that the models used by major forecasting organizations like NYT and FiveThirtyEight do attempt to control for voting method. How could that tweet possibly have anything to do with polls? Any remotely scientific poll would surely be anonymous. That has nothing to do with people willingly tweeting their political views and then attempt to cover them up or expect them to be forgotten in the future. A college degree sounds like a laughably low bar for being considered "elite." 27% of American adults have college degrees. In a state like Missouri which is presumably not considered a particularly liberal or Democratic or "elite" state, over 50% of adults have college degrees. Oops, not sure where I found that Missouri figure, but it looks like you're right. Still, one quarter to one third of the population doesn't fit what I would remotely consider to be "elite." And why is "almost everyone in your social circle" relevant? I don't think people generally use the word "elite" to refer to the ability to make friends from among a specific third of the national population. Can you explain why you think that illustrates a double standard? What principle do you think the NYT is purporting to hold but is applying inconsistently in these two cases? I haven't read either article (because I'm not a subscriber), but I gather that the former is advocating using the US military to put down civil unrest in the US, and the other is defending the actions of Hong Kong police to put down civil unrest in Hong Kong. If you suppose the principle being applied is very broad, something like "no support of any state action against civil unrest should ever be published," then that principle does seem to be applied inconsistently. But that seems very unlikely to be the principle NYT is purporting to have. Okay, I’m on board with “very different experiences than the average American,” but that’s not what “elite” means. What newspapers did historically was mostly just possess the very expensive printers and delivery networks required to distribute media to large numbers of people, right? It would make sense for such organizations to distribute news, opinion, sports info, financial info, comics and other entertainment, etc. It’s tempting to think that their real value was always the reporting itself, but then how do we explain why technologies like the internet (and even TV before that) have seemed to massively disrupt their business model? I wouldn’t call the need for caching to ensure good performance “something technically wrong.” Isn't this exactly how all death statistics of all diseases and conditions work? People with other conditions are presumably more likely to die from some given condition. And, of course, every cause of death is really just causing the person to die earlier than they would have otherwise died. That's the example everyone always brings up, and even if it's true, do you think there are a huge portion of people with COVID who are dying in car accidents? That seems very unlikely to make a significant difference in the figures, and for a new virus that is spreading very quickly and isn't yet well-understood, it's probably worth using a definition that errs slightly (but probably not significantly) on the inclusive side. > But If you catch it in your last 2 weeks while you're on your death bed anyway, it's not really clear that covid even accelerated it. Okay, but what's unique about COVID where we're supposed to discount that? Surely we care about a murderer who kills an elderly person. > and are going to die whether or not they have it. This is true for all people and causes of death. Sure, but if police found out, the investigation and legal process would be roughly the same as if you had successfully murdered them. The legal penalty would likely be less, but both cases are still treated with roughly the same level of seriousness by the legal system. When I think about nuclear war leading to human extinction, the first thing that comes to mind isn't any of those 3 mechanisms, but rather economic damage. Not economic damage as in "I lost my retirement investment," but as in "we can't produce enough food." I'd be worried about even much smaller and less deadly nuclear wars leading to massive civil unrest and breakdowns in large-scale social institutions and economies. Mass starvation would be the biggest killer. But I suppose that still wouldn't likely lead to absolute human extinction, but it could certainly lead to a future civilization that is largely unrecognizable to us humans accustomed to industrial or even agricultural societies. > I'm puzzled that people are willing buy a computer/OS where (apparently) software can/will fail to launch if some central company server goes down. Maybe I'm just getting this wrong, because I can honestly not quite wrap my head around this. This is such a big no-go, from a systems design point of view. The answer is pretty simple: these problems are extremely rare, they don't last very long, and they tend to have fairly simple workarounds. You seem to have a principle that any non-zero chance of being affected by a problem of a certain type is a complete deal-breaker, but most people when buying a computer probably just subconsciously estimate the likelihood and impact of this type (and all other types) of problems and weigh that against other unrelated factors like price. No. Apple has a history of being extremely careful with personal data, and almost always goes out of its way to make sure it never even collects anything personalized. Of course, those could all be lies, I suppose. It's true that I don't have data on how often this type of problem happens, how long they last, and what the workarounds are, but I'm using those words not to be intentionally vague, but to reflect my own impression from my own experience, and I strongly suspect my impression matches most people's. > Just because things are rare now, don't last very long doesn't mean that they will continue to be that way, or that it will work at all in the future if Apple decides that only EOL OSs could be using this system at some future point where it's mostly changed. Okay, sure, you could attempt to estimate future damage from what appears to be a simple (albeit bad) bug in MacOS. Maybe it means all Macs will completely stop working in 2 years. But again, I think consumers will subconsciously estimate the likelihood of this to be extremely low. > Not caring about this now is like not caring about government or corporate privacy invasions because "I have nothing to hide". What? I thought we were talking about the immediate user-visible bug here, where some third-party apps could not be opened on some Macs for some period of time today. Sure, there are separate potential privacy concerns any time an OS phones home for any reason. But the problem here is just a blatant bug that manifests when the OS phones home and the servers are having problems. Macs continue to work fine when they're not connected to the internet, so it's pretty clear this is just a bug that's not actually related to the privacy concerns with phoning home. That's one potential issue, if you have privacy concerns. But the real problem here is that there's a blatant bug in the phone-home code that causes apps to crash if Apple's servers have a problem. What? In your analogy, the parent commenter would be saying "I'm puzzled that people are willing to buy an operate an automobile given that they can be involved in dangerous accidents." And in this analogy, I'm not saying "we should ignore car crashes." I'm saying "the reason people still buy and operate automobiles despite the possibility of accidents is pretty simple." There's no question that software bugs are bad. But that doesn't mean we should expect consumers to ditch an entire manufacturer forever because it's physically possible for that manufacturer to have a software bug. Obviously, bugs are inevitable. I'm not making excuses. I'm just explaining why people wouldn't instantly abandon a manufacturer after experiencing a single serious software bug. Well, yeah, the reasons for that are obvious. But that doesn't change anything about the validity of the argument. But Macs already work fine with no internet connection, and apparently modifying the hosts file does resolve this problem. I’m not dismissing it, just pointing out that it’s completely ancillary to a bug that causes programs to crash. The “personal choice” stuff was always BS even on the face of it. You can probably find some “libertarians” who will argue for removing all restaurant food safety regulations, for example, but I’m pretty sure even they are okay with banning drunk driving on shared roads. I couldn’t agree more. I don’t know if people have a short memory, or if I just grew up in a particularly malware-infested part of meatspace, but in the late 90s and early 2000s doing extensive malware/virus scans on PCs was an entire industry and career path. I don't think I'm confused. I'm well aware that the word "libertarian" is used to describe a vasty range of beliefs, but I gave a realistic description of mainstream libertarianism in the United States. The Libertarian Party opposes food and drug safety regulations and workplace safety regulations, for instance. Food and health regulations are explicitly opposed by the Libertarian Party of the United States. The word "libertarian" covers a vast range of beliefs, but my description is very reasonable. Yes, I'm aware. I'm talking of course about government regulations. Clearly we're not talking about the non-existent regulations imposed by this hotel or wedding planner. It's a clever idea. Perhaps you could even vote for who you want to create and enforce the private regulations of your burbclave. That's a bit like saying you should personally vet every automobile driver before they drive close to you to see if they're intoxicated, and if you get injured by a drunk driver, that was your fault for not having vetted them sufficiently. Firstly, that's not the same commenter. Secondly, the drunk driving and gun examples were clearly provided merely as examples where "my body, my choice" doesn't apply. Definitely not traveling for any family (or otherwise) gatherings. It will be the first Christmas I haven't done this, but it's really not a difficult choice at all. > Eventually, everyone will get it. Is there any good reason to think this? The 2009 swine flu epidemic is estimated to have infected around 20% of the world population, and that was a big one (it was also probably less deadly than COVID-19, and was met with much less resistance from lockdowns). Yes, the analogy is being made, and the scope of the analogy is clearly that "my body, my choice" does not apply to either thing. Couldn't it also be that criticisms are resisted because people literally remember the last 40 years of economic improvements in China, and attribute (whether reasonably or not) that improvement to the CCP? I'm not saying that's a good reason to fiercely resist criticism, but it's certainly an understandable emotional response. That’s a good interface, but I do prefer the slightly more sophisticated electronic interfaces that provide a single “Start/add 30 seconds” button. Those usually have other rarely-used features too, but I do 95% of my microwaving with that single button. > "But we are the good guys" is a non-defense. Good guys can turn bad, they can be coerced by the bad guys, That’s true, but not very useful, since if Apple turns bad or is coerced by the bad guys, they could just issue an OS update that begins doing new bad things anyway. It seems like several people are assuming that Apple is storing the data now and that it is personally identifiable. My assumption was that, of course they would not do that. But of course I could be wrong. I just don’t think that’s a very big deal. Did anyone notice when Apple shipped this update? Maybe so, but it certainly wasn’t a huge ongoing issue in the community. It seems pretty clear that they could get away with a minor evil update if they decided to turn evil. Very close? That’s precisely what this post is! Sounds nice, but obviously that “amicable divorce” is extremely difficult to imagine. The EU has an explicit process for members to leave nonviolently. The United States has, well, one example of an extreme opposite of that. I thought that independent (undecidable) statements are totally different than the Gödel sentences which demonstrate incompleteness. The latter is a statement which is true in the axiomatic system but which cannot be proven using the axiomatic system. The former is just a statement that essentially has no truth value in the axiomatic system. Ah yes, you're right, and my lazy wording in the former comment is inaccurate. A Gödel sentence is just a statement written in the syntax of whatever formal system we're dealing with: generally, it's a statement that there exists no natural number which satisfies a particular property. The formal system cannot prove or disprove that statement. As you said, we tend to call the statement "true" because we know that the formal system itself was designed with the intention to describe natural numbers and arithmetic, and the statement was designed intentionally to refer indirectly to itself and claim its own unprovability. Since the statement is formally unprovable, we interpret it as being true. I had forgotten that Gödel actually showed that there are other interpretations of the formal system in which the Gödel statement is false. I’m not a big fan of the last question. It seems like it’s hinting at the line of argument (which is very popular on HN) that goes something like “you can’t provide a formal specification for what it means for something to be “true,” and you cannot determine “truth” with 100% reliability, therefore you should have no processes or policies which involve any determination whatsoever about the state of the world.” And yet, surely they could change things essentially overnight if they wanted to. I’m not sure how far “they didn’t expect this to happen” goes as a defense. Far more expensive than Windows laptops? I haven’t looked in a year or so, but last I checked, to get a Windows laptop with a good screen and build quality, you would also need to spend close to (or likely more) than 1,000 USD. Sure, at this point various groups want very specific accommodations to "patch" specific perceived problems. But I think it's pretty clear that the overall problem is the algorithms which boost the distribution of certain kinds of content. Yes, conservatives get upset if posts are removed or flagged as inaccurate, but I don't think liberals would deem that necessary if it weren't the case that every doctored video that fits a conservative political agenda gets distributed to millions of people instantly. (Feel free to swap "conservative" and "liberal" in that previous sentence with whatever you like, the particular groups aren't important to my argument.) I think the obvious response is that working customer-facing jobs isn't safe, but is necessary for many people to pay for important things like food and shelter. This criticism seems similar to the common one of "why are grocery stores okay but not concert venues: surely the virus doesn't know the difference?" Of course not, but buying food is, at least in the short term, more vital. From what I've seen it's quite the opposite, at least for "basic economy" style tickets. I bought tickets (which I will definitely not be using) and every extra bit of space on every page of the airline websites was filled with big warnings that nothing related to COVID is a valid excuse to get a flight change or refund. Interestingly, I've heard slightly differently from 2 of my Bay Area friends. They've said that local appointments have been fully booked up to Thanksgiving. I live here too but I haven't checked myself. It's possible they are only looking at the closest locations to their home. You could do all of those things, of course, but that's even less likely than people canceling their plans. It would depend on precisely what you're measuring. If you're concerned about page loading speeds, then resources that don't block rendering or functionality (like, I assume, a proper GA integration) might not be worth considering. But if you're worried about, say, bandwidth usage, then of course you'd want to count everything. Well, no. Are there names of minors in this database? I thought the US had a mechanism to prevent that, or at least to petition to have records of minors removed or anonymized. I suspect the two major differences are that vendors have confidence that 1) Apple will stick by this decision for quite a long time and 2) Apple will sell a significant number of units with this new architecture. Does WWDC count? Does selling a ludicrous number of devices to consumers which create a humongous market for developers count? Well, you just have to learn all the popular ligature forms, just like you have to learn all the popular variations of letter forms (e.g. "a" and "g" both have very different variations that are popular in different typefaces). Passenger car road taxes are an immense subsidy of road freight. Snow removal is probably different, but the point is that road maintenance due to regular road wear would be significantly (perhaps at least an order of magnitude) less if there were only passenger cars on the road. The naive version is just O(n), right? Roads are a bit different than parks and schools, in that the vast majority of the maintenance costs of roads are caused by commercial (generally for-profit) activity. You do often have to pay to use public parks and school facilities for commercial events. Also, there’s a difference between the government funding infrastructure or protecting monopolies that develop and maintain infrastructure, and government providing total end-to-end funding of something. We generally pay for usage of electricity, water, and postage, for example. This piece of pie every day won’t cause obesity now. Maybe in a few months. Why is it incumbent on the EV owners to somehow solve the blatantly and deliberately incorrect means of charging people to use roads? This is like saying “the movie theater makes money by charging to park a car in the parking lot, but you walked to the theater, so how is it fair that you get to watch the movie for free?” Well, perhaps the movie theater should come up with some slightly less ridiculous way of charging for entrance. Or if governments had decided to fund road maintenance using a tax on car paint, would it be unfair to buy a car that isn’t painted? And what about people who use gasoline and diesel for things other than automobiles on public roads? That’s also unfair. > I realized that when I tip, I'm usually not rewarding the waiter/waitress. That reward usually gets split across dozens of people and my waiter/waitress likely sees none of it. This seems...really good! I’d rather be able to tip the people who actually make the food and clean the table (things that matter!), than the person whose only responsibilities are carrying the food to the table and not saying annoying or obnoxious things. I couldn’t disagree more with you here. Sounds very similar to the stereotypical concept of American “freedom,” which has very little to do with maximizing the actual diversity of options one has to choose from. > Tipping is about waiving money around so other human beings literally cater to my every whim, on demand. IF I deem their service appropriate, and IF I'm in the right mood, I might give them some of my money. The thing is, that’s isn’t even how it functions! It functions as a social norm with a very strong taboo against violating a customary minimum tip (often around 15-20% of the receipt). I didn’t miss anything there. I said that it’s better to fund cooks and other staff than to just tip the waitstaff. Sure, or you just define the input (the n) to be the number of digits in (the logarithm of) the number you’re summing up to. That’s generally how people talk about big O notation when it comes to basic arithmetic operations, mostly because we’re usually talking about computers with constant-time instructions for basic arithmetic operations (granted, only up to the maximum integer or float supported by the software). I don’t think the fact that something is an “essential right” implies that’s it’s okay to commit bribery or other crimes during the procedural steps to exercise that right. Presumably it ought to be illegal to bribe a government official to move your court date up, even though the right to a speedy trial is also protected by the bill of rights. I suspect the other commenter’s point is that they thing there should not be any procedural requirements whatsoever for concealed carry. But why concealed? Armed security generally doesn’t carry firearms concealed. Huh? Surely carrying a gun somewhere where there are no other guns immensely increased the chance that you’ll be killed by a gun, since the number of guns in the vicinity went from zero to one. Does the driving test requirement to receive a driver’s license mean that driver’s licenses are may-issue? But the test is necessarily subjective. The instructor can determine, for instance, whether the applicant drove recklessly during the exam. In public, yes, but presumably that doesn’t apply to security guards on Apple property. It would be extremely difficult to define all driving rules objectively even if you had extremely high resolution data of the car and its surroundings. Approximately as difficult as programming a fully autonomous car, I reckon. That’s not the case. There are tons of driving laws that are based essentially on a subjective idea of what is safe or reasonable. Laws about cargo being secured safely. Laws about the driver’s view not being unreasonably obstructed. Laws about the driver being distracted. Laws about exercising appropriate caution in response to traffic, weather and road conditions, the presence of pedestrians and other dangers and obstacles, etc. There are tons. Yes, I suppose it necessarily does, although I was referring more to the chance that in a struggle (perhaps an attempted robbery) your gun accidentally or intentionally discharges. We’re back to “why concealed?” What? Bay Area banks and retail stores routinely have conspicuous security guards open carrying. Not to mention police, which also exist and are commonly seen in the Bay Area. I’d argue that the day of month is overwhelmingly described with a name corresponding to its 1-index. Not being a human might indeed be a valid legal defense though! I doubt the law or case history is very clear on that point. Here's another one: https://andybrewer.github.io/mvp/ And its HN thread 8 months ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22681270 > BUT... you're recommending this as a workaround for limitations in expensive "Pro" local development machines, as part of an encouragement to go ahead and buy them. I agree with that in principle, but in practice Docker development on Intel MacOS already performs so poorly that it’s effectively broken anyway. I’ve actually been looking forward to Apple Silicon in the hopes that Docker starts over again and gets things working without the constant CPU pegging and 5-10x performance penalty. I'm not sure if I buy the quality of life argument, at least in the context of the very well-paid tech employees. The "ambient" quality of life in many prominent areas has been fairly abysmal for years (since long before COVID-19) and these well-paid residents simply avoid this by Ubering from one isolated "nice area" to another. I doubt that incrementally less public funding for education, cleaning, homeless, and drug problems is something that most of these well-paid residents would notice. They'll just keep paying to maintain their "nice areas" and Uber from one to the next, just like it has been for the last 9 years I lived in SF. > It depends heavily on where in the city you are. I suspect this is the case in nearly every city in the world: some nice areas, some dirty areas, some dangerous areas, etc. What always struck me as unusual in SF is that the bad areas are finely interlaced with or even overlapping with the "nice" commercial/dining/shopping areas. It's not like "oh, avoid this dark corner of town," but instead it's like "there's some nice high-end shopping here with naked bleeding people injecting drugs literally in front of the door." That sounds more like “I care about you having this $10 thing more than you having $110, $10 of which you could use to buy that thing while still having $100 leftover.” > In one system you get to be crammed into a little train car with dozens of other people, in the other system you have some privacy and personal space and a seat... If you have enough money for both options, then it's not surprising that the option which costs at least an order of magnitude more provides a slightly more comfortable seat. I'm right there with you. Granted, most of my experiences in the cinema have been fine, but there are a handful of awful experiences caused by vast differences in mine and others' cinema-going norms. For me, the cinema is simply a tolerable risk/nuisance in order to get the best possible audiovisual experience. I really don't need to hear crowds laugh or gasp—that can be interesting to experience, but I find it entirely separate from my primary enjoyment of film. Huh? This seems like the exact opposite of that. For one of the first times in history, people who would rather watch new movies at home will have that option. And it has only been in the last 5 years or so that accessible home video technology has arguably been somewhat competitive with the cinema (I'm thinking mostly of UHD and HDR displays and content). That's true. UHD Blu-rays tend to be around 50-75 Mb/s, while 4K streams/VOD from Netflix tend to be around 15-20 Mb/s. In my experience though, the difference is less noticeable (on my pretty good 4K OLED) than I would expect. I would have guessed that it's more likely that these rips are easily available precisely because there are some old devices out there with a breakable DRM that streaming services can't disable from their end because the devices are too important to their customer base. Like, there's probably some old smart TV or set-top box platform that Netflix has to support because they have half a million subscribers using it, but it won't receive firmware updates and can only support some old DRM that has been broken. I think this concept is overblown. Even when floppy disks were common, the depiction of a floppy disk as an icon on a button required a bit of thought (or experience/training) to understand that it meant “save this file somewhere (maybe on a floppy disk).” It’s not like the icon automatically meant “save this file somewhere that you will choose” simply because people were more familiar with floppy disks. I don’t know, many some more of the value of those assets could go to the workers who created the value. Is there no one who would invest capital in order to earn only hundreds of millions of dollars? Car insurance plans often cover a lot more than just the driver’s own actions and mistakes. Common line items are insurance for personal injury and property damage caused by other uninsured drivers (because good luck getting your medical bills paid by garnishing the other person’s wages), and damage from weather, natural disasters, falling objects, animals, and vandalism. Couldn’t this just...still be happening? Wouldn’t this general average concept only provide better cover for a secret bribing system? Well, okay, it may be the case that our democracy is so crippled that it can’t protect basic consumer rights. But even so, what are we supposed to do? Quit our jobs, abandon our livelihoods, and take to the streets until our government decides we’re too much trouble and hands over power to a more consumer-friendly replacement government? Or just continue to want to use subscriptions through Apple where possible? Aren’t you just equivocating on the phrase “in love” though? In this context it just means a strong preference for products manufactured by a certain firm in a certain industry, which isn’t particularly abnormal. It’s certainly a relief to have an apparent explanation for the weirdness I’ve been experiencing! I thought it was my home router or WiFi or something, but then I experienced the same problems at my partner’s house, so I thought maybe it’s just a problem with some websites I frequent or some common internet infrastructure. But we both have AT&T internet, so this must be it! For me, the problem has mostly manifested as web pages failing to load or appearing to be loading forever. Generally when I refresh the page would load quickly as expected. The President referred to police brutality against journalists as a “beautiful sight.” https://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-revels-in-beautiful-sight... There are plenty of prominent Republicans explicitly supporting Kyle Rittenhouse (not a cop, but a similar event.) There are, of course, vastly more examples of explicit support for police brutality and other lawbreaking in opposition to protests. > I'm not amazed, because police are put in completely unknown situations with people they've never met, and know absolutely nothing about. In the vast majority of cases, the police choose which situations to enter and how to engage. Or, even simpler: less time in the day for interactions means less interaction. The virus caused businesses to close permanently by causing would-be customers to stay at home due to fears about the virus. And, of course, other details, like businesses having extremely high rents and operating with very low margin opportunities which contributed to an already high baseline expectation of failure long before COVID. Yes, undoubtedly government lockdowns cause some additional compliance from businesses and customers, but from what I saw in SF during the early days of the virus, a huge portion of the economical damage to local businesses was done due to the actions of individuals and businesses before the government even got involved with lockdowns. > If Facebook, Google, Twitter, et al are not allowed to operate in China, I see no reason why we should allow chinese social media companies to operate here. I think the Great Firewall is bad in China and would also be bad in the US. If you want to make this about actual business presence, financial transactions, etc. that would fall under trade, then sure. But how are you suggesting to "ban" a Chinese website or app, other than erecting our own Great Firewall? And would you suggest using that firewall to ban all requests from China? Or just "social media" requests? What? There’s a difference between buying a product before trying it and making specific claims about how its sound quality compared to other products before trying it or even seeing any reviews. I buy tons of products before trying them...that’s how you try them. Percentages are different than absolute numbers, though. It would be surprising if, for instance, 80% of lawyers earn less than 200 GBP a year. > There is no "buts" regarding freedom. I'm curious what you think about the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradox_of_tolerance . YouTube is already exerting immense control over what information people see and hear. That's the status quo. If you're arguing that YouTube should have no recommendation algorithm or any feature whatsoever that make it more likely for any person to see any one video than any other video, and should not censor any uploaded content, then that makes some sense. That would make YouTube essentially a web hosting service (many of which already exist, of course). > I would genuinely like to know why you are so confident about what claims are and aren’t baseless. I'm confident that no good explanations have been offered for certain claims, and my epistemology is that the truth value of claims depends on having good explanations for those claims. Someone might have a different epistemology which admits claims of the form "X is true despite there being no good explanation of X being true," but note that such an epistemology effectively allows for all claims being true (the existence of unicorns, the claim that the Universe's existence began 1 millisecond ago and will end in the next 1 millisecond, etc.). That's correct. It's the "Miscellaneous Order" on 12/08/20 here: https://www.supremecourt.gov/orders/ordersofthecourt/20 Here's the direct PDF link: https://www.supremecourt.gov/orders/courtorders/120820zr_bq7... No. The payment processor just needs to not commit crimes. It's also a crime for an individual to aid and abet the commission of a crime. That obviously doesn't mean "it's my job to police the behavior of every person I come into contact with." I bet lots of those markets have been robbed, both by governments and other people. But with much worse weather. But don’t confuse that tendency with the idea that there are no delusional belief systems. This seems to presume that these points of view you’re talking about have no objective truth value, and that the only worthwhile exercise is constructing “convincingly-written” rhetoric to support one side or another. Both obviously happen. The “delusional” label is used (rightly) to dismiss certain claims, but then of course people use the same label incorrectly when attempting to dismiss claims they don’t like. Sure you can. You can provide explanation of why your claim is not delusional. It is painfully ironic if you think that “freedom of speech” means that no one can make any judgements whatsoever about any properties of any speech, except, of course, the government. That seems to depend on some very specific and unusual definition of "free market economics." Usually there is some unspecified assumption of rights (particularly property rights), and actions which violate those rights are not considered to be "free market" interactions. As an obvious example, if you creep around neighborhoods looking for people with valuable property that isn't well-secured against theft, then offer to sell a homeowner the information about the security problems you've discovered, and then sell that information to professional thieves if the homeowner declines, I don't think that would be "exactly what should happen according to free market economics." There were are also far fewer person-minutes in front of an Internet-connected screen. I think what you're missing here is simply how much larger the Internet is now than it was in the romanticized past. If there was ever a time where you could reliably establish a meaningful distribution platform by personally emailing individual webmasters, surely it was a time where there was an extremely small number of regular web visitors. In fact, I would be willing to bet that, right now, the world of independent webmasters using traditional hyperlinks and eschewing the current megaplatforms is vastly larger than it was in the time you're recalling. Which is to say, you can probably reach a larger audience today using those distribution techniques than you could in the time you're recalling. You just will obviously have a much much smaller portion of today's web visitors. JSON:API provides some of the same functionality as GraphQL, like specifying which fields and nested resources you want, but at that point you’re going to have the same problems with ensuring good performance with any combination of included fields and relationships. I think we’re just teasing at the notion that “permanent failure” isn’t a hard and fast distinction. I think some polite retry policy is not unreasonable even for the most explicit “permanent failure” response from a remote server. Imagine the most extreme example: hackers take over the remote server and make it respond with “permanent failure.” After a day, the legit owners regain control of the system. You can’t really argue that “the remote server never should have delivered that response unless the failure truly was permanent,” because clearly there was a mismatch between the apparent intent behind the response and the actual intent. But here’s the thing: the standard (like all standards) is obviously not robust enough to physically prevent responses which incorrectly indicate permanent failure. These incorrect responses could be caused by mistakes which the remote server admins could reasonably avoid, like software bugs. I understand not having much sympathy for that case, especially from an organization with no shortage of resources. But they could also be caused by, for example, hackers or governments exerting control over the remote server temporarily. A standard which explicitly refuses to acknowledge these possibilities is not what I would describe as “robust.” An obvious better alternative would be to set some standards around what constitutes a polite retry policy. You’ve explained why police officers don’t want accountability. But of course, no one is confused why police officers don’t want accountability. It seems to me that, if a judge is able to choose a sentence among multiple possible sentences given a particular conviction, this by definition means that the information the judge uses to make that decision comes from things other than what the person was convicted of. The murder-for-hire isn’t a strict requirement to reach a conviction for conspiracy to traffic narcotics, obviously. I don’t think anyone is claiming that. Why would he care that he can’t take the 5th, if he has pardoned himself and anyone else that he cares about who would be incriminated by his testimony? I don't think that reducing the number of ways to do the same thing is at all what people mean by "locking down a platform." Sounds very similar to “don’t blame the decision maker, because they were just following a moral/legal principle.” Except that, bizarrely, “principles” are usually regarded in high esteem even by people who vehemently disagree with the principles and the decisions excused by them. How often do you hear things (especially in US politics) like “well at least he/she is a principled politician, that’s so rare these days.” The full title has one more sentence at the end: ‘I want people to know that we exist’ I think the idea is to highlight the existence of an group of people whose role in society is important, hazardous (particularly during a pandemic), and often overlooked. But no one said that there’s nothing wrong with the service. They merely offered a very simple workaround. I can’t imagine why you’d hope for that to stop happening. No, even by that definition, most COVID restrictions are no more totalitarian in nature than existing health and safety codes. They’re more intense and broad restrictions, of course, in response to an intense health crisis, but they’re hardly different in kind than existing regulations. And yes, I’m sure there are exceptions. I feel like this concept is already fairly well covered in SC2, since you generally need to protect bases on the perimeter of your territory with your military units. You don’t need to literally escort resources from your perimeter mineral patches to your production facilities, but I think that can be hand waved just as easily as the firearm units having unlimited ammunition. But aren’t they? Maybe not literally burn, but aren’t there multiple reality TV shows about repossessed storage units? > The thing to remember about magazine or newspaper articles is that the author does not typically have any input on what the headline will be. That shouldn’t really change your policy. Some of those YouTubers might not have a choice in their thumbnails either. This doesn’t change the fact that the person or group is attempting to get you to consume some content by using irrelevant emotional manipulation. It sucks that some people in the group are probably well-meaning and competent. Have you tried it? I recently got my first car that has adaptive cruise control and “lane-keep assist,” which is essentially what Tesla calls “autopilot,” and it’s really great even with its limitations and flaws. Yes, you need to remain alert, and it doesn’t do everything for you, but it still does some things for you. I’m not sure what’s difficult to understand. Isn’t it impossible for the market value to change without both a buyer and a seller? I think this is just a practical matter: the legal system is not as accessible as you might hope it is. I don’t buy your claim that there’s a double standard here. “Beer bong” would be another bad name for this app that I wouldn’t blame Apple for restricting. This isn’t about the arguably mixed up public policies that treat certain drugs as more dangerous than other drugs. Where do you find a 5k monitor these days? They seem to have mostly vanished, other than the old LG one that Apple still sometimes has in stock (I’ve heard bad things about it). I also love my first-gen 5K iMac display, but can’t use it for my work MacBook. I’d love to find a solid 5K display but until then I’m still on a 1440p ultrawide. The difference between 4K and 5K on the same screen size would just be the amount of screen real estate (essentially, that’s the real estate of 1080p and 1440p respectively) which you can definitely notice. (If you’re using a non-integer scaling factor, that’s a different story, but I’ve always stuck to integer scaling factors.) That’s the point. Running multiple paginated queries in parallel is essentially circumventing the API provider’s intent to limit the number of items requested at one time. It’s not about what the API provider can physically support, it’s just about being a polite client. They probably can support 6 concurrent requests without it causing a problem. The point is that if they use offset or page number pagination with a maximum limit of 100, that’s probably a clue that you shouldn’t preemptively grab the first 100 pages in parallel. > Unionizing at Google makes no sense, as there are thousands of tech companies hiring engineers in the valley -- engineers can "collectively bargain" with Google by simply leaving and working somewhere "better". Wouldn’t Google workers collectively bargaining with Google using the threat of leaving to work at another tech company be, like, a union? > Those capabilities are great. But those capabilities exist whether a Bitcoin is priced at $1 or $25,000. Why are those capabilities enough to drive the price of a Bitcoin up? Isn’t that just because there is a limited supply of bitcoins and lots of people want to buy them? Just the same as saying that an expensive fast sports car is great, but would be just as great if it cost $1. Why do you consider that to be "marketing speak?" It appears to be concise, direct, and accurate. The phrase "Slack is down," even if true by some interpretations (it hasn't been "completely down" from what I have seen), is imprecise and informal. But 1) it has apparently not been the case that the service was "absolutely inaccessible" and 2) "Slack is down" is still very imprecise and not a great alternative even if the service had been "absolutely inaccessible." There are tons of crypto forks that have essentially no market value. How do you explain that, if anyone can simply create more value out of nothing? It seems clear that this is not what is happening. Indeed, the value of actual bitcoins relies not just on the theoretical capabilities of the software, but also the fact that lots of computers are actually running that software. I don’t see that as surprising or paradoxical at all. I mean, they're different products. There are good reasons for quitting the Facebook social network product which are separate from reasons for quitting all Facebook-owned products. No one suggested that you aren't allowed to think that, but let's all hope you're not allowed to make policy decisions! > I'm not sure why they went out of fashion. Good question. Maybe smaller families and fewer multi-family/multi-generation households? It seems more interesting that a software platform like this would be expected to treat a president of a country different than a normal person. Should the queen of England get even more privileges to break rules on the platform? And the peerage somewhere below that (but still much higher than the common folk)? This is way beyond "don't yell fire in a crowded theater," which was an action considered to be outside the protection of free speech because it presented a "clear and present danger." That standard was later restricted further, and is now "imminent lawless action." The President's actions appear to blow right past "clear and present danger" and explicitly call for "imminent lawless action." I'm not familiar with #KillAllMen, but it sounds rhetorical, and even if it's not, it doesn't appear to meet the US standard of "imminent lawless action." Speech can only be limited if the speaker intends for it to incite violence, and that the violence is both imminent and likely. You can literally intend to incite violence at some unspecified future time and that speech is protected. You can also just tweet out incitement for violence at a specific time and it's probably protected if you're a random person with no following or influence that is likely to cause the violence to actually happen. I don’t think they were saying that just the resources to build the reactors would exceed that CO2 budget, but rather that the world would exceed that CO2 budget in the time it takes to build the reactors. There are, for instance, buildings with large areas that are open to the public and other areas which hold large amounts of money that are very important to protect. According to some reports, the problem was in fact predicted, and that's why the National Guard chose not to prepare for forceful confrontation. Not wanting photos of armed uniformed soldiers in state buildings or some such. What? This most recent was literally an attempt to take over the Capitol building, presumably to delay one step in the formal recognition of the next President, and perhaps worse. You don't have to say "I hereby incite you all to commit violence" to be found guilty of inciting violence. If what Trump said that morning was intended to cause that violence, then it absolutely passes the “imminent lawless action” test. It specifically said to start the action immediately and was clearly likely to cause the action. The question is what his intent was. That does, of course, seem to imply that there is no scenario in which one can in fact be right about something and know it and that other people can be wrong. Would you use this same phrasing about, say, flat earthers? I suppose the tricky part is telling the difference between people who don’t change their mind because they’re correct and people who don’t change their mind because they’re not open to doing so. Nope, AWS is just the arbiter of what actions they allow to be hosted on their product. Of course no one is suggesting that Amazon or any one technology company is the sole arbiter of claims about morality or legality. Note that someone approving of one particular action by AWS does not imply that person approves of all actual or hypothetical actions that AWS might take. That’s absurd. Is someone assuming that? It’s perfectly normal to approve of AWS banning Parler while reserving the right to disapprove of AWS banning some other service. I’m very confused by this mode of argument “if we ever let any company perform any action that’s a slippery slope because what if they perform other actions???” Nothing is stopping them from changing their rules. But if they change their rules from something good to something bad, one simply changes one’s opinion of their rules. You’re repeating the same absurdity I outlined. There’s a big difference between saying “that company is free to make that decision” and “I approve of that decision by that company.” Approving of one decision does not imply being bound to approve of all future decisions of that company. Why do you say those two things are equivalent? Why can’t it be good to ban nazis planning violence on one social network, and bad to refuse to make a cake for a gay wedding? Those are very distinct things. Kinda weird to repurpose that example when here it’s literally “first they came for the Nazis.” I’ll try an even more obvious example. Why can’t it be good to put murderers in prison, and bad to put innocent people in prison? Should web hosting providers participate in messages they don’t agree with by literally distributing those messages? The fact that a line could be drawn badly is not a great reason to not draw the line well. People who didn’t commit murder can also be convicted of and punished for murder, but that’s not a great slippery slope argument for never punishing murderers. That’s only an argument against the death penalty if accompanied by another argument for why the death penalty is distinct from other forms of punishment, otherwise we would conclude that all legal penalties are bad for the same reasons. Just an anecdote, but those are the top 2 and only 2 things I know him for. Didn’t know (or at least remember) that he created Brave or was involved with Mozilla. I’d be willing to bet that, indeed, those are the top 2 things he is known for. Lots of people opposed it at the time. That’s pretty much required in order for it to be one of the biggest human rights issues at the time. > For every person with a deep insight in a subject, there are fifty people who think they have a deep insight, and it is hard to tell the difference from the outside. If it’s hard to tell the difference from the outside, how do we know which one we got? I know virtually nothing about control theory, but when I was into RC quadcopters back around 2011 I know Kalman filters got name dropped a lot. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kalman_filter Or go even a step further and directly address the fundamental problem, which is externalities. "Time to entering waste stream" still isn't the fundamental "end result" to optimize. Just require that the cost of plastic and other materials includes the cost of safe disposal or recycling, just like the cost of gasoline ought to include the cost of the externalities of burning it. Are there any sources reporting on China's domestic policies that don't have deep ties to either China or US agencies? Those two examples are likely rhetorical and are (as far as I can tell) not intended to and extremely unlikely to incite violence, much less imminent violence. If there were, however, organized groups actually planning and carrying out killings, and those groups used those slogans as a rallying cry, then indeed people and groups distributing those slogans ought to be banned from social networks.