Gentrification, as I've heard it called, has its benefits as well as costs. As artists (or other creative types, like hackers :) move in and beautify a place, demand from professionals goes up and prices skyrocket. Even with the overall real estate market going down, I'm having a heck of a time finding a combined office/apartment at what seems like a reasonable price in my city, which is currently going through a major downtown renovation. If only Detroit wasn't so cold... The hockey and outdoor activities would actually be quite nice, though I have easy access to good hiking where I live now. A ridiculously cheap summer home would also be fun, but when I think about it, I always come to the conclusion that the benefits of the summer home "feature" are outweighed by the long-term maintenance costs. [Edit: though if a large hacker-driven entrepreneurial project actually managed to take over a city block, I would seriously consider moving in. I wonder how the music is in Detroit these days...] Agree with the sunlight recommendation. In my case, controlling light levels makes all the difference. I need it pitch black when I'm supposed to be sleeping (whenever that is), with gradually increasing light when I need to get up. Some motorized blinds and a sunrise simulating alarm (possibly linked into a home automation system) might help, since the sun comes up too early during the summer and late in the winter at high latitudes. I wouldn't recommend it -- from what I've heard, rooster meat is really tough. It's possible to mock up a hardware design in software (just look at console emulators). That gives one a cheap way to demonstrate ideas that can be used to attract investors. Plus, the software version is a useful platform for testing new ideas and identifying hardware bugs. If your hardware idea is radically different from any existing device (rather than using software to make the hardware unique), you can still use physical models to simulate actual mechanical inputs (like accelerometers). Otherwise, you can just find an existing hardware platform and hack it to run your software. The discussion on Groklaw ( http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20090330130655372 ) may be useful to anyone not familiar with the implications of this news (which businessinsider.com is quoting from CNET). To my knowledge, this is a subject that is rarely if ever covered in US schools (I don't recall seeing anything related to software internationalization listed at my university). I'd suggest that those who want to promote translatable software start by encouraging schools to teach their students how to externalize strings, deal with wide characters, etc. The "something real" that was created in the article is a mind mapping web app. Clearly there is a need for a really good mind mapping and idea tracking software, since so many people are taking a stab at the problem (myself included). http://www.phoronix.com/ http://www.groklaw.net/ http://arstechnica.com/ Phoronix can be a good source of updates on a wide variety of software and hardware, and is the source of the biggest Linux benchmark suite, but can sometimes be shallow and dull. Groklaw is always insightful and informative. Ars is usually good, particularly Nobel Intent, but it is starting to drift into the realm of sensationalism. This is very exciting. I use Linux on my desktop, laptop, servers, and embedded devices. I was getting kind of tired of the latency tradeoffs made to improve throughput. The kernel developers are really good at what they do, but like most geeks, sometimes they need a virtual kick in the head to realize that there might be a better way to do something. I'll be trying out his new scheduler as soon as I get a chance to compile a new kernel. I hope it works with the realtime patches. Vim supports undo trees. In addition to the :earlier and :later commands mentioned elsewhere in the comments, there is the :undolist command which lists the tree, and :undo n which jumps to a numbered point in the undo tree. If only it were easy to take the vim undo implementation and bolt it onto any program... I suppose I see using a "one size fits all" scheduler as inherently full of tradeoffs between desktop, realtime, server, and 4096-core-compute-system requirements. IMO distributions and kernel hackers should be able to choose a scheduler that is optimal for their target audience. RHEL would probably stick with CFS, but Ubuntu Studio could use something more latency-oriented, like BFS. Maybe if CK keeps bringing up the issue, eventually someone will figure out an optimal way of measuring perceived latency that will prove or disprove the anecdotes given by CK's "followers." I thought this analysis might provide some useful legal understanding to those of us starting software businesses. This is an argument that people have been making and refuting almost since the dawn of the OSF and FSF. Eric S. Raymond's The Cathedral and the Bazaar addresses this: http://catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-baz... . Essentially, the counterargument is that for popular projects (like the Linux kernel, Apache, etc.), the increased number of eyes on the code will catch more bugs, making up for the ability of attackers to read the code. Referring to the WordPress worm in particular, Reynolds claims (second paragraph under The Problem) that it's not WordPress's fault that its software is buggy, it's Open Source's fault. That seems like claiming that it's not Pons and Fleischmann's fault that cold fusion didn't work, it's science's fault for encouraging them to publish their results. The real problem is that people run out-of-date versions of Internet-facing software. A lot of discussion on LWN and on the LKML seems to focus on the "unbenchmarkability" of UI interactiveness. This is just a guess, but maybe Con's background as an anesthesiologist (rather than a programmer) causes him to understand feelings better than measurements. If I were to assign blame for the latency problems I experience, I would place it on the 100-call-deep stacks that are used to deliver events in Gtk+ and Qt, and on the binary Nvidia driver's lack of good 2D+compositing acceleration. Sci-fi quantum physics takes care of that. Eventually, two correlated ideas randomly pop into existence, and then it's just a race to see how many more ideas you can build on them within 5 minutes. In my experience, having a regular 40-hour-a-week job really destroys my creativity. There's more to being creative than just having some time to spend on creative projects; after doing lots of monotonous things for someone else I used to find myself completely unmotivated to do anything. I think this relates to the feeling among creative types that some business management types don't understand that creativity isn't measured in hours. To tie it into YC, think of the manager's schedule vs. the maker's schedule. A few hours a day after working eight hours for someone else isn't really enough time to get into creative mode. To provide a single anecdote, I am able to get full on two dollar menu items. You don't have to stick to what they define as a "meal" (i.e. burger, fries, soda). If I'm short on time or cash, I can get two double cheeseburgers, or a chicken sandwich plus a salad, for less than $3, drink a glass and a half of water with it, and be full until the next meal. Whether just anyone can do that is another question. I still think it's interesting that, even though the violinist knew which violin he was playing, the audience liked him playing the Opus 58 violin better than playing his own Stradivarius, which he could have been subconsciously influenced to play better because of its familiarity. WattVision sounds like it would be useful as a backend for one part of my YC W10 proposal. I hope to get the opportunity to work with them in the future. Any other Acid Pro users? Here's my equipment/software list: Acid Pro ZynAddSubFX Loads of VST plugins Lexicon PCM81 BSS BLU-160 (this is an installed sound processor that I cajole into doing bizarre and unintended things) Some AKG mics Wurlitzer epiano Ensoniq SQ-80 MicroKORG A couple other keyboards Here are some old tracks from when I used to use myspace: http://myspace.com/n2a I finished 3rd grade reading 5th grade books. In the 4th and 5th grade I was outside playing basketball while the rest of class had to complete their reading assignments. I commend your accomplishments. Still, it seems there was an opportunity lost here. Instead of allowing you to continue to advance, you were held back (in a way) until the rest of the kids caught up to you. Similar experiences in my own earlier education soured my taste for school, though in my case I remember being given explicit directions to stop working ahead and wait for the class to catch up, on multiple occasions. It's my view that certification is an attempt by non-programmers to find some substitute metric that allows them to measure a programmer's worth instead of using the only metric that should matter, the quality of their actual work. I'm not convinced that this is necessary or even possible. Could someone please explain to me why a market-based meritocracy for programmers isn't good enough? The good programmers either establish a reputation and references by doing quality work for other companies, or they can provide examples of code they wrote independently. I think that the lack of mandatory certification is one thing that has allowed software to become such a vibrant field. It's as much an artistic or creative profession as an engineering profession. For the jobs that require engineering precision, a developer's work (or an artist-for-hire's portfolio) should be sufficient qualification. In my experience, CS professors like automating the grading process as much as possible. It's conceivable that your assistant professor was upset she couldn't just run your app through the grading script. Color correction of an 8-bit-per-channel image will leave gaps in the color histogram. It's usually possible to conceal those gaps, though, by blurring the image slightly or adding some noise. I like what you're doing with openphotovr.org. I've seen too many private research projects and not enough released software in the general arena of putting 2D images into a 3D scene. If you could add the ability to generate a polygon mesh (or at least voxels), that would be sweet... Just out of curiosity I looked at some of your older posts on your other accounts (turning on showdead). Being relatively new here myself (about 7 months) I can't speak for the staff or the downvoters, but if you were to look at your posting history over the past 21 days you might be able to infer the behaviors that get them upset. You might even try a statistical analysis of your killed posts if you really want to understand what is triggering the automatic kill switch. The point I want to make is that when participating in a community, there is usually a natural feedback process that allows one to discover the rules and values of that community. If one does something out of line, the community will swiftly react. Multiple negative reactions are a sign that one's behavior isn't in line with the community's standards, and should be used as an input to the decision-making loop that says, "Wait, maybe they don't like it when I do X all the time." Then, you either decide to adapt to the community, or you leave. Also, most communities will only accept a limited amount of correction from any given source, which varies by source and by community. One of the behaviors that's likely to earn repeated negative feedback is trying to change the community more than allowed by one's standing within the community. Unless you find yourself short on screen space, or frequently have to type really long URLs, the Ctrl+K combination to get straight to the keyword box is equally useful for those who use one search engine (Google in my case) significantly more than the others. I don't know what the Mac equivalent would be. From a comment: 3) Set pallette [sic] (port 0x3C8 & 0x3C9) I grew quite nostalgic when I read that line. I have fond memories of tweaking the VGA palette back in my DOS days. Palette manipulation made it easy to do some kinds of special effects that would take a lot of GPU power today. There was actually an experimental version of tvtime that would wait on port 0x3DA for vertical sync (to work around the lack of sufficient vsync support in X). I tried to convince vektor to keep it in, because that's the best my TV had ever looked, anywhere, on any device. Have you worked with hugin or panotools? You could do something similar to find common points in images instead of having to map images by hand. Space leaks are still possible in a managed language if you forget to nullify every reference to an old object, or if your garbage collector doesn't delete objects that have a chain of circular references, and accessing a null reference still gives a NullPointerException. GC is nice, and real-time garbage collectors (such as rollendurchmesserzeitsammler) make managed languages useful in more situations, but they don't entirely free the programmer from thinking about memory management issues. Be sure to check out the "Story of Mel," linked from one of the comments on the article: http://www.cs.utah.edu/~elb/folklore/mel.html A bit more HN worthy than the buggy graffiti, perhaps. Shyness itself is simply a manifestation of low self-esteem. I disagree with this assertion. I contend that it is possible for shyness to be caused by a lack of understanding of accepted social protocols. For example, a person who is perceived as shy may not know when it's appropriate or inappropriate to (for example) approach a stranger or interrupt a conversation, and therefore doesn't try. In my previous jobs, there were visible lines drawn between management and workers, with different colors representing each. On a serious note, my first job I ever had was at a startup, as the ~25th employee. There was a culture of promotion, and people who started at the bottom eventually worked their way to the top. The most recent job I left before starting my own company, however, was a relatively large corporation (though I was in a very small division). There was relatively little promotion through the ranks, and a lot more direct hiring into management positions. Has anyone else observed such an inverse correlation between company size and the likelihood of promotion? Don't forget that Gates started Traf-O-Data before making it big with Microsoft. I suspect that Oracle is responsible for a lot of "invisible" software that runs some really important systems. Apple is big because of their portable consumer electronics as much as because of the Mac, and the typical consumer probably spends more time with their phone or music player than their computer. FWIW, I use Microsoft software maybe once a week at best, and I don't use anything by Apple (unless you count CUPS). Alt+Middle-click allows one to resize a window in most X11 window managers without moving the cursor to a window border. Middle-click also pastes the clipboard in most X11 apps. Finally, I used to bind middle-click to next weapon in Quake 3 (since I bound the mouse wheel directions to the rocket launcher and rail gun), and zoom in other games. I've seen 5x used in pro audio from BOM to retail. SparkFun has been operating nationally (internationally?) for years. You'd think somebody at SPARC would've noticed by now. If I were SparkFun, I'd expect that SPARC's inaction over all these years would count for something. +1 for non-monetary/intangible benefits. Even my ancient (early 90s) 3 series is an amazing drive, and well worth the disintegrating door panels and various other problems. I've driven a variety of cars, old and new, and this is my favorite so far. There are some products that, because of attention to detail or other design features, are a pleasure to use, even if their performance on paper is worse. It seems that there may be a use for an ldd-like utility that doesn't actually load the binary, for use by security researchers. Now that I know it makes perfect sense, but intuitively I would have expected ldd to just read the data from the binary directly instead of relying on the system loader. Originally, a Google search for some Linux-related terminology would lead to an LKML post or white paper where that technology was explained. Now, most of my searches lead to dozens of user-oriented self-help forums where the questions are never answered. Finding information on actual development now requires knowing which sites/lists to search (like LKML, alsa-devel, kernel subsystem maintainer sites, etc.). Plura sounds pretty cool. I had the vague notion a while ago that society could benefit by somehow using games to solve real-world problems (somewhat like on Stargate Universe). I'm glad to see this is being explored. In the voice world, they call anything above an 8kHz sampling rate "HD audio." It's the next big thing in voice conferencing: 16kHz sampling rate! The comfort noise (noise played by a phone so you know it hasn't disconnected) never sounded so clear! Naturally, it's all patented and proprietary. Meanwhile there are open source systems capable of CD quality audio at speech latencies ( http://www.celt-codec.org/ ), but why use that when you can pay for an AMR-WB license? Actually, I set up an Asterisk PBX once for a demonstration of an HD voice system with a 48kHz/24-bit AEC system that was shown at Infocomm, and it does sound nice. How is that significantly different from any other method of disposing mostly-clean water? Either it goes through another use cycle downstream (if the sewer system drains into a river), evaporates, and is recovered as precipitation, or it just evaporates and is recovered as precipitation. The water is still part of the water cycle. Indeed. With the xorl title I was expecting an article about quickly setting a register to zero and various other optimization tricks. Unfortunately, when copying and pasting the right-to-left version, the text becomes left-to-right again (i.e. backward). This is an awesome-looking tool. Similarly to other commenters, I had a DOS program when I was young called Game Wizard or something like that would compare memory states looking for values that changed or stayed the same, as some games tried to obscure their lives counter with addition and multiplication. Having the colored activity visualization would've made things even easier. It would be cool to have something like this that works for modern native software, visualizing malloc()d/free()d blocks (or garbage collector behavior), etc., almost like a realtime Valgrind. I've realized that the times when I manage to force myself to implement just one more feature for the day, refactor one more API, etc. are the most productive. So, I try to keep that in mind when my focus is waning and I want to skip off to HN or Hulu, and things get done. One word of advice for retaining your current attention span: do NOT, under any circumstances, start playing any of the Tony Hawk games. The ability to instantly reset the level when a mistake is made destroyed my attention span when Tony Hawk 2 came out years ago. It took me a month to realize this and get back to a normal level (exaggerating, of course). I read most of the Graphics Programming Black Book by Abrash in high school. I read through the first section on assembly optimization almost completely in order, and used some of the graphics algorithms in an ancient Linux framebuffer project. Great book for learning about performance considerations. Unfortunately the included CD-ROM was crushed early in my ownership of the book. Or, perhaps, instead of data entry, a more universal data format and communication protocol for exchanging and synchronizing date information, so that supermarket purchases, websites etc. automatically add the data to a person's centralized calendaring system. This is something I want to make a (small) part of my current project, so someone please beat me to it, and then you can make a plugin for my project once I've launched :). At least with nuclear power the byproducts are stored in nearly-indestructible containers. Where are the byproducts of coal-fired generation stored? Maybe now they'll finally make a finished Linux port of the engine for all of those Linux-based smartphones. The assembly language used by Sharc DSPs has an algebraic syntax rather than using all mnemonics, and loops are pretty easy to create as well (at least compared to x86 or, as my current project uses, PIC). Other than strlen, string operations can be faster with null-terminated strings. Plus, there are other benefits: If you want to turn some arbitrary data into a string, just put a 0 byte where you want it to end. Instead of having to increment and compare both a counter and a pointer (or store a final pointer for comparison) in string-manipulation operations, you just increment the pointer. It makes for very concise loops in strchr, etc. Tokenizing a string is just a matter of throwing down 0 bytes where the tokens are (as strtok does). Passing a tailing subset of a string to a function is as easy as adding an integer to the string pointer, rather than requiring a memcpy and length calculation. sizeof() is used to determine the actual in-memory size of something for use by memcpy/malloc/etc., not the number of elements. There are commonly-used array size macros that can help with this, such as #define ARRAY_SIZE(x) sizeof(x)/sizeof((x)[0]) Storing size separately from the character data, rather than as a prefix to the character data, would indeed alleviate some of the potential problems of a size+data string. I could see myself using such an implementation in situations where the minimal overhead of allocating a separate area on the stack or heap for the size+pointer struct is negligible. Expanding strings would certainly be a lot easier, and it would open the posibility (as you mentioned) for complex data sharing among strings, similarly to Qt4. I don't see any reason for all cultures to have a negative view of nepotism. Were I a parent, I'd certainly try to provide the best possible platform for my children on which to build their careers. I see nepotism as wrong only when it comes at too great a cost to the company or country in which it is practiced, or violates laws or company policies. Maybe someone should create a group for hackers who formerly worked for an MR-started company. It was a great sob story until he tried to promote his wireless thing at the end... Then I just had to laugh. Is there a list of websites that provide services based on the street performer protocol (or something similar)? I like the whole escrow release idea, kind of how Blender was made open source. For those who don't want to run the numbers: .9 + .5 * .1 == 95% .5 * 1 + .5 * .9 == 95% Selective pressures on early humans "caused" them to behave as though they were experiencing emotion and demonstrating a sense of self, because those were the ones that got more food and produced more offspring. If dogs have evolved to demonstrate some of the behaviors humans do, how can anyone prove that they are simply mimicking those behaviors instead of actually experiencing the same neurochemical reaction we do? It seems to me this could easily slide into a philosophical zombie argument. If dogs continue to be bred for human-like qualities for thousands more years, and eventually come to mimic nearly every human behavior, are they any different from humans at that point? Or are they actually just zombie animals demonstrating behavior without actually "experiencing" anything? I was hoping this story would be about actual snowflakes discovered with unusual structures. "I am extremely" provides further amusement as a search suggestion prefix. I think there would be nothing cooler than to be able to "pirate" food. Farming would become a niche operation for those who love it, and those who want "real" food, while most of the world would live on "photocopied" watermelon, bread, and steak. If read in order (at least the first dozen or so), the NeHe guides do explain the purpose of each line of code with reasonable clarity. A decent programmer who is a beginner at OpenGL can use the NeHe guides to get started. I'd agree, though, that a novice programmer should have some additional guidance if using NeHe to learn C programming and OpenGL. Now I have to wonder if caverns like this can survive a plunge into the mantle, a la The Core. If someone legally authorized to translate a book doesn't have the right to translate the book, then something is horribly wrong with copyright. In my reading, trolls rarely have just one patent. They tend to buy silly, trivial patents in bulk from wherever they can. Since a single lost lawsuit could cause the troll to lose only those patents they assert in the suit, the damage to them is minimal. I think this makes trolling even more insidious -- even if you (as a startup) win, you lose. As with any other job or profession, if society no longer has a need for accountants, they will have to find something else to do. In my view tax accountants shouldn't be necessary for the vast majority of individuals. I view them (as a profession, not as individuals) as just another middleman leeching value from the supply chain, enabled by a complicit government. Let them work for people and businesses who have too much money to manage alone, and let the common person (which in this case I'll define as anyone with less than 5 sources of income including bank interest) have a simple tax system that he or she can manage alone. I've experienced this before -- a project designed by database coders to process data not naturally represented by a database metaphor. I guess it's necessary in order to see the blocks at the bottom, but the ultra-wide field of view makes it hard to tell visually when the blocks have reached the top two levels. Maybe because people know by now that C doesn't hold your hand :). The compiler did exactly what you told it to do. And, in fact, since C is frequently used for writing operating system code, what you wrote may actually be a valid operation if the OS maps critical functions into page 0 (which I believe some older systems did). The paragraph above is not a quote of Ballmer. There is no actual context provided to say what Ballmer meant by "that," only what the reporter says Ballmer meant. Perhaps that is what the GP meant. Untested hypothesis: maybe adding some nearly-trivial randomized content, such as a quote from a public domain quote database, can allow you to claim a new copyright each time the page is served? Another thing to consider is that dated publications may help in the future if someone accuses you of stealing their idea (or vice versa). What sort of keywords would one enter into a search engine to find such a library? The nature of peer-to-peer networks is that personal use is distribution. Treating file sharing as equivalent to mass-producing unlicensed DVDs contributes to the public's outrage. You're right. Downloading is much easier. Shoplifting requires one to: 1. Get out of the house 2. Remove an actual product from a physical store, so the loss will be physically noticed 3. Defeat the RFID tags on the merchandise (most stuff worth shoplifting is tagged) 4. Walk past the store greeters without looking suspicious (something an average mostly-honest person would struggle with) Thinking about it... Couldn't the protocols not advertise the parts of the file the sharer has, but, instead, receive a list of wanted parts from the downloader and respond with some, but perhaps not every, part of the file? What would happen to these lawsuits if nobody ever shared the whole file with anyone? This relates to an idea I had: create a "fair use" file sharing network, by posting carefully-chosen 10 to 30 second "review" clips of songs on various web sites, then distribute a tool (script, program, whatever) that can locate the pieces and reassemble them. That's the US GDP divided by the US population, which is not the same as mean or median earned income. You probably don't need to write a driver if the controller plugs into the Xbox's controller port. You can just download the Xbox controller drivers written by others. That said, you may find the following resources useful (I certainly have): Linux Device Drivers (a very helpful book, but the kernel API has changed a bit since its release): http://lwn.net/Kernel/LDD3/ Windows Driver Development Kit (use Google to find the XP or Server 2003 versions if you need to develop for XP): http://www.microsoft.com/whdc/devtools/WDK/default.mspx libusb (write cross-platform USB drivers without touching kernel code): http://www.libusb.org/ http://libusb-win32.sourceforge.net/ If you want to create a new device that's worth writing drivers for, start here (the USB Bit Whacker): http://www.sparkfun.com/commerce/product_info.php?products_i... http://www.curdes.com/gnupic/GnuPic.html http://www.microchip.com/forums/tm.aspx?m=123533 It's kind of strange that they built something custom instead of just implementing it as a couple standard HID devices with an internal hub. Depending on the USB chip/microcontroller used, it can be a lot easier to just toss in a bunch of vendor-specific requests instead of adhering to all the requirements of an HID-class device (though I haven't analyzed the Xbox controller itself, so I don't know if that's what was done). Also, there's no need to use an internal hub, as a single USB device ("function" in the USB spec, IIRC) can have multiple "interfaces" that implement different (or the same) classes, such as HID, CDC, mass storage, or vendor-specific. The idea was borne more of intellectual curiosity than an actual desire to implement a new way of breaking copyright. I agree that the best approach is a revamped copyright system that promotes the progress of science and the useful arts while accounting for the modern reality of near-zero-cost distribution. If anything I would expect two crowds to form, the larger of which being an "anti-snob" crowd that says, "If it wasn't on a developer's personal blog, it isn't worth reading!" In true geek form, of all the posts to which I wanted to reply, I couldn't resist pointing out that "queues" could technically be correct in this context, as in message queuing in a conversation. I think that creating a print head will be the biggest difficulty an open printer project would encounter. They might be able to look at expired inkjet patents to avoid duplicating the last 40 years of printing research, but then they still have to find a way to manufacture the jets. I think there is some collective head-in-the-sand in the geek community because what people apparently want is not at all like what geeks want. I had an epiphany (albeit a minor one) when thinking about this problem. I asked myself, "Why do I have such a problem with Apple's closed app store?" The conclusion I reached is that a core part of my geek personality involves resisting authority figures that I didn't choose, whether it's manifest through running Linux instead of Windows or starting my own company instead of pursuing a traditional career. I suspect that, to an enterprising and independent geek, accepting Apple's way is like giving up the fight for independence from unwanted authority figures. This needs to have a recording of the Apple II disk drive at the beginning of the video. I've heard (though I can't substantiate) that in some locations it is illegal to record, film, or photograph a police officer performing his or her duties. So, if this is true, in your scenario evidence of officers misbehaving wouldn't help you because it was obtained illegally. I think that students should be given a selection of work ranging from easy to challenging and encouraged to choose the most demanding work they can. After a few iterations to allow the teacher to gently nudge kids toward their optimal difficulty, the students are evaluated based on their proficiency and chosen difficulty. This process should be repeated throughout their education to compensate for "late bloomers." The terminology used to communicate to the students may have to be altered so as to prevent students from feeling obligated to choose a higher difficulty than they should, such as saying "choose the kind of work you find most enjoyable and least boring," so it sounds like a horizontal rather than vertical separation. No, but both of my parents are teachers, and I was in a poorly-structured (IMO) gifted program for a year of elementary school. I also worked as a math tutor when I was in high school, and still tutor family friends on rare occasions. My suggestion is based on a combination of what I think would've helped me perform better when I was in school and my observations of other students. I found The World is Flat to be a useful insight into conservative economic thinking. I also interpreted it as an attempt to persuade the conservative political and economic base to take a more global look at their activities using their own language, rather than as an accurate treatise on globalization. In that context, I was able to get past his obeisance to the corporate superpowers of America and his other inaccuracies, and see points that may be valuable. Even though I frequently disagree with their opinions, Friedman and another conservative, George Will, are two of my favorite editorialists. Maybe the fact that I'm neither liberal nor conservative contributes to my enjoyment of their writing. It's our sense of mission and purpose in the world. It's something that nobody else has. Whether that's true now is debatable in my opinion. I think the American dream has been perverted into a lust for enhanced mediocrity. People where I live seem to want to get a job with good benefits, a decent house, and a nice TV, so they can just get through their lives by watching sports and reality shows. Everyone wants to be the best middle-class, Prozac-popping average Joe they can be. This seems to be how Qt4 is. It's a great API to work with, but unfortunately results in 50-call-deep stacks (not an exaggeration -- I have to set valgrind to --num-callers=50 to get reasonable stack traces) and a lot of latency. That plus bugs in the new QGraphicsScene API are making me consider switching to something lower level, like Clutter or my old friend OpenGL. I suppose my post was more inflammatory than necessary. I don't really have any problem with people who know what makes them happy and manage to achieve it. What I don't like to see in the community around me is people who have no desire to see the "big picture" or how they fit into it, trusting their senator/boss/etc. to do that for them. People seem to me to be lacking a concept that they are part of a bigger system, except when the media reminds them of the fact. There's also the free CamStudio for Windows. The UI is clunky, but it works pretty well. [1] Because my undergraduate degree was in physics. I presume that if I'd studied undergrad EE someone would have mentioned along the way that my B.S. wouldn't actually qualify me to design a commercially-available table lamp without adult supervision. Some schools are probably better, but I left my university after learning from graduated students that the dream course I was looking forward to, where all of the requirements would make sense and I would finally be told what I can do with my newfound knowledge, didn't exist. One friend of mine said that his BSEE degree entirely drained his confidence to accomplish anything in the real world. One could argue that a university degree should be purely academic, but this school's program wasn't too helpful there, either. To sum up, the only ways I know of to realize that you are or aren't qualified to do something are to try it until you get rich or get sued, or work with someone else who already has. Is there a generic webapp (something like OSCommerce) that can automatically create an affiliate store like the one you linked when supplied with a list of item names or URLs? The M is a nice keyboard. I'm typing on one right now. I think every programmer should own a model M. I expect to have this keyboard for the rest of my life, unless I decide to splurge on a Unicomp replacement some day. Is there something about British culture that avoids hero figures and prefers to emphasize the team contribution? Read in a certain context, this article could be seen as an attempt to discourage differentiation between individuals based on their levels of ambition, or in other words, to keep the heroes at bay. rmdir -p might be a bit safer, but it can get greedy and remove all the way up to root if you specify an absolute path. I like Lua as a language. I especially like how easy it is to embed it into another program. I'll be using Lua for scripting my current project. The only thing I really don't like about it is that it treats all numbers as double-precision floats. It can be compiled to use 32-bit ints instead, but I'd really like to have access to both, especially since floating point arithmetic is insanely slow on embedded processors without an FPU, but sometimes I really need it. That is something that directors will have to learn to work with when filming 3D. It's especially when video games use focal blur and motion blur. Trying to focus on a distant (or really close) object causes a headache because it never comes into focus, and the interactive nature of games increases the expectation that I should be able to look where I want to look, unlike movies. Thanks, LNUM looks like it'll do just what I wanted. If he's still teaching it, I recommend his advanced embedded systems class to anyone at utah.edu who wants to gain practical experience with such compiler errors. I detest anyone who would try to sap my spare computing resources without first informing me. With consent and full disclosure, however, I would likely participate in such a system. What motherboard and chipset do you have? My brother began experiencing similar random hang-ups when he added a second hard drive to his C2D E8400 system running Vista. I would consider an opt-in system. For example, if I were paid $x for every 1000 iterations run, I could see myself offering users a choice between running an iteration of GP on every page load or viewing one more ad of equivalent value. Of course, I'm sure there are many others who would see nothing wrong with using a few milliseconds of the unsuspecting masses' time. I'm just not one of them. My thoughts exactly :). I treat marketing surveys and loyalty card application forms similarly, unless I really really like the company. In line with creating new needs, you may have noticed the recent increase in popularity of "organic" foods produced by less-automated farming techniques. Cost is not the only differentiator between competitors. Organic farmers can't always compete on cost, so they focus on other areas. There is a similar trend in clothing -- hand-made designer clothes carry benefits (status, quality, perfect fit) that compensate for their high price. To conclude, I appreciate the perspective offered by your extreme scenario, but I highly doubt that ubiquitous automation will result in the production monoculture you predict. Not if companies own most of the arable land and IP on harvesting machinery. Intellectual property laws are based on the concept that ideas and goods are scarce. If automation makes physical production as cost-free as digital production is now, then all IP laws (not just copyright and software patent laws) will have to be revised to accommodate the fundamental change in the nature and abundance of goods and ideas. Plus, as they say, there's more than one way to skin a cat. Someone can design a harvester based on old technology, or a radically different design. As a result, all non-participants will die off, and those remaining will form a fully-functioning and harmonious society. The end result is the same: everyone who's left is happy. The fact that they call themselves the MeeGo Technical Steering Group seems to confirm your conclusion. In contrast, I purchased a ticket for and boarded a recently-developed commuter train in my area and not once on my journey did I encounter anyone who worked for the transportation company. Not even on the crowded return trip was there a ticket check. The Youtube video cuts out at 0:03 out of 0:04 on my system. Was it supposed to show anything other than that "Identify Me" link? Most professional programmers probably view programming like any other job, rather than a passion like I expect most HN readers do. As a result, they leave programming behind when they leave the workplace. The article provided an interesting history of the Japanese auto industry, went into a fair level of detail on statistical control, then completely choked with a couple of lines of opinion on "software," as though it's an abstract substance that we can blame all our problems on (like witches, republicans, or Al Gore). It's like the author hit his or her word limit with all the history and didn't have time or space to coherently tie things together. The author should have done some research into software quality control techniques to complement the SQC/6sigma background, such as MISRA-C (the safer subset of C used in automotive systems) and unit testing. Another page of text and a bit less whining about the good old days of the metal bashers and this could be a decent article. P.S. Thank-you pg for creating HN. The comments on here are, without fail, better than anything on the sites referenced. The overall tone and intelligence of comments on a site are a reflection on a publication's average reader, and from the looks of this article, The Economist has nothing on Hacker News. It appears that a lack of gamma compensation in image scaling has the effect of dilating dark areas of the image, or eroding light areas. I wonder if this is why some games (like Quake 3) set the system gamma to a really odd value, so that everything but the game looks overly bright. Maybe they can use faster linear calculations with the adjusted gamma scale without sacrificing quality? Winning or losing in court isn't what matters -- the cost of defending oneself in court is enough to "enforce" any bogus contract or license provision against a significantly smaller opponent, such as a lone open source developer. It doesn't say who has to compromise it. Thanks for that list. The second link was particularly useful. I always wanted to do something like that with my scope's XY display. The TA in my intro to EE class a couple of years ago was unimpressed when I set up my function generator to generate horizontal and vertical scan sweeps instead of the Lissajous she was expecting.. Putty works reasonably well in Linux, though from the sound of things you prefer a CLI. For those times when a GUI just won't cut it, I use the cu program for lightweight, easy access to a serial device. See also: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1148247 Nice artwork on the landing page! What leverage does a union of unemployed people have? What will they do, go on strike? Or just clog the sidewalks around state capitol buildings? Something tells me both game developers and crackers have been at this a lot longer than Skype... I remember playing cracked Atari games as a young kid, but back then I didn't know what "cracked" meant. In case anyone wonders, I found the games in a huge box of 360K floppies that came with the Atari system when I got it. Those days are probably just around the corner. At least one company is trying to make 1080p streamed games playable. They could install beefy compute servers with 8 video cards per machine in ISP local offices to deal with latency issues. I noticed something in sprites2.png referenced in your A/Bingo page: the bottom row of pixels on the third blue background image is duplicated from the second blue background image. But the flaw with this reasoning is that we aren't comparing one age group the previously compared age group. We are comparing all age groups to 16-year-olds. A 14 year old is not basically a 16 year old. That said, any government facing this problem has to decide whether it's more important to draw an easy-to-see line that is entirely unambiguous, or consider what might happen to the families of 15-year-olds if they can't get work. Though it's entirely trivial by comparison to your earthquake, for the curious, jam and jelly are used to refer to two very similar but slightly different things in at least some American dialects. Thanks for commenting, and good luck with repairs and rebuilding. I once heard a Math professor say that children were able to use more methods for doing basic arithmetic when they first started school than when they'd gone to school for a year, or something of that nature. My anecdotal experience correlates with this. First grade, with its required use of "bubble math," was very detrimental to my arithmetic abilities I'd acquired at home and during Montessori-style preschool. So naturally, when a child goes to do an IQ test, which is basically a test in problem solving, he/she wouldn't know how to do it, because he/she would have been used to not having to solve problems. Some IQ tests seem to test certain kinds of problem solving, like identifying patterns in a grid. Some few individuals may be able to identify the patterns without any prior experience, but I suspect most who answer such questions correctly do so from knowledge of a general class of problems, not intuition. Feynman had the advantage of built-in syntax highlighting, a gift I would absolutely love to have: "When I see equations, I see the letters in colors - I don't know why. As I'm talking, I see vague pictures of Bessel functions from Jahnke and Emde's book, with light-tan j's, slightly violet-bluish n's, and dark brown x's flying around. And I wonder what the hell it must look like to the students." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grapheme%E2%80%93color_synesthe... My pending YC application is in this market space. The iPad and similar devices will really change automation. Eating slower is a lot easier than not eating at all, so it can provide a starting point. After constantly being told to exercise, eat less, eat healthier, buy organic, etc., some people have reached the point where there willpower is so low, they can't choose a starting point from that huge list. They need something small that will give them a little nudge in the right direction, to start a positive feedback cycle. Firm control over one's product and patent lawsuits against one's competitors are very different things. Firm control is annoying, frustrating, and maybe borderline evil (in the tech sense of the word as pg defined it), but suing competitors' manufacturers for treble and punitive damages is definitely evil. It would take a revelation of truly bad behavior on HTC's part for me to think otherwise. The reason more programmers don't do that is because it is incredibly risky in terms of legal liability. The simple fact that you even looked at the patent database increases the chance that you will have to pay three times as much in damages if you are sued. Groklaw.net's sidebar has links to a bunch of information on all of this, designed to bridge the gap between lawyers and geeks. I bet if someone got a bunch of experienced geeks together they could find prior art for most of those. Someone so motivated could start by getting in touch with pubpat.org. ^This. I sure hope someone comes out with a detachable wall mount+charger for the iPad. why shouldn't Apple get compensated for the lost value? Because most of the cited patents are probably just restatements of research done at universities and research labs (like Bell Labs) in the 1960s and 70s. Note that I haven't read the claims to avoid polluting my own work. Most patents don't seem to explain anything , they're deliberately obscure, when they're supposed to be teaching future inventors how to reproduce the invention. I wish I would've seen that the application window was opened sooner, so I wouldn't be one of those last-minute applications. That's what I get for thinking the HN front page would keep me up to date on YC activities ;). I'll be subscribing to the YC blog RSS feed now... The main problem I have about Google searches is that they usually lead to self-help forums instead of original authors. For example, a search for "Asus P6T BIOS" doesn't show Asus's own site until page two or three of the results. The result is similar when searching for some Linux kernel internal or gcc feature (like mudflaps). The problem with using links to calculate relevance is that people rarely link to the original author of a program, but forum systems and mailing list archives have tons of links in them to the same posts. If the OP was referring to iHandheld devices, then it makes sense for anybody but Apple to support multiple host development platforms. For example, a lot of people are crazy enough to do embedded Linux development entirely on Windows. Plus there's no native advantage anywhere, so any host CPU type is as good as any other. It's not the first time something like this has happened. My brother got a 9800GX2 from EVGA, and due to inadequate fan settings programmed into the card's BIOS it overheated and destroyed the thermal interface between the GPU and heatsink (though the GPU didn't seem to be damaged -- the computer would boot and run for about 2 minutes from a cold start). After getting a replacement, he uses Rivatuner to force the fan to 100% when doing anything 3D. He still gets occasional frame rate drops on one of the two GPUs, though it claims its temperature is fine. The solution to this is reserved seating theaters. There are a couple in my area, so my friends and I will reserve seats online a few days before and show up right when the movie "starts." Agreed. Text-based ads are fine with me, as are non-animated ads that roughly blend into a site's color scheme. If the ad animates, flashes, moves, makes sound, tracks me with cookies, etc. then I want it blocked. However, I don't have time to manually unblock all the unoffensive ads after installing EasyList, or block all the offensive ones instead of using EasyList. Another default subscription option that blocks the most offensive ads would be most welcome. In a computer that critical and that simple, there is no OS, and the compiler (or assembler) is tested for the program in question. The hardware design can be demonstrated to correctly execute every permutation of every instruction. I hope that it is a "high braking pressure" rather than "foot glances the brake pedal" sensor, as I was looking forward to one day learning to heel-toe. That is pretty impressive. I use colorgcc to make gcc's messages easier to spot and sort, and I always thought gcc had the best error messages (better than MSVC last time I tried it). I might just try clang to see if its messages are better in all the cases I typically encounter. One day I discovered that I'd hand-coded a vtable in order to allow polymorphism in structures of function pointers. I've found myself in a similar situation. I am writing embedded software which needs to be as portable as possible, but I've found myself starting to implement polymorphism and objects in C. I am tempted to ignore platforms that lack a C compiler and switch to C++, but the reduced predictability of runtimes has kept me from doing so thus far. Use the :make command so that vim knows about the errors. Then use :clist to list errors, :cnext to go to the next error, etc. :help clist and :help make will get you started. Something like this might work: g++ [options] | sed -e 's/^(.*: (error|warning):).*/\1 please have a look at this line and see if anything jumps out at you/' I should rephrase that "every permutation of every instruction executed by the program". I'm not trying to prove that every program is correct, only that my program is correct. That is possible by using a well-defined and fully-proven subset of the available features of the language and processor. For example, designing your program and CPU as a set of state machines allows you to define all possible states of the system (which are deliberately limited), define all the state transitions, then verify that every input condition for each state results in the correct state transition. Even if you simply brute force your way through every state and every transition instead of using mathematical generalizations, you've still proven that the program is correct. It plays in Linux Firefox using the totem plugin, but I get no sound. Thanks for the YT link. Here's a restaurant web site that I recently used when deciding where to eat with friends. While it wouldn't win any design awards, it had exactly what I needed - a menu, an image of the location, and an address. http://www.gaborbrothers.com/ A lot of local businesses don't get my business because they don't have or want a web site, and I don't use the yellow pages. A decent web site is becoming increasingly important IMO. Don't expect much from a 9400M. I hope you went for the iMac with the better graphics chip. Edit: hopefully this move helps prod Apple toward including better graphics chips by default, as paying three times as much for a computer vs DIY from Newegg shouldn't give one third the performance for games. It's never the A students who show up late and then complain about getting in trouble for it :-) No, the A students seldom attend class, show up late for the final exam, leave the exam early, and still get As ;) I've always understood an inverse quadratic relationship to be related to the surface area of the sphere over which a force is distributed at a given distance. Is that correct, and if so, does an inverse quartic relationship suggest additional dimensions in which the force is propagating? My favorite feature is that zooming in and out with Firefox's built-in zoom reveals more or less of the map. I want to make something like this for personal use. This has inspired me to move it up the queue a bit. I've still got back-end work to do in the mean time. Why not simply "sidescalator"? I'd really like a generic app store backend/framework that I can drop on a server and with a little glue code use it to serve apps to whatever platform I want (desktop, mobile, web-enabled TV...). In other words, it would be cool to commoditize the app store concept, like OSes and frameworks are now. I could use it for my current project, or maybe I'll make such a system if I can't find one and/or my current project proves infeasible. cscope is quite a bit better than ctags, and is insanely fast on modern hardware. It integrates in vim (and probably emacs) and does fully analyze C, including "calls" and "called by" info. It appears to be useful for C++ and Java as well: http://cscope.sourceforge.net/ That said, I use vim for C, but I still use Eclipse for Java and C++/Qt. Do you find that "find . | xargs grep" is more useful than "grep -HnR" in some way? I recommend setting up cscope for hacking the kernel. I haven't done any kernel hacking for a while, but when I did I found cscope (and vim+cscope) very helpful. Since it's database-driven and designed to run on systems from the 80s, it's still extremely fast. It should be possible to add equivalent keyboard shortcuts to Code Bubbles, so that finding a nearby bubble could be accomplished by ESC,/tagname or something. I was about to ask, "Why don't they just run the code, and provide something like reverse debugging or VM state snapshots to explore different code paths?" but it seems that's already been covered. Given the number of cultures in the world that still practice polygamy, and how historically some cultures in the US did as well, I wouldn't be surprised if a number of "closeted polygamists" started popping out of the woodwork if polygamy were legalized along with same-sex marriage. I'd also question whether "people seriously agitating" is a good way of determining whether a particular action is right or necessary, as it's the lack of agitation caused by fear that allows discrimination (against any small minority: geeks/nerds, races, genders, etc.) to exist for such a long time before finally being addressed. Downvotes for comments appear to arrive at 200 (I just saw this effect myself), but downvotes for articles may be limited to a higher karma or to a special class of editors/moderators only (I don't know). Thanks for keeping the community apprised of the delay, though I'm sure the anticipation is almost more than some of us can take ;). Why do you think this information should be kept private? Maybe because, as with the demise Netflix Prize, the data can be correlated with some other dataset to identify individuals who ride in the cabs. Very cool. This would probably work for any tile-based game by assigning a unique color for each tile. The original NES Zelda comes to mind. Some of my thoughts on rejection, hopefully helpful: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1192204 Of course, I'll happily continue bootstrapping, iterating designs with potential customers, and building a market. Y Combinator is just an awesome way to accelerate parts of the process, not a sole gatekeeper of the startup world. tl,dr: have a cofounder, remove distractions from the application. Yes, I'm posting a tldr for my own post :). Good question. I wrote the blog post for myself mostly, so I could document my experiences and reactions, but with the hope that someone else might find it useful. I intended the tldr summary as an experiment, and to provide some benefit to anyone who doesn't read the full post. I assumed that, since they saw the demo last time, my application must be good enough already, so just make the demo better this time. The only thing 1999 about Y Combinator is that the application form is mostly written in HTML 3.2 ;). Also, not everything about the dot com boom was bad. It's just taken us (as a society) this long to filter through the wreckage and start using the good bits again. Suggestion: make URLs in negative-voted posts light gray like the text (they are still black and can make a -4 post stand out visually). It gets worse. I had an acquaintance in junior high (long time ago) who found out that I was a computer programmer. One day he asked me to come over to his house and "program" his parents' computer. I thought it was cool that he wanted help learning how to program. When I got there, I found out what he really wanted was to have someone install Quicken for Windows for him. I did the dance of clicking "Next" a bunch of times, and his parents were amazed. I tried explaining that that's not what "programming" means, but it apparently didn't stick. The next week, he called me up just to brag that he had learned how to "program" computers too, and how he must be smarter than me because it took me so long to learn how to program. I look forward to the day when someone with FU money buys a few hundred 10TB hard drives (prerequisite: someone develops 10TB hard drives), sets up a RAID array, and extracts 42.zip completely, just for fun. Upvoted for your last paragraph, the final sentence in particular (sometimes I think it's helpful to know why a post is voted up or down). Additionally, if it actually worked that way, others would be doing it too. Doctors aren't the only people who would like to "attain expert-level knowledge in only a few years"! Maybe some of us are doing so indeliberately, by going on marathon code sprees and working 80 hours a week on startups. The link contains some ad campaign parameters that aren't necessarily relevant to readers coming from Hacker News. This may result in the site gathering misleading stats about its readership, though I doubt many would lose any sleep over such a triviality. It limits career growth for talented up-and-comers within the company: either individuals with management potential or existing managers with executive staff potential. If every new management job will be filled by an experienced outsider, then insiders quickly feel trapped and unable to advance in their careers, making them — particularly the more ambitious ones — more likely to leave the company. At one previous employer that's how things always looked to my coworkers and me. Promotions occasionally happened from the bottom of the org chart to the lower management level, but most higher-level positions were filled by outside hires (though historically that wasn't the case, as several of the executives had started out as ordinary workers many many years earlier). This is something I hope to avoid if I ever have the opportunity to scale a business to a large enough size that it would matter. I think the most interesting part of this idea is the ability to individually control the cooking and cooling of the smallest portions of the creation, so that (for example) you could have a perfect, tightly-spaced grid of frozen ice cream and fully-cooked cake, and other never-before-experienced texture and flavor combinations. You can just wax a sheet of the cheap bathroom/shower white wall stuff with hard shell car wax (like turtle wax or something) to make a cheap whiteboard. Waxing the showerboard helps. I'd suggest experimenting with different brands of automotive wax to see which one is easiest to clean without resisting the markers. My middle school geometry teacher used waxed showerboard (over 10 years ago) and it worked quite well. Thanks for the idea of using the acrylic. I may have to try that; maybe I can combine it with a FTIR multitouch system or something. That's pretty obvious, because I came up with a detailed system for doing the same thing and I don't run a shipping business. This is an idea whose time has come (i.e. an inevitable product of today's world, manifest as a new idea popping into the minds of dozens or hundreds of people everywhere), because it seems a lot of people have been doing the same thing. This, if true, completely flies in the face of the expectation that patents are not obvious to, and can be read and understood by, a person skilled in the art. No average software engineer could implement a system based on reading its patent, and no average software engineer would think these sorts of patents are inventive. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Person_having_ordinary_skill_in... He who has the gold makes the rules. Corollary: he who makes the rules gets the gold. Was the candidate diabetic or just inconsiderate? the analogies implied in words like "file" or "folder" no longer accurately describe the functions For someone like me who grew up with computers almost from day one, catching the tail end of the BBS era and nearly all of the Web, it's actually more difficult to think of physical file folders than digital storage when I hear the words "file" and "folder." The meanings of those two words are entirely digital in my mind, and the physical analogies are the anomaly that requires extra conscious effort to process. How can you be sure they're only shredding junk? Playing in the car/train/bus/plane, never losing pieces, computer/remote opponents, huge database of historic games, ... I don't consider myself a particularly frequent poster, but I see the same frequent timeouts when trying to load my threads page. It's the most important page for me personally, because I come here for the conversation with a highly intelligent group more than anything. Nothing else compares to HN's simplicity and community. though very tough to build A robust cross-reference system could keep the page numbers automatically up to date. I'd edit the textbook in a wiki style interface, then use some automated software to commit it to a specific order with page numbers. This is one area where a digital textbook would be incredibly useful. While I'm on the subject, here's a fun fact: a chocolate-peanut-butter flavoured milkshake from Cold Stone, in their largest size, contains over two thousand calories. Sounds like a great way for a highly active person to put on weight. I learned DOS when I was about that age by watching the commands from autoexec.bat flash by when the computer was booting (the guy who built my parents' first computer didn't put @echo off at the beginning, which probably led to my becoming a computer programmer :). I thought I was king of the world when, at 6 years old or whatever, I exited the Direct Access menu system, typed "prompt SpSg", and actually made the computer do something I told it to do (it took me a few reboots ro realize that it was $p$g, not SpSg). It probably helps that downvoting is only possible for newer posts (at least from my perspective), while upvoting is always possible. It's not exactly a book suggestion, but hacking on the Linux kernel can give you experience with a sizable code base in reasonably good C. If you are or want to be a Unix developer at all, become good friends with the man command and make sure you have the complete set of manual pages installed (and, ideally, the POSIX original man pages as well to compare your system to the spec). I don't think anybody's ever got this quite right. It's especially frustrating working with Firefox and GNOME terminal. Firefox copies into both clipboards, GNOME terminal replaces the selection clipboard when I Visually select something in vim, then when I paste from what should've been in the selection clipboard, I get what I just deleted in vim. It seems the behavior wrt selection vs copy clipboard is inconsistent from desktop to desktop and version to version. What is a picker or chooser? I know exactly what a spinner is: it's named for a spinning number control (like a mechanical odometer with a knob), unless they're using "spinner" to describe something completely different from what a spinner is in desktop UI parlance. My point is that the API decisions are probably based on experience with a different developer culture, in which those words make perfect sense and "picker" and "chooser" are completely vague. Different groups have different terminology. Why not just have a "happy normal person mode" and a "dangerous geek warrior mode" for devices? Why do the two have to be mutually exclusive? In normal mode, all apps are certified, the device is guaranteed to be almost foolproof, etc. To switch to geek mode, the user has to solve a math problem involving SI units, answer "Do you really want to forgo ease of use for flexibility?" a dozen times, or some other ritual to prevent normal users from accidentally entering geek mode. The core firmware of the device has a switch to do a factory reset to normal mode no matter how much damage has been done to the software. Look at the OLPC XO for an example of how that can be implemented. That way, if a geek ever sells their device, there's no need for the buyer to worry about the device being all "geeked out." It really depends on how much data you need to write to stdout. If you're writing a single character at a time with no buffering, many terminal programs (GNOME terminal, etc.) will struggle to put out more than a few dozen lines per second, which can significantly slow down your program (I've known people who redirect their cc's stdout to /dev/null to avoid terminal latency slowing the build). most CDs have no dynamic range I thought that music normalized to -13dBFS was as bad as it could get, but I discovered a new low: some recently-released dance music I examined had an RMS of -7dBFS over the entire song , including silent parts. Highlighting just the active parts of the song showed an RMS of -5 to -6dBFS. ReplayGain scanning says it needed almost 20dB of gain reduction to match reference volume levels. The sad reality is that music with no dynamic range sounds pretty good on audio systems with no dynamic range and no headroom, which basically describes most car, retail bookshelf, and personal playback (i.e. MP3 player with cheap earbuds) systems. To get a similar volume level but while preserving full dynamic range would require 20dBV (i.e. ten times) more amplifier power, not to mention better speakers, quieter listening environments, etc. Okay, I stand enlightened. Yeah, popup, drop-down or combobox makes more sense for a radio button popup list. There is one area where I don't have a problem with massive compression, duckers, limiting, and so on, and that's in concerts and dance clubs. Using duckers and limiters to "pulse" parts of the audio track between beats simulates the ear's own gain control, and makes music feel a lot louder than it is, so more dancing can be done at safer volume levels. There are other species that are influenced by or rely upon the earth's magnetic field. I'm not a biologist and haven't heard of any evidence that humans are magnetically sensitive in some way, but knowing that the trait has evolved in multiple species suggests it could be found in some form in some humans. That's not quite as disconcerting as someone five years younger than me referring to music I liked from the late 90s as "oldies." What on earth goes into a stylesheet to make it that big? Are they bundling an entire media package, complete with high-res images as data: URIs? My final paragraph addresses this issue: there's an easy-to-use, unalterable reset switch (either software or hardware) that will restore the device to factory settings, and a clause in the service agreement that says tech support will not help you if you refuse to remove your device from geek mode. Non-app store apps getting popular hasn't been a problem on other mobile devices. I think the other poster was suggesting that students will perceive abstract symbolic manipulation as useless unless they're taught why it isn't useless, probably via application problems. Considering that the majority of students will never have a genuine interest in math for its own sake, I think that textbooks and curricula designed for public education should include high doses of application problems, with enough theoretical problems to interest the true mathematicians and verify the students' understanding of the abstract concepts. Nowhere in the thread has it been demonstrated that it would be impossible to design a word problem that does require the construction of a solution. One of the problems I had with my dif. eq. class was that the grad student teaching the class just focused on "tank problems" and other "x problems" sets. So I see why story problems alone are not helpful. But, if they're judiciously used to encourage the understanding of abstract mathematical concepts, I think they are invaluable. There was also the problem of Microsoft changing important Windows APIs just before release. They obviously knew about their own changes, so they updated Word accordingly, while WordPerfect had to rewrite parts of their software after whatever version of Windows was released because the APIs didn't match the developer versions they were given by Microsoft. Reference: http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20080317124445613 (search for "API documentation"). The DOJ (Department of Justice) is part of the executive branch of the US government, while the courts are the judicial branch. The courts found Microsoft guilty of illegal behavior, but the DOJ did not fully pursue the penalties originally accepted by the court. Google shouldn't bear responsibility for indexing something sensitive, as the sensitive information should not be reachable via any link anywhere, let alone on the public Internet. It's about as sane as expecting the government to clean up after one's own mistakes, and just as damaging to the concept of personal or corporate responsibility. I had a vaguely similar problem with a node at the end of a long, but in-spec, cat5e cable periodically experiencing huge packet loss, typically at night, and it would last for about 5-10 minutes then work fine for about 10-20. The problem happened right after I added a switch at the end of the line, but the switch had been in service elsewhere and never had any problems. It turned out the Ethernet cable was placed in a conduit that ran close to a conduit carrying a high-current two-phase 240V power line. Most of the devices on that line were running and pulling huge amounts of current all the time, so I didn't originally suspect that the line was the problem. But, there was a furnace on that line whose variable-speed blower was connected to a single 120V phase, and the unbalanced current draw on the power line created enough common-mode noise in the cat5e cable to throw off the switch. The furnace came on periodically at night to heat the building, causing the packet loss. The solution was to put a device at the end of the Ethernet cable with better common-mode rejection. Here's a strategy: with government having a financial interest in your corporation's success, you have government regulators crack down on minor violations in your competitors' products, then get reporters to write stories about how "GM's cars are regaining popularity now that Toyota's cars were proven to be unsafe" (paraphrase of an article in a local paper read by hundreds of thousands of subscribers). It sounds like a nutty conspiracy theory, but it's just too convenient that Toyota gets hit with a record fine shortly after the government buys GM. Lindows/Linspire actually had an app store back in the day, where developers could package and distribute commercial software. It used apt as its backend. Since that didn't work out, it looks like the next best alternative is something like Steam. It seems highly possible that Steam will be released for Linux (a port already exists). Valve could be persuaded by enough software developers to add non-game software to their system. Neither system required/requires DRM to be integrated into the OS. If the camera person for that video reads this, I suggest placing the speaker in the bottom-left/bottom-right corner of the video frame and keeping the slide visible at all times. You can pan around when people ask questions, but keep as much of the slide visible as possible and move back when the question is done. I think that many of us who don't want DRM in the OS believe in a concept of layers of separation. The core OS should be as widely applicable and as open as possible, while any restrictive technologies or licenses should be in as high a layer as possible, so that they affect only those people who want/need them. The benefit to doing things that way is that all layers become easier to maintain and less prone to failure (DRM being used to blacklist hardware drivers would be considered a failure in this case), because each component in each layer only contains those things necessary for itself and the layers above it. DRM especially should be in as high a layer as possible, or ideally not present at all, so that its casualties are minimal if the authentication servers disappear or the company holding the keys becomes malevolent. Considering the police took several hours to go through everything, fingerprints could be obtained on site, could they not? Would you say they got their money's worth, then? It seems to me they started with more problems than the other systems you mentioned, so they had a need to spend more. My questions are whether they have achieved the same level of absolute security as the other platforms, and whether they could have achieved what they did while spending less money on a more targeted or efficient approach. You only need one because someone else uses one against you, and the law was written by lawyers in language only they can understand ;) Thus, in the hypothetical scenario of no lawyers having existed, either they would be replaced by some other ruling and representative class, or the problems they solve wouldn't have been invented in the first place. I believe the "Sent from my Blackberry" message was responsible for a large part of Blackberry's success, so it makes sense that Apple would want to do the same. It's a lot less obnoxious than the advertisement footers Hotmail adds. Still, I'd change it right away if I had an iPhone. There are standalone versions of IE6 (including IEs4Linux) hacked together for web developers, but they tend to break with updates. An official solution from Microsoft might help get corporate customers to use IE9, Firefox, or Chrome for external websites, without losing IE6 for their internal applications. Personally, when I'm completely unmotivated I do have to step away from my work for a while. But, the times when I'm on the edge of calling it a day but not too tired, and push myself to code for another hour or two, I have the most breakthroughs. Simple solution: use the accelerometer to aim a mouse cursor for sites with rollovers. I don't suggest Apple implement that, but some app developer could, or maybe Adobe. Regardless of what you call yourself on the Internet, someone's going to want to tax you. Sometimes I wish I could just move "online" and not have to worry about issues like borders, countries, taxes, and governments, paying for services as I need them and incurring no burden on anyone that I don't pay for directly. Until that becomes possible I'll just do the best job possible to be accurate and honest with my finances. Alas, bridges to nowhere have to be funded somehow. Edit: Not to mention that any country that the Internet's light pipes run through will want to control those pipes, pass laws limiting what can be done with them, etc. there's nothing like going all meta during a discussion to kill one's political power ;). Arguing over the details is a lot safer than looking at the big picture, I would think. Ever since I bought my rarely-used Mac Mini, I've wished I could just drop OS X on my super-beefy Linux+Windows development machine. I hate having to have two keyboards, a monitor with two inputs, two mice or a switch, just to use OS X once in a while. And there's no way I'm giving up my model M for development. I dislike broadly-worded mostly-unenforceable laws and contract provisions almost more than plain bad laws and contracts, because then instead of pleasing a law, you have to worry about pleasing whoever is in charge of enforcing the law. If the enforcers don't like you, they can find something you're doing wrong and charge you with it/sue you for it. So, what's not troubling to me is not the possibility of MPEG-LA suing everybody , but rather just suing people and companies they don't like (i.e. competitors, detractors, etc.), since virtually everybody making a corporate training video with an H264-based camera is violating the camera's H264 license. But it doesn't work -- look at how Microsoft got sued by Alcatel-Lucent after licensing MP3 from Fraunhofer. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcatel-Lucent_v._Microsoft I've seen at least one situation where personal e-mail "from the CEO" was actually written by a committee, both to reduce individual liability and to free up more of the CEO's time. It was possible to identify who actually wrote the e-mail by the number of dashes used to separate the signature from the e-mail body. It's somewhat possible that, when it comes to e-mail, "Steve Jobs" is the official name of a cadre of executives and PR people with varying levels of expertise. Whether that actually is the case, or whether it actually works to provide plausible deniability, I don't know. Adobe Reader isn't the only PDF-viewing software out there. In the US, at least, airport security and immigration policy are both motivated by the same fears, and a large part of airport security is enforcing immigration policy. PDFCreator? Ghostscript? What's wrong with corporations? (I guess that's why startups can be so successful) In most cases, unless a patent applies, if you don't get your information from the licensor (i.e. you create a "clean room" implementation) the official licensor of a format has no say in how you distribute your product. But, with the number of software patents granted accelerating, this approach appears to be less and less viable. I didn't perceive that as the center of the argument, but perhaps I misinterpreted. I read it as saying that international airline travel in general is too invasive and inconvenient, with the ash-induced diversion just a worst-case example. At any rate, my only point was that there is a connection between the motivations for border/immigration security and airport security. Addressing the deeper motivations behind the problems with both should make both improve. Though the technology is impressive, I'm disappointed it's taken so long for it to reach the mainstream. Asterisk has been able to do this kind of thing forever, and I had a fax modem in the mid 90s that had voice capabilities and a programmable voicemail app included. There were special effect cameras capable of at least 300fps in use in Hollywood long before then. Insanely fast cameras were used to analyze early nuclear bomb experiments. Here's the best reference I could find on old cameras (search for fps): http://www.xs4all.nl/~wichm/cinelisc.html See also: http://www.damninteresting.com/rapatronic-nuclear-photograph... I don't think it would require censorship, but it would require some highly talented social re-engineering to alter the incentives enough that CNN doesn't benefit from low-brow, addictive, live coverage of tragedy. No. I'm talking about transforming the expectations of society. Sounds very similar to the Gumstix boards. They also use a very small core board, with breakout boards for whatever connectors you need. All of these different ports you don't want serve a specific purpose. Designing a universal electrical interface and connector that satisfy every purpose would be difficult to impossible, not to mention that having separate interfaces for separate purposes reduces confusion. I'll agree it could be potentially awesome, though. Each design in use has tradeoffs between latency, throughput, distance, resilience to interference, etc. Ethernet is designed for low-ish latency, moderate bandwidth, and long distances. It does not have enough bandwidth to replace HDMI, and Ethernet routing and addressing is not well-suited to the problems solved by USB. My own testing has shown that 802.11g will not often exceed ~15mbit/s, even with a device sitting right next to the access point. All devices on a wireless network have to share the same 54mbit/s with each other and with any other noise that happens to interfere. Switched Ethernet gives the full bandwidth to all devices, all the time. HDMI and DVI are designed for direct, zero-latency, high-bandwidth links over medium distances. The current iteration of HDMI specifies a bit rate of 10.2 gigabits per second, over distances up to ~50 feet. It's a one-way interface (for now). Since it's mostly unidirectional, and doesn't have any kind of routing, it could not replace USB. If you added USB-like bus features, it would likely not be fast enough for displays. USB is designed with a simple master/slave hierarchical bus topology, which is ideal for desktop peripherals. Even USB3 at 5gbit/s isn't enough to replace HDMI, and that 5gbit/s is used for control as well as data, and shared across all devices on a particular interface. Plus, USB cannot exceed 15 feet without repeaters. USB is also not well-suited to replace PCI(e) for graphics adapters, because PCI(e) allows for very-low-latency communication, DMA, etc. Perhaps, but I oppose using worst-case scenarios to argue against a technology (it's somewhat akin to saying that all nuclear power is bad because Chernobyl was bad). Instead, I prefer to focus on how bad the average-case scenario is: respiratory problems, smog, potential for devastating climate change, etc. If you interpret "like this" to mean on the same order of magnitude, then yes, they are rare. 50000 barrels of oil total over 14 years is the standard. This is 5000 to 50000 barrels per day . I'm not saying that it's okay to spill any amount of oil, but the present spill should be viewed in its proper perspective as an uncommon event. Do spiders eat bed bugs? I wonder if introducing once-native spiders (or some other natural predator) into the buildings' maintenance areas would help control the population. 1080p is actually significantly better than 720p on large screen sizes at standard computing distances (or if you have 20/20 eyesight and sit at standard TV distances from a ~50" or larger screen). I'd also expect at least 4mbit for streaming 720p feature movies in H.264. Very high bandwidth links are also useful for lowering the delay involved in bulk transfers like uploading videos, and a higher link speed (even if the total bandwidth is throttled) results in shorter individual packet transmission times, and thus lower interactive latency. The California Adventure park in Anaheim, CA has a hemispherical screen theater that incorporates moving seats and scents sprayed into the air. I use a 28" monitor with a resolution of 1920x1200. I've watched the same video in 1080p and 720p, and the 1080p is appreciably sharper and more detailed, even accounting for the fact that the 720 version is being scaled to the display's native resolution. It is 2.25 times as many pixels, so there's over twice as much detail possible. It's kind of fun to read the signs and computer monitors in the background of scenes (for example, on a 1080p version of The Island, you can see a character's hilariously disturbing criminal record on a monitor in the background). As for latency sensitive applications, going from a 2mbit link to a 20mbit link reduces the round trip transmit time (excluding interpacket delays required by common physical links) of a 256-byte packet from ~2ms to ~0.2ms. If both endpoints migrate from 2mbit to 20mbit, then ~3.6ms of latency can be eliminated. The benefits are larger for larger packet sizes, so larger packets can be used (and therefore increased throughput) while maintaining low latency. I don't normally comment on grammar, but you've made this mistake in both of your posts: "there needs" should be "their needs". "There" indicates a place, "their" is a possessive pronoun. It's common to also confuse those two homophones with "they're", a contraction of "they" and "are". Getting those straight makes one's writing more intelligible (and more native-sounding if it's being written by a non-native user of English). Otherwise, I agree with what you're saying about letting users "design" the UI without actually asking them to design a UI. Even if you're not playing in the financial markets yourself, in the end you still pay higher prices for goods and services for every extra middleman in the value chain (from shareholders to suppliers to manufacturers ...) taking his/her cut. Upvoted for how relevant this solution is to my own cable needs. I definitely don't miss the cashier trying to convince an electronics entrepreneur with engineering in the blood that 6' $80 HDMI cables have a noticeable quality difference. Still, I haven't found a good source for prototype project boxes in Radio Shack's price range. Can anyone recommend a low-cost rapid-prototyping plastic case manufacturer? In addition to Digikey, Mouser and Newark similarly have diverse catalogs and allow single-unit orders of most parts. I've never ordered from Newark, but I do order from Digikey and Mouser, depending on who has the best price and availability on whatever it is I'm buying. http://www.mouser.com/ http://www.newark.com/ (and a clickable link for Digi-key: http://www.digikey.com/ ) I will definitely support a YC company and use Octopart next time I need to compare prices, and tell my EE friends about it. However, it seems to lack a few features that I'd need to use it to discover new components (such as the ability to compare ADCs by word size and sample rate or other category-specific attributes), and the TOS prohibition against deep linking seems overly restrictive considering there's an API (what if I want to link to an Octopart category from a parts list on an open project's web site?). I look forward to seeing what Octopart becomes, and what others do with the API. I'm impressed by the quick response. I did find the part browser through a link from your blog, but somehow missed the sample rate attribute in the Add Column list (I guess I assumed it would be an Integer attribute). This is some very nice work. I wish you the best of luck and hope to use Octopart in my own quest for entrepreneurial success. $250000+ just from Linux users is hardly meaningless. And even if it is just a matter of novelty, the results of this experiment could still influence other developers to start porting their games, and break the chicken-and-egg problem that prevents Linux from being a good and popular gaming platform. The past few years seem to indicate that we're slipping up the slope, then, as what was once prohibited is now allowed, both in the case of prescription drug advertisements and corporate political speech. Since you include heroin and cyanide, would you have some kind of provision that prohibits people from taking certain substances if they've demonstrated by their behavior that those substances would cause them to harm other members of society? In other words, should we allow susceptible people to become junkies if they end up doing something really really bad while they're under the influence? Lilypond's web site could benefit from some examples of its output directly on the front page. I tried three different approaches in my casual attempt to see just how good it is, and didn't reach any PDFs or printouts. It seems somewhat like people inflating bids on eBay by incrementing their max bid by odd amounts until they hit the other bidder's max. Other non-tech news sources have claimed that Valve has confirmed a future Linux client. Unfortunately it's probably impossible to prove that no one would have taken IBM and Microsoft's places. I highly doubt that, had IBM not made the PC and Microsoft not bought QDOS, we wouldn't have had a PC revolution. I think it just would've been different, maybe with more competition, maybe with an Apple monopoly and Amiga occupying the margins, but it still would've happened. Those fine-grained settings are nice, but Facebook appears to be slowly eliminating them one by one. Originally it was possible to control who saw your work and education info, now it's public only. By the way, Facebook is the second major entrant in this space (the first being MySpace). It's almost always possible for someone new to take a big chunk of a market, given enough time and resources. See Firefox+Chrome+Safari+Opera vs IE as an example. $85/hr seems a decent contract rate, even affordable by many standards. Keep in mind that as a contractor your taxes are greater and there are no benefits. $25/hr is very, very low for a skilled developer (that's almost junior-year intern level). You can also look at median salary data for a region at http://stats.bls.gov/bls/blswage.htm Edit: after looking at stats for the NY metro area, it looks like you should expect 90-110k/year on average. Make sure you're clear on your units ($/hr or k$/yr) when you negotiate. Perhaps, but "higher taxes" and "no benefits" are a great way to justify a higher contracting rate ;). Nationally, yes. $36/hr is ~$75000/yr, which is quite comfortable in many states (including Utah, which is the densest programming state listed on your link). Major metro stats are usually higher. That's after employer-provided benefits and employer-paid taxes. A $150 employee-paid group health plan could easily cost an employer $850 on top of that, and a contractor has to pay for his/her own facilities and equipment, so contracting rates necessarily should be higher than hourly wages. Also keep in mind that national statistics, and mean statistics in general, are brought down by lower-cost states and below-market jobs writing VBA macros that got categorized as computer programmers. Suggested feature for a @font-face site: include a sample of the font using @font-face for browsers that support it, instead of just images (at least I didn't see any live samples). The Guardian article adds significant original content, so I think it's worth reading as well as the original post. I think that external forces (patent restrictions) are as much an issue as internal forces. Choosing to adhere to Free software principles and avoid legally risky (for Firefox), patented technology is just as valid a strategy as licensing the codec and using closed source bits (Chrome). incidentally I've only heard it being committed on left wing supporters. I don't know why that is, because I've heard of plenty of harassment and vandalism against conservative supporters (or were they opposed?) of California's Prop 8 as well, but it didn't get much media coverage. I don't believe one can say that either liberals or conservatives are more "enlightened" overall, at least in matters of raw politics. I can't use Photoshop because it lacks Gimp's right-click-to-do-anything menu. Less mouse movement = faster work. If Gimp just sorted the tool palette into categories, it would quickly become ten times easier for novices, but once you learn the keyboard shortcuts (or reconfigure Gimp with Photoshop shortcuts), Gimp is as easy as Photoshop. Usability is a separate issue from deep color support, Pantone, etc. Any traditionally "religious" discussion (Gimp vs Photoshop, Vim vs Emacs, Win vs Lin, etc.) tends to be unproductive because both sides will make broad, sweeping, inaccurate, or unprovable statements, and when one side wins a point, the other side changes the subject, instead of people honestly comparing and contrasting. ...and to avoid further derailing the conversation, I'll stop here. This isn't the '80s... Well, I think piracy was common in the 1980s too. I was given a box full of floppy clones of Atari cartridges when I was in elementary school. Not to mention people swapping mix tapes, making wax records, ... FT2 and Impulse Tracker were amazing pieces of DOS software. Impulse Tracker somehow eventually supported DirectSound audio output when running in a Windows 98 DOS box, IIRC. IT did all of its graphics in pure text mode by reprogramming the VGA card's font table. I was very pleased to find recently that the Kosmic/KFMF music archives started working again, after a number of years of being down. I was considering writing some software to brute force fix the CR/LF translation issues in the web.archive.org copy of the .zip files before I saw the return of the original archives. I still get nostalgic when I think about Future Crew's music and demos, too. I believe Skaven of Future Crew put up a big archive of FC music a while ago, though Purple Motion was my favorite FC musician. Second Reality running on a 486 absolutely blew me away -- alpha blending, 3D, realtime mixed music, 60fps. They're not going to want to be excluded from being able to push video to the millions of devices out there that are WebM devices. It's conceivable that when someone says they're assembling a patent pool, that means that patent owners are selling/transferring their patents into a non-practicing corporation, which will then litigate. Since the patents are now held by a non-practicing entity, Google's revocation is meaningless. Pro audio equipment has pretty high margins. The barrier to entry is fairly high (lots of R&D involved), so there aren't a ton of compmetitors, and the competitors like making good margins so the prices never get too low (improving technology and cheaper materials also helps with that). If a competitor tried to own the market by selling equipment at consumer margins, they'd probably starve on the low volume they'd get. The 30ms rate could be ascertained by zooming in on the spectrogram and looking at the minimum width of a mark or space in the encoded data. Wait, I meet those qualifications. Where was this job? ;) I would think the problem is not that programmers that meet all the bullets don't exist, it's that those programmers either work for startups, start startups, or work as consultants. What's ridiculous is when one of the bullet points requires 5 years experience with a technology that was invented only 2 years ago. My experience with my first Mac has not been one of it "Just Working." I get periodic whole-screen graphics corruption (I took a photo of the screen with my digital camera I was so surprised), infinite loops when connecting to shared folders if I type the URI wrong, and other issues. Plus, its UI is a lot slower than the custom PC I paid the same price for. It mostly sits unused now. Assuming that Apple is the fount of all retail innovation is a bit unfair to the rest of the world, don't you think? Surely there exists a store somewhere that could make iPads work in this setting, even if Apple doesn't try. Still, I agree with the post, and would expect a cheaper, more durable device to take whatever market exists. I know that programmers have been dreaming of making a successful wireless restaurant pad for a very long time, so someone might just figure it out. Some things that are better in Eclipse: refactorings. Adding method parameters, changing their order, extracting methods, promoting or demoting classes, etc. At least when it comes to Java, Eclipse seems to have more options and a greater success rate than VS2008 with C#. Debugging Java with Eclipse is about the same as debugging C# with VS in my experience, though it seems that VS's output console is slower than Eclipse's, and both are slower than a pure terminal. Take down the map and it probably would be. We had an intersection in my city with three roads/six entrances. Originally it was a 6-way stop, but it had very poor visibility and there were numerous accidents. Now, it's a roundabout, and traffic flows much more smoothly (I've never seen more than three cars waiting to enter, and it usually takes about 5-10 seconds per car). Multi-lane roundabouts are probably more confusing than single-lane, as well, but if the street is primarily traveled by locals, give them some time to learn it and speed should pick back up. I have a relative who doesn't perceive red as a color at all, only as a change in brightness when it is added to or removed from an image. Presumably he still perceives red lights as having some sort of color and not just gray, but it isn't red. I did much better in some of my classes learning math, CS, and EE concepts through Wikipedia than I did from the textbook or lectures. Edit: possible cause: textbooks designed for selling to universities rather than designed to educate, and courses designed to maintain the professor's royalties. That was an amazing stunt. Has something like that been used as a plot device in an action movie yet? I love the sound it makes when the rotors speed up to catch the copter after a maneuver. SSL won't hide anything from anyone who really wants to see it, as they can set up an SSL proxy using a certificate that is trusted by your browser. The address bar will turn blue, and the certificate info will say something like, "issued to www.gmail.com, issued by [IT-obsessed corporation name here]". I'm not in the UK, but I think they just scan for the intermediate frequency used by TV receivers. The receiver combines the TV signal with another signal that's something like 10 or 16 MHz away from the broadcast frequency, in a way that results in the TV signal being shifted down to ~10-16MHz, where it is easier to decode. Some of that additional signal leaks back through the antenna, or is otherwise emitted by the equipment. For example, to see if you're watching a station at 87MHz, they'd scan for emissions at 77 or 97MHz. No window spying necessary. Corrections by those better versed than I in RF electronics and antenna theory are welcome. Old magnetic cassette and VHS tapes didn't keep time accurately enough to extract reliable data, but now we can analyse even cheap voice recorders. Hmm... It's been my experience that even miniDV cameras and digital audio recorders can have significant variations in their recording speed over time, which would have to be detected and corrected in order for this technique to work. I once tried to use a laptop with a USB audio interface to record audio and a DV camera for video, but could never sync up the audio and video because the video rate was fluctuating up and down. If I synced up the beginning and end of a clip, the middle would be off by up to half a second. Though there are techniques to detect and compensate for these variations (some of which were used to restore the wire recordings of Woody Guthrie released as The Live Wire), I'm not convinced the minute variations in the mains supply would survive. Possible countermeasure: narrow notch filters on every harmonic of the mains frequency plus a high-pass filter, or adaptive noise filtering (such as used by noise reduction audio plugins). Get those hums down into the single-bit levels and you'd need a huge sample size to extract any useful signal. Any statisticians want to comment on how much data would be required to conclusively identify time, place, and edits? Edit: another question: could it be possible to detect sample rate jitter caused by periodic variations in the voltage supplied to the sample rate clock generator, even after the noise is filtered out? Could it be counteracted by randomly resampling sections of the audio up or down by a few Hz? Prefetching could explain the occasional log entries I've seen where the page is retrieved by a modern, graphical browser (i.e. not lynx, links, elinks, w3m), but no images or stylesheets are downloaded. As was alluded to in the comments there, most of the loss was probably due to stretching and demagnetization of the two tapes. Generational loss would most likely consist of horizontal scanline offset (due to time base skew) and horizontal blurring, though eventually the time may get off far enough to cause some of the other artifacts seen in that video. I'm quite familiar with C, but I don't see the difference between the while and for loops in the trivia box on article 2 of the series. I would expect the while loop to compile something like this: while(condition) { // stuff i++; } becomes loop: if(!condition) goto end; // stuff i++; goto loop; end: I would expect the for loop to do this: for(;condition;i++) { // stuff } becomes loop: if(!condition) goto end; // stuff i++; goto loop; end: So what's actually going on? Ah, thanks. It makes perfect sense now. The banner at the top of the site boasts about winning a lawsuit to prevent someone else (Hasbro) from creating similarly-shaped dice, but the shapes look like they would have ancient origins. Not exactly my kind of company. I didn't read the parent post as justifying so much as explaining. Evolutionary or physiological explanations for behavior are useful in understanding the behavior. Some evolutionarily advantageous behaviors are morally positive, while some are morally negative (such as the examples you listed). With a proper understanding of the origins of desirable and undesirable behaviors (and, perhaps the reasons why they are considered desirable or undesirable), a society can better encourage and enforce the essential moral values that unite the society and allow it to function. I've found Sumatra to render extremely slowly when zoomed in past 100%, particularly on PDFs with high-res images and/or vector images. Are the other non-Adobe readers better at this? My younger brother had a similar experience with Ambien. He would take it, not fall asleep, and then get really weird (the only word to describe it). One time he started listening to dance music after taking an Ambien to try to fall asleep, and whatever he experienced, his roommates said he was jumping and screaming at the top of his lungs. And then there were the online posts with capitalization and spelling that looked like they'd been boiled in radioactive green goo... You might try corkscrew ( http://www.agroman.net/corkscrew/ ). It can tunnel a raw connection over many HTTP proxies. Some corporations block all outgoing ports, then use an HTTP+SSL proxy to filter and monitor all traffic (including SSL traffic). Use SSH over corkscrew through the proxy, with the ssh option to establish a local SOCKS proxy tunneled to the remote host, and you're good to go. IE6 is probably backward compatible with IE4, and most 16-bit Windows 3.1 apps will run on 32-bit Windows XP or Windows 7 (you can find screenshots of Windows 1.0 programs running on Vista). I suspect IE6 introduced a lot of non-standard features like non-standard Javascript functions, more VBscript, more ActiveX, etc. It simulates file creation, which can then be retrieved from your browser's cookies using a normal-looking URL. I like it. Incredibly clever indeed. I wouldn't necessarily recommend this approach, but the way I learned to read x86 assembly (I've never needed to write it, but I do write other assembly languages) was by reading Michael Abrash's Graphics Programming Black Book and disassembling a Windows driver for a piece of hardware in order to create a Linux driver. Having a practical motivation other than just "learning assembly language" can be beneficial. You could also try getting an embedded development kit, like the USB Bitwhacker, PICKit, or an AVR-based kit, and programming a microcontroller in assembly language. I can imagine extensions to this concept being applied to shape tweening in computer graphics and to materials science. I like how easily the arithmetic can be mapped onto a stack or tree structure. A Google search for "n e z coordinates" revealed that N stands for north or northings, E stands for east or eastings. Basically, it looks like they just swap X and Y. Someone please communicate this to the Gnome designers. The kernel does use object-oriented paradigms. I'm glad the mod operator is included, to make it easy to divide a page into n equally-sized blocks depending on some other parameter. I wonder if calc() will integrate with counters or otherwise allow the use of variables, or if that will remain the domain of JavaScript (I like having my pages work 100% without JavaScript if it's possible, to avoid NoScript issues). I guess I'll have to read the spec. For me, when I say I "have to" work on my startup, I'm really saying that it's what I want and love to do, and if I didn't do it, I'd spend my whole life wondering and regretting choosing the "safe" approach. The safe path will always be available in the future, as long as I keep my skills current, so why not live a little dangerously until I know for sure whether I'm good at it? I didn't mean to say it would be easy to support in any given software package :) I definitely agree. It is the simplicity of the POSIX userspace APIs and the Linux kernel internals that make me enjoy Linux so much. I still think there is some art to writing simple, efficient code, though. Most system-level code looks quite simple when it's done, but it may have taken several iterations to get it fast, clean, and small enough (particularly on embedded devices -- I once had to find 200 spare bytes to fit a bug fix in a 256KB firmware by hand optimizing various ancient parts of the code base). Anything he says is questionable, because their [sic] is no accountability. Personally, I don't usually read usernames until after I've read the post, if at all. I'd greatly prefer to evaluate posts based on their relevance, accuracy, and tone. Some posters, like grellas, have a unique style that is instantly recognizable half way through the post, so knowing the username isn't necessary anyway. Other times I've been surprised by the gender, nationality, or occupation of a commenter, and if I'd known that information beforehand, I don't think I would've got as much value from reading their posts. It wouldn't be fair to judge non-native english speakers this way. It's sometimes possible to discern a poor writer from a non-native writer, but to be fair, I'll try to find out if a writer is non-native before commenting on their grammar or judging the post based on a mistake. If the sea floor above the pocket is so fragile, what was to stop this disaster from occurring naturally some day, without having ever drilled? I've had spammers looking for open e-mail relays on a contact form on a personal site that gets one or two legitimate visits a month. Small sites can be an ideal target for spammers, as they're less likely to have time and money for intensive security analysis. Just use common sense measures to avoid things like SQL, JavaScript, or HTML injection and external abuse (such as from spammers, pirates, or script kiddies looking for an untainted host for their malware), have a DMCA procedure in place in case a user does find a way to host illegal content on your site and you're in the USA, and deal with any other issues as they happen. One could perceive antibiotics alone as ignoring a deeper root cause, such as the patient engaging in risky behavior (not washing hands, eating rotten food, etc.). A prescription for statins doesn't necessarily address why the body is producing excess cholesterol. But, of course, I am not in the medical field. Imagine a video library with every movie you've ever watched cataloged, searchable, and instantly viewable on any device you own. Then imagine that video library being smashed to bits by DRM and the DMCA. I see your point, and concede that some "root causes" should be out of scope for the medical field. I believe that solutions to problems should be sought by the appropriate groups at every stage of progression and every level of abstraction. However, during an actual patient/doctor visit, public health "root causes" should probably be at least discussed. There's also radians/sec, which comes up in network analysis. Radians correspond directly with things in the real world, like analog filters (cutoff frequency omega of a single-pole filter in rad/s=1/RC). Radians/sec are used because the math is a lot simpler. Switching to Hz puts pi into the equations, and switching to three-legged pi (thri?) would put 1/2 in the equations. one of my hacker friends is quite useless in the kitchen because he can't understand the concept of "roll with it" and reads the recipe like a program I used to be like this when I was in high school. I was preparing something almost fool-proof (Pasta Roni), and was devastated when I discovered I'd added the milk before directed. I was sure that it was going to crash and burn. When the food turned out just fine (as fine as boxed pasta can be, that is), I learned the valuable lesson that not everything requires engineering precision. There's an article today on Ars Technica/Nobel Intent related to this concept that considers the influence of language on spatial reasoning: http://arstechnica.com/science/news/2010/06/language-in-spac... I'd always wondered if maybe thinking in Japanese or German allows Japanese or German people to come up with better solutions to some computing or engineering problems. Thanks for sharing that link. Be careful with "as far as I know" -- since you haven't been running any virus detection software, you could well be infected. Of course, the risk of undetected infection for technically advanced users doesn't go down when antivirus software is installed, as advanced users know how to avoid the common or visible viruses. I don't disagree with you, and for what it's worth, I don't run antivirus software either unless I notice suspicious disk or network activity. Since I don't run untrusted binaries, use Adblock, Flashblock, and Firefox, keep my computer up to date, and avoid visiting unknown or potentially-risky web sites, I never have any problems. My point was that antivirus "believers" may not believe you. You can use Piklab for Linux. I have developed a complete firmware for a USB device using Piklab. You can buy a USB Bitwhacker from SparkFun, use Piklab for Linux to develop for it (in assembly), and use a command-line tool to flash it over USB (I can't remember the name of the tool). Or, you can buy a PICkit, and program the PIC directly without needing a bootloader. http://www.opencircuits.com/Main_Page is an electronics wiki. Is there a more generalized version of that pattern, perhaps something like this (I haven't checked): let P(n) be the nth prime number: P(1)=2, etc. let n be an integer >= 2, and m be an integer > n then P(m) ≡ 1 and (P(n) - 1) (mod P(n)) ? The financial benefit associated with iAds and location awareness provide an incentive. Where's the incentive to poison jailbreakers? One is significantly more plausible than the other. Are there apps available that show signal strength in real numbers (dBm) instead of "bars"? This is one of the reasons I prefer CDMA. It is really, really annoying to be in a public address setting (i.e. a church, auditorium, stadium) and hear peoples' phones in the sound system. Yes, it is a sign of a miswired installation, but in my experience it only happens with GSM phones. One word: patents. This is why I believe schools should require more rigorous legal training of engineering and computer science graduates. I've met too many engineers (one would be too many) who, when confronted with potential IP issues, say "who cares anyway?" Since Mozilla wants to distribute a free product to millions of users in the US, they have to care about patents, and that prevents them from including H.264. However, contrary to H.264, WebM is explicitly designed to avoid patents that aren't owned by Google/On2, so Microsoft could implement WebM with significantly less risk than Mozilla could implement H.264. While I would weigh pg's personal startup idea experience higher than the average person's, it is possible that, because YC deals with some of the "best of the best" in startups, his experience might suggest there are more good ideas than there really are (and the not-so-good ideas just don't apply to YC). Linux is mostly that easy, in my experience. It may be easier, since there are probably already drivers for most of your chips. At any rate, once you have a skeleton kernel mode driver, it's just a matter of tweaking it for other purposes. Some of them probably were curses-based, running on a central server feeding a dozen Wyse terminals around the building. DOS would be less surprising to me th an Windows 3.1 or 95, because DOS is still remotely useful in comparison to the latest MS software. It provides simple, direct access to the hardware with no scheduler in the way, so it's probably great for hackjob embedded systems. Buick? That's half of your problem right there. I used to drive a Buick (inherited), and I got rid of it as soon as I could. The handling, visibility, and overall user experience seem to be designed to create bad drivers. The seat backs force the driver to hunch over. The steering wheel either blocks visibility of the speedometer, or interferes with pedal access. The side mirrors are tiny , covering only a small fraction of the car's enormous blind spots. The suspension is so squishy that dodging an obstacle, making a turn, and even changing lanes all feel unsafe. The side pillars are directly blocking the important peripheral vision area, and the widshield pillars obscure multiple degrees of the driver's field of vision. I could continue. The only good thing I can say is that I was able to fit all of my DJ equipment, speakers included, into the car. Note: my experience was with a mid-90s model. Newer versions may have improved, but I'll stick to my 3 series, thanks. None of the major codec players promise to shield from or take responsibility for infringement, at least not for normal licenses. Not MPEG-LA, not Microsoft, not IEEE, not Google, not Fraunhofer. I believe you've misread the license. Google is granting a license to all patents they own or will acquire in the future, required for VP8 as they released it. If you modify your own version of VP8 so it infringes some other patent that wasn't infringed by the original, you don't automatically get a license for that other patent. In other words, you can freely make VP8 implementations without worrying about Google's VP8 patents, but you can't write your own patent license for any Google-owned patent you want by writing that patent into your own version of VP8. Since current 3D TVs also make decent 2D TVs, I don't think it'll be such a bad thing. If you're only interested in 2D, you could theoretically pass double-rate video marked as 3D, and get a 120Hz refresh rate. I don't know how HDMI 1.4 signals 3D vs 2D video, though, so you may need a video card (or dongle) that can send the right signal and/or flip the right bits in the HDMI signal. This link was valuable just for the introduction to OpenCV. Maybe the disconnect between single men and women could be resolved by a survey that asks a random sampling of men and women when they think it would be appropriate to approach or be approached by a potential SO, and finding the discrepancies. For example, if it is found that most "decent" men think it's rude to approach a woman at location X, but most "decent" women would prefer to be approached at location X, the men could be told to change their behavior. Maybe someone can suggest this to OkCupid (if it hasn't already been done); it seems they do a lot of statistical research already. Are you referring to this: You're covered unless Google decides they don't want to license one patent claim or another. ? Google is granting a license to all Google-owned and Google-acquired patents required by VP8. Google will be the largest user of VP8, so it is in their interest to acquire or defeat any VP8-related patents that may be discovered. Yes, I was just trying to clarify that situation for any other readers who may be surprised by the lack of indemnification. It's disappointing to see the comments section of the arxiv blog being used for spam. IEs4Linux might work for you then. It can install the original IE6, IE5.5, and IE5 under Wine. IIRC it uses a separate wine tree for each version, so there's no chance of the IE6 js interpreter being run in IE5. I almost never use i to get into insert mode. I use a or o almost exclusively. It would be nice if that table included the full versions of some of the commands. For example: :sp is equivalent to :split :vs is equivalent to :vsplit For me at least, the abbreviated commands become more intuitive if I know exactly what's being abbreviated (most of the time I type :vsplit instead of :vs anyway). Maybe the "California corporation" ethos is a part of their brand image. Some people may associate the "Deleware corporation" designation with scheming and untrustworthy businesses. They also have an emulator for 16-bit apps on 32-bit Windows, and for 32-bit apps on 64-bit Windows. My dream would be for Tesla Motors to become the biggest and most-loved of the "big 4" US automakers, along with Toyota, Nissan, and GMFordysler. I respect the money, engineering, and guts it took to start that company. I've found that, as a general rule, if you're tempted to ask, "Why hasn't anybody thought of this yet?" you're too late. I was frustrated the other day as I was reading in the newspaper about yet another non-tech-origins group filing for patents on old ideas with new technology (in this case, using a Wiimote to control the playback of a MIDI score). Naturally, the "inventors" were wondering why nobody'd ever done that before, and yet solo performers and Arduino-type digital artists have been using various types of sensors to do the same thing for quite a while. It looks like it only catches very common mistakes. For example: http://www.google.com/search?q=dyrn+vr%3B%3B+trdrstvj That should be 'stem cell research." There is a slight problem with one of the examples: void findMinMax(istream & input, double & min, double & max) // postcondition: min is the minimal value in stream input, // max is the maximal value in stream input { double min = DBL_MAX; // #include for DBL_MAX double max = DBL_MIN; double current; while (input >> current) { if (current = max) max = current; } } The DBL_MIN should be -DBL_MAX if non-positive numbers should be found, as DBL_MIN is the positive double value closest to zero, not the most-negative double value. My body fat percentage is somewhat lower than yours, but my experience is similar. Actually, I have to swim moderately vigorously to keep my face out of the water, even with full lungs. A pool activity I enjoy is laying on the floor with swim goggles, watching the water surface from below. I think a slightly customizable version of this would be useful, though too much customization can lead to people developing instinctive defenses against the scheduled shutdown (like I sometimes do with maxvisit/minaway by opening enough tabs all at once to occupy me for the minaway duration). I suggest reading the e-mails of the executive-level management (including Gates) that were disclosed in the antitrust case and in Comes v. Microsoft. Aggressive lock-in was a conscious and deliberate part of their business strategy. A mountain of evidence and testimony is available from http://groklaw.net/ . The main advantage of a BeagleBoard over a Mini-ITX system is significantly lower power consumption. The entire BB can run on a single USB port (5V 500ma). Otherwise, cell phones would be running Intel and AMD processors. The USB interface still has issues. They've supposedly fixed them in rev. C4, but I have a C3. My main concern apart from the USB stuff is being able to buy enough units in quantity, with a reasonable turnaround time, if the BB (or any other hobby board) is used in a design. pg's article on I think it's awesome that usernames are so de-emphasized in HN that one can respond directly to a comment by the site's creator without realizing it (or perhaps you did realize, but deliberately chose to use the third person[1]). Though HN obviously has reputation built in with karma and well-known members with well-deserved notoriety, it's very easy to ignore names and evaluate posts solely on their merits. I believe this can be a useful tool when implementing the suggestion of others to consider aggregated information from multiple sources. [1] Will grammarians one day create formal rules for forum posts? I believe I read recently that some experimental logic circuits work best when creating an "implies" gate (fewer circuit elements vs a nand), so implies is used as the fundamental gate. Edit: jonsen's post has better information. I was indeed thinking of a memristor. I heard of a VP of a pro audio equipment company who was on a quest to eliminate red LEDs from the front panels of all audio equipment (red LEDs are a de facto standard to indicate a clipping or error condition). Last I heard, he's no longer employed there. Add client-side Java and JavaFX to that list. Sun was already failing on the desktop, but Oracle seems to have even less interest. Thank goodness HTML5+js will soon reach enough penetration to replace Java as a portable application framework. The physical information on there is valuable to someone . For example, it's required knowledge for understanding memory latencies and BIOS memory timings (valuable information for overclockers). Even if programmers spend most of their time working dozens of layers of abstraction above the transistor, a rough understanding of where their work fits into the "big picture" can't be a bad thing. I was very close to trying this for a recent apartment search, but I finally landed a place just before I crossed the threshold. I spent quite a bit more than 30 hours cumulatively, though, so I could have saved a lot of time for more productive tasks. Ethernet is supposed to be AC coupled through transformers, so PoE which is DC doesn't (or shouldn't) affect non-PoE devices. The DC voltage is the same on both wires in a differential pair, so no DC current flows through the transformer's input coil either. PoE is extracted at the center tap of the transformer. If the designers of this new standard have any sense, they'll have done it the same way. So sorry, no fireworks today. So reloading the original firmware doesn't reactivate the warranty? There may be better ways of calculating brightness values for determining true perceptual contrast. Some starting points for the curious: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorspace http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YUV http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HSL_and_HSV http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YIQ The sample images at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HSL_and_HSV#Disadvantages show the difference between various brightness calculations. I found the HSV/HSL article immensely useful on a semi-recent project, as Google seems to have forgotten about the original references I used when I first learned about those two colorspaces (i.e. students' and professors' personal web sites, found using the Altavista search engine). I suspect that an increasing number of hackers rely upon HN for the majority of their news, myself included. Since "hacking the system" is a popular subject on HN, personal interest stories that show how "the system" works, or doesn't work, are of interest to enough readers to bring those stories to the front page. While I agree that there is a net benefit to granting some form of exclusivity to creators, much of your argument appears to address a hypothetical world in which the current protections are suddenly replaced with none at all. I'd be very interested in a consideration of what would happen a hundred years later, when copyright is just a historical footnote on Wikipedia. Would there still be superstars of creation (like Pixar, Rowling, etc.) who find new ways of exploiting their creations? Or would we eventually find a way to crowdsource enormous cinematic and literary creations, with, as you said, the creation being owned by everybody and nobody? Would society as a whole benefit in the long term, despite losing out on the future creations of our current creative powerhouses? If by application you mean registration, then yes, it is required for some purposes, at least in the US: http://www.copyright.gov/help/faq/faq-general.html#register I suggest watching the movie The Final Cut with Robin Williams. It considers a world where parents pay to have organic PVRs implanted into their unborn children's brains. Every waking moment or dream is recorded, and the children are told when they reach 21 years old. The ostensible purpose of the implants is for video eulogies. If there's going to be a camera in my car, it's going to be under my control, not remotely accessible by a third party who may or may not be police on a legitimate investigation. The feathery sections look a lot like images generated by iterated function systems (IFS). I wonder if the roots of some polynomial using parameters of the IFS generator as coefficients are exactly those points that will be drawn by the IFS generator, hence the similar patterns. Seeing the random-looking patterns gradually converge reminds me of playing with IFS parameters until patterns start to form and gradually coalesce into a solid shape. Whenever I think a site that was even and thorough is becoming biased, I have to ask myself if they were actually biased before, but are now becoming more fair. Sometimes I conclude that I was the one who was biased. This is awesome . Just yesterday I was this close to posting an Ask HN looking for a syntax highlighting REPL, and considering writing one myself someday if nobody else does. My addiction to syntax highlighting can now be satisfied without having to fire up Vim or gedit to edit a script. Maybe if I think hard enough about posting an Ask HN for a syntax highlighting bash command prompt, someone will write one of those, too ;). What's the easiest way to remap keys on a Mac, if I'm using Synergy to send the key events from my Linux/Windows PC? I always assumed that was laziness on the part of the designers, and decided to make my layouts as fluid as possible as a result. But, since I'm more of a code guy than a CSS guy, I'd end up spending hours perfecting the layout, instead of developing, and I'd end up setting max-width and min-width anyway (to wide ranges, something like 600 to 1500px, but I'd use em). I also always used em for units, in case the user was using large fonts. I always hated a site with lots of text that fixed its width to something small like 550px, until I found out about the Readability bookmarklet. So, 1: is there a good reason not to use fluid layouts? 2: What should a code guy like me do to minimize time spent designing prototype fluid layouts, before I'm ready to pay for design? This is one instance where C++ and C are, indeed, the same. However, the languages do have their differences, so I would caution those developers who don't tend to read standards not to assume that C and C++ will behave identically when given valid C code. Obviously, having referenced the C++ standard yourself, you are aware of such caveats. 6.5.6.8 from ISO/IEC 9899:201x draft of March 1, 2009: ...If both the pointer operand and the result point to elements of the same array object, or one past the last element of the array object, the evaluation shall not produce an overflow; otherwise, the behavior is undefined.... Wouldn't it be possible to optimize floating point multiplication by 2.0f (or any power of two) to an addition or subtraction on the exponent? I would hope that the 76 who didn't have proper credentials were at least evaluated on performance before their dismissal. If any of those 76 were actually excellent teachers, firing them on credentials alone without offering the opportunity to earn their credentials while working is a tragic loss, and smells of union-inspired member protection. Disclaimer: both of my parents are teachers. So would moving the floating point value into an integer register, shifting, incrementing, ORing, etc. ever be faster than a full FP addition? I imagine that modern desktop CPUs have effectively-single-cycle multiply, but what about something like ARM with VFP but no Neon? I would see myself ordering a bunch of Ubuntu systems from someone like Dell if I were a large business issuing them to my employees. Since I'm small, I always roll my own. I see the reasoning behind their decision, though I don't have to like it. IMO the best way to get Linux in the hands of the masses is through devices that almost replace PCs, but aren't PCs themselves, like phones, tablets, home media servers, etc. I like the algorithmic reversibility, but this seems to depend on a specific site layout. Would something like this be possible for abitrary URLs without actually making them longer? Simply converting to base 60 or 64 wouldn't work, but since most URLs have characters that are close to each other, what about storing the differences between characters and/or using Huffman coding (or something similar) to give shorter symbols to the most common characters/differences? Maybe a preshared dictionary of common URL components? I felt like a small part of humanity died when we lost commercial supersonic transit, as I hate seeing our race lose any kind of technological capability. Though I doubt I'd use it myself, I'm glad to see someone is trying to bring supersonic flight back, and targeted at those who will benefit most: executives whose time costs more than plane tickets. just install some good games (not Minesweeper) on their workstations, and let them relax that way How about a game that rewards employees for completing work tasks? Like, for every customer-reported bug triaged or minute of audio transcribed, you get x gold to spend in the game. Maybe even integrate the work tasks into the game, like that old Atari game where you had to send the right meal orders to the right tables -- show categories as buckets, and bugs as falling descriptions. Earn in-game rewards by correctly categorizing bugs faster than the average. Heck, if someone wants to work on this idea, I'd probably put my current project on hold and join them. To address the potential complaint that source control logs aren't as immediately accessible as source code comments, most editors and IDEs can hook into cvs/svn/git/Perforce, and most source control systems can insert the log into the source directly. Eclipse keeps track of TODO and FIXME comments, and can sync them with a bug database. Would you care to elaborate on what you mean by "portable timed join?" A join with a timeout? If that's the case, I'm guessing you work around it by using some other synchronization method that does support timeouts. It sounds like that judge would understand the role of copyrighted material in culture, and how the strictest interpretations of what constitutes infringement, coupled with insanely long copyright terms, can stifle cultural participation and turn us into a one-way-only society. It might be enough to shorten only the most common sites and platforms' URL forms. Nice. It's like a modern day LOGO, which is what got me interested in programming when I was 4 or 5. The origins of the "printer on fire" error message are actually quite interesting -- IIRC the error is generated if the printer status lines indicate an impossible state that a normal printer would never produce. I feel your pain. I've decided that after my current big Java project, I'm going to move into HTML5+CSS3/Ruby web apps. I've seen what people are doing with JS these days, and I wonder why I'm still writing my UI in C++/Qt and Java. I find Sunoracle's lackadaisical treatment of Java 7 and JavaFX unacceptable. Neither Street View itself nor the ability to move within it are useless. I use Street View to locate the entrances to unfamiliar stores, find parking, identify landmarks, etc., saving myself a considerable amount of time spent driving (and CO2 emissions). Here's something from Android: http://code.google.com/p/compcache/ It kind of sounds like you're describing a sparse array. One problem with audio is that it lacks the facial microexpressions that would be visible to a keen interviewer in a live interview. By nature I'm somewhat of an introvert, so I have to apply a conscious effort to speak out at parties and other social events. I see this as a great excuse for myself and others like me to keep practicing and improving. The fact that your personality type is "introverted" doesn't mean you actually have to remain an introvert. I believe I read somewhere that research into tHz-blocking clothing was done along with the development of these devices. However, I doubt we'll soon see a booming market for metalized underpants in the duty-free zone. I too have thought about sending a harmless message through the scanner, but came to the conclusion that it wouldn't be worth the inevitable harassment. Last I checked (which was a while ago), I don't think they were scanning inside 7-zip (.7z) archives. I've read that, for some systems, they use microcontrollers and opamps to precisely emulate the original tube's current and temperature response characteristics. They say in the video that it's a "metallic glass." I wonder if they figured out a way to make it transparent, or maybe it can be used to turn the entire surface of the device into a capacitive touch interface, on top of being insanely strong and elastic. I wonder if they (LiquidMetal) made any baseball bats in addition to their golf clubs... It really depends on the sound chip. My emu10k1-based SBLive 5.1 used to be really awesome for digital out (with a small hack to reset the chip every time I switched from DD/DTS back to PCM), but it has gotten worse over the past 8 years. I eventually switched to 5.1 analog output, sacrificing Pro Logic decoding for stereo sources. MythTV supposedly supports wake on lan, but I've got a file server that runs 24/7 to double as a MythTV box so I haven't tried it. Unfortunately, there's less and less on OTA HD that I'm interested in recording. I'd say that's a debatable point. In the current market, I'd agree with you -- there are plenty of people willing to spoon feed consumers, so if you don't, you'll be left in the cold. Whether it's good for society's long-term prospects, however, is another matter. I believe that widespread apathy and general ignorance will be among the primary causes of the demise of western civilization. Note, however, that I am not arguing against specialization. I'll be first in line to encourage people not to care too much about details in one area in order to focus on another, but if they don't care about anything , I take exception. And 90% of the value of the latest iOS devices. IANAQP and I haven't read the paper, but I've read the article, and the logical interpretation of the article is that increasing the physical scale of the oxygen atom position fractal would increase the superconductive temperature. Microsoft was preceded by Traf-O-Data. I've found it's useful to look through the man pages of commonly-used tools for an option to prevent traversing filesystems. Is it also possible that increased water in the bloodstream resulted in less food being stored as fat and/or more fat being used as energy? I would suggest making the "Most recent 20 edits" section grow down instead of growing up (i.e. insert the new edits at the top of the list). (some of the stars got stripped by HN so the above won't work) Try putting a couple of spaces in front of your code line, like this: cat file | perl -p -e "s/.*from ([0-9\.]+).*/\1/g" See http://news.ycombinator.com/formatdoc Edit: for simple regexes, sed works well, too, and probably loads slightly faster than perl. It's interesting that the latest Java does not include the var keyword, as JavaFX (which is modeled after JavaScript) uses the var keyword and does type inference on regular Java types. Some older pitch correction devices, like the Lexicon PCM-81, aren't that great at snapping the pitch on their own (or can't do it at all), and need a keyboard playing the correct notes. What's worse, a 2048-point FFT is only accurate to 22Hz at a 44100Hz sample rate (1024 bins equally spaced across the entire frequency range from 0Hz to 22050Hz, each bin about 22Hz wide). The closest bins should be centered at 215.332Hz and 236.865Hz, so maybe Audacity is using some kind of interpolation/extrapolation to identify a peak at 216Hz, but I wouldn't trust it without a higher resolution. It's not hard to switch to 65536, but then you're taking more time data into account, and the note in question probably wasn't 1.5 seconds long. At first I have to admit I didn't quite get the point of Bespin, but I've realized its incredible power as I've come to appreciate the web as a viable platform for most applications. I will probably use it when I transition one of my current projects to the web, and look forward to seeing what others do with it. I have only one complaint so far: alt+left/right is used to move by words instead of the more common ctrl+left/right. [This comment was edited with Bespin bookmarklet] You can also use :sh to get to a shell, then type exit to get back to Vim. Would this be allowed in an iPhone application, since it's all C? Whenever the urge to game strikes, I’m going to ask myself the following questions: * Have I exercised today? * Are the house and yard tidy? * Have I run all of my errands? * Have I written and/or edited at least two articles for Get Rich Slowly? * Does my inbox have fewer than 20 messages? What we need now is a mod for Steam that asks the right questions before starting any games. It could be partially automated, synchronizing with your e-mail inbox and task calendar. Some Zip applications show uncompressed files as being compressed with the "Store" algorithm instead of "Deflate". When dealing with users who may not be completely familiar with package management, and creating a single cross-platform package, it can be very helpful to prevent the data and its installer from being separated. It's a very simple way to bundle some logic with an archive as well, as the script can be modified after it is generated. Vacations needn't be expensive. Sure, there's a loss of one week's income generation, but it's possible to have a fantastic week away on what it would cost to talk to a lawyer for half an hour. Some examples: camping and fishing, eating what you catch to save on food; rock climbing; backpacking; etc. I've thought about this a bit more, and I think it would be possible to make this a web service. You become friends with a bot, which then checks your online status and your Gmail inbox, and texts you or messages you in-game telling you that you have e-mail. Please let me know if anybody actually implements this or wants a hand doing so. I found this article lacking in concrete suggestions. What can be done to improve the situation? Should we paint the walls of CS classrooms pink? Hire female architects to design the engineering buildings on university campuses? Maybe one of the reasons for the gender disparity in software engineering in particular is that it revolves around logical analysis and direct steps from problem to resolution, while women are (stereotypically) more adept at emotional reasoning than logical reasoning. If so, what, if anything should be done to correct this? I have a Samsung Epic 4G from Sprint (I really wanted a physical keyboard). I like the hardware, and Android 2.1 seems pretty decent, but Sprint included a bunch of uninstallable crapware that clutters the Applications list, and the battery life is below 24 hours with the phone mostly idling and wifi and 4G off (I played Pandora for .5 hours on 3G/4G as I was driving). I hope it gets fully cracked so I can put a more battery-saving firmware on it. Therefore we recommend that the current HDCP cryptosystem should be abandoned and replaced with standard cryptographic primitives. So does this mean that all new equipment will quickly switch to DisplayPort, necessitating another round of TV/monitor upgrades? Or will the HDMI organization add DPCP (AES) to the HDMI standard? [Edit: it was mentioned elsewhere* in the thread that HDCP 2.0 uses AES] * http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1691794 It doesn't completely render BD+ useless, as BD+ can be used to watermark the video signal according to the player model (and hypothetically other variables, like location, IP address, or player serial number). So, to avoid identification, pirates would need to crack BD+, or combine the output from multiple players to obscure the watermarking. Another problem with cracking the transport instead of the storage medium, is that to rip from HDMI you have to play the movie at normal speed, while ripping straight from disc can be done much faster. I was a minor participant in the tvtime project years ago. HDMI and HDCP came around and made that kind of thing highly improbable for HD content. CPUs and GPUs are now at speeds that make advanced HD video manipulation practical. I hope this HDCP crack, if verified, makes a tvtime-like application for HDMI video possible. Better yet, a PC-based realtime compositing and overlay system, requiring only a $100 GeForce GPU and HDMI capture cards. The beat detection section was most interesting to me, as I spent a lot of time trying (and mostly failing) to do reliable beat detection when I was in high school for an XMMS plugin. It amazes me that this is now possible in a web browser. The post no longer mentions SproutCore, instead referring to "a new startup in the mobile applications space." A comment mentioning SproutCore remains, however. Were these IMs obtained from server logs, or from participants in the conversations? There's the HDDBOOST, from SilverStone, though it almost sounds like you were just begging someone to link to it ;) Some benchmarks: http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=silve... I find their secret OEM agreements banning dual-boot and OS-free systems to be far more egregious. Very few people seem to remember BeOS, and how Toshiba (IIRC) shipped thousands of computers with BeOS and Windows, but because of Microsoft's OEM agreements there was no boot menu, so very few people used the BeOS partition. Had those agreements not been in place, we might see a lot more use of CP/M-86, BeOS, or other operating systems. It's quite strange that the Criticism of Microsoft page doesn't even mention BeOS. There's also the incident of designing Windows to crash if run on DR-DOS (they didn't simply not support it, they went out of their way to crash on purpose). -- Regarding the complaints about capitalism and "ruined lives," I think it might be helpful to decide whether one wants to maximize, minimize, or ignore the worst case, average case, and best case quality of life. It seems that pro-capitalist arguments support the average and best cases (i.e. middle class and wealthy), while disregarding the worst cases (the ruined lives). Anti-capitalist arguments, on the other hand, appear to focus on the worst-case outcomes. One must remember that a single machine could serve many, many users via terminals. I'm not personally aware of any specific name for it, but I used search terms in the neighborhood of "SSD hybrid adapter" to find the Phoronix article. I like mapping page up and page down to history-search-backward and history-search-forward in /etc/inputrc or ~/.inputrc. It works much like the bang commands. Ubuntu and Debian have the appropriate lines commented out; other distros might enable such a mapping by default (Mandriva did when I used it last). "\e[5~": history-search-backward "\e[6~": history-search-forward Some other useful entries: # ctrl-left, ctrl-right "\e[1;5C":forward-word "\e[1;5D":backward-word "\e[5C":forward-word "\e[5D":backward-word "\e\e[C":forward-word "\e\e[D":backward-word It's possible that adults with US driver's licenses, having been trained to look left first, then right, when crossing traffic, may do so in pedestrian situations as well (such as entering a crowded gymnasium). I imagine a lot of D-Bus traffic is at least multicast, such as window state notifications, media player status notifications, etc. Interestingly enough, I was thinking about this very domain name for a very similar application. I've written a logic simulator (of sorts) in C with a Qt frontend that supports multiple data types on wires, designed for home automation. What I did was just have separate run, step, and reset buttons next to the design canvas. Is that what you did before? What made it feel unnatural or unclean? There's not some crowd of elite "mods" voting you down, it's anybody who's reached a certain karma threshold (probably ~200). Sometimes rational comments will be downvoted right away by a few early and angry jerks, but the scores will later be corrected by upvoters. But, since that was your last comment, I suppose it is pointless to reply. Some on-topic points: 1. Energy efficiency in terms of joules per kilogram per kilometer is a constant, regardless of the actual dollar cost of the fuel. 2. 50 years is a very long time to come up with the technology to replace fossil fuels, hopefully with cheap fission and eventually fusion. 3. Modern civilization thrives on being able to disregard geographic barriers. We could never have a global society if transportation of physical goods became impossible. So, since we (as a society) won't accept the defeat of modern civilization, we will simply find another way to continue to exist. If that means replacing fossil fuels, then it will happen. What about using vertical farms just for semi-exotic plants that fetch a higher price? Instead of expecting to feed a city of 15 million on skyscraper farms, just grow things that have to be 100% fresh in order to be tasty, and sell them to upscale restaurants and gourmet markets. This question may be prompted by an unawareness of more up-to-date information, but is it conceivable that the cirrhosis is caused by metabolites of other chemicals in soda or diet soda, such as possibly toxic byproducts of aspartame metabolism? I don't know about your case, but in general it may be possible that some "random HR guy" restricts the managers from personally informing their employees, maybe to ensure that all employees are given the same information (and not given information HR doesn't want to reveal). Maybe it's to prevent one manager from letting his/her subordinates spread the word. Of course I'm just a 19-year-old kid. Someone who's worked on a large software project should tell me if they like my theory or not. Your post would be just fine if you left that line off. It was well-stated, agrees reasonably with my experience, and provides concrete points that can easily be addressed by anyone who disagrees. My next suggestion would be to try it yourself: join a large software project. Is it possible for a Chrome extension to access desktop settings, such as the background? When I used to ride a bicycle, I would lay my bike down in the sensor ring that opened my apartment complex's gate. Simply riding over it wouldn't work. I've been waiting for a pico-projector-enabled phone since I saw The Island. TV channels actually span a much wider range than just near 500MHz. Channel 2 starts at 54MHz, while the highest UHF station is near 800MHz. There are gaps in the middle to accommodate other uses, such as FM radio. Some of what you want is here: http://news.ycombinator.com/lists Note to self: it's probably not worth reading a site that disables context menus for no good reason. Probably not, but it might bankrupt them. Not to mention that e-mail is not guaranteed to be secure, so if your ISP or their mail server doesn't support encrypted connections, someone could be listening and reschedule your flight for you. Windows don't raise unless clicked. They only take keyboard focus when hovered. Of course, desktop environments like Gnome and KDE don't do this anymore by default, to accommodate the converts from Windows and MacOS. Edit: the focus-stealing prevention already built into window managers could be combined with the gaze tracking to allow you to type into one window while reading from another. You can (or could) also get focus follows mouse on Windows using one of the Power Toys applications. OS X may be as hackable as Linux, but it doesn't seem as easy to find out how. It took me days to find the MacOS equivalent to xorg.conf mode lines, for example. I can hear the 50Hz modulation caused by the 20ms frames in the Codec2 samples. It's particularly problematic on the sibilants from the female sample. Codec2 seems to have a wider frequency response, but MELP is more intelligible. That said, it sounds like a great version 0.1, and look forward to hearing what comes in the future. I've always wondered if some human languages work better with speech codecs than others, ever since I saw someone having a cell phone conversation in an Asian language without appearing confused or asking for clarification (based on facial expression, body language, and conversation pacing). My experience speaking English on cell phones is one of constantly repeating myself. Can anyone recommend a voltage level translator for the Beagleboard? Edit: to interface between the 1.8V I/O of the OMAP and the 5V I/O commonly used by other devices. Actually, that sounds like a very interesting idea. Is this already used in practice, and does it end up being a problem? If it's already being done, are the features that are unlocked worth the forced spam? That's pretty sweet. Thanks for posting the link. Now to find something for the TTL serial LCD I have... I think bioengineering is one field where real advances are being made. If I could go back in time, I might tell myself to get into developing software and hardware for abiogenesis and genetic engineering research. I'd say to myself, "There's a lot more to learn than cloning a sheep." I expect to see some exciting discoveries in this area over the next decade, like artificial lifeforms, using base life-related chemicals to produce alternative fuels, etc. +1 for patching save games :) I hex-edited my Commander Keen save games to get effectively unlimited lives and ammo. I'm glad to see at least one other person was motivated by the same concept. I think that Google's major shortcoming is that searches for specific subjects rarely lead to a canonical source of information on the subject. Instead the top results are full of forums, Usenet scrapes, and content-sparse SEO link farms. As I recall I run into this when searching for Linux kernel internals or library documentation. I find lots of error messages and forum posts, but no documentation targeted at programmers. For common library calls a manual page will often be in the top results, which is helpful, but it seems that documentation from the official project site (if it exists), the git commit that introduced a function, or source code containing the function would be more useful. Next time I run into a search that would have a more appropriate best answer I'll try to post it here. Maybe it would be possible to identify tracks not known to MusicBrainz by uploading them to Youtube and seeing who sends the automated takedown notice. Something like this would certainly have helped me during high school and university, but I suspect schools may view it as competing against themselves by showing students all they need to know, thus allowing them to skip school and learn the exact same material on their own. I don't think it would be extremely difficult; just phase in additional permissions with better granularity. Additionally, add an "ask me every time" permission that pauses the application and displays a confirmation dialog for each request, allowing the user to always accept or reject future requests made by that particular line of code. I would add a brief textual description of why the application is requesting each permission. If on the permissions screen, I saw something like this: Access personal data - FooBarApp accesses your contacts to send and receive them over Bluetooth when requested. I would be a bit more comfortable installing things. I just want a better market search. This is Google, for crying out loud! I want to be able to sort and filter by rating, date updated, price, alphabetically, permissions required, etc. Also, I'd prefer to display all prices in my local currency, so I don't have to look up how much a .99euro app costs based on today's exchange rate. Some areas don't have scenes relevant to a particular idea. Believe it or not, random small towns do occasionally produce the odd skilled hacker, who is then geographically isolated and needs an online way of connecting with the rest of the tech world. Non sequitur. Your second statement does not follow from the first. First you state what medical care is not, then as an example, state something else medical care is not that appears unrelated to the first. More constructively, saying that medical care cannot help with obesity is unnecessarily restricting the definition of medical care. Further, obesity is a factor in life expectancy, so measuring life expectancy is a reasonable proxy for measuring obesity, and to some extent, vice versa. It would help the legitimate apps justify their case for requiring insane-looking permissions. This wouldn't be in the market description, but rather on the permissions screen. Maybe something like 50 characters per permission. Perhaps just "Ask me later" when installing, then a single prompt the first time the app uses a particular permission? It was as though for years I'd been sorting through piles of disconnected car parts -- only to be suddenly confronted with those same parts assembled into a gleaming red Ferrari, door open, keys swinging from the lock and engine gently purring with a promise of power... Great imagery. Thanks for sharing the link. In my (admittedly terse) response I was trying to say that medical care, or perhaps more appropriately health care, should include preventive care, such as obesity reduction. I suspect that health-related death has a much greater influence on life expectancy than accidents or crime, even if the US homicide rate is 8.7 per 100000, but would accept compelling evidence to the contrary. If you ask a mathematician, everything is or can be described by math. I'm inclined to agree when it comes to software. Software is just a domain-specific mathematical notation for expressing algorithms in a machine-parsable way. You could save yourself a lot of time and money by sharing the costs of the defense. Perhaps independent developers feel like prisoners (slaves may be too strong a word) where the wardens are software patents. If you ask the FSF, non-Free software is unethical for "enslaving" the knowledge contained in the software (though I think that position goes a bit too far). Should that be a consideration when deciding whether to abolish software patents? If nothing else, the USPTO can grandfather the existing patents in, but restrict the ability of their owners to use them aggressively. When does the number of exploits reach "staggering"? Is there a single software project on the planet that doesn't "silently" fix bugs? Are you referring to active exploits, or total historic exploits? ...does anyone really believe that writing a letter will get something done? Perhaps not, but a large enough flood of letters from actual software developers may slightly nudge USPTO policy for the better until someone lobbies Congress to force the USPTO to change. Here's my message: http://nitrogen.posterous.com/letter-to-uspto-regarding-bils... I hope you are able to finish your consulting when you expect, but it's my experience that it almost always takes longer. Sounds like a still picture version of a Flip Video camera. http://news.ycombinator.com/formatdoc (linked next to the about box on your account settings page) A Google search for "link: http://news.ycombinator.com/formatdoc site:news.ycombinator.com" shows that others have requested more links to the formatting help. I believe there are radar detectors with a database of speed traps tied to a GPS receiver, but I'm not sure how they are updated. I agree that integration into a navigation system would be very useful, and technologically straightforward. What are the absolute rates? Here was a quote I enjoyed from your link that borders on tautology: My more than 30 years of traffic safety research leaves little doubt that the 2 factors that overwhelmingly determine an individual’s risk in traffic are (1) the individual’s behavior and (2) the behavior of other road users. Why does the author need over 30 years of research to come to this conclusion? I wonder if drug users compose a higher proportion of speeders than general members of the population. It seems that random stops should be just as successful at finding illicit substances. The theory is that forcing people to pay attention, well, makes them pay more attention. It seems to me that faster speeds may also force people to pay more attention, as each driving decision occurs in a shorter timespan. As for urban/suburban speeding, the risk factors (pedestrians, children, intersections) are completely different, and increased speeds would clearly increase risk, as well as slow overall traffic flow as fewer cars could successfully turn onto fast-moving streets. I've upvoted you, because I don't think being misinformed is worth -4. 0 or -1, maybe. Do you have a source for the cell phone claim? I'm curious to know if there is a rational argument behind it, or just a speculative guess by a journalist. ...until then, officials say Flash and Silverlight are still going to remain approved and viable web technologies. Who are these officials that approve of Flash and Silverlight as web technologies superior to HTML5? I've never heard of a Flash working group at the W3C. The closest I found is someone asking for W3C involvement in 2008: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/311802/w3c-involvement-in... Herein lies the big problem with software patents: patents are supposed to cover inventions, but with software they cover ideas. A completely different implementation in code could still infringe a sufficiently vague software patent. Possible translation: "Whatever it takes, but no more"? On step 4, AddRoundKey, shouldn't e5+17 be fc, not f2? Or is AES using something other than simple 8-bit modular arithmetic? It looks like the author did the arithmetic in his/her head, and accidentally used decimal for the second digit (5 + 7 = 12, mod 10 = 2). It would be nice if all stories involving a location include a link to satellite or aerial photos of the location on Google Maps or similar. I want to zoom in on those ruins. That's what I get for learning programming years before entering college. I forget standard mathematical notation, since I always use programming language operators (like ^) in my head. Further, I only checked the first row to make sure it was actual addition, and obviously 0xa0 + 0x04 == 0xa0 ^ 0x04. I should've just checked here first (includes an image of the slide in question): http://stackoverflow.com/questions/839479/what-does-a-circle... It's a lot easier if you build a motorized cover in from the start. I suspect there is an optimum speed at which the greatest number of students are able to understand, and I suspect that it isn't the slowest speed possible. In late elementary and junior high school I recall getting in trouble for being ahead of the class, particularly in computer-related classes and assignments. A faster pace would've allowed students like me to benefit from the class, but may have left slower students behind.