> They pay VAT for sells in your country. It doesn't matter if it's consumer or a company paying the tax, the amount is added to the price. If you want them tax then increase that. VAT is tax for consumers, not corporations. > Why do you feel entitled to profits of the company that isn't based in your country? Because those profits are made from sales in that country, and every physical company selling in that country pays their taxes, just because Internet-based companies can avoid having a physical presence to perform their sales (Amazon still has warehouses), doesn't make them exempt from the same logic. Are you aware that "the government" changes every ~5 years and the majority of recent French Presidents and their parliaments have been on different political spectrums? There is no "they". So what Sarkozy's government was doing was radically different than what Hollande tried to do in the first part of his mandate (he rolled back quickly when he saw it's not making anything better), and it's also different than what Macron is doing. At least the last one is actively trying to improve on tons of things, including what you're bitching about - regulations. You're so far behind. They rebranded Lync to Skype for Business, which at least looked like regular Skype, trying to target younger people, but really sucked. Then they abandoned SfB and now we're on Teams, which imitates Slack and integrates SharePoint and all that shit, but works relatively well even if it's UX is pretty poor, there are bugs and it's cloud-only, contrary to the old SfB. GDPR and the California law inspired by it. And not everyone lives in the US. How much do you think it costs in USD for an app developer in a developing country to create an app, and how much is that $99/year as a percent of yearly income? > but they will still prosecute individual soldiers when they feel like it, e.g. Graner and England for Abu Ghraib, but obviously not for war crimes And were they brought to justice and sentenced for their crimes? No. A sham trial isn't sufficient for war crimes. Don't worry, nobody actually trust the FAA anymore. It will take decades to undo the damage. > The industry was very heavily regulated globally before Chernobyl and Fukushima, but look what happened Gross incompetence and huge design issues 40 years ago on one hand, and complacency+incompetence that required a huge natural disaster to pose a problem, and even then it resulted in less death and destruction than the evacuation, the natural disaster itself or your regular fossil fuel power plant? Not sure that's a good example. I'm sorry, but from a neutral perspective (i'm not American), but what's the problem here? He was(probably still is) a science denier or egotistical ( knew there was an issue but thought it won't impact him during his lifetime). Yes, he deserves for his house to burn down as a lesson, and if he had burned with it it would have maybe taught that lesson to other idiots in power refusing reality. Natural selection. No, the real problem with WordPress is security and code quality of plugins, of which you require a lot. You could have just used the same Hugo version as initially. It's a moving project and yeah, there have been a lot of changes, with some breaking ones (usually for good reason). How so? Incentivising people to help (via PR) is great. It's like incentivising people to donate blood or similar "everyone benefits" scenarios. (Yes, of course, blatant spam doesn't help anyone and is disgusting, I'm talking about in general) How are they different as long as they are not spam? Good contributions are good contributions and help, regardless if there's a crappy t-shirt or not in exchange for them Isn't it worst off? It's a meaningful contribution worse off. Do you take the same stance with people who are paid to make OSS contributions? At this point, as a non-American, i feel like you people accepting to have a credit rating system is ludicrous. It's fundamentally broken, has been exposed multiple times, requires gaming to work in yiur favour ("open a credit card as soon as you can, pay little things with it and pay it off immediately to beef up a good score") and brings nothing to you , the people. For comparison, in France, the national bank keeps a record of all loans anyone has taken. When you apply for a new loan, the bank will check with the national one your history, and decide based on that to lend or not, and inform the national bank of their decision. I suppose Americans can be afraid that "the government" will know their loan history in such a system, but it's not like they can't currently ask and het that information, and they're still more trustworthy than commercial companies that don't care about you ( their clients being banks and companies) or your data beyond their sales. But it's not like anyone on the US would dare to destroy a profitable industry. No, the FBI already said, "antifa" is not an organised group or movement, so you can't label an idea/ideal/goal "terrorist". Seems to work great in the US, where the nutjbobs with guns and "muh free speech" are at the forefront of fighting against democracy and defending the party and officials doing the most to harm it. And even if Google did do the same kind of shit with Android, it has an open source base, and there are distributions ( LineageOS to name one) over which Google has no control whatsoever. > The US Constitution does protect Americans from the federal government, though, far more than almost any Western nation Citation needed. ( And don't forget, there aren't that many federal Western nations, so the entire argument is close to nonsensical) > .com, .net, .org, .edu, and .gov are very much US-based and US-centric TLDs, .com, .net and .org weren't created as US-centric and it's a tragedy they are ( and it's an even bigger tragedy that .edu is US only). .org is widely used around the world though. Check out the Suez Canal, nationalising foreign assets is perfectly fine according to international law ( of course, subject to conditions). And what kind of imperialistic argument is that? A sovereign country managed to get rid of foreign control, nationalised foreign assets that were exploiting their natural resources and shipping off the the profits offshore ( the original concessions being given while Iran was under UK control), and they're the bad guys and deserve a bloody coup? Again, check the Suez crisis, that's not how the world works anymore ( most of the time). India is nuclear heavy, China has a serious nuclear focus and is actively decarbonising, so what are you talking about? Various African countries can be helped to pick/prefer carbon-free energy options. You can check out Drone.io. It's based around plugins, which are basically Docker containers which accept env variables for configuration and a volume with the code (which Drone clones from git). You can easily write custom plugins in any language you want, test them, and run them locally outside of Drone with little configuration. There are way too many CI tools out there, covering myriads of use cases and niches. Jenkins doesn't do anything better than any other tool. The Guardian. They're good quality, have great investigative journalism, and seem to care about things that actually matter ( e.g. environment and climate change, Panama Papers, Snowden, etc.) > There's wire transfers, but those are pricy ($50/transaction is normal Holy crap Americans are getting scammed ( for reference, bank transfers in the SEPA space are free). How the heck did N26 and others fail at such a broken market where the competition is stuck in 1995? Credit cards are rare and pretty much useless in most European countries ( and damn right unusable in the Netherlands for instance). Mortgages and car loans are pretty simple due to heavy regulation ( they have to show the total interest, how much you will end up paying in interest over the lifespan, etc.), what's there to learn about them? Air France at least explicitly warn you that it's to you to check entry requirements and you're on your own if you don't fit them. And do you read Islamists propaganda and "like" videos or photos of Islamist-inspired violent crimes ? That kind of matters, and its what one could call context and premeditation. I didn't watch the video because i don't want this type of nonsense in my viewing history and because the premise is inherently flawed. Socialism means something, and Nazi Germany and the NSDAP don't fit any of the criteria. Did the workers own the means of production ? Did the NSDAP even remotely move in that direction? No and hell no. The NSDAP worked closely with industrialists ( which helped finance their rise to power), destroyed unions, etc. Having a few national programs ( Volkswahen, the Autobahn, etc.) doesn't mean socialism. They were as socialistic as horses are fish. Yeah, they have two eyes, but that's about it. That's complete and utter bullshit. Germany's social programs ( including pensions and workers' insurance ) date back to Bismarck, decades before the Nazis https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_Socialism_(Germany) > As is well known, the Nazi state was not friendly, at all, to capitalists (in fact this was one of the main supposed problems with the Jews. Early on the enemy was "Jews and Bankers". Not exactly laissez-faire rhetoric ...) You might want to check out who bankrolled Hitler's rise to power ( industrialists like Thyssen) and what happened to them once he was in power ( they gained a lot of money ). > Like it or not, people were literally burning their neighbors alive in Cyprus and entire west was watching. They've been in peace for 40 years now because of Turkish intervention. Cyprus war ended 46 years ago. "in peace" about as much as the Korean peninsula is at peace. Turkey is illegally occupying Northern Cyprus, and that's it. It's not at war with the actual Cyprus, but you can't pretend everything is even remotely fine. Turks were brutally removed from most of the lands they brutally installed and settled themselves on. Population exchanges like after the Greco-Turkish war should have been done with all neighbors to avoid such nastiness in the future. Okay, Mosad hunting Neo-Nazis and Nazi apologists. The costs and risks involved in large scale power generation facilities isn't really fit for private companies and market competition. And when you add a market element to it, companies might cut corners to increase profits ( or minimise losses), and you certainly don't want that. Don't forget stuff like Chernobyl that drained the budget. That and the fact they had like 5 years of a head start. Far behind in terms of popular usage maybe, but IMHO it's far more advanced features-wise and it's probably more popular in enterprises. It's probably hosted in AWS' London region, so at least geographically it's within the borders of the country. I heavily disagree here. Python is a very flexible language that allows you to do all sorts of things, even if there's a preferred, pythonic way. Reading it can be very hard depending on who wrote it ( it's even worse if the person is very good with Python, because then they'd take non-obvious shortcuts ) Case in point, Golang. One of its raison d'être is because Python was too complex to control and make readable, hence a language that doesn't give you much choice and enforces good practices ( refusing to compile when you have unused variables or imports for instance). How is using AWS or Azure's managed RabbitMQ service lock-in? You can easily switch to someone else's managed service, or roll your own, since it's still just good old RabbitMQ. Out of the loop, didn't know reCAPTCHA became paid. After a quick Google search I can only see that the Enterprise version is paid,but v3 isn't. Can one still use v3 and not pay for Enterprise? Or post it on Reddit or Medium or whatever if you can't be bothered with a blog. Twitter "threads" need to die. But nobody would pay for it if there was zero or not enough to convert trial users content, so they needed lots of it to engage and keep users. > I do also appreciate the so-called experiments by the Chrome team, but my gripe is that they are implemented directly instead of hiding it in flags IIRC all of them start as flags, and there are tons of them available, most disabled by default. Most move up to stable and enabled by default after some time and testing and feedback though. > several European governments said that masks were not useful for ordinary people, For the very simple reason that there weren't enough masks for the people that needed them ( medical personnel), and the last thing you wants in such a scenario is for the public to freak out and fight over the already non-existing stocks. Plenty of governments were too slow to react ( with lockdowns/limitations, or planning), but to say all Western leaders failed is simply wrong. As someone who has eaten vegan pizza, no, it's not, it's an abomination. Just make a veggie/vegan lasagna instead... There is already implicit political control. If the US wants to ban X, or forbid encryption, it will impact almost everyone on the planet. Much less so if it were Afghanistan, of course. The EU has a funs that donates money and runs bug bounty programs for critical FOSS software it uses. It should be expanded to include more underlying libraries and lower-level projects, but it's a pretty good start and doesn't come with strings attached. Apples to Oranges. Google replicate and have roughly ~ 3 copies of your data, your 1TB hard drive does no such thing, has zero redundancy, isn't available from your phone, can't automatically backup photos from it, etc. That's just wrong and archaic. > You need to maintain the system and manage the full life cycle Do your vendors maintain your systems? Maybe, if you pay them well enough. > You need testing Because "enterprise" software is bug free. Just because someone sells you software and pretends they test, or even if they do actually, you still have to test in your environment. > You pay for all of the above Yes, either in manhours of employees or cash to a vendor. > There are very,very,very few world-case FOSS projects around (like: redis, clang, elasticsearch, linux, ...) that maintain themselves on an enterprise-quality level, so be prepared to upstream a lot of bugfixes yourself There are many more, and even stuff like Hashicorp's projects are at a better level than say Atlassian's crap in terms of "enterprise quality". > Where there's no money there's no priority Are you under the impression that just because you're a paying customer you're somehow a priority to the vendor? You can tell that to all the people with stuck feature requests or unanswered/unfixed bug reports. At least with FOSS you can actually take a look yourself if nobody else wants to. You're missing the fact that the M1 Macbooks are barely usable for anything else than browsing ( no Docker, no Adobe suite, etc.) and are the first generation. If they were too expensive even fewer people would risk buying them. As for build quality, have you actually used and seen a recent premium Dell or HP? The difference in quality is minimal. > Having build and push as part of the same job is frustrating and I view it as a sign that a CI system is built with the expectation of having everything happen post commit by shoveling money into a CI auto-scaler No, the idea is to build and push images you can test directly afterwards in the same conditions. With cache and such, build times shouldn't be too long Gitlab CI just runs shell commands, it's pretty trivial to pull the same image its using in the job, and run the same commands locally. If you have long CI times, that can hinder development productivity and should be improved as much as possible, or a local replica of the CI needs to be created. > And the government is currently passing a law that will allow the police to arrest anyone filming their intervention (journalists included That's blatantly wrong. Only if bthe intent is to harm the police officers, as explicitly stated in the law, and an amendment specifically excludes their police ID number from the protection. I'm sorry, but how on earth is the jedi contract any sort of meter for anything but the needs of the US DoD? Do you need what they need? Does anyone actually? Do they even bloody need it? GCP have no special government cloud service, unlike Azure and AWS, but they're more advanced in some niches ( containers, ML). Anecdotally i've never heard of anyone saying anything positive about Azure besides "it came with credits". Fundamentally it's an inferior platform due to less redundancy ( all AWS and GCP regions are composed of multiple zones, that's usually not the case with Azure, and as we saw a few months ago, even their whole auth is hosted in a single DC... Disgraceful) How so? With Google Cloud Run, you don't really interact with Knative or Kubernetes, so the underlying platform is a non-issue. "vote with your wallet" would say some purists. Wordpress hosting is expensive and overkill to do on AWS if you do it traditionalally. Add simply static or a similar plugin, whip up a script to upload the static HTML to S3, set up Cloudfront with good cache, and you're done. Your site is faster, more secure, cheaper and can easily run on a t3.micro for peanuts. Only gotcha is comments, but it's a solved problem ( disqus or any of the alternatives) and similar. Not really, it's Google's multiplatform, but mobile-first framework ( iirc desktop and web are still in beta and alpha respectively). Slightly different than React, which was web-first ( so JS, obviously) and then came to mobile. > It's really disappointing to see that Microsoft, of all companies, seems to have no interest in writing a native Win32 client for its own service And another one for macOS, and another one for Linux distros. Teams would have never become as popular if it was Windows-only, and doing frontend code 3 times for some slight advantages in speed and resource utilisation is textbook waste of money. And a tool like that doesn't get any advantage from Rust - manual memory management would just be a chore with no benefits, and Go's crypto library is pretty good ( no idea about Rust's) > it's worth mentioning that MCAS had nothing to do with flying the plane, only making it feel more like the 737NG to its human pilots Not entirely true, the original issue is that the engines are bigger and the center of gravity is moved forward ( because the 737's are too low), thus the planes tend to stall. MCAS is there to correct the stall so that they feel more like 737NGs, but the issue is forcing bigger engines on an obsolete design. Ubuntu LTS has a long-ish support period (5 years and 5 extra years on top for "extended security support") and isn't that different than Debian, just slightly ahead in some ways ( did you know that Debian's OpenSSH even in the latest stable, ships without options available since mainline OpenSSH 7.2 ( Include), while being on 8.2?). Oh please, you can't be serious? First, that $1200 server costs fixed money upfront, and then you pay per month for colo, and for internet, which usually includes a fixed bandwith cap or limits, with bursts which you pay for. So no, it's not fixed. Second, a server you have to maintain, harwdare and software-wise, is much more complex, and takes much more time, than a managed service. You want a database? Install it yourself, maintain it yourself, backup it yourself, monitor it yourself. And same with everything else. Third, there's zero redundancy in your "setup". If you want it with the most basic redundancy, you triple the costs (second server, extra networking equipment, etc.). Fourth, geo redundancy/distributedness? Please. Good luck if you have someone far away who wants to visit your site. Fifth, let's say you need to scale. Like, you get 10 more users today than you did yesterday, or you get featured on HN or Reddit or local news or whatever. F. You're looking at months and a lot of cash, upfront. "A big collection of bare-metal hypervisors" makes sense in some cases, but don't pretend it doesn't come with a non-negligible time spent maintaning it and requires significant upfront capital and man hours to do the same you get easily on a public cloud platform (databases, message brokers, object storage, etc. etc . etc. etc. etc. etc.). No it's not. In France companies pay ~1.5-2x gross salary in total, gross going to the employee ( some of it getting deducted by the state), rest going for health insurance, taxes, etc. > What struck me about all this is that Google doesn't actually have the ability to develop real desktop application. That's really weird, why wouldn't they want to have the best performing, most powerful applications possible on the desktops? Because they can't. Google as an organisation doesn't have the mental capacity and patience to do real desktop programs. Because it's a waste of very expensive time to develop native desktop apps in 3 different platforms? It's mobile first, desktop and web versions are in alpha, and it's not supposed to replace generic web apps. Retaliation for a cyber attack, with cyber attacks, sanctions, or military operations could set a dangerous precedent. Don't forget that the US and allies have been behind many cyber attacks, including against Russia and China ( and probably were involved with Stuxnet against Iran). Do you want Russia, China, Iran, etc. to retaliate against US cyber attacks? Because that's how you get an escalation. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyberwarfare_in_the_United_S... That's why GDPR includes personal liability for DPOs(Data Protection Officers) and chief executives, and requires the company have a DPO with no conflict of interest ( e.g. working under the CEO with bonuses based on stock price). > This discussion ( https://youtu.be/Q9s6YggbTk4?t=65 ) with Azerbaijan president summarizes really well Western democracy (or hypocrisy or lets invent a new name capitalocrisy Since when are Google, Microsoft, Apple, Mozilla examples of "Western democracy" ( as if that is some monolithic entity..)? They are private companies, and can do as they like within the legal frameworks they operate in. Of course everyone is impotent taking actions against big, powerful, rich, heavily armed, strategically important countries. Who can say anything to China, and even more mundane - Saudi Arabia, Turkey, ffs, USA, UK, France, etc. and try to impose it? War is out of the question ( your population would probably be against it, and attacking nuclear powers isn't really a good idea; for the non-nuclear powers, they're still heavily armed, so you're still looking at a costly military affair), and economic sanctions will probably be more crippling for your country than them, and will probably strengthen their dictators' position ( country X is our enemy and doesn't want us to succeed!). The UN isn't the world police, and can't be. It's based on all countries participating together, and complying to rules set together. The consensus can't work against countries with veto powers ( but they wouldn't have joined otherwise), or against dictators that don't care or can find a workaround/allies that will support them anyways, thus making UN decisions impossible or inapplicable. What do you think can any world leader do? Would you support your country, whichever it is, going to nuclear war against China to free the Uighurs and kill millions in the process? Would your fellow co-citizens when that means a crash of the economy, massive job loses, serious lack of all sorts of products, not to mention all the dead and maimed soldiers? If you think a trade war might work, it probably won't, and would still heavily impact the world's economy, with countries with debts to China and Chinese-operated companies/infrastructure being caught in the crossfire. Be realistic. The only thing that can stop China is China itself. > The network effect is real, but it is not the only effect. Twitter and other tech giants now think that their role is to protect the world from information they deem wrong Do you have any examples of anything "they" "deemed wrong" which wasn't factually wrong? And not "alternative facts" bullshit, regular, proven facts. Is the person you're responding to wrong? You can't just slap a conspiracy label as if that somehow makes what they said wrong It's not that hard to achieve, but the people with the power to do so have no interest. Set fixed spending caps on candidates and parties, or maybe even make their budgets government provided ( so that everyone is on an equal footing), criminalise spending over it and gifts to politicians and family members, and you're decently covered. When was that? Today the waiting time announced is 12-18 months, and personal experience, even with Covid and two lockdowns it took a bit more than a year. It depends. In France, most of the terrorist attacks were committed and planned by radicalised first or second generation "immigrants"(or descendents thereof). They don't feel French, they don't feel like the origin of their parents/etc. so they pick religion. > When transport leader Alstom decided to acquire Canadian transport bombardier , EU refused and forced Alstom to permanently shut down one it’s factory and terminate all workers to accept[1] Your own source says they're forced to sell one of their factories to a competitor to even out the playing field, not shut it down. Considering the future merged Alstom-Bombardier has a near monopoly in most EU markets, it makes sense to force divestment. Git LFS has been a thing for years. Git LFS can do that. Mailing lists are terrible to search through and navigate, at the very least. GitHub and Gitlab also implement some nice features such as auto-suggest ( to check if the subject has already been discussed) and smart linking. > Been dying to get back to a high quality RTS. Check out Paradox Interactive's games, they have one for most interesting time periods and are pretty entertaining. > When I'm retired, I don't want to be broke and penniless and I certainly wouldn't be thinking that the free healthcare I received was worth the amount I was scammed. > On what planet is healthcare worth many millions of dollars? It's not worth it. You're better off by any calculation in the US. Substantially so. You're missing pensions, which EU countries have, which mean in most cases you won't find yourself broke and penniless when you retire. And work hours, which are substantially less. And vacation time, which is literally multiple times more ( 5 weeks paid minimum in France for instance), and "unlimited sick time" ( it's sick there's even such a concept in the US). What good are your millions if you have to wait to retirement to actually use them, being too busy working 60 hour weeks? Or having to go into work sick? Or ffs, after the birth of a child? > It is hard to beat the economies of scale of a restaurant, as much as the "you only need to factor the cost of raw food" camp like to tell otherwise I'd be interested in seeing your math on the subject, and it probably depends on location and at what rate do you "bill" your time, but restaurants have a lot of overhead ( property, staff, taxes) that offsets economies of scale. Even without going all-in with cheap foods ( like rice or potatoes), I can't imagine eating out in similar quality and quantity being cheaper than cooking it yourself ( again, depending on how you count your time spent). Of course McDonald's cheapest items will be cheaper than making yourself lobsters, but that's not really a fair comparison. The difference is that usually ( certainly in the case of Paris) there's plenty of very affordable housing available in the suburbs with good transport connections to the city and some other suburbs. Housing is expensive in the city and some nearby suburbs ( mostly to the west and southwest), but less so the further away you are. Thanks to the RER train system even far away suburbs, with cheap or cheapish housing aren't that far away - e.g. i have colleagues with houses ( with big yards and two stories) in the 200k euros range south of Paris, in fancy-ish suburbs, and are 40-50 minutes from the office ( i live in a suburb right next to the city and i travel entirely by subway, and it takes me 50 minutes, because the subway is much slower). Depending on what you want though, it can indeed be very expensive - e.g. if you want an apartment in the city to profit from the night life ( after 1am the transport to the suburbs is only with buses and much slower), it is going to be very expensive to buy. And that's just for "regular" people. Each city in France is required to have a minimum percentage of social housing, to which you can have access ( including to buy) if you're below a certain threshold of income ( so on minimum wage, you're there). > It seems the average Big Mac meal is $6 these days. It provides approximately 1,000 calories, and the average person needs approximately 2,000 per day, so we'll assume you'll need to order two. That puts the food costs at $12 per person Yeah, i assumed so. Eating Big Macs is... let's say suboptimal. If you eat only that, you'll probably have all sorts of health issues. When counting actual food, fresh and with vegetables and all that, it's slightly more expensive than Big Macs. Around here, cheapest option for a decent actual meal is ~8-10/eur/person. > The average cost to install a kitchen is around $60,000 Seriously? In France fancy kitchens are at 10k, "starter" ( recommended if you're going to let or for first buy) are at 2k, everything included. I guess if you start from $60k, you need to cook quite a bit more to make it financially viable. And that's if you have close to no dietary or allergic restrictions. > Citymapper is so much better in Paris where Google Maps is very poor for public transport. I'm extremely impressed. > It can not only tell you which exit you need to take (extremely important in Paris) but also which car to board to be the closest to the proper exit or line change Google Maps has been doing both of these for at least a year now. > Multimodal routing is also extremely impressive. They properly implement the city bike sharing system including how much bikes and empty spots they are available at each station That one is pretty cool. If only the service wasn't massacred and rendered almost unusable :( ( used it regularly but had to buy a bike due to how often there would be broken bikes or bugs in their system. I think they lost a lot of customers with the provider switch, it was a complete disaster for more than a year and still isn't great). > The vaccines seem to be causing serious side effects. People are going into anaphylaxis (at higher rates than usual) with the vaccines. Bell's palsy, 105 degree fevers... This isn't like the annual flu shot, or getting vaccinated for measles, where you get the shot and that's it. Source? I'd had heard about very rare allergic reactions, but all the rest is news to me. How can people like you still exist and persist with their narrative of downplaying the pandemic? Is it "stealing" if its something unused and actually needed for basic life and decency by other people? > The first major VMware version which does not support the installable desktop client has a plenty good enough HTML5 version of the web client That's false. The old thick client stopped working with 6.0, which got a very poor, limited and extremely buggy HTML5 client in one of its latest updates. 6.5, latest update, has a somewhat usable but still limited ( missing features) HTML5 UI ( funnily enough some new features were only in the HTML5 UI, while some others were only in the Flash version). The first version that had a fully usable for everything HTML5 UI is 6.7 Update 3, which came out a few months ago. > Based on the average post you see on Hackernews, it's a virtual certainty he means "snooping on users of a program". I can't explain why, but it just bothers me that this would be considered so obvious as to escape mention. "Telemetry" means something, and it meant something to aerospace engineers for a long time before somebody at google started using it to refer to something incredibly narrow. Did you even read the post? It's obvious OP works at Datadog ( they mention it and mention the work is for their employer), so telemetry as in OpenTelemetry ( the new standard around metrics, traces and logs). > Then, on Jan. 20, the head of a Chinese government's expert team finally declared there was no doubt about "human-to-human transmission So the statement is true? It wasn't until the 20 of January that Chinese officials officially confirmed there is human to human transmission? How do you propose to do advanced dynamic and realtime graphing without a lot of JS? Adobe did. Dreamweaver, Animate kinda try to do the same It's a very different type of lock in. Chrome is based on the open source Chromium anyone can adapt ( sand said competitors, like Microsoft, do), and the vast majority of what it does is based on open standards. If tomorrow Google does something stupid with Chrome, like cutting off adblockers, you can bet your ass there are going to be at least 2 forks within a week. When Adobe did something stupid with Flash, you had and have zero options. Not OP but eBPF, Android ( phone, TV, auto) and iOS, ChromeOS, VS Code, Go, Swift, Powershell ( it's a terrible piece of software but a vast improvement for Windows), virtualisation, public cloud platforms ( virtualisation at huge scale with APIs), the Hashicorp stack, ZFS, LXC and later Docker, Kubernetes, Redis. Really? I've had no problems with regular Visa and MasterCard debit cards, while at the same time the in the Netherlands non-Maestros are barely accepted outside of ATMs, even in huge stores ( that's gotten better in the last 2-3 years). > France's naval forces are kinda weak and don't have power projection capabilities What do you think the Charles de Gaulle, Mistrals and FREMMs are for? As another person responded - based on your income and situation ( family, age, stability of the job) and very basic loan history ( stored at the central bank, basically for the lender to know if you have outstanding debts and if you've defaulted on loans before) Well until the issue is resolved you can't know how long you've been down for, so you can't actually update the uptime. > Signal is pretty indistinguishable from WhatsApp, FB Messenger, even the default SMS app. What about the UX specifically bothers you? That's part of the problem, all those you listed have poor to terrible UX and are just not great chat clients, Telegram is just better - in terms of speed ( compared to FB Messenger), features such as location sharing("where are you?", "Next to Restaurant XX " or "On the corner of A and B street" sucks, you can just share precise location via Telegram - a friend even sent me the location of a beautiful lake while on vacation because i was going in the area soon after), polls ( great for groups), message editing, search, stickers, gif integration, bots. I've used FB Messenger and Whatsapp extensively and Telegram is absolutely much better than both of them. > We have delivered "democracy" to many countries, whether they want it or not And that hasn't worked out well anywhere for the past what, 60 years? Considering the British had a huge colonial empire, the US had brutal segregation, rampant anti-Semitism ( so much so they refused ships with Jewish refugees and sent them back to their death in German occupied Europe) and eugenics experiments, and the USSR( the third main country in the Allies, mostly by necessity, but nonetheless) was pretty much as violent to their minorities as the Nazis were... What could any of them say without being blatantly hypocritical? In theory, yes, but in practice, especially in Google's case, that won't work. YouTube could probably survive on its own ( due to the astronomical costs associated we can't be sure unless Google share more numbers), but no other part of Google's consumer-oriented services, and even some of their business oriented ones ( G Suite/Workspace/whatever it's called this week) can't be profitable, ever, and are only subsidised by data at scale and ads. How would you split Google into entities that won't go bankrupt within a year? ( And you wouldn't want that because it would piss off people and would help the cause of the anti-regulation and anti-government uneducated people). Maybe GCP, Android foundation, YouTube, rest of Google could work, but the "rest of Google" is still too big and too powerful. Forcing them to open their data and platforms ( e.g. allowing other ad networks to access Google's tracking data and to serve ads via them) could diminish their monopoly, but it could also diminish their profits and force them to cut some less profitable parts of the company even more ( and that might be good). Same thing with Facebook, just a bit easier - splitting off Instagram and Whatsapp will absolutely improve things, but the remainder is still to big and powerful. Twitter is even worse, you can't split anything. Anti-monopoly laws and frameworks need to be updated for the modern world, because the logic that worked for physical assets, sales and infrastructure ( e.g. the US split oil companies and telcos along physical lines) no longer works for Internet companies. Regulations ( to combat fraud, etc), to be able to process chargebacks? > jumping on this thing to milk it to it's full extent and amplify its negative aspects and blow it way out of proportion. Just like the same power structures were last year used to amplify the "positive" message of certain other protests. Armed people stormed the US Capitol, after being incited to do so by the current US President, in order to overturn a legal election result. People died as well. You can't "blow this out of proportion" the same way you can't blow something like Chernobyl out of proportion - it was huge, it has huge ramifications, it impacts a lot of people. There are zero positive aspects and there's nothing redeeming in the whole story. > First, Parler gets kicked off because "They host violent, imminent threats". Never mind the sheer scale of terrorist groups organizing on Facebook, Twitter and enjoying free high quality encryption thanks to Whatsapp What's with all the whataboutism here? Can you honestly not see the difference? One is an echo chamber of hate with a lot of calls to violence and support thereof, and the platform does nothing about it. The others have shittons of shit ( cat videos, porn, ads, anti-vaxx bullshit, etc) and hate and calls for violence, which are moderated ( not nearly good enough). Apple explicitly asked Parler to come up with a moderation plan or get booted of their store, and they didn't. Twitter, Facebook, Google heavily moderate and ban all sorts of hate-related content. > Tomorrow, will it be okay to point a finger at any individual and have the equivalent of mass economic sanctions destroy their ability to be a part of society because they disagree with the broad interpretation of "values" these tech companies arbitrarily decide? I don't know why you've suddenly decided that if doing X to Y is okay today, doing X to Z will be as well tomorrow. That's not how regular people work in most cases, and if tomorrow "SV"( if you're so intent on throwing them all together, as if they aren't composed of many people at different levels ( employees, managers, CxOs, shareholders) in different countries, with varying political affiliations or views) decide to deplatform something people disagree being deplatformed, people will complain, same as what people are doing together to defend the hate speech spewing fascists on Parler. Check out the paradox of tolerance and Goebbels's thoughts on the matter: https://alphahistory.com/nazigermany/goebbels-on-the-reichst... Whataboutism. The facts are, the most recent US presidential election was not stolen, as confirmed by judges, experts, people in the administration, bipartisan states. It's ridiculous to claim that it was "stolen". That has absolutely nothing to do with elections where there is actual doubt and irregularities, and where people can rightly say elections were "stolen" or influenced or cheated. The problem with that, as always, and one of the main reasons why there are rarely details about bans like these, is fake/illicit/malicious accounts. If someone with a Facebook bot farm gets detailed reasons for the ban of his bots, he can improve them next time around based on the newly gathered information about banning and rules. > But North American companies in my experience also give you more freedom and resources and scope to work on your ideas, and better work-life balance while you do it Any source on that? That's literally the first time i'm hearing anyone say North American companies provide better work-life balance than European ones. OECD average work week disagrees with you, i'm not aware of other sources on the subject. > Except that, in Europe, most (if not all) forms of "equity" are proportional: your title, your salary, your ability to decide, etc. It's funny that you completely missed the point ( i think the other person is making). What about time off? Pension? Parental leave? Medical costs? Way of life ( as in, work stops at 6pm or 7pm or whatever, and then it's your free time; weekends are usually off limits; you don't have to own a car and waste hours in traffic depending on where you live, etc.) Furthermore, the rest of what you said is painting hundreds of thousands of business across more than 30 countries with the same brush. I work in a European company, and it's nothing like that. You shouldn't generalise like that. One case at a shitty former-public-becoming-private company. Not really applicable everywhere. Anecdata. I work in France, and pre-pandemic everyone could work remotely, and we had full remote people as well. Lunches are sacred, and going to lunch with colleagues to a restaurant ( every day) for at least an hour is the norm, even if some people prefer to bring their own food and eat at the office. I start and end work whenever i want ( i try to make the required 35 hours weekly but don't keep rigorous track). I get 35 days paid vacation, can take sabaticals of up to a year, renewable for one more year, and if i start a business i can take a year off work ( salary and position are kept) to see if it works. There's paid maternal and paternal leave. I can't be fired tomorrow unless for a big error on my part. If i get called outside of office hours, i get paid extra (double extra on Sundays or holidays). ( That's labour law) See why you can't make huge blatant overgeneralisations? I don't know where you live, but in France there are plenty of Apple ads. Some are run by third parties ( e.g. telecoms advertising you can get the latest iPhone with them, mostly in the form of a huge Apple ad with a small logo of the operator actually advertising ) but most are not. > Googletagmanager/analytics is everywhere, it doesn't deserve to be, it doesn't need to be You might not care, but probably most people publishing any sort of content online want to know who visits it ( from where, mobile or web, what numbers, when, etc.). The easiest way to achieve that ( considering there's shared hosting and that most people who care about those numbers aren't the people who installed whatever software runs the site, or developed it. The average website runs wordpress ) is via Google Analytics. The difference is tiny as long as you stay on similarly featured apps. I thought the same, but after trying Telegram i disagree. * editing messages * pinning messages * small things like polls ( great for group chats ) and location sharing * great API and bot framework ( awesome for public chats, and it can also be integrated for personal use ( e.g. i get a Telegram notification when someone enters home, and when my blog or VPN are down) Taxis exist today even if a lot of people own cars, there'd still be uses for them ( e.g. when flying somewhere, you won't bring your car) > Sec/ops doesn't normally involve looking at live network capture snapshots all day. ("Eyes on glass" monitoring exists, but that's not for common services) You're not distracting people from spotting exfil No, but if the people on call are being drowned in alerts because everything is down due to the DDoS, an alert saying there's anomalous traffic ( if it's even capable to detect that during a DDoS, when all traffic would be anomalous depending on infrastructure) could be easily missed. > The customer was running Red-Hat Enterprise 5.0, and it was going to stay that way as long as Red-Hat would be willing to support it. Making the migration when RH stop supporting it extremely complex and expensive, instead of iterating. That's funny, i thought about making just that, but there area already a bunch of sites ( planeapotters, flightradar, etc.) which contain the data, so a dedicated website would add little value. I might still make it, especially if more airlines decide to "rename" it ( e.g. Ryanair with their 737-9200). It's 30% of profit, not income, so more akin to someone taking 30% of your savings or "fun" money. > And I'd personally much rather have this small group of people outletting their anger onto the internet instead of IRL IRL they're limited physically to whoever they can reach; online they can make their hate travel the world ( point in case, there were QAnon related actions in Germany ! If the Q people had been purely IRL that would have never happened) The negatives of Flash are: * closed source * requires ag extra plugin to render * slow * fake sandbox that had too many bugs Flutter has none of these. > I honestly don't know what people are thinking using a free tier for some service provider to run their company Idk, at work we have a pretty big free hosted Gitlab ( across multiple machines and DCs) and there are very little limitations ( which are not worth the price jump from free to pretty expensive) WSB isn't a single, regulated ( brokers are), entity, it's just a bunch of people getting together. The entities that altered the price were notably - the shorting hedge funds and the broker that failed to do its job ( broker trades) in a blatant conflict of interest. > 1) you get locked-in, How do you get locked in? PRs, once merged, are just regular commits. You lose the history and discussion around the PR itself, but that's all, but it's not like any alternative allows you to migrate ( e.g. the abomination that is using email for git collaboration is stuck in unreadable, unsearchable, unindexed emails somewhere; you can copy the data pretty much the same way as from GitHub, but both are unexploitable without a lot of tinkering / adaptation) > I need an option that is limited to $5 a month, with DDoS being their problem DDoS is always their problem. AWS and co always waive charges due to attacks or significant errors on user's part ( e.g. writing an infinite loop that results in a huge bill) > In dev, it's easier to debug without Docker. And in prod, why use a vm inside a vm? On the contrary, it's easier to debug with Docker - it eliminates dangling system level libraries / old dependencies / cache, and everything is self-contained. If you have the problem in dev, you'll have it in prod as well. Docker is not a VM, it's basically a big wrapper around chroot and cgroups, the performance hit is minimal. The advantage is that, again, it's self-contained, so there's little risk some OS / dangling library muddies the waters ( especially in Python that's a great risk -OS level python library installations are a thing, and many a Python library depend on C libraries on the system level, which you can't manage through Python tooling). It's also idempotent ( thus making rollbacks easier) and declarative. > s there a benefit of running Postgres and Django in different containers You can use the official optimised containers ( especially for complex things like Postgres that's great) > By putting them in the same container, things could be a good bit simpler. And I don't see any downside here The downsides are that you get fat containers that are impossible to scale independently ( one day you might want two Django containers, or to set up a replica PgSQL for load balancing, HA, etc.) The version in the official OS-provided repository is often very old, even obsolete. But yeah, just use the Docker provided repository instead, that gets you updates afterwards. > What's the Django/Rails equivalent in Go? Gin-gonic and a few others try to do that job ( and provide the flexibility to plug the missing parts), but a lot of people say the stdlib is sufficient. Depending on the he case, either can work great. You can tell docker or docker-compose to always/on failure/unless stopped restart your containers. Nobody is talking about Docker on Windows or Mac for production use. > It has tepid publisher support, and tepid consumer support, without any inkling that it's growing Recently Ubisoft came on board and all of their recent titles are available on Stadia. Cyberpunk 2077 was reportedly great to play on Stadia, and i've read about a lot of people that got Stadia for it ( there was a promo, pre-order Cyberpunk and get a free Stadia controller and Chromecast Ultra). Those are not pretty significant growth points. > They are firmly placing themselves on specific sides of political, cultural, or ethical divides Since when is public health a political, cultural or ethical issue ? > We'll pay for hosting Will we? Most personal websites i know of, including my own, fit perfectly within the free tiers of Netlify/Vercel/Firebase/S3+CloudFront/GitHub Pages/etc. Plenty of alternatives exist - YouTube Premium ( which also gets you YouTube with no adds, on top of YouTube Music), Amazon Music, Apple Music, and iirc pandora, SoundCloud? I haven't compared prices. How would they be free? A country like Pakistan could just as easily block any service that provides content they deem illegal ( as is the case here) via the ISPs( SNI sniffing, DNS blocking, IP blocking) that can't disagree. If anything, Google and Apple have more leverage than F-Droid or similar because Pakistan can't block them without significant backlash, and needs their cooperation, which is at least debated ( point in case, the article says a few of the apps weren't blocked by Google). And furthermore, anyone can install any apk or app store serving apks on Android devices. Even the definition of basic human rights is disputed. Just check the topics of abortion, access to internet, property, religious freedoms, sexual orientation. In some countries some of those are defined as basic human rights, in others some are outright banned. > allowing you to focus on potential future crimes of Israel You mean active current and historical crimes of Israel, surely? Two wrongs don't make a right, and many people and countries discriminating or massacring Jews historically doesn't excuse Israel's apartheid state, crimes against humanity and international law violations. > someone was hosting a website outside of Pakistan, it would be much harder to take down than just petitioning Google or Apple ISPs are still in Pakistan, so if the country wants, there are a myriad of ways to block a website. Most are preventable, but for the majority of people the site will be effectively blocked. I don't see anything ridiculously loose about that law: > No person may publish, propagate, advocate or communicate words based on one or more of the prohibited grounds, against any person, that could reasonably be construed to demonstrate a clear intention to be hurtful,be harmful or to incite harm, promote or propagate hatred. [65] > The "prohibited grounds" include race, gender, sex, pregnancy, marital status, ethnic or social origin, colour, sexual orientation, age, disability, religion, conscience, belief, culture, language and birth Not really. People thought that countries were too interdependent to wage war, but they were wrong and that had nothing to do with the myriad of reasons for the war ( rivalries, historic and current, Russian development (which put Germany waging war on them on a timeline), Austria-Hungary falling apart and trying to compensate, the UK being skeptical of Germany, France wanting revenge, etc etc etc etc) The FAA are the ones responsible for stopping shit like the 737Max fiasco. Yes, Boeing did it, and many people there deserve to go to prison, but the FAA is supposed to be the guardrail ensuring they can't get away with it in the first place. It was an objective failure, and it has eroded the trust in them - point in case, most other aviation regulators did their own checks on the 737 Max before allowing it back to service, which usually doesn't happen ( EASA trusts FAA's ratings and vice versa). Don't you get that with Google One? Never tried the support, but it says there's chat (2-3mn response time) and email support (24hrs or less) > One simple thing I'd really like to see is forbidding companies from terminating service without stating a reason, which seems like a really basic requirement. Once you have that, the next step could be legislating that there has to be a way to appeal service termination In this case Google provided a reason - a ToS violation. If you want to get in the details ( action X on date Y violates ToS section Z), that might be pretty useful to bots and spam accounts ( know which actions get caught and what to avoid), which are probably the vast majority of what is getting banned. > It is of extreme importance that we colonise mars Is it? Such a moonshot ( Marsshot if you will) requires enormous resources, resources which can be better spent to improve the planet we have, and stop the damage we're doing to it. I don't believe all of humanity can move to and sustain on Mars within a reasonable timeframe and budget ( 100 years, tens trillions of dollars). What exactly is the point of doing so? To run away from the mess on Earth? That's a very shit "solution" and a huge waste IMO. What should have they done? Nothing? And what about all the dead piling in the streets and freezer trucks? As long as clerk.dev are compliant, and you make sure of that, yep, you can delegate them data and keep yourself in compliance. Theoretically, but not in the real actual world we live in. Few countries are on 100% renewables/nuclear. > How come the NHS doesn't do this in the UK, I wonder? If I went to my NHS doctor and said I felt fine but asked for a general health-check and blood test they'd tell me to GTFO. WTF, in France you're encouraged to do so, and there are even reminders by (e)mail for stuff like dentist and specific preventive checkups for women. Hugo is great, and they have a section with tutorials on how to host on a bunch of different platforms, so pick the one that you're most comfortable with or seems best/cheapest: https://gohugo.io/hosting-and-deployment/ If you have no idea, Netlify is good and with a good free tier. Slightly lower than the chances Go does. It's not the machines, it's the advertisers. If you're paying for publicity, you don't want it next to things anyone might find unsavoury. You don't want your products to be associated with X. Maybe it depends on the Amazon ( i've never gotten a counterfeit or seen what appear to be counterfeit products on .fr). In any case, you know you can return and report if it's indeed a counterfeit. I wouldn't say GitHub is nicer or more polished than GitLab. Both have similar feature set ( GitHub did well to catch up after years of stagnating, with Actions, docker/package repositories, etc) even if GitLab still has an advantage there, good ecosystems ( GitHub has more tools integrating with it than GitLab), and both work and are fully polished. I have the exact opposite experience, and it just works in ~90% of the cases, ~5% being behind a feature gate, 4% behind a paid tier, and 4% bugs. It's easy to manage either via Helm or omnibus packages, and does a ton of things well enough. It still has significantly more features than GitHub. In the same way that people bash the EU for cookie banners, people will bash Apple for extra work on both sides ( developer and user) to comply with new, better rules around privacy. > The UK is, from what I've seen, a really low-paying market for IT and software engineering Healthcare, vacation time and better work/life compensate that ( for some). > French Airbus The what now? Airbus, formerly EADS, is the result of mergers of French, German and Spanish aeronautics companies, and the government owned stock ( iirc ~30% is roughly split between them). HQ in the Netherlands makes sense the same way that entity HQs are in different countries - Germant for helicopters, France for civilian airplanes, Spain for military, with of course the added benefit of taxes. There are plenty of mergers that end up registered in the NL, and plenty of multinationals that do so as well. Don't all browsers cache ( common, like jQuery) js and css stuff locally? Google have a whole website dedicated to that ( what it knows about you), and there are toggles if you want that to be used for ad targeting or shared with third parties. adssettings.google.com People go with what they know, the the LAMP stack was a classic for multiple years. And even today PostgreSQL's HA tooling isn't that great ( one can set up MySQL/MariaDB in active/active in a few minutes, and that's impossible with PgSQL, and even active/passive with easy failover requires more work and oftentimes external tooling). And how is that working out? Last time i checked, the US was leading in violent crime, death and suicide by guns, mass shootings, etc. among developed nations, by a lot . Citation needed. If anything, a lot of nations were subjugated with the help of or by the US. Clubhouse is a startup, what ruthless expansion? A lot of startups cut corners to get to market faster, but this is just inexcusable. No, mask mandates were because masks stop you from inflecting other people if you're sick and don't know it yet by stopping the air you exhale and limiting its range. This is research that wearing a mask actually help you have a lesser form of Covid, entirely independently of propagation. > The big early spikes in Italy and NYC were before masking at all became a thing, even. And the first wave, which triggered the first wave of lockdowns, was all during the time where there were barely enough masks for medical personnel, let alone the general public. Is it not obvious, common sense and proven that masks stop you from spreading the virus if you have it and don't know yet? Are there still people unaware of that? Out of curiosity, where do you live? And you should tell frontline medical personnel that masks don't protect them, they'll be glad your non-conformist ultra intelligent mind managed to figure it out. It's not about needing it, it's about the security of knowing that you have proper redundancy that will work if you need it ( e.g. one goes down) without manual intervention. Funny that Boeing are capable of considering that , but not a single sensor failing and how that might impact a system designed to hide the actual aerodynamics of the plane. Boeing really aren't a good example for anything besides negligence and how to game regulators. First, with GDPR and co, they can't keep their secrets if they get hacked. Second, with such negligence? They deserve to be shut down. This isn't a highly sophisticated zero day exploit, there were multiple huge failure at Solarwinds that allowed the attack to happen. Why would monitoring servers have access to the internet? > of secret management, load balancing, config management, routing, orchestration beyond workloads (e.g. storage), rollbacks/rollouts Nomad does all of these either natively ( rollbacks/rollouts) or via external tooling ( Vault, Consul, a load balancer). Unix philosophy and all that, and besides, Kubernetes doesn't do load balancing, and secret management is a joke. I'm currently working on an article exploring Nomad and how it compares in some aspects with Kubernetes, which i'll post on HN soon-ish. Jaeger is pretty great for tracing, and can integrate with Traefik/Envoy ( or whatever you use for ingress/inter-service communication). We're running Loki for the logs ( via nomad log forwared/shipper and promtail) and so far it's going great. I'll have to do a write-up about the the whole thing. By that logic, Kubernetes does nothing that is offloaded to operators, CRDs, CSI plugins, etc. The fact that you can extend it with extra features and it supports that is kinda doing something. What happens when one of the devices fails? If the docs have examples that cover your use case, which is far from certain. You might like https://www.enforcementtracker.com/ , it's pretty cool to see all the enforcements so far. > News orgs could already block that content if they wanted using robots.txt, but have chosen not to - indeed, they go out of their way to sprinkle Facebook's opengraph and other metadata to make their content more searchable and present better when shared Google is a monopoly on search. You could block it from indexing and it would drastically hurt you and your discoverability. Cutting your hand to spite you kind of thing. The same way you could in theory just not get telephone service or just not buy oil in historic US anti-trust actions. Media sites can't live of the little that trickles to them, and can't live without it either, with some exceptions ( like expensive paywalled editions like Financial Times). Thanking most news sources to piss off Murdoch and stop his crap from spreading might be worth it, for a few days but would be disastrous long term. https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/IP_17_... Here's the EU's fine for them lying about account linking, at the very least. But Apple products are generally extremely expensive ( usually at least multiples of the cheapest equivalents), and that kind of thing doesn't sell well in underdeveloped developing nations, which cover most of Africa. Just look at median income and GDP PPP in China, and any African country. The mere fact that China is actively (kindof) neocolonising multiple different African countries should be telling as well. Maybe we read a different article, but in this one it literally says: > Silver Line in D.C Is the one for which the rules were changed and the one in the process of being built, so that's at least one > It's a little concerning that there isn't more consolidation on industry standards for this yet, though. There is, you can run serverless Docker on GCP, AWS and Scaleway at the very least. I'm on Ubuntu and use the Slack app, which never causes any freezes or anything of the like. The advantages is that i know where it is ( in my taskbar and launcher) compared to it being one of my 500 open tabs, and the taskbar icon shows if i have unread notifications or messages. Furthermore, i can use it with multiple workspaces at the same time. What do you mean turned off? > Cost is the impediment to nuclear, not any sort of safety concerns That's not entirely true, and safety features and regulations are a major part of nuclear's cost. > That molten salt reactor will need to have a negative cost in order to compete with the cost of stored renewable energy Does stored renewable energy come for free? From what i recall, there's still no actual solution to that problem on a big scale. > Like C it has no generics, bad packaging, and is a pain in the ass to cross compile. Go modules are pretty good packaging IMHO. What don't you like about them? As for cross-compiling, are you joking? It's very easy and i literally cannot imagine it being easier. What's painful about it? > The biggest reason why Go modules are a very poor packaging solution is the horrendous stupidity of tying them to source control I think it's actually a great idea. It uses native things you use anyway, avoids an unnecessary third party ( a package repository like pypi), and adds in extra security ( remember those hijacked pypi credentials and pypi-only malicious packages that weren't in source control, so hard to verify?). > This makes it difficult to develop multiple modules in the same repo How so? You can justs use different folders and packages. > requires your source control system to know Go Not really. > it makes internal refactors a problem for all consumers of your code That's always the case - regardless of your package repository, if you change it, you have to update the new references everywhere. You can use go.mod to replace a reference ( e.g. use gitlab.com/me/library instead of github.com/legacy/library) without updating all the code. And then there's the goproxy protocol, which makes all of this optional. I agree on v2 modules, that is very weird. Same with Scaleway's, both just work and are fully free. Some time ago i compared them against the competition and they fared very well even against GKE: https://atodorov.me/2020/06/14/comparing-kubernetes-managed-... I think you're mistaken ( or i'm not understanding you correctly). In a default setup vanilla Kubernetes, you have master nodes which host the master services ( etcd, kube-apiserver, etc. etc.), and worker nodes on the side. With managed k8s, in most cases, the "control plane" ( what normally runs on the master nodes) is run by the cloud host, usually on shared instances ( Scaleway did a talk and it runs on dedicated Kubernetes clusters, in a namespace per client). Indeed, then you're subject to limitations ( e.g. the kube-apiserver for you is limited to 1000 MB of RAM and if you need more because you do X, you're screwed), but that's always the case - if you run your own master nodes, they have limitations as well ( based on instance/server size), just usually higher. There's the added risk that another customer might sature an unlimited resources and impact your control plane. In any case, I haven't hit any limitations with Scaleway's Kubernetes so far and haven't seen anyone talking about having hit one, while this isn't the first time i've heard about Digital Ocean. I don't know if it's due to size or because Scaleway have higher limits. And post delivery is hyper localised, so population doesn't change things much. Smaller countries than Switzerland have domestic arms industries, but that doesn't mean they use military-grade trucks from them for postal services. > Eviction moratoriums in 2021 - a full year after the start of the crisis are nonsensica The US economy is still heavily impacted by the pandemic, and entire sectors are dead or heavily damaged ( e.g. tourism, airlines, etc.). Unemployment is at 6.3%, which is significantly more than pre-pandemic (3.5%). Not to mention all the employed with reduced income ( e.g. restaurant staff, cab drivers etc.). What do you propose should happen to all those that are still un or underemployed ? What is the bigger problem, millions of people on the streets driven to crime, or millions of property owners losing property and/or money? > What are the pros & cons over vanilla s3 Mostly that you aren't bound to AWS IMHO. You can run it on-prem, or in a cloud provider with no object storage service. > That is sufficient for the government's job of taxing income. But not of fighting money laundering. If all income is anonymous, it'd be relatively easy to set up a fake digital-only product and buy yourself lots of it. > I feel like the biggest competition is specific, tailored services from the bigger players - Amazon Lightsail for example. Nope, the biggest competition is in the same niche - Linode, OVH, Scaleway. > But see, this is why I think Facebook was right here. If the stores really didn't want you doing this, they could just not give you a free sample. I'm not sure why the government needs to step in here at all. If you're providing a benefit to the other stores (more foot traffic) than why should they get paid? And if the traffic you are providing isn't good, why should they let you get the free samples Because it's neither here nor there. The traffic that trickles down to news sites is minimal because for a lot of people the title, photo and description are enough, but it's still more than the nothing they'd get if they block Google/Facebook indexing, because most people use the latter for news. Docker Swarm is pretty much abandonware/on life support at best, so one should avoid using it for new stuff. Hashicorp's Nomad is the best choice on the complexity for features scale IMHO, and that's why i'm writing an article how great it is, how easier some things are and what's missing compared to Kubernetes. In France base is 35h/week, 37/39 are frequent with the extra 2-4h hours then available 1:1 as extra vacation time ( RTT, you get hours on top of 35 worked over the year / 7 ( standard work day) of them over the year). I'm currently on 35, might move to 37 ( majority at my company). YAML is horrible, regardless of how its used ( unless for a flat https://noyaml.com/ Because YAML is an abomination that uses spaces for logic, there isn't any other way if you need YAML at the end ( like you do with Kubernetes). HCL is light JSON and works pretty well for configuration. And still has a military-run black site for illegal detainment and torture. And not only that, they refuse international law and to subject their war criminals to prosecution. Strike that, they have a law allowing themselves to invade anyone investigating their war criminals, have sanctioned such investigators, and actively pardon war criminals. Not OP, but * US military action anywhere * CIA kidnapping and torture of US and non-US nationals * US sponsored regimes and regime changes around the world That's a decent start. Just because Saudi Arabia acts barbarically within its own borders ( and they're not alone in that) doesn't mean that chopping up a dissidents in an embassy in a foreign country is somehow OK or acceptable. ScyllaDB, which is Cassandra and DynamoDB compatible is a good alternative. If you're on AWS and don't intend to move, yep, it's a decent option. > You can easily write tools that generate json/yaml for you based on your needs. For most applications you're deploying you'll need: Can you with yaml? Helm tries, but isn't that great, jinja ( depending on how its done ( jinja in yaml as in ansible or jinja to yaml as in SaltStack)) does an ok job, but fundamentally managing a language which uses spaces for logic with code is hard, and certainly YAML wasn't created to be managed that way. JSON i agree, you can easily convert your language of choice's data structures to it. But do you have to? It adds another layer of complexity, and you can have unexpected bugs ( since you have a logic layer that creates JSON, which could be wrong due to a logical error). HCL is a DSL that needs learning and few use outside of Hashicorp products, but IMHO it's not that hard ( docs are great, tutorials are plenty) and it's worthwhile to have data+logic in the same human and machine readable layer. In any case, Nomad accepts JSON for everything ( mostly for when non-humans interact with it). Well, it's same thing with Nomad - there are native SDKs, protobuf and a classical JSON REST API for everything. Is it? If GCP are launching an even more managed version of their managed Kubernetes because the current one is too complex for some, i'd say it isn't that hands off, even with a managed service. It's gotten drastically better, but updates are still serious work ( point in case, all cloud providers bar Scaleway are usually multiple versions late) To be clear, i ( the author of the article) am not affiliated with Hashicorp in any way besides using some of their ( free, open source versions) products. I just used Kubernetes at work, inherited a poorly maintained cluster, and when time came to change, due to very limited time available, we opted for Nomad. Few years in, i'm telling what i've learned ( while still running a k8s cluster for home use, so i'm not entirely disconnected from the k8s ecosystem) Or if reduced redundancy is accepted, on one/two ( either one with everything running as server and client, or two with one running Nomad, Vault Consul servers and the other clients) I see. > Nomad is supposed to be "significantly easier than microk8s or minikube or kind" to run locally as a dev environment. Well, anyone familiar with minikube is well aware that to get it up and running you only need to install it and kubectl, and quite literally just run 'minikube start' It would appear that i wasn't up to date on minikube - last time i installed it ( it was a few years back, and since then i've switched to microk8s for local stuff), it required a VM intermediary and driver, but that's no longer the case, direct Docker being supported. That's drastically easier than it was before, but there's still a slight advantage to Nomad (see below). > Nomad agent is not only far more convoluted to get up and running according to Nomad's official documentation, but it is also explicitly stated that it's use is highly discouraged How so? Download a binary, run `nomad agent -dev` and that's it, there's nothing convoluted. It's highly discouraged the same way minikube is - for production use. With `nomad agent -dev` you get a local ephemeral Nomad instance you can do whatever you want with, but should never use it for production use. The small advantage i talked about is that minikube is a separate thing you have to download ( and there's minikube vs microk8s vs kind); with nomad, it's the same one as the CLI you need to interact with the cluster. So i'd be like there was `kubectl minikube start`, and that's it - you can go from working with a cluster to having a local one for testing in a command. Very slight advantage, indeed, but still one IMHO. > From my experience nomad and other hashicorp tools required more learning how to use all the pieces together / figuring out edge cases / debugging. > K8s was definitely easier to setup How so? I can't imagine any production setup of Kubernetes from scratch ( not managed by a cloud provider) being easier, initially or on day 2, than Nomad+Consul+Vault, but maybe i'm missing something. > provide Xcode for free They force you to use it to develop any app for iOS and macOS - it's a significant financial investment to get there ( you need a mac, a developer account), if you had to pay for Xcode as well... ( to be fair, you probably pay for it in a way with the developer account) And what happens when there's a storm? Renewables alone can't provide all the power needed over extended periods of time without very significant storage, for which there is no large scale cost effective solution actually implemented. Coal exhaust may not, but coal itself does, just google/ddg " coal slurry disasters" to see the impact when it goes wrong. > It's interesting that even analytics solutions which list respecting user privacy as their main USP (i.e. simpleanalytics.com, plausible.io) support this kind of concealement scheme. I find it at least questionable since a user that employs a specific extension to block tracking requests has clearly expressed an intent to not be tracked That's because you're confusing tracking, which is e.g. Google tracking your behaviour across different websites to decide what you like and what adds you might click, and website analytics, which is making statistics on what type of people ( location, language, browser, mobile/PC, from where) visit your website. Privacy concious analytics doesn't track it, it only aggregates who you are so that the website owner can make decisions ( the mobile version is useless because all users come from PCs, optimising for Safari isn't needed since no users use Apple devices, etc.). It's unfortunate for your average site owner that you lose that data from people not wanting to be tracked, because that's really not the same thing, they're just a drive-by casualty. And direct debits and transfers are free ( barring potential currency exchange ) That's not limited to credit cards, Revolut( UK) and Aumax (France) fintechs offer it on regular debit cards. It's always baffling when people talk about depositing checks via forms and apps. The US banking system is moving sideways instead of forwards. I'm not sure thriving is the correct term. When it comes to HDI, human rights record, freedom of press/expression/etc. i can't think of a single Muslim-majority country ( which isn't the same as Islamic, and i chose the former because they fare better by definition on various freedoms) On the HDI, the first majority Muslim country is the UAE, at 31, and that's probably highly skewed by its limited population, extreme natural wealth, and slavery. And considering it's involved in a human rights catastrophe in Yemen, it fails any human rights record-based index directly. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Development_Index On the contrary, I'd say that Islam is stuck in the past, which doesn't help Muslim nations thrive and develop, and those that do, do it based on "luck" ( natural resources). That's got to be the lowest bar for "socialism" i've ever seen. So, is Eisenhower socialist as well? The US Interstate highway is much bigger than the Autobahn, so it surely counts? It would be for political motives if the stage would somehow reward you, like bumping you up in the list for villas or fancy cars, or just having "good person, rats on their family" in your file for later. Denouncing crimes, especially crimes some people consider to be among the worst possible, against democracy, even when committed by close family members, is purely a matter of personal choice and conscience. Firebase is Google, yes, and the name of a suite of mobile-related products. They have ML Kit, Crash analytics, configuration management, auth etc. Also, Firebase Cloud Messaging is the only way to have push notifications on Android. Using either of their products ( outside of Firebase Analytics and maybe Firebase Auth) isn't tracking users and isn't harvesting user data. It's using tools to make apps, that's it. Potatoes are a staple in many European countries, and cuisine varies wildly between various European countries. > The UK isn’t asking to ship things to Poland or Slovakia or France. Northern Ireland and Republic of Ireland have a long and ingrained relationship that makes a separation between them near impossible, and the UK is feeling it. This has nothing to do with the main EU bloc It has everything to do with the EU, because Northern Ireland and Ireland don't have a land border because they both were are a part of the EU. The UK wants to leave the customs union allowing the lack of border, while keeping no border, which is practically impossible. It's entirely the UK's fault here - they want their cake and to eat it too. It cannot possibly work, and the only viable long term solution is for Ireland to unite. On Android too. It literally takes 15-20s for it to charge enough for me to be able to select anything. It doesn't fly like a 737 without MCAS, and has a tendency to stall under certain conditions ( unlike previous 737s), hence the MCAS was present ( and very poorly made). You can say the 737 Maxes crashed due to aerodynamic reasons, since that was the only reason the buggy MCAS existed. > The FAA has strict guidelines on what is and is not reportable, and those guidelines arent skirted by any commercial operator of a size that would be flying 737 Like it has strict guidelines on when a new version of a plane needs to be recertified and what specific tech needs specific certification and testing ( if failure can crash the plane, and if failure is possible at more than X rate). Boeing completely ignored that when self-certifying the 737Max, so what makes you think airlines will listen to the FAA more? > The commercial aviation industry, particularly in the US, has a stellar safety record over the past several decades. This track record isnt a fluke, it's the result of systemic safeguards that the carriers, FAA, and manufacturers have put in place. Baring the latest huge safety problems, like the 737Max. You missed > phantasy As well. I'm also really curious about the writing style and choices. Do you use Web Monetisation ( as in, pay)? If you don't, and don't want to be tracked for ads, how do you propose things work? https://www.enforcementtracker.com/ Nobody will pay for every small blog, recipe/repair tutorial/gardening tips website/YouTube channel. How much value do they bring to you ? How much would you pay for them? How would you know they're worth it without using them first, and why would they allow you to use them for free, when most users would be one-shot? Please support Web Monetization. Indeed, because for many of them the only option is ads, because almost nobody uses any alternatives ( the only one i know of is Web Monetization). Until it's massively used, few site owners will make the effort. Indeed, their page doesn't make it obvious, but on a computer you can use extensions for Chrome and Firefox. Puma is the only option on mobile though ( never heard of it either). You can, but do you remember the times on the Internet when that was the case? I vaguely remember cents per thousands of ad clicks, which would make most websites financially unviable. Au contraire, i'm saying start using it now, and if enough people do, website owners will see the point in supporting it. Yeah, it's not as obvious as it could be, i'm in the process of writing an article on the subject and how important i think it is combat ads and tracking in the long term. And ads work, and the vast majority of people consent to them. The problem is, they're not that good of a model > Honestly the cable industry is a monopoly and has grown beyond government oversight I think you mean an oligopoly. Christianity is among the religions that have the biggest amount of interpretations and custom versions believing in subsets or supersets of it ( just for starters, Catholics, Orthodox, Lutherans, Mormons, and a million others). Due to age, evolving interpretations, efforts of modernization and various sects, "Christianity" can mean different things to different people, and enforcing any version of it is bound to piss off any competing sect, religion and all non-religious people, which will probably be the majority. There's a bunch of others to consider on noyaml.com Since when are licenses mission critical? ( OP said the update is only available via the licensing portal) That could never happen baring an unlikely critical even such as a nuclear world war. Any of them being fully down is nearly impossible - remember, we're talking about autonomous regions across hundreds of DCs across the globe. That really pisses me off. Go look at the source, IBM. They started a pilot program, with power users, and converted them to Macs, and then a year in said that Macs need less support and cost less over their 3 year lifecycle. See the problems? They couldn't know a year in about 3 costs over 3 years, and taking power users that demand Macs and saying they don't need support is obvious . That's a bullshit and obviously wrong "statistic" and source to use. The fact that Uber are still bleeding money after being established in most markets they still operate in ( others were sold), would indicate otherwise. There's a good reason airplane cockpits don't use touch screens, and that's because feedback is minimal and you can't use it in low visibility/panic scenarios, which can occur. Having a good old fashioned flip switch in a precise location that can be used with the eyes closed based on muscle memory can literally be the difference between life and death. There's nothing wrong with that. However, when a for profit company asks you to exercise your rights for them, it's at least a bit dubious. FYI i wrote a post on the subject : https://atodorov.me/2021/03/07/please-support-web-monetizati... Well Uphold ( the wallet i personally use) seems to require some documents before withdrawing money, probably to satisfy KYC requirements, so it seems legally possible. Not to mention, the sums involved are rather small, so maybe there are some thresholds ? > What guarantee is there that this will reduce ads in any way? None, of course. It's possible to disable ads for users with Web Monetization, but it's also possible to be greedy and use both at the same time. But remember, we're not talking about big companies or anything of the sort, it's more for small scale personal blogs, or, as i pointed out, institutions like the Internet Archive or Wikipedia, so greed is IMHO unlikely and will probably be rare. In any case, if you use an ad blocker, which you absolutely should, the ads don't impact you. It's still ads, in a way: > Brave Rewards locally picks which private ads to show you based on your browsing activity. Then, Brave uses an anonymous accounting process to confirm ad event activity, keep personal details private, and ensure people earn rewards for their attention Compared to Web Monetization, which is transparent to the user and proportional to time spent. Indeed! Thanks, Stannis, but a bit too late to change now.. You're aware that we're not talking about business, right? It's for regular people who post random stuff on the Internet that would like to get something out of it and maybe one day turn it into a career. I don't mind posting whatever i've written for free, even if it has taken me tens of hours to research and write, but i also wouldn't mind being rewarded for that. There's plenty of crap on the Internet, but there's also plenty of good content. Do you think none of it deserves to get any income for the time spent and whatever costs incurred? Because the fact that a lot run ads or use medium or similar, would imply that at least a decent part of content creators would in fact prefer to gain at least some income. Check out my other comment here [0] on abusing tracking and ads anyway, but basically, just run an ad blocker anyway :) As for when the payments happen, it's only when the page is open and active, and stops if you go idle. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26376118 > I believe the current deluge of ads unseen since early 200X is the biggest proof that that "Internet economy" does not work, and will not work. Financial statements by Google, Facebook, Twitter and co would imply otherwise. > If somebody does not want to give you money, why would they? They wouldn't, and that's the point isn't to force them, it's to allow those that do want to give money , to be able to do so easily. If the website you're on is some random crap, you can usually tell quickly, well before the Coil extension kicks in and starts streaming payments; if on the other side spend 10 minutes reading an article or exploring a beautiful map of Westeros, then some cents trickle directly to the creator. > People will never pay for what people now derisively call "content" nowadays. Substack and Medium exist, showing that people can and do pay for "content" ( which doesn't mean a TikTok dance or SEO filler). > The only suggestion I have for the type of one man blogger enterprise complaining about nobody giving them money is to change occupation, and get a normal source of income. You do you. Because ads are obnoxious and privacy nightmares, and also security risks. You can just disable JS and third-party cookies, but that might break some websites ( and that number will only increase due to the proliferation of SPAs and fancy frontend frameworks). IMHO setting up ads on your website is higher friction that web monetization is. How would it?! Did you even read the article? If anything, on the contrary, it would allow decentralisation of content because it could make running your own blog somewhere financially viable compared to having to rely on Reddit or Medium. > Frankly, I want less commercial content. I want to read and watch stuff put out by hobbyists, people who are excited by what they're doing, who would do it without compensation anyway. The fact that someone would do it without compensation doesn't mean that if they do get compensation they wouldn't spend more time on it. It's precisely for hobbyist-level stuff where web monetization can really shine. Sorry, but i specifically address this in the article: > Anonymity and privacy are provided by the way things work - that wallets are randomly generated IDs, Coil transfer the money, the wallet provider knows who the recipient is, the content creators knows how much they’ve received, but nobody knows everything. Here’s a post[0] by Coil’s co-founder and CTO Ben Sharafian discussing wallet-side and sender-site (based on PrivacyPassp[1]) privacy techniques they and the wallet providers use to ensure everyone’s privacy is respected. 0 - https://coil.com/p/sharafian/Doubling-Down-on-Privacy/cD_Ziw... 1 - https://privacypass.github.io/ But that's not (directly) Youtube's fault, is it? > The discussion around this post confuses me. Because in practice it doesn't sound that bad, but the comments seem to be against it. A person pays a subscription to "consume content" [1] and the author is paid for it. But why do I need a wallet? What is this ledger business all about? What's the meta tag for? The wallet and the HTML meta tag are for people who want their websites monetized. If you just read/watch/etc., only a browser extension and subscription are required. > In reality how is this even better than Patreon or "Buy me a Coffee" or GitHub Sponsors. It isn't, it's complimentary, but more widely applicable. You won't sponsor every single blog owner for every single article you found useful or applicable to your use case, because that would be too onerous. > Is there a way to pause or speed up/increase or whitelist sites with this tool/process? This will 100% cause scammers to find ways to abuse this system just like scammy ad-filled sites, and there seems little point of contributing if your money will go towards building a new scamming industry. You can manually stop the extension on scammy websites, and it only works when the page is open and active, and stops when you go idle. For the money involved (subscriptions are $5 USD/month, and you get less than $0.46/ active hour of use), and the hassle ( to withdraw money from a wallet you need to prove your identity), i don't think abuse will be very profitable. > What are the thresholds? Do I have to approve payment? If not, what happens when I land on a low-quality site that gamed SEO/titles/etc to capture my click and waste my time? Can I revoke payments? It's automatic, and kicks in ~10s after loading the page. The sums involved are small though ( i don't have a way to test, but it's $0.46 USD/hour, so i doubt The extension is active only on the currently active open tab, and doesn't work with background ones, even if they try to game the isActive() algorithm. Here's the list of all supported extensions: https://help.coil.com/docs/membership/coil-extension/index.h... And the code for all of them is FOSS, so adapting for another browser should be relatively easy. Are we talking about the same Web Monetization? Unless all sites decide to provide everything only as exclusive for WM-enabled browsers ( which IMHO would be trivial to circumvent), what you're saying is not at all on the cards. > My Twitter timeline, HN comments, IRC channels, obscure invite-only forums, or nerd/rationalists blogs have demonstrably better information on everything from the pandemic and nutrition to investment and programming than any well-compensated journalists I've ever read. Not to mention humour. They manage to be more accurate, informative, and funnier at the same time. I refuse to believe you. What are your "Twitter timeline, HN comments, IRC channels, obscure invite-only forums, or nerd/rationalists blogs"'s sources? How the f can they provide better information on the pandemic unless you have actual virologists and public health experts actually working on it there? If you don't ( and having them would be pure chance since you can't possibly follow multiple experts from every single domain on the planet )? > It should be difficult, nigh impossible, but isn't because paid media is terrible. Pandering to their audience, just the fact that everyone have a book in them but not necessarily four, groupthink in the MSM, adverse selection... I don't know the reason but I'm hardly the only one to see it. Bullshit. The mere fact that you use the bullsit "MSM" "term" is indicative of your lack of knowledge on the matter. Not only that, the blatant disregard for any traditional media is dangerous on a few fronts - you live in your bubble, you're overly reliant on what information trickles down to you via said bubble, and even if your bubble is magnificent, has all sorts of actual experts in it, and you're actually knowledgeable and intelligent enough to be able to filter and prioritize, your wrong opinion might convince some people that do not have all of the above to follow your example, and that is how you get Q lunatics living in an alternate reality. Furthermore, have you actually recently used any media of good reputation and standing, paid or not? Personally i'm subscribed to the FT, and i have seen tons of stories not readily available through HN, Twitter, etc., and more to the point, in much more depth, usually. There's the occasional not really well written article, which gets compensated by the availability of other sources, but the analysis of professional journalists, with associated graphs, images, direct sources, etc. is IMHO priceless . FT and Fox couldn't be farther apart, yet your ridiculous label "MSM" groups them together. On what grounds? > Funny since I have half a dozen Windows licenses and use a free Linux distro to respond to you. It was largely written by professionals, sure, but there's still something to your take as well, even if it's a little GPT-like. Linux is maintained by professionals, indeed. If the initial amateurs never got any funding to do it full time, it wouldn't have come as far. So exactly counter to your argument? But you need to actually follow and really like the content creator. I spend ~$50/month on it, but i wouldn't do it for plenty of smaller-scale stuff that i occasionally enjoy. Giving them something is still better in my eyes. > Android is a mess Compare apples to apples - Samsung and their Android version are a mess. Most vendors do the same because they can and to differentiate themselves and earn extra money ( like having Facebook crap preinstalled). Android would have never worked if it weren't so open in the first place, and at least the workarounds are well documented and you can usually flash with LineageOS or something; it doesn't help your average Joe, but each manufacturer having their own custom OS with the same crap wouldn't have helped him either. Nope, in France Bouygues Telecom required only a 10euro payment ( cash accepted too) to issue a new SIM card, which wasn't even in my name. > I don't get the rant around MSM. There's definitely mainstream media. And while they didn't fall for Q (although I still heard Q mocked in my bubble long before it was in the media), they have their own Russiagate conspiracy theory they're pushing. Here's another article from my bubble if you care. Depends on your definition. "Mainstream" as what people watch/read and commonly accept as decent publications with some sort of professionalism and oversight? Certainly, probably every country has them! However, the people using the "MSM" label usually imply that all such media is bad, too biased, wrong, in a secret plot with X, etc. So which is it for you ? If you really do believe that all even remotely popular ( which would include things as diverse as like Fox, BBC, the Guardian, the FT, Washington Post, New York Times, Le Figaro, Le Monde, Mediapart, Der Spiegel, etc.) medias are corrupt/wrong/too biased to pay attention to or anything of the sort, and random bloggers, twitterers, forumers are better than them... I honestly do not know how to proceed. It's obviously a ludicrous notion that isn't and cannot possibly be true and the only possible explanation i can imagine is that you're applying the exaggerated logic based on the shitty US media landscape to the rest of the world. As for Q mocking in your bubble... Great for you, I guess? Maybe professional journalists have more integrity than to popularize a shitty ridiculous conspiracy theory by discussing it. Maybe their usual sources don't include 4chan or w/e. > The most dangerous and deranged conspiracy theory of the last four years is the multi-headed Russiagate fantasy: the Kremlin has infiltrated the U.S. Government and controls it through sexual blackmail, Moscow has invaded the U.S. electricity grid and is poised to shut off heat in winter -- the craziest and most moronic shit possible. A 2018 poll found that ⅔ of Democrats — ⅔!! — believe that Hillary really won the election but Russians invaded the voting systems and switched her votes to Trump. I don't see how that's relevant, at all . We're talking about "mainstream" media, not irrelevant US partisan politics. The world doesn't end at the US border, you know? Okay, a few things here. Canonical are a UK-based company, nothing to do with the Silicon Valley. Flutter compiles to native code and uses Qt behind the scenes. Electron uses an embedded Chrome to render stuff with web tech. How are they even remotely alike? They're cross-platform, yes, and Dart is supposed to be a better JavaScript, but that's it. Go is legitimately great tech and is very useful. Flutter could become so too, but it's too early to tell. You don't need an attendant being there 24/7, why would you? Just regular cleaning ( like every hour/few hours), which can probably be done by few people ( as in a team of two can cover 10 toilets). re: English ( or whatever main language of the country is), in a lot of cases traditional restaurants ( various Asian, Italian, Spanish, Mexican, etc.) are owned and run by non-native speakers. As some anecdata, i tried ordering by phone from my local Korean restaurant, and i could barely understand the person on the other side due to their heavy accent, especially on Korean words ( which the menu items are in) and the fact i'm non-native myself. Like r/selfhosted? OVH design their own datacenters, so it's possible that they missed something or some system or another didn't work as intended, thus the heavy damage. Look them up, they're one of the biggest hosting providers in the world ( especially in France), and due to cheap prices are especially pop-up with smaller scale stuff. OVH aren't nice in that regard, and have trolled competitors to "leave it to the pros" before when there were serious incidents ( of which OVH have had their fair share), so it's not surprising. According to a 2013 forum post by the now CEO of Scaleway, a competitor of OVH, it's due to North American building regulations that basically force you into sprinklers and stuff for insurance reasons. Source in French: https://lafibre.info/ovh-datacenter/ovh-et-la-protection-inc... According to a forum post discussing the building of said DC, with photos and such, there's no visible fire suppression system: https://lafibre.info/ovh-datacenter/ovh-et-la-protection-inc... That's for its North America DCs, not European ones. That cannot possibly be true. Do you imagine the fallout if it came out ( and how would in not, thousands of people would have passed through, one disgruntled employee is enough) ? AWS would lose most customers within a few years, Amazon.com as well ( disgusted buyers and sellers), there'd be lawsuit everywhere. I really don't think anyone in Amazon is stupid enough to risk a trillion dollar business for some potential competitive advantage on whatever sold on Amazon.com The analogy isn't great, because you having car A ( with its advantages, like easy to remember, good SEO, good pun on the company name, etc.) doesn't preclude anyone from having the exact same car bought elsewhere. Domains are unique, cars rarely are. Or SPF for that matter. The .ai TLD has an A record, so http://ai/ works. > Does anyone why housing everywhere seems to be going nuts? This can't be a good sign. It will depend on the location, but usually a mix of more people in the big cities, inflation, low interest rates ( so low mortgage rates), physical constraints ( most cities can't sprawl forever), sometimes regulations ( like zoning). It's mostly in big cities though, go to a small one without any obvious geographic advantage ( like being on the seaside), and prices are usually much lower and stagnating. Also depending on location, IMHO the pandemic has shown to a lot of people that remote work is possible and can be productive, so there will be some moves towards smaller cities and villages + remote working for big city businesses. Yes. Planes are designed and tested to not fail in dangerous scenarios, like overshooting the runway, having to abort takeoff at the last moment, an engine exploding, etc. The airplane falling apart is unexpected Bombardier's C-series was just starting to sell well among big carriers (Delta) before the US sabotaged them to protect Boeing, which brought them to their knees, forced them to sell everything off and they probably won't survive the pandemic, so yes. > There is no reason why America can not have 3 or even half a dozen competing jetliner manufacturers There is - it's an incredibly capital and know-how heavy business, with loooong lead times and huge risk. Just ask Bombardier - a company with plenty of aeronautical experience nearly went bankrupt developing the C-series ( which is a short haul airliner, so not even the most expensive), had to sell off everything they do, and the pandemic will probably finish them off. How do you expect a password manager, which is what Bitwarden is at its base, to work without an account? Yeah, even policemen rarely have guns in the UK, allowing everyone to have one would be lunacy. Yep, and IMHo it does a pretty good job at it with some integrations. Yes, you can, but you can't buy them at Tesco with zero paperwork. It isn't on Jira if you're 0 - sso.tax One person could still require significant capacity - imagine an API with flight info, and your one person SaaS that does some magic with it by getting the data real time for all flights around the world. > And no HA doesn’t mean “down for a month”. It means I have no issue with enduring a few hours of downtime here and there No HA means downtime is expected and frequent ( baring crazy luck, but let's not base business on hope). If your invoicing, or project management, or note taking or whatever SaaS is down and you need it now to do something for a client of yours, how many hours of downtime can you accept? > And HA and backups aren’t even related, so... You said scalability and reliability, good backups are a part of reliability. If a SaaS cheaps on backups and HA for small time clients like one-person companies or small startups, and then a fire burns it all ( but not entreprise customers, because their backups are replicated to another DC), is it OK because they were small? When the main arguments against nuclear power are around cost, it's entirely reasonable to point out costs and inconveniences around alternative power generation sources, which for renewables are mostly around land use, rare and bad to mine materials used in construction, pollution around them and potential recycling, and the lack of stability. All those bring costs up, and some are outright ignored when arguing nuclear is too expensive. What do you mean hidden costs of nuclear? All of those you listed are a well defined part in the costs, and considered from the start of a nuclear power plant, with provisions required for decomissioning and storage. As for Germany, nuclear is their only CO2-free base load power option, so comparing costs to solar that only works when sun shines isn't apt. A good winter storm and tidal, wind and solar are out for hours - what do you do then? Coal? Gas? Or just have nuclear for base to start with? And yes, one day there could be massive grid-scale storage, maybe. Well, with a reduced work week, some jobs ( mostly service jobs that need to provide full coverage) would require more workers to cover the whole week, so i really don't see the issue here with regards to unemployment. It's not necessarily less work per person, it's less time per person. That matters in cases where coverage is needed ( medical personnel, police, fire department, secretaries, phone support, hospitality, etc.) but in others where only the output matters ( like software engineering, lawyers, marketing, even factories in some cases etc. ), there have been multiple studies around the subject and they all claim that fewer work hours increase productivity. You're wrong, here's all the details for Hinkley Point C: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/hinkley-point-c-f... EDF have already planned spent fuel storage and decomissioning, and it's provided for in the prices. That's just one example, but it's been the standard practice across nuclear projects for decades now in most of Europe. > Unless we can see evidence that the system as a whole (i.e. nuclear industry plus government of various levels of corruption) can function to process and store waste safely, this is a black mark against the nuclear industry. It is being done today, and there are multiple projects that intend to improve upon it ( by recycling or cold underground permanent storage). What kind of evidence do you need? For it to be done over a 100 years? It'd be far too late then. > The difference is, most of these costs _are_ factored in to renewable costs because there are few subsidies (at least at grid level It will depend on location, but across the EU there are massive subsidies. Furthermore, recycling costs aren't included and are just starting to come to light with the decomissioning of the first generation of solar and wind generation platforms. Their limited useful life,bserious recycling costs and related pollution, and all of those on the energy storage required to actually make them useful for bade load are rarely a part of the discourse. > I just don't understand why we're still talking about this when nuclear storage costs, even when included, are laughably optimistic How so? Most of the problems around long term storage are political. The temporary swimming pools are still good enough for decades or even centuries to come, while projects on underground permanent storage are advancing ( most notably Finland iirc). Only for the paid tiers, free tier stays free. SO really isn't a great example, they have considerations most companies don't - Windows and SQL Server licensing. When shit like that is involved, scale out rarely seems like a better choice. It's not only about the amount of users, it's also a matter of availability. Even the most stupid low-use barely-does-anything internal apps at my company get deployed either to two machines or a Nomad cluster for redundancy ( across two DCs). Design for failure and all that. Failure is unlikely, but it's trivial to setup at least active-passive redundancy just in case, it will make failures much easier. Stack Overflow have unique constraints ( Microsoft licensing) which make vertical scaling a cheaper option, and IMHO that's rarely the case. What you have sounds great, and sounds about the same as running containers with orchestration, just via SystemD cgroups instead of container cgroups, and bash and humans instead of a real orchestrator. You lose a lot of features ( idempotent and self-contained ( so zero risk of dependency clashing), cluster-wide auto-healing, load distribution and autoscaling, centralised management) and ease of use of existing solutions ( want to run a CockroachDB cluster? There's probably a k8s operator for that; want automatic DNS? Consul from Nomad, k8s already do that), but you understand it. There could be very serious downsides around maintenance of your bash scripts, and onboarding new people. k8s isn't the only option, Nomad is a much better fit here. What would be the point of using Nomad to orchestrate systemd units instead of just using Nomad to raw_exec stuff? Nomad does health checks and all that, so systemd isn't really needed. Btw i wrote an article about how great, easy and feature rich Nomad is which might interest you - https://atodorov.me/2021/02/27/why-you-should-take-a-look-at... Which has nothing to do with GitHub, certainly isn't about the t-shirts, and had one bad year due to specific popularity among a non-technical crowd. How about trying for murder the people who advocated that the economy is more important and killed thousands of people through negligence? We can never know due to the vast array of different variables involved, but to say what Brazil is going through, or what some US states went through, and the associated death toll is somehow better than a lockdown seems a very weird take. When thousands are sick, and hospitals are full, medical personnel is stretched to their limits, nobody can get intensive care, regardless of age. Poverty is a serious issue that needs to be tackled, but ignoring direct and indirect deaths due to Covid is simply wrong. We're a year in. We can identify at risk cases, and, from the beginning, only heavy cases get to the hospital. What do you mean Electron based? There's no such thing as an "Electron-based UX". Bitwarden clients have the same UX across OSes and platforms ( browser extension, mobile app, thick client". The thick clients are indeed Electron based. It's not the country that decides, it's the person and a panel of doctors, and there are requirements ( severe physical or mental issues). Point in case, there's a trial for murder on doctors that signed off on euthanasia for a woman which didn't fit the requirements - https://www.reuters.com/article/us-belgium-euthanasia-idUSKB... Who is talking about the US hospital system? Today, hospitals in France at 83% capacity, in the region around Paris at 104%. During the first wave, the situation in Italy was so bad doctors had to choose who had a higher chance of survival and only admit them, and leave others to die on the streets. I cannot believe there are still people in an alternative reality. https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/?utm_campaign=home... ? Here are some numbers. Do check when was the last time a "flu" killed ( confirmed) 2.7m people. Not to mention it's still ongoing, mutating, and new variants are more easy to spread and heavier, especially among younger ( The BBC could have asked Sci-Hub and students for comment to add more sides of the story. > The UX is on par with WhatsApp So as the GP said, subpar. > Also it costs $40/year to get access to the paywalled docs Documentation should never be paywalled. It kills SEO and usability, and is very user hostile. Why are you under the impression that GP is or wants to be a customer ? I'm not a customer of Google for writing Go code, or of Microsoft for using VS Code, or of Sentry for self-hosting their awesome product. Using FOSS CentOS doesn't make anyone a customer of RH, and that's why the latter screwed the former by abandoning CentOS8 and going back on the announced support lifecycle. You can I'd you live in a jurisdiction which gives you the right to demand for all information a company has on you, and the right to be forgotten ( GDPR in the EU, maybe California as well?) Their best shot at competing with GitHub is on features ( and they do a pretty good job at it too), so i think they can't afford to stop shipping new features. GitHub's UX is simple because it doesn't even come close to what GitLab provides, even in the free tier, and their iteration is much slower. If GitHub had GitLab's features it'd have a complex in some places UX as well. > The problem is basically the welfare state, which requires a huge tax system/burden to support, and encourages 'welfare tourism'. > Dropping all welfare for non-citizens, setting a minimum lifetime income tax paid to receive citizenship (eg. €100,000) refusing further immigration from troublesome nations and actually deporting those already there, as well as raising the retirement age to 70 - and with the savings eliminating payroll tax and cutting VAT to 16% (the legal minimum) across the bloc - are the necessary solutions Do you have any source supporting your claim that welfare for non-citizens is a significant part of government expenses? Or any case, more significant than the contributions ( direct in taxation and less direct in products and services ) of said non-citizens? Going on my observations, the concept seems ludicrous. IMHO vertical integrations through acquisitions on such a scale and of such importance ( Microsoft gobbling up studios and gaming tooling such as Discors) should be investigated and stoped on anti-trust grounds, or at least MS should be forced to do interoperability. It will drastically tilt the scales towards Xbox and MS cloud gaming if there's a tight integration with Discord and many Microsoft-owned exclusives. That was a long time ago, under an entirely different government. I think that Macron, being the outspoken politician he is, would probably do something, at the very very least to save face from the far right party who would be all over this. The Mossad agents in question were imprisoned, so it was something, and Saudi Arabia really isn't an ally to any European country. The Cuban Missile crisis got pretty far with nuclear weapons, and UN embarrassment and pressure played a part in the USSR's response and ultimate back down. The West is a very broad term, including countries as diverse and as wildly different as Belgium, the US, Denmark, Germany, France, Spain, UK, and even Australia and New Zealand. Germany for instance had the decency to ban arms exports to Saudi Arabia. > Meanwhile the same UN issued more condemnations of the democratic state of Israel than of all other nations combined (2006-2015: 61 against Israel, 54 all others, none against China). I don't see what democracy has to do with it. Plenty of democratic countries have and still do violate human rights, and Israel is particularly egregious. Maybe the UN considers they have more authority/clout over Israel than Myanmar? Maybe it's due to this usually happening via the General Assembly, where there are quite a lot of Muslim countries who have a bone to pick with Israel by default, so jump at any opportunity ( and there are plenty of them)? And, if i'm reading their site correctly, requires you to have a gaming PC with good networking. It's not even in the same ballpark as Stadia! What you should be comparing Stadia to is GeForce Now, Amazon Luna, Shadow, which provide the computing power as a service. Stadia eschews Windows to run the games, making it cheaper ( their free tier gives you 1080p/60fps for free, you just have to buy the games on the Stadia Store) but limits what games they can run ( they have to be made for Vulkan). The downside is that you have to buy the games for it, but it supports ubisoft+ ( with an addon on the Ubisoft side). But you don't complain when you have to buy games anew when you buy a new platform ( be it a PS, Xbox or PC), and the same logic applies here. GeForce Now and Amazon Luna are still a Windows server box behind the scenes, with the associated slowness and a bit clunky integrations ( e.g. GeForce Now requires you to re-login to Uplay or Epic or Steam every so often, which is painful with a random password and MFA, and no copy-paste available). Shadow provide you full access to a Windows box, with the associated issues ( game updates and downloads are up to you, disk space is limited, etc.). Stadia has some downsides, but IMHO fares very decently against the competition. I have both it and GeForce Now, for different games, and IMHO Stadia's UX is slightly better. Even 30% of your employees have significant bargaining power - losing them all at once could be devastating to any entity. I find it funny how you're contrasting labor centric and free market. What is the market based on, if not labor? Why do you consider that caring for that labor is anti-"free market"? I guess a purist might think that even a minimum wage is anti-"free market", but I'd argue that such purists are living in an alternate reality and that argument is wrong. Of course any criticism of Israel is anti-Semitism, how could it not be? My phrase should be read as "particularly egregious between democratic countries", sorry if that was not clear. If you need examples of Israeli human rights violations, the illegal occupation of the Golan heights, illegal settlements in the West Bank, murder of Palestinian civilians, the de facto open air prison state of Gaza should be good starters. If you're willing to go to when it started, look up the assassination of Count Bernadotte and various massacres of the time - Israel has been violating human rights and international law since its very inception. Sometimes there are mitigating circumstances ( like the Golan heights, it's a strategic place and obviously Syria doesn't intend to play nice) or the operations against Eichmann or at Entebbe. > Android also comes with a bunch of anti features like an api to block the user from taking screenshots. When it came out there's a malware campaign that tries to extract MFA codes from Google Authenticator by taking screenshots, there was a lot of criticism towards Google for not setting the flag that activated that API and made screenshots impossible, and it's a good solution, there's no viable scenario in which you'd want to screenshot your MFA TOTP codes. I admit that i'm sometimes annoyed with it's use in banking apps, but IMHO it's a needed feature for security. Because it's an API for a bunch of reasons ( custom apps for better features, probably taking a video of what you're doing uses the same API), so any app can use it. > How many people live pretty sad lives distracting themselves with toys, electronics, crappy content, and self-medicating with marijuana or even opiates. And how many people lived pretty sad lives being nothing more than serfs or farmers, without even the comfort of a distraction? > All that said, we are vaccinating at a rate of over a million people per day today because of what the Trump administration set in motion a year ago. They pushed for and succeeded at having multiple vaccines developed in the span of eight months Say what now? If i'm not mistaken, none of the first vaccines ( Sputnik V, Chinese one, Pfizer/Biontech, AstraZeneca/Oxford) have anything to do with the US. Moderna and J&J are the only ones developed with US funding. So saying that the plethora of vaccines we got was due to the Trump administration is... wrong. Any even remotely sane administration ( which i know isn't a given for the Trump one) would have financed vaccine development, and many did ( UK with Oxford, France with Sanofi and Institut Pasteur ( both failures, Russia with theirs, etc. etc.) The travel ban was declared by the WHO as ineffective, since the virus was already across the world, with places like Italy already being hot spots for it, so banning travel from China directly was useless and was indeed racially motivated ( the China virus, we banned travel from there, the problem is "solved") on some idiotic level. I don't know why you're signaling out NY politicians, who, as stupid as they were with the initial handling, at least changed course when they understood - many others across the US refused to do so well in the pandemic, when it was painfully obvious how contagious and deadly the virus is. > The WHO said many things...and didn't say enough...they too are responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths around the world. WHO were slow in some regards ( e.g. masks, but it's not like it would have made any positive difference when there simply weren't enough masks available even for medical personnel, let alone the general public), and it's their job to fight pandemics, but they're not "responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths". It's a novel virus, vastly more contagious ( even when asymptomatic), and especially due to China's initial botched response information was slow to tricke, and even when the WHO said stuff, issued warnings, gave counsel many countries outright ignored them, with some like the US deciding to withhold funding to fuck with the WHO in the middle of a fucking pandemic instead of listening to them. > You can literally search for and find videos from exactly the same dates going back to January, February and March to confirm this. The Trump Administration was sounding the alarm. Every time Trump or the team would go on TV politicians from New York, Pelosi and Schummer and others would get in front of a camera to oppose it and tell the public everything was fine. Are you sure? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eB_xCk5ABw , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuVo4fnpLC8 and similar ( you might say those are biased sources, but they show actual footage of him talking nonsense with dates, so if they're wrong, it should be pretty easy to debunk), and my own memory, and everything i've ever seen on the subject was exactly the opposite - Trump desperately trying to sweep it under the rug and saying that everything is fine, everything is under control. He continued to do so well after NY was in pandemic response mode, with makeshift morgues(!) to handle all the dead. Do you recall Cuomo's big speech about how states are bidding against each other for PPE and ventilators, and Trump's and Kushner's response that the federal stockpile is theirs, and they don't buy it that states suddenly need more PPE and ventilators? > Warp Speed tried to fund Pfizer, Pfizer declined. That's hardly the administrations fault. Indeed, it's not their fault, but it's also wrong to say they have anything to do with it. > Also not including Moderna in your list of first vaccines is pretty self-serving considering it was approved (fine, EUA'd) one week after Pfizer. Indeed i fucked up, i wanted to say none of the initial ones bar Moderna, and then say only Moderna and the J&J one were funded by the US, but changed the structure to avoid repetition and it came out wrong. > Even the claim that Pfizer wasn't funded by the US is disingenuous; the US placed an order for 100 million doses of it in July for almost $2 billion. Ordering something with payment on delivery doesn't fund its development: quote from the press release: > The U.S. government will pay the companies $1.95 billion upon the receipt of the first 100 million doses, following FDA authorization or approval. The U.S. government also can acquire up to an additional 500 million doses. And that's for you, not everybody is made of the same cloth, some might live for the distractions. Yes, because making a vaccine for which there are over 7 billion customers that need it is absolutely the same as selling whatever. Production capacity is so far below what is needed that any vaccine manufactured in the first year or two is guaranteed to be bought. In any case, the question at hand was whether or not the US admin funded Pfizer, and it did not. It gave them assurances, but so did many other entities ( like the EU), so the US really cannot be hailed as some sort of visionaries that made the vaccines possible with their generous help ( which was what GP was claiming). > it worked. People liked it. And didn't need to be killed? They could have literally put zero dollars into it for the remaining amount of time left in the universe and life would have been better off. The costs of storage and bandwidth of something as popular as Google Reader probably weren't negligible. > 1. The cancellers are judging the past actions of a person with today's values, and are judging the past version of the person as if such person hadn't had already the chance to reflect on their past actions, accept their mistakes and become a better person. That would make sense for someone judging the Mongols for conquering half of Eurasia. For someone judging sexual harassment and/or rape, when would you draw the line when "today's values" weren't applicable with regards to sexual harassment and/or rape? Like, take Andrew Cuomo or Harvey Weinstein. Is what many people are alleging they did fine because it was some time ago? And of course there are "cancellings" ( i hate that terminology...) for current actions, like LGBTQ-phobia, or the Q lunatics. I absolutely agree that "doing blackface" at a college party 30 years ago isn't really relevant to who a person is today. > RMS is pretty unambiguously leftist and libertarian FYI libertarians nowadays, especially in the US, are basically anarcho-capitalists, and considered right on the political spectrum. > Left-libertarian[14][15][16][17][18] ideologies include anarchist schools of thought, alongside many other anti-paternalist and New Left schools of thought centered around economic egalitarianism as well as geolibertarianism, green politics, market-oriented left-libertarianism and the Steiner–Vallentyne school.[14][17][19][20][21] In the mid-20th century, right-libertarian[15][18][22][23] proponents of anarcho-capitalism and minarchism co-opted[8][24] the term libertarian to advocate laissez-faire capitalism and strong private property rights such as in land, infrastructure and natural resources.[25] The latter is the dominant form of libertarianism in the United States,[23] where it advocates civil liberties,[26] natural law,[27] free-market capitalism[28][29] and a major reversal of the modern welfare state.[30] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libertarianism RMS himself is very anti-libertarians in their US form ( right-libertarian in the Wiki article): https://stallman.org/glossary.html#anti > and I feel like I could build Cloud Run in a weekend with Kubernetes (with decent isolation and actual global reach as well) -- there is a tremendous amount of value in the ecosystem just waiting to be used for projects like this. Well you can, because Cloud Run is using Knative behind the scenes, so you only need a web UI There's also Vercel and Firebase ( Hosting ) which are stable ( not in beta as Cloudflare Pages). If you convert Power to Gas in the form of LPG or methane you then burn for energy when renewables aren't working, you're kinda defeating one of the main purposes of renewables - low carbon output. > IMO streetcars in general are a pretty bad investment, as they are generally just a way of making a bus, but more expensive and stuck on rails With much bigger capacity and also faster. Even BRT with multiple buses one after the other has lower capacity, and unless all buses are electric, also pollutes more and makes more noise. Thought of the same, if no one else beats me i'll get started on this in a few hours You're getting more pay for a wild variety of reasons ( VC inflation, a lot of things that pay has to compensate for, etc.), nothing to do with unions. In France, it's mandatory for companies with more than 50 employees to have workers council and that has to be consulted on serious decisions ( changing offices, firing people, layoffs, etc.) and has some limited negotiation power. They negotiate company-wide policies (accord) on behalf of the employees that have to be at least as good as the branch-wide policies ( convention collective) - e.g. all workers in media companies get 20 days extra vacation because that's what the branch collective bargaining agreement says. Furthermore, oftentimes ( sometimes it's mandatory), there are profit sharing schemes, e.g in my company 1% of the profits is shared among the employees, so your incentives are directly aligned with the company ( it comes to around a salary's worth of a bonus, so it's decent). I don't think anyone claims that "X is stupid" is hate, regardless of how broad or nonsensical X is. X should die, or X are vile subhumans stealing our jobs, or we should rape X, or X are raping our dogs is hate. It must be your bubble/country, because in France it has been said and recommended by the Health Ministry that it probably helps, and doctors prescribe supplements with Vitamin D en masse . > What we should be doing is trying to raise everyone's critical thinking game How do you propose we do that, and what do you propose while waiting for the day where that's the case? The proliferation of Q lunatics and anti-vaxxers shows that we're not really there and there are real-world deadly consequences to "letting people decide for themselves". When it comes to public health, most people can't decide for themselves because they lack the medical background needed to understand the science and decide. "alternative facts" As someone said, we're living in the post-truth era. There's an expression in my native language which, directly translated, is something along these lines: "If my grandma had a rotor, she'd be a helicopter". I think it perfectly encapsulates your "slippery slope" argument, that if today we accept that saying you want to rape someone on Twitter is hate that needs to be stopped, tomorrow saying that processed foods are bad will be hate as well. Do you even realise how stupid your argument sounds? We're not talking about criticism. Were Nazis "criticizing" Jews? Do racists "criticize" other "races"? No, they hate them, and there is a pretty heavy difference between the two. Good, let's try to convince anti-vaxxers, Q people, Covid-deniers and what not of that, it will surely work! Of course it won't, because people tend to listen to other people due to a variety of reasons ( personal charisma, luck, circumstances, etc.). We wouldn't have cults and science deniers otherwise. To everyone, the list has been created, the rest is easy :D https://github.com/sofixa/awesome-museums-online Tomorrow/early next week I'll throw in the boilerplate ( contributing.md, PR template, and see about organisation/generation/TOC/etc.) and then i'll start adding the mentions from this thread and others i know of. Once it's decent and ready for wide contributions, i'll post on HN, Reddit and co. Or maybe our knowledge of the situation and the unknown virus was evolving? And the rate of asymptomatic cases, and the fact that they still spread the virus wasn't initially known/certain? Why the binary approach? > (for the life of me I can’t remember the name of the Tom Clancy book where Iran weaponizes Ebola) Executive Orders. IilIRC his last actual book. > would still defend the right for some random person to publicly state that "we should kill all xxx", not because I agree with him, but because we should be able to discuss the reasons and try to convince him to do otherwise I think that's incredibly naive and doesn't actually work in the world we live in. Take a look at any of the genocides of the last century, with people on one side saying "we should kill all X", people saying "no, X are fine people", and sometimes the first type of people winning and going full genocide. FFS it happened as recently as last year in Myanmar about mass misinformation against Rohingyas, which escalated to a genocide. What then? When the "explaining" doesn't work, do you wait for the actions to start ( taking in mind that usually when a mass amount of people start genociding another people, you can't just easily stop it)? Then, in a way, aren't you complicit in that genocide because you could have acted before but chose to just talk? That's what the Germans settled on post-WWII, that they were all complicit for allowing the Nazis to get so far ( and talking obviously got them nowhere). I unsubscribed from the Economist, and apart from the occasional email with a special offer to resubscribe every ~year it was hassle-free. If i may respond with two quotes from the Nazi Propaganda minister: "To attract people, to win over people to that which I have realised as being true, that is called propaganda. In the beginning there is the understanding, this understanding uses propaganda as a tool to find those men, that shall turn understanding into politics. Success is the important thing. Propaganda is not a matter for average minds, but rather a matter for practitioners. It is not supposed to be lovely or theoretically correct. I do not care if I give wonderful, aesthetically elegant speeches, or speak so that women cry. The point of a political speech is to persuade people of what we think right. I speak differently in the provinces than I do in Berlin, and when I speak in Bayreuth, I say different things from what I say in the Pharus Hall. That is a matter of practice, not of theory. We do not want to be a movement of a few straw brains, but rather a movement that can conquer the broad masses. Propaganda should be popular, not intellectually pleasing. It is not the task of propaganda to discover intellectual truths. Those are found in other circumstances, I find them when thinking at my desk, but not in the meeting hall. Speech on 9 January 1928 to an audience of party members at the "Hochschule für Politik", a series of training talks for Nazi party members in Berlin We enter the Reichstag to arm ourselves with democracy’s weapons. If democracy is foolish enough to give us free railway passes and salaries, that is its problem... We are coming neither as friends or neutrals. We come as enemies! As the wolf attacks the sheep, so come we. Why Do We Want to Join the Reichstag? Der Angriff, 30 April 1928" He seems to have been of the opinion that giving them a platform to voice their hatred even louder was beneficial for them. Is saying things not an action? Especially when the things being said are of the genocidal-wannabe kind? > Thinking that "people are easy to manipulate, thus we must prevent lies from spreading to protect society" is too paternalist and (in my limited experience) does not reflect reality If the last few years have proven anything, it's that people are far too easy to manipulate. Otherwise we wouldn't have successful political campaigns built on outright lies. I honestly don't have a solution for that - i don't think there's a way to filter information so that individuals susceptible to misinformation don't get anything but truth ( actual facts, not whoever's in charge today's version of it), but i also think that it's the only way to have a fully functional society ( i don't think that a society that believes the Nigel Farages, Marine Le Pens, Donald Trumps and Jair Bolsonaros of the world is functional, it's really trivial to see through their shit and lies, yet far too many people don't). > You are right in that propaganda is a very powerful weapon (I openly admitted that on my previous comment) but, then again, we are all adults that should be able to navigate the ocean of misinformation to find out what is true in order to form our own opinions Ideally, yes, we should, but sadly not everybody does. > Having all the Nazi propaganda available today is an invaluable tool to prevent it from happening in the future In theory, but in practice most people have very vague notions of WW2, often with plenty of misinformation sprinkled in ( e.g. Holocaust deniers, people thinking the US won the war singlehandedly, people who deny there were collaborators, etc.). I absolutely think that had Nazi propaganda been limited, they wouldn't have gotten as successful. It took years of Nazi propaganda in people's homes for mass deportations and mass murder to become somewhat acceptable. >As you say (and this might be a bit far fetched, but bear with me) in this instance, voicing their hatred was beneficial for them , at that time , but not for "genocides in general", as now (thanks to how public their whole ideology became) we have data to fight it, were something similar to happen in the future Plenty of people have taken pages of the Nazi handbook on dehumanising, violence, exploiting democracy and freedom to sow discord, and i really don't think it has helped - if anything, the comparisons to Nazis are usually portaid as overexagerations. Initial version ready https://github.com/sofixa/awesome-museums-online , i'll keep adding museums ( from this thread and elsewhere) and sections Netlify are on multiple providers, but due to the DNS spec being old ( no CNAMEs at root) many providers respecting it without providing CNAME flattening, in some cases you have to give use a regular old IP as an A record, hence the impact of the GCP load balancer being down. If one was using CNAME flattening, there was zero impact. Multiple projects like OpenFaaS and Knative try to bridge that moat. And then there's also Nomad, which is drastically simpler than k8s. Not Heroku-easier, but closer to docker-compose than Kubernetes. Self-plugging my article on the Nomad vs Kubernetes subject: https://atodorov.me/2021/02/27/why-you-should-take-a-look-at... I can't imagine that crowd doing it anything but their preferred way. Remember when a Debian maintainer quit due to the obsoleteness of the toolchain that the other maintainers flat out refused improve because "it worked" ( my google-fu is failing me, if someone finds it please post it)? I imagine things to be the same with the kernel ( not saying the toolchain is obsolete, just that if it were, they won't just change and jump to the latest X). Nope. Nomad relies on Consul for Service Discovery and K/V storage, and Vault for secrets, indeed ( Vault can use a variety of backends, including an integrated Raft-based one, Consul, object storage, etc.). One tool that does one thing well, which integrates with other tools that their thing well. I vastly prefer having three simple Raft-based clusters to manage than the "everything and the kitchen sink" approach Kubernetes takes, with results like base64 encoded for "secrets". And as someone doing both, Nomad+Consul+Vault are drastically easier on day one and day two. They're also usable outside of Nomad ( you can have bare metal machines outside of Nomad using Vault secrets and Consul for SD and K/V), and you can link multiple regions together. You do indeed need some basic config management to configure the clusters. Ansible seems to have won that race sadly, and there are available playbooks. > In addition to that, knowing Hashicorp's pricing, I bet that set up would run you north of a million a year for enterprise setup They've changed up their pricing structure and there are more tiers and add-ons, so i doubt it ( basic Vault cluster was in the 5 figured range per year), if you need support. It's not like enterprise support for Kubernetes would come cheap either, especially if you do it the recommended way with multiple clusters and all that. Yep, it's an orchestrator that can orchestrate pretty much anything ( Docker, QEMU, Firecracker, LXC, etc.) microk8s and k3s aren't fit or designed for production, they're mostly for testing/experimenting. And even with managed Kubernetes, there's still a lot of complexity remaining ( GCP had to come out with a more managed service, GKE Autopilot, to address some of that), but you still have the evolution of APIs to keep track of every update you make, and there are still dozens of services that are updated each update, and each one can go wrong ( even if it rarely does). > . One of the benefits of these lightweight solutions is that, you will basically find a helm chart for any serious application out there where as in nomad you might have to figure it out how to deploy. For instances deploying cassandra, you will find a helm chart, but nomad, you might find blog that does it or figure it out yourself. To my best of knowledge that how it is, may be I am wrong? Indeed, and that's the main disadvantage for Nomad IMHO, the ecosystem is much smaller so there aren't that many ready-made equivalents to Helm charts and operators. Depending on how many of those you need, k8s can save you a lot of time. Yep, thanks! It already exists and it's called Web Monetization. I recently wrote an article on it: https://atodorov.me/2021/03/07/please-support-web-monetizati... Not really. The vulnerabilities of using a vendor hosted cloud controller have been demonstrate, but having one yourself next to your networking decides is just as secure as it always was. > Case studies, focus groups, surveys and interviews are great ways to find the unknown unknowns. Of course, you need to pay people to participate in them, and then you need to pay expensive employees to conduct, collect and analyze the results No they're not, because the vast majority of people simply won't be bothered, and most people probably aren't as reliable as concrete data. Uhm.. in the AWS i've used, it's on explicit allow, and all of their docs and tutorials start with IAM and what's needed and why. What more do you want? I can't imagine IAM being simpler while being as granular as it is. You just have to actually take the time to learn about it, like every system. It's still drastically easier to use it securely than doing something on a similar scale and detail manually. > BigRespectableCompanies Ubiquiti really aren't in the same ballpark as AWS or Microsoft, which are the companies people use that argument for, and you can bet your ass their security is better than in most places. some people might be bothered if you pay them. Those for whom money isn't an issue and/or are too busy won't, so that will skew the results. They're the ones that accepted and designed an unsafe aircraft ( a single sensor known for failure feeding a critical system that can crash an airplane? And they hid it from the FAA? They absolutely knew what they were doing and should rot in jail for at least a few years). > K3s is a highly available, certified Kubernetes distribution designed for production workloads in unattended, resource-constrained, remote locations or inside IoT appliances. > [microk8s] Low-ops, minimal production Kubernetes, for devs, cloud, clusters, workstations, Edge and IoT. Microk8s started as an easy alternative to minikube for local dev. k3s started as a simplified version of k8s for testing/experimenting on RPis, etc. Today both seem to focus on IoT/"edge". Both do clustering and HA of the control plane though, so are in theory usable in production. However, why would you use either of them in production? Yes, it's easier than vanilla k8s, but still has a lot of moving parts, and to top it off, it's a specific flavour by Rancher or Canonical of moving parts ( e.g. microk8s uses dqlite for storage instead of etcd). So you might stumble on specific to the platform edge cases, and you still have a big part of the k8s complexity to deal with ( in the case of microk8s it tries to abstract some of the complexity with wrappers, but when they fail, you're screwed). > API will keep evolving but basic objects like deployments and statefulsets that you need for paas like experience are quite stable Stable now, but Ingress was in beta for quite some time, and the when the beta API gets deprecated, you have to adapt. > for example much of eastern Europe and Turkey has authoritarian rulers, also see all these censorship rules on twitter and faceboook Hungary is usually considered Central Europe, and they're the only ones i can think of besides Poland and Belarus. Maybe Serbia if you're being generous? That's far from "much of Eastern Europe ( there are 10 countries in the Balkans only). ] The western countries are accusing China of fake genocide here, such as suppressing the Uyghur culture, their language, their food, their clothing, even their haircuts First of all, that's not a fake genocide. Forced cultural assimilation is still considered genocide. Second, the accusations are far more serious - concentration camps with various human rights abuses. That's in classic genocide territory, going as far as the Herrero and Namaqua one. > The funny thing also, is that one of the most famous Chinese actresses right now, is Dilraba Dilmurat, of the Uyghur ethnicity. And she is rising in stardom in the Chinese entertainment world. > So if the Chinese are really trying to genocide the Uyghurs, then I highly doubt they’d let a Uyghur girl rise up too far in their entertainment culture. > Can you imagine the Nazis promoting Jews in their films? That is the analogy here The comparison isn't apt, because the Chinese don't claim Uyghurs are enemies of the people or w/e, just that their culture is terrorist. They're doing cultural assimilation, not mass extermination ( mostly). So a culturally assimilated actress is a perfect tool - see, they're not all bad, it's not in their blood/race! The virus most likely came from a bat via another animal, and that's highly unlikely to have happened in any of the countries you mentioned. And considering how China responded to the outbreak in Wuhan, it's absolutely certain they won't be forthcoming to disclose previous outbreaks if they find evidence about them ( like the US and some European countries did) Well they were, it wasn't until 1942 that the first mass extermination camps were opened. And it was not whites vs X, it was Aryans vs "subhuman" "races". Jews and Slavs are as white as "pure" Germans were, yet were considered subhuman and for extermination. And anti-Semitism in general was wildly popular in many parts of the world, including Europe and the US. That's not entirely true. Congo - when the atrocities came out, the king was forced to cede it to Belgium and the terror more or less stopped. The Ottoman genocides were during the Great War, and even their allies ( Germany ) were concerned and issued proclamations, let alone their enemies ( Russia) which used it for recruitment. Cambodia, Rwanda, Bosnia ended with wars/peacekeepers to topple the genocidal governments. That's a common misconception. Most of the world knew very well the Jews were getting murdered en masse and forcefully resettled ( many of them tried to escape and were refused asylum including in the US, and brought their stories). Some resistance movements also brought detailed information. In 1943, the Allies had all the grim details of Auschwitz with the Pilecki report, which was written by a man who voluntarily went undercover there and then escaped to tell the story. No, Hungary is in Central Europe, and has barely 10 million people, less than Romania at 20, Ukraine at 44. Russia and Poland are indeed in Eastern Europe ( Russia partially), and Poland is indeed one of the biggest countries (37 million) in that part of Europe, but still has less inhabitants than the Balkans or Ukraine which certainly lack traditional autocratic governments. I'm not sure i want to engage it shitty whataboutism, but here it goes: > Hell, even in the western countries, women are banned from wearing their burqas and facial veils. It's not about assimilation of a foreign culture, it's about an unacceptable practice part of a foreign culture. Similar to genital mutilation which is accepted in some cultures and religions, but really shouldn't be and that's why it's forbidden in some places. You can practice your culture all you want, but you can't show everyone that you treat women like shit because your holy book said so 2 millennia ago. > And then, speaking of concentration camps, then don’t you agree that the United States had their own concentration camps when they arrested all the Japanese and threw them into the American Concentration Camps? This was only 70 years ago, so it’s not very far back in American history. There are people as stupid as this? Yes, Japanese internment in the US is the US putting people in concentration camp based on racial profiling, and was terrible, and probably illegal. > This is very prevalent in the white countries, where white people scream out: “Why don’t you speak English, and learn our culture!” Yes, white=English, it's obvious how basic your argument is. > They do this by socially shaming the immigrants to adopt local names, and to not speak their own native language. > And in grade schools, the immigrants are mocked for being foreign. You can't generalise like this. I'm living in "white" ( i fucking hate using that term, it's useless ) France, and it's really not the case. > And furthermore, the United States and the other western countries, have their own techniques of genociding foreign culture. They do this through Hollywood, by casting Asian males as weirdly foreign, incompetent, and ignorant to the western ways. If this is not cultural genocide, per your own definition, then I don’t know what is. Yes, every western country does Hollywood. > A NATO tank division in Yangon, and a missile destroyer flotilla in the bay of Bengal Tanks aren't great in cities. Ubuntu comes with Wayland, and on the login screen you can switch to it ( at least it does on mine that's a 16.10 updated to 18.04 to 20.04, and i've never installed Wayland myself) > Vietnam? Algeria? Suez? Vietnam and Algeria were asynchronous battlefields, and nobody seems to be able to win those. ( Afghanistan, Iraq, Vietnam) Suez failed politically and internationally, and the French were forced to pull back because the British got forced by the US. Militarily it had a decent start before that. And all of those were more than 60 years ago, so hardly applicable today. Same here in France, 30 days on top of public holidays, and if you work more than 35 hours/week, you get the difference in a special type of time off that has some limitations GitLab CI, and i suppose Github, allow marking env variables as secrets, making them more complicated to show / exfiltrate. Re: Vault, you can read Vault secrets yourself via their JWT integration. Never? Counting laws is an exercise of futility. Content, not numbers should matter. If it takes a billion small laws to cover everything needed, so be it, who cares? They don't need to know, if an IP hosted there responds with illegal data, you can know which customer it is and ban them. env doesn't show secret/masked variables ;) you have to pass through echo and a file Plenty of metro and light metro systems use automatic operations to boot. Even high speed rail is highly automated ( due to the fact that there's little a human can do better when at 320km/h). G Suite or whatever it's called today isn't "enterprise apps"? And their GCP is still third in the running and bigger than Oracle's and IBM's clouds, so that's gotta count for something. They'd just outsource them to a legal firm In regards to GDPR, personally identifiable information is the main focus. > think I know the answer for some of the other options, but not Nomad -- how I'd get some of the features that CSI/CNI provide What do you mean, Nomad does both CSI and CNI, optionally. Nomad allows you to rely on the host OS'+task driver primitives for storage and networking ( e.g. mount a docker volume, use the docker bridge network, mount a host folder, get an IPv6 etc.) or pass through CSI and CNI for those things for mose complex scenarios. You should include car costs ( + gasoline, maintenance, insurance) vs walking/biking/public transit. And healthcare costs, and education costs, and social safety net ( meaning that you need less of a savings account to be able to avoid disaster ). I'm certain that a small town in Italy or Spain could come out cheaper. Crap, i also forgot time off, maternity/paternity leave, "sick days", etc. It's hard to put a price on 30 days of paid vacation per year. Very little. AWS is comprised of independent regions, each with at least three availability zones, each one comprised of at least a datacenter. AZs sometimes fail, and the impact is usually minimal. AWS services are usually at least redundant across 3 AZ, and properly deployed client architectures should be as well. So taking out a whole AZ will cost lots of money and lost capacity, but in terms of data loss and user-facing impact, it's probably minimal. Even multi-AZ is sufficient against "crazy people attacking a DC". They probably make more than minimum wage workers at (fast food|restaurants|cleaning|etc) ? So even if they're relatively poor compared to skilled software engineers ( which is usually even more skewed because skilled ones often work for rich foreign companies that can afford a much better salary and still come out cheaper than engineers in their original country), they're still better off than minimum wage, who are the real working poor ( note that in some countries and cities minimum wage can be sufficient and wouldn't put you in the poor category) And the German Army in WW2 heavily used meth ( pervitin iirc) to keep focused and going on for longer Your information is very outdated. Vault has integrated storage since multiple versions, and Nomad can very well use a single Consul cluster for both SD and K/V. ( And honestly i can't recall having two Consul clusters being recommended, and the proposal we had from Hashicorp included a Consul Enterprise cluster for Vault as part of Vault's pricing.) So, you need three clusters - Vault, Nomad and Consul for SD and KV for Nomad. Two of which, Consul and Nomad, can run on the same machines ( it'd be suboptimal security-wise to have Vault there too). > For example if you want to work for Google in Europe it's either UK or Switzerland, which are interestingly the two developed european countries outside of the EU Or Ireland, or France, or Belgium. Ah, sorry, didn't know things are that bad in Ukraine. I'm from Bulgaria so i can assure you my stereotypes are mixed and i don't think everything is like in the US or Western Europe. How's the new president doing? At first it seemed like a joke, but the little concrete things i've read about him post-election seemed OK. Care to share the math? Prevailing opinion in Western Europe is that smokers cost a lot of money to the state and taxpayers due to them usually not dying directly but struggling with illnesses for years, which cost money to treat. Yep. And "evil" is entirely subjective, one can easily say that Israel is evil for human rights and international law violations, and a similar argument can easily be made against the US, Turkey, UK, France, Saudi Arabia Iran as well. You have to start earlier than that. In the 1950s, Iran became a brutal dictatorship under their Shah ( who got there with an Allied-sponsored coup during WW2) via a CIA and MI6 sponsored coup against the democratically elected PM, who wanted to nationalise British oil interests to fund social programs and improve Iran. The Shah brutally supresed opposition, until one day it became too much and in the 1970s a revolution by a communist and Islamist coalition overthrew the old regime ( the islamists came up ahead and Iran became an Islamic Republic). The US has been against them from that moment on, and Iran has hated them for enabling the Shah, and continuing meddling ever since. ( Bar a small and very illegal episode known as the Iran-Contra affair, where the US sold weapons and spare parts to Iran in exchange for off-books cash, which was funneled into the terrorist Contras in Nicaragua, to circumvent US Congress restrictions on help to the latter) It's fascinating reading, i encourage you to look up the details yourself. > That airport train station is set up to transport the passengers from the airport to the city center, not inter-city travel. Which is why in France and other countries, train stations at airports have high speed rail service to other cities. It's the case at CDG( Paris), Lyon St Exupéry, Amsterdam Schiphol. That way you get there via plane, switch to high-speed rail, and get to your final destination. > The city is question is Toulouse. It’s just take too long from Paris. I Had to fly for this one. Since last year ( or the year before that) via the LGV to Bordeaux, Toulouse is at 4h and ~10minutes from Paris. > No. Sanctions work Do they? And at what human cost? Pages is for static hosting first, with some dynamism ( think an SPA or just a static site with 1-2 dynamic things). The focus is on the front-end. Heroku takes your backend application code, and runs it dynamically. Om top of these, many of the core services that AWS themselves rely on, like SQS, SNS, Kinesis, Lambda, Cloudfront, ECS, Fargate, Elastic Beanstalk are mostly homemade > Price gouging is the practice of using outsized leverage in a particular market to charge excessive prices. Like snow shovels doubling in price after a snow storm. Or $10 water bottles after a hurricane. > So for AWS the term is arguably correctly applied What outsized leverage have AWS had for a decade? There are multiple competitors at different levels, AWS are just better in terms of coverage/redundancy and amount of services. That Twitter thread is only including pure bandwidth. What about all the highly redundant networking equipment ( firewalls, routers, switches, Nitro offloading, DDoS protection, attack detection), software for all those abstractions you get ( VPCs, subnets, security groups, vpc peerings, Elastic IPs etc. ) and engineers? None of what i listed you pay for directly, and bandwidth seems to be the most reasonable product to lump it all in. It's like going to a restaurant and complaining about the price of steaks because beef should cost a lot less. There's a ton of other things involved, and yes, they probably have a decent margin, but not as much as you initially imply. > I think the reason the big 3 (AWS, Azure, GCP) still charge such huge amounts is that they profit so greatly from it, and there is more than enough business to go round Or that their networking does vastly more and is of better quality? Hetzner can't provide you with everything around a VPC that AWS do. Just a tiny example - peering VPCs across regions, which is free. > The official demo apps were slow and janky. (hmm, reminds me of Flutter. I don't think these guys will be much happier with Flutter, honestly The Flutter web demos are slow and janky on some devices and browsers due to depending on WASM, which isn't universally suppported yet. Mobile Flutter apps are sometimes slow ( e.g. the new Google Pay), but they have no obvious excuse to be ( UI in Flutter is really fast, 60fps all that). > Maybe we need less automatic moderation and more humans in the loop As if humans are never wrong or have no biases. Depends on the country, but mostly no, and thank fucking $deity. Credit score systems are an abomination that go against privacy and are used to entrap people into debt and keep not knowledgeable people poor. I find it ridiculous when Americans speak about the Chinese social score system - judging people on debt management and spend is marginally better than on communist-aligning speech. Especially when it's done by for-profit companies that have zero incentive to get anything right. In most EU countries when you want to take out a loan, the bank takes a look at your current status ( employment, expenses, family, etc.) and debt history stored by the central bank ( which is basically you had a loan of 10k for 5 years, don't own anything anymore) and judge based on that if you're credit worthy or not. > The question is, does the tax matter so much it's worth putting it on every price sticker Especially considering the fact that usually there are 2-3 rates tops, so one can easily remember that 5-10-20% of what they pay goes to the country coffers depending on the product being bought. No, it's okay to subscribe to something, stop using it and stop paying it. When your access is cutoff due to non-payment, what's the problem? Living in 2 i'm not sure 3 would have worked where i am ( France) to get to zero, especially considering Schengen and the fact that even if by some magic you get to zero cases, it can easily spillover by even a few people from neighboring countries or tourists. And i sincerely doubt it could have gotten to zero cases - every lockdown since the first one has been ignored by a non-negligeable amount of the population. That it doesn't work. Sweden had to go back on it, and in many countries trying to do (1) ended up with hospitals full - like France. Everything was done to avoid a third lockdown this spring, but hospitals are at 150% capacity and here we are again. Are you aware of some magic trick that negates that? > The WHO themselves were advising people NOT to wear a mask and that it might be even more dangerous to wear one than not to wear it months into the pandemic.. They also only revised this in June To protect yourself . The revised and current advice is to wear masks to protect the others and avoid propagating the virus. Why does everyone complaining about the masks thing miss that? And as others have already said, the lack of PPE across the world would have made recommending masks for everyone highly irresponsible. In Scandinavia it seems that the amount of cases with blood clots are higher than in the rest of the world. > The secret to not having hospitals overwhelmed is to have enough capacity in the first place Enough for what? Hospital capacity was wildly sufficient for regular times, but the pandemic turned that around. Even Germany, which has multiple times the capacity per capita than France, is struggling in that regard. What is "enough"? > but also to avoid superspreader events Lol. Events with more than 2000 people outside ( at the best of times, usually it has been flat out forbidden), and 6-100 inside have been forbidden in France since last year. That obviously didn't help. > Most other lockdown measures are questionable at best, including mandatory mask usage. They are clearly symbolic tools for the political class to signal that something is being done, but the data to support them is not very strong considering that there is not much of a control group. There is, check the US and Brazil. And Sweden has the worst infection and death rates per capita compared to all of Scandinavia: https://www.statista.com/statistics/1113834/cumulative-coron... https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/14034948209802... https://ourworldindata.org/coronavirus/country/sweden Which are incomparable due to a vast amount of variables ( culture, population density, population spread in housing, temperatures, weather, etc.) That was during the first lockdown. More recently, they're closer to capacity: https://www.dw.com/en/coronavirus-digest-germany-icu-capacit... > How do you know that it didn't help? We know from epidemiological studies that superspreader events were responsible for causing a surge of cases in a short amount of time. It didn't help in the sense that hospitals are overcapacity and new cases, hospitalisation and death rates were still exploding until the recent pseudo-lockdown. > If authorities were going to be lying about masks anyway, Who said they ( as if all authorities across the world are a singular entity) are lying about it? My claims are true, Sweden has significantly tightened restrictions. And to add insult to injury, their death rate is appalling, so their policy was indeed wrong on top of not working. When their policy is "let's avoid any restrictions and just ask people to stay away from each other", and then they add light ( compared to other countries) restrictions, how is that not "going back [on their initial policy]"? No other European country persisted with the "no restrictions" policy post-spring 2020. And i never said the Swedish hospital system was "full", just that their death toll compared to their neighbours was appalling, and said neighbors had to add restrictions on movement from Sweden. Of course they went back on their initial approach, same as the UK. If you say "no need to restrict anything, it will go away", your death toll is significantly hire than comparable countries, and then you enact restrictions, what is that? Yes, the situation and our knowledge of the virus and the pandemic is highly evolving and the UK took barely a few months before making a U-turn, while Sweden persisted for many months with their strategy, in spite of the death toll, and some research saying that the economic impact is still significant. v2 has types, and my IDE ( VS Code ) does hints > Consider that total installed capacity of renewables is by far China, electric cars are being driven by the USA, and the country in Europe that has done best at reducing carbon emissions and coal burning (taking coal to zero) is the UK. Germany's energiewende meanwhile has been a failure. The EU has no notable wins to its name in the environmental space. If you ignore the countries that didn't rely on coal in the first place, like France, Belgium or Austria just to name a few, all of which fare better in consumption of CO2 producing energy like oil, coal and gas. Cars are are much more of a thing in the USA than in the EU, so slower electrical vehicle rollout is completely normal. And even then, sales are exploding. > As for employment standards, that's a double edged sword; making it harder to hire people also locks young people out of the job market. Where do ambitious smart young people with no familial ties go to seek their fortune? Not Italy Yes, that is indeed a problem many are trying to tackle ( via reform, encouraging hiring, startups, etc.). I don't think scraping all employee protections to make it easier for young people to get a shitty job is worth it. > They also ignore GDPR (which would give me the right to have my data deleted Report them to your local ICO. That's not true, there's no such thing in France, only Banque de France storing your loan and account history that lenders can consult on top of actual circumstances ( employment, etc) to determine credit worthiness > The same person advocating most strongly for colonising Mars is, er, also responsible for bootstrapping solar, battery and EV technology, and having a good go at working on traffic congestion specifically to preserve the environment on Earth. Is he? To an extent, but he's also extremely anti-better solutions that didn't originate with one of his companies. He thinks that digging thousands of tunnels for a vehicle per person is better for congestion than digging a significantly smaller amount of tunnels for rapid mass transit, which would cost less and is drastically better for the planet than everybody rolling around in a car, even a Tesla car. Solar has been a steadily growing thing before Tesla was, so i'm not sure you can credit him with anything there. No need for Cloudflare, Vercel or Netlify already have CDNs. Another option is Cloudflare themselves, with Cloudflare Pages. There's also Firebase, and good old S3+Cloudfront. Vercel, Netlify and Cloudflare Pages are the same, just link a repo > . Docker doesn't have to create anything ‘from scratch’ to package for Debian, Ubuntu, etc.— it's already in Debian But the version is fixed per Debian release, which means that by its EOL it will be obsolete ( it's Docker, not a database, having the latest and greatest is a huge bonus). The whole point of custom repositories is to ship independently of the OS release cycle. > What is the legal mechanism for a unilateral world ban on use of a technology Might makes right, aka USA foreign policy since its inception. US sanctions are applied for everyone - e.g. if the US sanctions Iran, a French company does business in Iran, the US fines them heavily. And considering the US market is more lucrative than the Iranian one, most companies would prefer to have the US one. For a recent-ish example, check BNP Paribas. The US has no legal right to forbid a French company with a US branch to not do business with another country from another branch besides when they say so. The same way they say so for crimes against humanity, or invading other countries. So the US can absolutely ban cryptocurrencies on a global-ish scale. > mean, that sounds like more of a feature than a bug. You shouldn't know exactly what people are doing on your site (too invasive), but this approach gives you a rough idea of which requests are being made Why not? Why wouldn't you know what people are doing on your website, within limits? Which section is getting most visits, which is the slowest, how many elements people click on in your lists, etc etc can have immense value in deciding what to do with your site, what needs work, what doesn't work at all, etc. They really should That doesn't help if you use a loyalty card, which a lot of people do for the promos. And even if you pay via card/phone ( which is literally multiple times faster and less hassle), the payment processor and card issuer don't know the individual items. iDRACs aren't supposed to be public, and are on average far less sensitive than a bank account, so all in all, not that bad. And considering the quality of Dell software, it's actually better than most of their useless pieces of crapware. > You know "Whataboutism" isn't a magic word that lets you ignore an argument, right? If Twitter has extremist content (or death threats, or racism, or whatever) and isn't banned, then that is evidence that that's not the real reason for another app to have been banned Parler were banned for refusing to properly moderate ( while having no problem with moderating any content they disagreed with), not for having hateful content. When you report similar content on Twitter or Facebook, they usually do something. So yes, this is classic and very useless whataboutism. Don't you have anything meaningful to add to the conversation? > This doesn’t seem sufficient to me. Given that the US has the death penalty at all, how can we declare that it is not ok for people to call for it when they believe a crime has been committed Does the crime they believe was committed have the death penalty? If not, then calling for the death of the "criminal" is certainly not ok. ( And generally I find calling for death and the death penalty to be morally wrong, but that's another story) Only two teams can get in that way, and it's skewed towards successful clubs, not "big" ones. E.g. in 2020/2021 coefficients, Sevilla are at 10th, ahead of Arsenal (11), Chelsea ( 12), Tottenham ( 14), Inter Milan (26) or AC Milan ( 53), all of which would have had guaranteed places in the Super League. Ajax are 17th, for reference. So, all in all, not that bad to have 2 extra clubs that were successful recently. It could be Arsenal, it could be Sevilla or Ajax or Atalanta. Seriously, what is wrong with people? How can anyone look at the Guardian and Daily Fail, and conclude they are of the same quality. > My parents had no problem telling which of my teachers were actually teaching me things and which were just boring me to death in class Not all parents are that involved, and a kid being bored in class isn't necessarily the teacher's fault. You're going to have to do better than that. Please provide articles from The Guardian that were stating incorrect facts (not reporting allegations or personal opinions) that weren't recanted later when new evidence came to light. Edit to clarify: you're making a statement, you should be able to provide direct proof. Most sources claim the Guardian is mostly factually correct: https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/the-guardian/ ( which is American-centric, so ignore the bullshit liberal and conservative arguments) says they're mostly factual with the `Failed Fact Checks` section including opinion pieces and reporting as per X (e.g. https://fullfact.org/education/barnardos-foster-care-coronav... ) , and the fact check saying X's report is wrong, not that the Guardian are misrepresenting facts. https://www.adfontesmedia.com/the-guardian-bias-and-reliabil... says they're very reliable. > There is a very simple test to check if something is a good idea or not: > What would Hitler have done with it? That's a very simplistic test that falls flat on its face when you realise Hitler loved animals, was a vegetarian, and despised smoking and alcohol. By your test, animal cruelty and self-poisoning are fine because Hitler disproved of them? Why? Is there some document going into more detail ? Have you seen the screenshots or recent deepfakes? They are good. > That's further than the distance from Paris to Moscow. Which has, in regular times, a weekly service by the Russian railways. And it passes through Belarus, and ends in Russia, countries for which you need visas and aren't necessarily the friendliest. If that service makes sense, Chicago-Seattle certainly could ( as an experience, cheap travel, etc.) Scandinavian countries have similar cultures, population densities, climates, customs ( e.g. people don't kiss on the cheek when they meet, which is what French people used to do pre-pandemic). They're more comparable between themselves than with Spain, with an entirely different climate, people living much closer together, etc. New Zealand are isolated by water from everyone, lockdown is drastically easier in that case. I don't know what the f your problem is, but you're wrong. France is today, even past the worst of the current wave, still at more than 100% original capacity of ICU beds. (118% for France, 152% for the Ile de France region with Paris) Official sources and raw data: https://www.france24.com/en/europe/20210310-paris-hospitals-... https://bonjour.tousanticovid.gouv.fr/app.html#chiffres Are you going to shift the goalposts again and redefine to "Anglosphere first world countries"? Or are you going to admit you don't know what the hell you're talking about? "Covid zealots" is a peculiar term, i'll give that. Makes little sense of course, but nothing you say does. In France, even during the first and hardest lockdown, public transportation continued to run, just with a slightly less dense schedule. Why? Because essential people ( think medical personnel, grocery store workers, etc.) need to still be able to get around as per usual. You have never visited any of those places, have you? I don't know what "Covid zealot" is supposed to mean, but i think you need a reality check. Vastly depends on the country. In France, lots of efforts were made ( salary compensation so that people keep their jobs and get paid by the government, and companies aren't forced to fold; loans and loan guarantees for businesses; compensation for missed revenues for impacted companies; schools were kept open to give equal opportunities to children; moratorium on evictions; etc etc), with the president even saying multiple times "whatever it costs" ( the guy who was elected on a fiscal responsibility and reform platform ). And still people were left worse than before. It's really not easy, but governments really have to do their best. Everyone has their biases, but most are able to look over them in the face of facts. And the good thing about facts is that they're objective and indisputable. Moon landing ? Fact. Trump being US president? Fact. France winning the 2018 World Cup? Fact. So no, fact checkers do exist and are very important. From what i see, it doesn't, it only takes care of deployments, you need something cross-cluster in front for load balancing and another behind for data storage. The second link includes ICU numbers in the "rea" ( for reanimation, the French term for ICU). Pre-pandemic capacity is readily available online. ICUs in France had their capacity doubled over last summer, and since the beginning of the year everything elective has been postponed to make place for Covid patients. > What I mean by Covid zealot is people who believe things that aren't real about Covid based on poor critical thinking and/or poor understanding of the data or some other reason that I don't understand So denialists that still fail to grasp the gravity of the situation, like yourself? > In the US debit cards work completely differently than CCs. In the event of fraud, the debit card holder is technically responsible for any losses That seems very backward. And as you might suppose, really isn't the case in the EU. Fraud is fraud, and it might take time, but you'll get your money back. But if they do, a malicious actor can use that information to circumvent their restrictions, and its their walled garden, so they have very little incentive to tell everyone exactly what they don't like. > Independence is a big factor in the identity of people from Europe with many failed attempts to join into bigger states or falling apart with many people wanting even their regions of countries to split into separate countries right now. The EU changes nothing regarding that, on the contrary, by being European as well as of X nationality, it helps overcome traditional national rivalries. One of the main points in recent Catalonian and Scottish independence movements has been that due to the EU, the economic and legal impact will be minimal. > On the other hand, many people feel like their countries are constantly giving handouts to the less developed ones and feel like that money could have gone to them personally instead And they don't realise that the improvements in neighbouring countries concern them as well, by adding extra markets and expanding them ( a better developed Romania can buy more German-made washing machines, etc.). The cheap labor that moves is a positive contribution. Then there's the incalculable positive from EU sponsored and made possible programmes of cultural and educational exchanges. The worst thing about the EU is its lacking marketing. Most of the bureaucratic problems with it aren't really that far from the same thing in countries. Unless the developer decides to share on Twitter or HN or w/e, and now malicious actors know as well. > You will get it back, but it will take time, and in the meantime you may be suffering from all kinds of unpleasant effects of having a suddenly and unexpectedly empty checking account. That's what card limits are for. Even on my high-level Visa Premier card, the limit is 1k per day, and there are also per-transaction and per month limits. I can increase it via my bank's app if i plan on making a big purchase with the card, so IMHO it's a good solution for that problem. Then compare to China and Russia, both of which have better high-speed (in Russia's case, I'd say the same as the US - a single high-traffic corridor, but its faster than its American counterpart), slower intercity, regional, urban public transit. Both are bigger, with serious geographic challenges, and poorer than the US. Not only that, IIRC ( never went through it), France has a popular test format with multiple choice questions, QCM, which penalises you for mistakes ( as in points are actively deducted for every wrong answer instead of just not given), which is IMHO terrible because it encourages memorisation and zero thought. > Uber is engaged in making transportation more efficient in an environment where we have screwed ourselves Is it? There isn't anything efficient about an Uber. They might be easier than a taxi in some cases due to their app UX, but that's about it - they're very inefficient in ecological and congestion terms. via comments ! YAML is an abomination in itself ( spaces for logic?!), the last thing it needed was comments for extra logic. Indeed, it does, when done via something like go fmt . But in the case of YAML, a pedantic level of "proper spacing" is used for logic. 2 or 3 spaces shouldn't change the meaning and order of things And otherwise they'd get sued for hosting copyrighted content, which will result in hefty fines and jail( didn't the US want to get Kim Dotcom from NZ precisely for that?) Does the extent matter that much? Assuming YouTube did nothing to take down copyrighted content, is that better or worse compared to lying about taking down ? Why to Google? So the GP is wildly overblown? How is Google Analytics spyware? What private information about your computer is it sending? Browser, OS, screen size, location, ISP. Under GDPR, and the way i see things, none of that is PII. That's significantly less required in most EU countries due to the social safety net, affordable healthcare, public transit, etc. There are fewer types of financial emergencies to cover ( like your house's roof collapsing) and even if you lose your job you get unemployment for up to years while you find a new one. The advice i've heard for France is to have roughly 3 months, preferably in a liquid savings account which even has some interest (0.25% atm, so not much). > e.g. most of the EU's laughably low fines Which is why in new legislation, fines are proportional - GDPR has fines at max 4% of global yearly revenue or 100 million euros, whichever is higher. > Or youtube, although that makes a lot of money so probably not anytime soon Does it? Alphabet quarterly reports don't list YouTube revenues and expenses separately, and i imagine something like YouTube costs a shit load of money in storage and bandwidth. Yeah, they went as far as designing a custom chip for encoding. k3s is still drastically more complex, with a lot more moving parts. That and the fact the Germans had very little in terms of protection against chemical weapons, and if they started with them, everyone else would respond in kind. > To me curfews that dictate that you cannot go outside is not the european way. Is death the European way? In France, the curfew was implemented in order to avoid a more serious lockdown, and tightened when needed, only after hospital admission rates' progression were dangerously close to hospital capacity. Nobody wants to limit personal freedoms, but considering the alternative was to let hospitals overflow and people die waiting for care, was there really any actual choice? If temporary limits to personal freedom are the price to pay to not sacrifice your fellow co-citizens.. Who is still arguing against them? Are human lives less important than your right to go outside? And of course everything is temporary. It has real life economic costs, people don't like it, and there will be elections sooner or later. Even if a power tripping politician likes keeping the population under curfew, they won't last. > what do you think would have happened if the rioters captured every single congressperson? what if they were all killed? if you think the answer to either of those questions is "the rioters assume control of any part of the federal government" then im not sure we have anything to discuss. killing congress doesnt, like, make you the new congress. The question isn't what we think, it's what the rioters thought. Considering their chants, preparations and convictions, it's not entirely unreasonable to say they were hoping to make it so the guy they want remains in charge, regardless of election results. Whether or not that is legally possible or how it works isn't relevant to their goals, which is the main thing that matters to determine if it was a coup attempt or not. They thought it was, and that's that. PS: i'm not American, I don't have a horse in this race > Please see Myanmar for what a coup looks like; Coups can take a variety of forms and not all of them include armed forces taking physical control with threat of force. You can't compare countries like that. People live very differently in Sweden and India; the healthcare system is different, and so is climate, population density and distribution, customs ( e.g. in France people used to kiss on the cheek when meeting, including for the first time), etc. It would make more sense to compare similar countries, and Sweden is drastically worse than any its neighbours. Not only that, they changed course and added tougher restrictions than originally, so they themselves realised it doesn't work to fo nothing. Why do people still ignore that? But a decent part of congress' job is around laws ( writing or sponsoring them, arguing for/against them, etc.) it makes sense that lawyers are overrepresented. It's because people confuse Google's tracking of people to serve them better ads in order to get more money from advertisers and their product, Google Analytics, aimed at advertisers to see statistics about people visiting their sites, and the effectiveness of the Google Ad Network. Google Analytics, without the ad-related features enabled ( they aren't by default), is anonymous and only collects and stores generic data like http request, times, location, language, browser, OS, etc. Neither Google nor the Analytics user "track" or "spy" on the website user. With the extra ad features enabled, it's more complicated because it allows creating user groups and retargering via DoubleClick cookies, so it's a lot less acceptable from a privacy standpoint, since Google identify the site user ( with a pseudonymous identifier) for retargeting with ads later on another site. The advertiser still knows very little about the site user, and Google are just the intermediary. Google Analytics without the ad stuff is just a good, easy to use site analytics solution. It's easily blocked, but so are all the others in a similar vein. It bothers me a bit that I can't just block the ad part without the rest, because people who run websites need to know what happens with them (access.log is very cumbersome to parse, and lacks a lot of very useful information like screen size, time spent on page to know if it's just a misclick or a legitimate visit, etc.) https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/g... > It just means no more "tech" companies selling users out as ad targets. which just means that those tech companies will probably ( to keep up the same type of revenues, i doubt indiscriminate ads could be as profitable) have to make their products paid, which will automatically exclude the vast majority of the planet's inhabitants. Really? What i see on HN is on average pretty libertarian ( right-libertrarian, aka anarcho-capitalism) compared to most other platforms. Not everywhere, but that does seem to generally be the case, and when it isn't, it's pretty obvious - e.g. Turkey.