I'd agree with you, if we were talking about something that is even slightly complicated. But it's not. Searching with the old-school Google syntax is asking the question "what documents contain these words X Y Z?". It's not that hard, in fact very easy, to wrap your head around that. It's easier than looking up a phonenumber in the phonebook, or a business in the Yellow Pages. It's even easier than using the term index in the back of a book. While asking a question might be easier than that still, it also has disadvantages. It's impossible to ask an exact question on a very specific subject. Try it in real life. You'll find you need context, or at least a series of back and forth questions to arrive at the answer you want to have. If a search engine would implement the same method, any advantage from using questions over a conjunction of terms is negated. People would get tired of typing long question phrases, and unless the natural language processing of the search engine is absolutely perfect, they'd get pretty frustrated quickly because the search engine would interpret some of the questions wrongly. For simple queries like "where can i find a recipe for blueberry pie?" or "what is the capital of Denmark?", we already have seen search engines can do this pretty well. For anything more complicated, they fail sometimes, if not most of the time. It's not that hard for people to search "recipe blueberry pie" or "capital Denmark" as you think, either. People can get used to barking commands like this quite easily. Look at Star Trek ("earl grey, hot") or many other scifi series featuring a semi-intelligent computer. People almost expect it to communicate in terse phrases like that. The big advantage, also for the layman, is that a conjunctive term query will nearly always yield the result they were expecting, because it doesn't leave much room for ambiguity. And if it does, it's when query terms hit a range of documents that weren't intended, but still match, again I refer to scifi, as well as fantasy, it may be frustrating, but it's also somewhat endearing (putting the user in a position of superiority) in the sense of an intelligent robot taking a request too literally. Or a genie in a bottle. Or an ET alien. Or commander Data. Or whatever. On the other hand, if the computer interprets a full question in the wrong way, people get more annoyed, because the "too literal" explanation doesn't work here, after all, you typed a complete sentence, it should be obvious what you meant, right? So instead, people get the idea that the computer is simply not listening. And that makes it a lot harder to come up with a "better" question that would give them the answer they need. Now, of course, as soon as search engines are able to do perfect language processing, as well as guessing a whole lot of additional clues from whatever bits of context they can get, typing questions into a search engine might be the better and easiest way. But natural language processing isn't really going there any time soon. Just look at the search engines that try this, how well they are doing now compared to how well they were doing 5 years ago, and there's not much progress made. On the other hand, in the area of text-query processing, organising of data, cataloguing data, we have made tons and tons of progress. There's tagging, social network friends recommendation, and vastly superior methods of indexing large amounts of text documents for logical queries. > In search engines, it's more valuable for your users to not have to learn how your algorithm works in order to craft a search query that will satisfy their needs. Well, yes. But in this case it's not an algorithm. You just ask it for documents containing your search terms. It's about as straightforward as it gets. It's not computer programming, it's not even doing long divisions or whatever. You can't seriously assume that method of searching is going to completely stump anyone. > It's valuable to be able to use natural language to search. Maybe you're forgetting here that not the entire world speaks English. Unless your natural language search engine is able to understand nearly every language in the world, you're still forcing the users to formulate a query in English. And I'm willing to argue that for, say, your average middle-aged German, formulating a query in English is going to pose a much bigger problem than doing a conjunctive term search, as the latter carries transparently to most languages in the world. (not all of them--I should check which ones btw--but even in those cases it's not nearly as difficult to find a fix for that than it would be to somehow port your brilliant semantic context analysis engine to be able to speak yet another completely different language). Give it a couple of decades, maybe we'll have usable NLP then, but before that time, I am convinced that even for the layman, searching for documents to contain certain terms is a lot more straightforward, likely to yield desired results and in quite a few ways actually easier to use than what has to pass for NLP currently. > BitTorrent is to movies what "bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles" ummmmmm ... how does this analogy work? Bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles , a tool that facilitates and simplifies an activity. So the analogy goes, BitTorrent facilitates and simplifies movies . I think they left out a verb and meant to say " BitTorrent is to watching movies what bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles". I dig--if you're going to use an informal expression and risk being completely dated within half a decade, why not pre-empt the retro wave with WHY ELSE IS THIS GROOVY? > the time taken to compute the additional hash functions outweighs any gains in performance. Sounds like you're using the wrong hash functions. Are you using secure cryptographic hash functions perchance? (such as MD5, SHA, etc) Because they're not intended for use in data structures. Most data structure algorithms just require a hash function with good avalanche behaviour and a statistically even bit dispersion. The FNV hash will do this for you with just a MUL and a XOR per byte, which is (rough guess) at least 100 times faster than SHA. FNV hash ( http://www.isthe.com/chongo/tech/comp/fnv/ ) it's super-effective! I don't understand. What's the point of it? You need a laser to make it work, so what's the gin got to do with it? Aren't they just making a laser out of another laser, while having a beverage at the side? Is this article a joke or something, it's not April fools yet? If it's not a joke, it's one of the most meh articles on something that could potentially be interesting. The title is misleading--it's neither DIY nor a "How to". If it was really DIY, they would have had a couple of pictures of what the final set-up looks like. My guess is that they did not do it themselves. So the entire article is bullshit. They have nothing to say about the subject. Maybe it's possible to build a Gin-n-Tonic laser, I don't know anything about the subject, but this link fails to tell me anything, except how not to write an article about it. > You can choose to l33tify different combinations of letters in the password. passw0rd may be in the dictionary, but is p4ssword, or pa$$word? yes they are. well, actually, password cracking software (most used is Jack the Ripper) comes with a bunch of commandline tools that allow you to do substitutions and common variations to your password lists. generally, when trying to crack a specific target, you start with a few "seed" password lists (common passwords, but also lists of target-specific jargon), and then apply the transformation tools on those to expand your lists. say you'd want to crack accounts at an aviator forum, you'd include a list of airplane types and aviation jargon. then you'd apply the transformation tools, and you'll end up with boeing Boeing b0eing Bo3!ng, etc. check this guy's blog, he writes about how it's (usually) done: http://www.skullsecurity.org/blog/2010/the-ultimate-faceoff-... (analysis of leaked password lists) http://www.skullsecurity.org/blog/?s=ripper (describes Jack the Ripper in these articles) oooh, I especially like the cicada thing (aka multiple backgrounds with co-prime dimensions). Lots of interesting possibilities there. I have an idea, but I'm not sure if it would be a security risk. Let the user pick a username to go with the ID provider. When you fill in the username, it'll look up (AJAX) which provider was used and offer/highlight that one? The question is, is it a security risk if anyone can type in any username to find out which ID provider it is used with? Thanks for that link, it's exactly what I have been (not very actively) looking for (in the back of my mind) for quite a while now :) That data-retention law is for the entire European Union. 6 months is the EU minimum, but for some reason the Netherlands decided to require triple that. I bet some idiot politician thought it must be "extra secure" ... :-/ buggy as fuck in Opera. A friend of mine is in this list. And he didn't download anything. (I know for sure because he's a vocal proponent of copyrights) Beautiful! I especially love the bits near the end, where they apply it to oldskool Windows 3.1 icons :D Well, in the paper they do describe some heuristics for separating figure and ground. Additionally, a lot of old videogame machines have special built-in routines to place sprites over a background. So if you'd apply the vectorizing algorithm separately for the sprite drawing routine--by not just processing the entire screen after it's rendered, but doing the elements separately--you'd at least not run into the problem that lines from foreground sprites meld with background details. Great point. I noticed the same thing. First you get your Google Apps account, and then the passwords for the other accounts are mailed to there, then two weeks later you find that one of the systems has been replaced in favour of another one. Indeed tedious and error-prone. And that's just from the employee's point of view, the administrator having to create all these different accounts is probably even less happy about it. Asking "how people many have ever X or Y happen to them?" is downplaying the actual risk when obviously the risk has been increasing in the past year, half-year or so. Yes, if you look at the risk of a US government raid on servers, domains, or what-have-you in the past 5-10 years , you can fairly compare it to a meteor strike or a "freak incident". But things are changing, incidents and "collateral" are increasing, and if you look at just the past half year, you'll find it's gone from a meteor-strike level probability to a very small but definitely not dismissable chance. I just happened to wonder yesterday whether there actually was any scientific data on whether the golden ratio is actually significantly more pleasing than other ratios. Turns out there isn't much data, and of what there is, it doesn't always point at a significant preference for certain ratios. And even where it does, and then where it actually points near the golden ratio, it's inconclusive whether people prefer 1.5, 1.618 or 1.666. But yeah they do turn up in nature over and over again. The "aesthetically pleasing" bit is just something that's been repeated for centuries, swallowed without thinking. So if there actually were a preference, that sounds like a good explanation. Doesn't really mean it works the other way around, though. also see: http://plus.maths.org/content/os/issue22/features/golden/ind... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Busybox "You need to fill in an earlier year here, otherwise Google's computer will think you're too young to use GMail [and might throw away your email at some point]" It's important to be clear that you're lying to a computer system, not another human being. Because God is a crazy woman and his name is Eris. > if all you're doing is basic event handling and you know how the DOM works for other things, it really isn't much trouble to include this and a couple other small functions in a one-off, and is far preferable to including a hefty all-purpose DOM abstraction library like jQuery or MooTools. Why is that far preferable? So you can throw out all that extra code as soon as your events have to actually do something, and you decide you do need jQuery? :) To be honest, I do the same thing. It starts off as a small project one-off, and I think nah I don't have to include jQuery for something small if I just code these tiny DOM helper functions. And there hasn't been a single time, when after an hour or so of coding, I didn't wish I had started out using jQuery right away :) But sometimes then it's already too far, easier to just kludge along and finish the task than include jQuery and rewrite all the code so far to use it. So how's this preferable again? Well, reading the actual explanation page by the author of libupskirt, it's obvious she's not upset by being tricked into using that name, but she's upset because of the reactions of other people to that name. She's quite clear she "did know the sexual and voyeurism connotations of the word “upskirt”", but she was caught completely surprised by the shitstorm created by people that felt offended by it. So if you're looking for blame, blame the white knights on their high horses of political correctness, for giving somebody so much shit over what could have been just a childish joke [like there are many others, as pointed out ITT], that she just wanted to quit and have nothing to do with the entire shitbasket anymore. Just read it. Even after knowing exactly what it meant, her horror is at the reaction of the angry PC mob, that is making this word out to be much worse than the harmless innuendo she intended it to be. This woman is clearly intimidated, so much she's making blanket apologies left and right and just wants this to be over. But ask yourselves, who's she intimidated by? > Does conversion mean I sold something? Yes, in the context of cold-calling, that's exactly what it means. Generally, it means achieving your goal. And while in 100% of your phonecalls you are well on your way of getting to that goal, your goal is getting them to pay for your services, not allowing you to give them another sales-pitch (which is what you achieved). hee skrebbel! :D see this http://img846.imageshack.us/img846/7413/2008usincomedistribu... I had to massage a whole bunch of numbers from bls.gov to get this histogram (huge list of annual income per county per occupation group), it's not exactly the kind of data they like to publish :) Of course this is 2008, mostly before the recession. Would be interesting to see if they got new data and how it changed. And this is for all occupation groups, computer programmers are of course on the higher end of this graph. And yeah, depending on where you are in the US, things you'd expect to be cheap in the supermarkets here generally tend to be a bit more expensive. Also because they always list the prices excluding VAT [in most states]. If they list the prices correctly, or at all. And actually charge you the same amount at the checkout. Outside of supermarkets, prices seem reasonable, until you find you need to pay 15-20% in tips because waiting staff doesn't get minimum wage [in most states] and it's up to the customers to make sure they don't starve. So yeah, not very developed after all :-) [also: healthcare. unless you're rich you get none. half the people on the street walk around with visible ailments of some kind. but I'm getting OT] A bottle of coke, however, is much, much cheaper than over here. Also, bigger. groetjes - ritz "Look what they made me do" is such a pathetic excuse. > you have to give him props for admitting his weaknesses. Um, no. No props for simply admitting his weaknesses. Props are for succeeding in controlling them, and for having shown that one actually does more than just going "look at these weaknesses in me these students are triggering in me with their terrible behaviours". Props for just admitting weaknesses has a good chance of making people go complacent and "look, I'm just not good at XYZ and therefore I have to be an asshole", instead of working to improve. > If I were getting a 50% increase in my salary for detecting cheating so aggressively, next year I would have tried to detect cheating even when there is none. Wow. While a 50% salary increase is quite substantial, admitting that you'd hypothetically frame your students in order to get it is ... well it's definitely below cheating in my book. > If you can reliably A/B test properly encoded 160kbit mp3s you have exceptional hearing and you should lend your services to the lame tuning team ASAP. there's a difference between being able to reliably distinguish them for any kind of track, and occasionally noticing compression artifacts in certain parts of certain tracks. the first ability would indicate exceptional hearing and material for the Lame tuning team, while the latter probably means you're useless to that tuning team, but you will still get less enjoyment from lower bitrate streams, some of the time. I'll have to check those hydrogenaudio forums to see what "properly encoded" exactly means, btw. Because if, as you said above, encoders are just too good above 96kbps [for people to tell the difference], those must be some pretty sweet magic presets, cause I haven't been able to get that quality at such bitrates when encoding mp3s or ogg myself. It's not that I don't believe it btw, from what I've seen the hydrogenaudio people know what they're talking about. It's surprising though, that apparently some commandline switches can make such a world of difference. However, what is relevant to this discussion, is not how a 160kbps mp3 sounds when "properly encoded", but how a 160kbps ogg sounds when encoded the way Spotify does it [which may or may not be optimal]. And to determine whether people are making a big deal out of something they ultimately can or cannot hear, they don't need to be able to reliably A/B test everything, it's enough if they are able to notice the lower bitrate some of the time for some tracks, even a littlebit is already enough to get that itchy feeling you are not quite getting what you paid for, and that alone can put a big damper on your enjoyment of the entire stream (even the parts that sound just fine!). That would be the national park in Indonesia. The monkeys are obviously under-aged. http://timecube.com/ - high contrast? check. - giant letters? check. - readable? ummmm ... That said, it's a good suggestion, but the giant letters make this site hard to read on my 1024x600 netbook screen. And they did mention readability on smaller screens. > if everything was high contrast, everything would be SCREAMING AT YOU FOR ATTENTION Simply not true. There's many more factors besides contrast that determine attention focus. See this excellent series on gestalt principles of design: http://www.andyrutledge.com/gestalt-principles-1-figure-grou... (it's five parts you need to click to get to the other 4) Also see http://24ways.org/2007/typesetting-tables which shows a very nice way of adding structure to a table using contrast, instead of making everything scream for attention equally. (Additionally, the site used a different layout when this article was written in 2007, and currently it seems 24ways is a good example of low-contrast crappy readability :) ) The demographic "threat" Bawer and others constantly go on about is massively overhyped. Basically, every Muslim in Europe would have to have equal amounts of kids to those in Palestine and Yemen (two of the highest birthrates in the world) consistently for the next 50 years, while all of Europe would have to suffer the kind of demographic decline Russia has supposedly suffered (I doubt the official statistics, but you know the ones I mean) during the same period. It's a statistical impossibility, in other words. Except that he didn't do the killing to promote his manifesto (I thought that was a bit weird in Anonymous' statement), he did it to harm the Norwegian Labour Party. Quite successfully, unfortunately. Those kids in the camp, especially the older ones, were probably going to fill the ranks of the real Labour party later on in life, politicians of the future. Now their future intelligentsia is either dead or suffering PTSD. (also remember that Norway is rather thinly populated) That was his goal. To hurt the Labour party, and he hurt them bad. You realize this email discussion dates from 2003, right? > Why exactly is a vandalized apartment leaving her homeless? Is it too damaged to occupy? Does she simply not feel safe there? Yes and yes. I'm assuming you've never had your appartment broken into and ransacked. And reading EJ's story, it's somewhat worse than your average break-in-plus-digging-for-valuables. Same for the guy in this article, seems about just as bad. My initial thought was "sounds like the same people", but more likely the common denominator is "meth-crazed junkie binge". If there's one thing you can blame EJ is that her stories are a bit of the rambling-longwinded-trying-to-be-a-writer-please-get-to-the-point sort. But that's neither here nor there. What I don't quite understand is, I read that in order to prevent under-the-table deals (where AirBnB wont get commission), AirBnB won't let you communicate with the guest until just before they go there? Anyone got some details on that? Cause if that's so, they DO have some responsibility to make sure these people are trustworthy, preventing the subletter from finding out themselves. Maybe not legally, but definitely practically, ethically and not-being-a-bunch-of-dicks-ically. No. Even if she didn't "lawyer up", she wouldn't return to her home for feeling unsafe until everything is cleaned up and restored. Especially since she got friends and family to stay with. Especially since she's probably waiting to see how much AirBnB will reimburse her. And especially cause she's probably going to find a new place to live after all this and I wouldn't blame her. They defiled and shat on her home . Now if she did "lawyer up", and her lawyer advised her to do pretty much the same thing, then it's all the same, right? So what's your point? That she's exaggerating the condition she found her home in? Really? > She chose to be homeless. >Any rational person would have changed the locks and moved on by now. Wow. You're an idiot. Another person that has apparently never have their house broken into and ransacked. Add to that her home is in no state to live in. Add to that the restorations can't start until first the police were done, and second AirBnb has stated how much they will reimburse. Well, Troy provided pictures but probably EJ's nearly-identical story must be false. Right? Metal doors are not really useful if all the houses are made of wood. Seriously. I don't get it either, there was this fairytale about the big bad wolf, but I guess they must all think "hey at least it's better than straw", or something. It's a really strange experience. You don't notice until you see the first solid stone house after two weeks of flimsy wooden cottages, it's a feeling, solid. "Stands like a house" is a saying in Dutch, meaning "solid as a rock", except in the USA it wouldn't make much sense :) Why, when I was a young programmer we had to write the code in the snow with our pee, and a compiler was just a word for the pilot of the hovering dirigible that read the instructions and passed them to the ALU, which was another fellow with an abacus. They would wrap the results around a rock, and drop it on my house when the program would exit. We had to walk uphill... > I generally like the way Google does advertising (disclaimer: I work for Google). It doesn't get in your way (except in some cases on Youtube). > It pays for a lot of great services that are free to the end user (search, GMail) and Google clearly separates organic search results from paid promotion. Got any links/reports to back that up? Which ads pay for what parts of what great services? Cause it's a wonderful assumption, except the "great services" you quote hardly have any ads on them, but they are everywhere else, where they do (sort of, sometimes), get in your way. I'm just saying. Google's advertising profits are quite mysterious. And possibly rightly so, they are a company, after all, and it's probably in their best interest not to share that data. Except it refers statements about what great services their advertising crap exactly pays for to the realm of pure speculation. > Do you have any thoughts on using Crystal Light to make water taste less terrible? That's the zero calorie flavoured carbonized spring water, right? I'd guess it's definitely a step up from soda :) Artificial sweeteners may (or may not) be questionable, but my intuition (not research, sorry) says their health effects should be rather small in comparison to the huge effects of generally healthy eating and skipping sodas. Additionally, water tastes terrible depending on where you are. I found that places such as Turkey, Spain or New York are horrible cause the water is heavily chlorinated. Other places may not be chlorinated (rare) or just well below the taste threshold. In addition there can be many other factors that can give tap water an "off" flavour. I'm lucky that my tap water tastes great (can't tell a difference with bottled water--which I consequently only ever buy when I'm on the road and I need water, in a bottle :) ). One time when I was in the US though, somebody brought a decanter (?) with a built-in activated charcoal filter, and I was amazed, the previously slightly-off slightly-chlorinated tap water tasted great!! [additionally you keep the decanter in the fridge so it's chilled] In case you find just water too boring, squeeze a few drops of lemon or lime in it. Or even better--and this is absolutely great--crush a few fresh mint leaves in your decanter (or bottle), sooo subtle, but definitely no longer "just water". One thing, the other guy said beans, rice, pasta, potatoes, nuts, vegetables and dairy should be the staple of your food. That's correct, though I'd try to focus on the nuts vegetables and dairy, don't go overboard on the starches. And if possible, get whole-grain rice and whole-grain pasta. It does taste different, but it's a world of difference for your body, the "white" version is just simple starches that get converted to sugar very quickly (which is why athletes eat it), whereas the "whole" version is much slower, and the fibers are good for pooping. It's the difference between healthy food that probably still makes you gain some weight and food that doesn't. Additionally, I read that dairy isn't particularly healthy or unhealthy and that skimmed versus whole-fat hardly makes any difference whatsoever. So if you like it, go ahead. Oh except yoghurt. It's got those probiotic beasties in them, which is extra plus good for you. I suggest you try and find some nice 10%+ fat Greek yoghurt and try a few spoons just plain. The really fat stuff is actually pretty damn good. And I think somebody already mentioned it, but in terms of sugar content, 100% fruit juices are nearly just as bad as sodas. Real shame, that, I used to think they were healthy :) I still like a glass of OJ before breakfast though. No, tofu tastes like nothing unless you saturate it with marinade or something. Courgette actually has flavour. But just like white mushrooms, they'll be (nearly) flavourless chunks if you just throw them in a sauce and practically boil them instead of frying. You need to fry them, get them just slightly brown on the edges to get the flavour out. I had some off the BBQ yesterday and I was amazed how delicious they were. Cut them in long strips, bit of olive oil, and grill them. Season with a tiny bit of pepper and salt. Then, maybe your courgettes are flavourless, it can very well be. It's like that with tomatoes over here, and then I get to Italy and mmm These are three-dimensional slices made by varying certain parameters pertaining to the classic Z^2+C mandelbrot set. This is nothing new, except for varying the exponent, which indeed I had not seen before. Pretty pictures, though :) In the search for the "real" 3D mandelbrot, which recently lead to the discovery of the "Mandelbulb" fractal, the goal was to find a three-dimensional object with as much visual complexity as the classic Mandelbrot fractal, and which does not have mostly regions all stretched out like taffy. Especially the latter requirement is a problem with most "naive" representations of 3D Mandelbrot or Julia fractals. They're all stretched and skewed, and in some sense that's pretty, but it's a completely different type of "pretty" than the amazing spirals, flowerheads and branching lightning forks that are found in the classic 2D Mandelbrot and Julia sets. This is why people were so enthusiastic about the Mandelbulb fractal: Even though some regions of it were stretched and skewed like the previous attemps at 3D Mandelbrot fractals, there were also many, many regions that, for the first time actually did show three-dimensional romanesco broccoli flowers, organic spiral staircases and all sorts of amazing 3D visual complexity. And as described near the end of the (wonderful) essay on the Mandelbulb* it is not considered "the Real McCoy" 3D Mandelbrot set, not just because, as the author of this article implies, it is not mathematically elegant enough, but rather because the Mandelbulb still contains "smeared 'whipped cream' sections", and that the power-two version isn't as interesting (they mostly investigated the power-eight Mandelbulb). And also that (as far as anyone's found) it doesn't contain copies of itself, like the classic 2D Mandelbrot. So, the blog-article's author's implication that his is the "real" 3D Mandelbrot set, specifically referencing the Mandelbulb fractal, is just plain inaccurate. The sorts of structures he created, while again, pretty, are exactly the kinds of structures that the people that discovered the Mandelbulb fractal (and a whole bunch of other 3D fractals along the way) were trying to avoid . So it's definitely a step back, and frankly I was a littlebit disappointed when I got to the end of the article, finding he had really done nothing more than what I had been doing 14 years ago with FRACTINT and POV-ray. It took many days to render and the smeared chewing gum shapes were sorely disappointing :) What's wrong with the smeared whipped cream taffy structures? Well, for starters, the classic Mandelbrot and Julia sets don't have them at all . Second, the Mandelbrot set's iteration starts at Z=0+0i. This value is not arbitrarily just the origin, it's the point where the derivative of the formula is zero (or something like that, correct me if I'm wrong). The result of this is, for different kinds of polynomials or formula, you may need a different starting point than 0+0i in order to get the "correct" Mandelbrot set corresponding with the Julia sets of the same formula. Guess what structures such a Mandelbrot set often looks like if you picked the wrong starting point? It contains a lot of smeared stretched taffy-like regions. * http://www.skytopia.com/project/fractal/mandelbulb.html and in particular http://www.skytopia.com/project/fractal/2mandelbulb.html#epi... > I figured they weren't new, but couldn't find preexisting discussion of them. Is there a name for them? Not that I know of. Most of the 3D slices objects are Quaternion julia sets, which I suppose you already are familiar with. I used to explore fractals using the oldskool DOS program called FRACTINT, which had an extensive hypertext-like documentation system, maybe they have something: http://www.nahee.com/spanky/www/fractint/findex.html#search_... ... I think what comes quite close is what they call a "julibrot" type fractal, which consists of layered julia fractals: http://www.nahee.com/spanky/www/fractint/juliabrot_type.html It's not as pretty as your renderings, though. But remember the Fractint software is decades old :) Also see the other skytopia link below, where he explains his attempts at making a 3D Mandelbrot before the Mandelbulb was discovered, and why he considered those other 3D Mandelbrots not "the real thing". > I suppose the aesthetic shortcomings are what most people are concerned with, though some people, such as myself, were disappointed by how mathematically arbitrary it is. Yes, I can completely understand that. Personally, I care about both. I truly think that the shapes you get when making 3D slices of mandelbrot/julia parameter space are too warped, stretched and unrecognizable. I suppose the biggest problem I have with them is that the stacked taffy-like chewing gum structures actually obscure the familiar beauty of the spirals/coral/tree structures. They are still in there, but only if you know how to slice the object, from the outside it looks like a (very complex and beautiful in its own way) tangled mess. And that is the problem that I think the Mandelbulb solves beautifully. Even though the maths are sadly arbitrary. The sheer visual overkill of eyecandy does tip the scale for me, in the short term, but it doesn't mean we shouldn't keep looking for something that is mathematically more "right", and possibly even prettier. > The sad thing is that most people don't even understand the math behind the Mandel* sets enough to be able to care about such things. Well, you wouldn't be able to implement a Mandelbulb, or even come up with the formulas for it without a good solid understanding of complex math. In fact, the Mandelbulb formulae went slightly over my head [I could probably understand them if I took a bit more time, though]. > >So, the blog-article's author's implication that his is the "real" 3D Mandelbrot set, specifically referencing the Mandelbulb fractal, is just plain inaccurate. > Again, it would seem that this would depend on the metric you apply. Yeah sorry I think I wasn't quite clear. I got the idea that you were trying to improve on the Mandelbulb fractal. And the Mandelbulb fractal's formula was designed with the purpose of producing the same visual complexity in 3D as the classic Mandelbrot does in 2D. They already realized that just using Quaternions or stacking the parameters the way you have done, results in stretched-taffy objects that lack any of the visual beauty of the classic Mandelbrot. They felt that this couldn't be the "right" 3D representation of the Mandelbrot. As you can see, they already went there, and tried loads of variations: http://www.skytopia.com/project/fractal/mandelbrot.html So where I got confused is that you started out referencing the Mandelbulb project, and I assumed you had the same goals as them but did a better job at it. And as you can see from the above article, it's almost as if you retraced their steps backwards, than if you actually improved the Mandelbulb. I think that is a good addition. If I may make one more suggestion, is that you state at the start of your article, how your goal differs from that of the Mandelbulb project: that you seek for mathematical elegance, while the Mandelbulb project first and foremost went for finding a 3D visual equivalent of the classic Mandelbrot shapes. About skipping sections: the only bits that I skipped were the bits that I already knew :) I did love the visualisations of transformations in the complex plane, however. Very nicely done. I did not understand what you were trying to say with the animated GIF about branches being arbitrary. Obviously something about the complex square root having two solutions, but how that relates to the image with rotating colours isn't quite obvious to me. Also the part about the operations on sets isn't as clear as it could be. It's very intriguing though, yet another way of thinking of complex numbers that I didn't know yet :) I think it would become a bit clearer if you'd add axes to the image. Even better if you can also put angles (0, pi/2, pi, ..) in it. BTW one very cool way in which complex numbers were explained to me when I was 16, does explain something you gloss over a bit in the "complex analysis" section. Why is the imaginary axis perpendicular to the real axis? The way it was explained to me, is to think of the (real) number line, and how a multiplication by -1 is visually the same as a rotation by 180 degrees around the zero. Now what if you'd decide to rotate 90 degrees instead? Such a crazy idea! You'd get a second number line. Let's call a rotation of 90 degrees to multiply by i. So if we multiply 3 by i we get 3i, and if we multiply it again, it rotates 90 degrees further and we get -3. So that means 3 * i * i = -3 and i * i = -1, so i is the square root of minus one! Insanity! (the 16 year old me was giggling like a madman at this point) (so yeah the explanation I got kind of started the other way around, with the 90 degrees angle first, and only "discovering" that this implied the square root of minus one after that) Aha, here is where the skytopia guy explains what is wrong with the "whipped cream taffy structures": http://www.skytopia.com/project/fractal/mandelbrot.html --------- This type is based on fractals in 4 dimensions using Quaternion math. Despite the complex sounding theory though, we can see that the detail is effectively one or two-dimensional with the 3rd dimension being turned into a whipped cream smoothie. I have my doubts that the 4th dimension fares any better. Looks tasty though. (Note that these images are in fact based on the Julia set, which is closely related to the Mandelbrot). --------- I can get behind that, even though the chewing gum strings are bent and curved in 3D, the detail is smeared across one dimension, it's very similar across the curve and doesn't vary much. So in some sense, you can't "really" say that it's got 3D detail. That's a little bit strong IMO, because all the curves are at different angles from eachother, so they do form a kind of detailed fractal shape as a whole, but the awesome spirals and coral shapes are lost as mere ridges in the taffy strings. So it's not quite only aesthetics he's been looking for, but also a fractal that really does exhibit detail uniformly in all 3 dimensions. original author: you should really click around on skytopia's site more, turns out he even explored the exponent as the third axis like you did! (about halfway down http://www.skytopia.com/project/fractal/mandelbrot.html ) http://www.downforeveryoneorjustme.com/flickr.com I think it's just you. Stupid sensationalist headline. This guy's problem seems to be mostly that he can't help himself smearing his sensitive PI all over the Internet, everywhere he goes. And he's right, if that's your handicap, a password manager is probably the right crutch. Not saying a password manager isn't a very useful, convenient and most definitely secure tool otherwise, but wow . Doesn't he realize you don't need to give every website every little tidbit of information they ask you? Or that if they do require it, you're allowed to lie your tits off? And that you really don't need to re-use the same account over and over again if you buy at the same place? And finally, that if some business does require all this information about you, as well as requires it to be true and unique, you probably shouldn't just suck it and bend over, unless, possibly it's your bank and you really don't have choice? This is just bad personal information hygiene, yuck. > I stopped cold-turkey before and went a whole year before joining my new job and free soda was too big to pass up. Free soda at work?? Do they really not care about their employees health at all? Caffeine is one thing but having your employees guzzle HFCS throughout the day ... does the job come with a healthcare plan? That covers diabetes? :) This has been my experience with decaf as well. Really surprised me when I found out, too. (when someone told me I'd been drinking decaf for the past few days) > Scientists and naturalists have discovered the Fibonacci sequence appearing in many forms in nature, such as the shape of nautilus shells, the seeds of sunflowers, falcon flight patterns and galaxies flying through space. What's more mysterious is that the "divine" number equals your height divided by the height of your torso, and even weirder, the ratio of female bees to male bees in a typical hive! (Livio) Except that most of this is simply not true: http://www.lhup.edu/~dsimanek/pseudo/fibonacc.htm It's a very tasty popular myth that people like to repeat, that there's a magical sacred golden constant producing all the complexity in nature and more. Except that nobody actually bothers to measure anything, they just keep repeating and reposting the same images of spiral galaxies and nautilus shells. Nor is there anything "inherently beautiful" about the golden ratio, research into perceived aesthetics of ratios simply showed that people prefer fractions of small numbers. It's imprecise enough that you really can't say whether people like 1.5 (3/2) or 1.667 (5/3) or 1.618 (phi) best. The one thing where he is right, is the pattern in sunflower seeds. If you divide the 360 degrees of a circle in two parts so that their ratio is 1:1.618, and you use that angle (about 137.5 degrees) to rotate outwards as a spiral, put a big dot at every point, you'll get a pattern that looks pretty much exactly like sunflower seeds. The thing about this particular pattern is that the seeds end up being rather uniformly spaced over the plane, while using other angular ratios creates swirly patterns and waves of filled and empty regions. So I can imagine if you apply this to the rotation of tree branches, it'll result in a more uniformly distributed pattern, that will capture sunlight more efficiently than a pattern with holes in it. I kind of wonder, though, if it's not the other way around--because nature uses golden ratio angles in tree branches, the fibonacci numbers pop up. Because really it's super easy for fibonacci numbers to pop up anywhere, especially the small ones, what's significant , however, is when the golden ratio actually plays a meaningful role. oh some more things, re-reading that lovely "Fibonacci Flim Flam" essay I linked above, it turns out that: sunflower seeds actually turn out to grow that way because the organism tries to pack the seeds as close as possible. from this, if the close-packing manages to occur without disturbance, the golden ratio emerges--but if it is disturbed by anything (disease, damage, etc), the golden ratio becomes less accurate but the organism still continues packing the seeds as closely as possible. that is how you can tell that the organism "tries" to realize a close packing and just happens to produce the golden ratio and sometimes Fibonacci numbers as a byproduct: if the process would have been based on the golden ratio instead, a disturbance would cause a spiral out of control with many empty patches. finally, I almost forgot his (and nearly implied otherwise in my previous post), just the fact that the golden ratio occurs in a process or system does not mean that Fibonacci numbers are involved. there are many other number sequences of the same recurrence relationship as Fibonacci numbers that produce the same golden ratio. Lucas numbers, for example. However, the smaller ratios of those other sequences can be very different from the smaller ratios of the Fibonacci sequence (neither sequence approximates phi 0.618.. very closely for small numbers). Counting seeds in sunflowers shows that some of them follow the Lucas sequence instead of Fibonacci. But again, you don't see those in the design books! (or sometimes you do but nobody bothers to check) Explanation why this actually doesn't have a lot to do with Fibonacci from the other thread: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2903073 Additionally explains/shows that the Fibonacci sequence, or the golden ratio, both do NOT generally occur in nautilus shells, spiral galaxies, ancient design principles, body ratios nor are they perceived as significantly more aesthetically pleasing than other ratios of small numbers. Looks interesting--will read later, thanks! Listening to the podcast now, It's pretty good. There's strong indications that Stuxnet was built by a team of developers, though. Yes. Also the links to the game demos should be more prominent. I wanted to see what this engine could do, and I had to really look for it. google "screencast"--that's what you want to make. I hear it's real easy. that was very clear and concise, thanks! I'd be more convinced if he'd also registered domains with two, three and four bit-errors in them. Having gathered as much statistics as he did, they should show clearly half as much, resp. 1/4th and 1/8th as much hits. If that would indeed have been the case, he could say with very high confidence that his hits were indeed caused by bit-flip errors, and not by character errors or who knows what other unknown anomalies. So far, he's advocating to upgrade memory to prevent this vulnerability, but there's only a rough hypothesis that this might be caused by memory bitflip errors. And even then, between the client and the DNS-server, there's a lot of machines, the bitflip could occur anywhere, right? How can he say upgrading client memory will solve anything?? A good bunch of them, most certainly. Yes. I'd say at a price of $60, you should definitely double-check to make very sure the laptop isn't stolen, because there is a pretty good chance that it is. Given that the laptop was "messed up" and needed to be "fixed", even more so. Who "fixed" it btw? Not her, probably. I've had stuff of mine stolen often enough (bikes, mostly) that I don't really care whether the law would say I should have known or not, but morally, I just think it's disgusting to profit off theft of other people's property and I think it's just the right thing to do, to consider the possibility. That said, even though I'm of the opinion the women was definitely in the wrong and should have known better, the police also definitely crossed the line the way they handled those photographs. > The Consumentbond already tells people to expect warnings and ignore them, for they have not been hacked, but merely experience a temporary "browser issue". Reports of DigiD helpdesk telling people to ignore warnings, lower security settings or place the site in "trusted sites". Isn't that because Mozilla also blocked certs used by the Dutch gov (which DigiD uses I suppose), which aren't actually compromised? I read that in a new update they'll unblock the Dutch gov certs though. Still never a good idea to teach people to ignore warnings, especially not on a site like DigiD. I've been reading New Kind Of Science recently, intrigued by some of Wolfram's grandiose claims I ran some tests and it indeed turns out that the Rule 30 cellular automaton is a very high quality PRNG (as long as you pick the right bits). It's a very simple algorithm and very parallel too. It's just that my version picked one bit per generation (the middle one) and the period of the PRNG is determined by the size of the buffer, so it might be a bit memory intensive for a GPU, if you need several random bits per pixel. I couldn't find any patterns within the period, though. Also it might be possible to get more than one random bit per generation, though I expect the ones right next to eachother are probably too correlated. Formula's real simple, if the previous state and the two neighbours are labeled L,M and R, rule 30 boils down to the new state will be L xor (M and A). I don't seem to see his posts unless I enable "showdead". I didn't even know karma worked this way on HN. Quite ridiculous, IMHO, to completely hide someone if their karma runs too low. Especially if it can happen by unfortunate accident and ends up hiding a positive contributor completely from view--basically means the system is broken. ah, I was wondering about that. tip: it helps to rewrite the headline in the third person instead of the first, clears it right up. I suppose it was hurried along because the DigID service is crucial to managing many government services, social services and the gov student loan system and probably much more (not every citizen has to deal with the same subset of DigID-powered systems, so I don't know all of them myself either). Still not bad, for a government :-) You're conflating the Dutch Government and VASCO/Diginotar. Yeah I read the advice in this article years ago in a beginner's Go tutorial, something about "you just need one more point than the opponent to win". Lot of little zen-like lessons in learning that game, is why I love it. I don't see the problem? You just tell them your fee is more than that, and that's it. Basically, you either work for free (as a favour to friends or charity) or full charge. No in between. The power of "free" over "friend's fee" is that they know it's a favour so they can't feel entitled to anything--and if they still do, you may feel entitled to take a dump in their kitchen sink (free of charge). Netbook user, same here. I also agree about the never-ending scrolling, it's horrible. I usually think "oh I'll just finish reading this page and then I'll stop" and then without noticing it loads another page ... and another ... and then it turns really slow and urrgh. Definitely going to try the mobile version next time :) It'd be really nice, if the UI wasn't so slow due to all sorts of javascript and CSS bloat. Scrolling is really jerky too. Thing is, if you got a new/fast computer, you don't notice this, and then yeah, the new interface is just fine. Except that, for the functionality it provides, there's not really a good excuse for the page to be so slow. That's wonderful. What does your site do?? :-/ What a bunch of dicks. yes. this behaviour, I dunno when it exactly got as bad as this, is the first time in a decade that it really makes me switch away to different search engines, even for everyday queries. I used to just switch if I had a particularly hard search or needed some special feature I knew another SE would provide better. BTW I find that Yandex, the russian SE is also quite good. I don't know exactly what/how they did it, but it has a sort of smooth, quick, basic and simple "feel" similar to Google that makes me able to imagine myself really using it by default. It's not about "punishing", it's about incentive to get them to take their customer's privacy seriously. If they would actually protect their customer's data well, they wouldn't get sued for security breaches in the first place. While 100% security is impossible, they only need to secure their data so they can't get sued for neglecting to secure it enough . Yup. Same reason I don't do business with Nokia or Siemens (developing DPI Internet Filter technology for oppressive regimes in the Middle-East, which is slightly worse than this, IMO). Algorithmic censorship? I bet it's just the machines' way of getting back at us for CAPTCHAs. You can buy USB keyboards with just the numeric keypad. That sounds like what you want. (I assume that some models also include the ()-=+ keys for completeness) Ooooh! Cute overpriced retro vintage hipster bait! More power to you for selling these things for $500! Ha! You are, because "source" in "open source" refers to "source code", "open source code". It's not code that originates from a source that's "open" .. what does that even mean? It means the source code is open to the public. > There were a few cases you can find on Usenet of people saying "open source code", but that's not the same thing; "open" there modifies "code", rather than modifying "source". Ah, come on! You can't be serious. "Source" in "Open Source" is short for "source code", and no other meaning of the word "source". The history page you link doesn't state it explicitly, but they do mention "source code" a few times, in addition to mentioning no other meaning of the word "source", so I think it's pretty reasonably to assume that these OSI people, like many programmers, when speaking about "source" were using it as a short for "source code". Because really, a "source" (in the meaning of "origin") that is "open", what does that even mean? That things can flow from it? Sorry but you are also aware of the term "closed source" right? Except that, if nothing originates from it, it's no longer a source. Yet if you interpret it as "closed source code", it still makes sense. I don't really see how your link to the opensource.org/history proves your point, either. In fact it strengthens the other point as well. Sure it shows they decided to name their new licensing scheme "Open Source" (where it seems to me, "Source", from the context to be short for "Source Code") -- even though people had (naturally) already been using the term "open" for source code that is publically available. So you can make the point, that possibly, they were the first that shortened "open source code" to "open source" and using that as a brand, while at the same time hijacking the meaning to something much more strict (namely excluding of open non-commercial licenses). Well, there's that and there's using a USA-based VPN service. They could have picked any other totalitarian police state in the world, Russian, Chinese proxies, they all accept creditcard, and the FBI could have done fuck all to get the logs. Instead you know USA based companies are required to barf up the logs at the drop of a hat. It's not just lazy, it's really really dumb. You're allowed to (and should) black out your photograph and your social security number, they don't need those for ID. Only your government, your employer and a list of government-sanctioned organisations can require social security numbers for ID purposes. the rules for photo ID are even more strict. Additionally you should write in big letters over the scan "Request to access Facebook Data ", so that nobody else can use the scan of your ID-card for anything else. The rest of the data, Facebook already knows (name, date of birth) or is useless (passport/ID document number). Source: https://pim.bof.nl/gebruikers/geef-niet-meer-dan-nodig/ (Dutch) I dunno what your ID cards look like, but ours have intricate patterns all over them. Additionally there's a punctured-hole pattern that vaguely corresponds to the photograph, so that's unique for every ID. I can't really imagine how you'd want to reconstruct that, and even if you could I'd hardly call it trivial. Their defence doesn't hold much water. But then, I can't imagine any excuse that would satisfy me. They say “The onus is on us is to take all the data and scrub it,” said Arturo Bejar, a Facebook director of engineering. “What really matters is what we say as a company and back it up.”, except their track record on that matter isn't exactly stellar. We know they don't actually delete messages or things you delete on FB, they just mark them "deleted". With that attitude to "deleting" things, what does it even matter? And I don't care if they promise the data is not used for targeting ads, that is just one of the many ways this type of data can be abused. The argument they use it to prevent "spam and phishing attacks" also seems dubious to me. How does that work? And the cookie that's kept contains just your facebook ID, so wouldn't that be trivial for spammers and phishers to work around? And the most important thing is, they might act all innocent about it now , that they did it with the best intentions and not to continue tracking people after they log out. Let's believe that and lets assume this behaviour doesn't involve any other privacy implications: Facebook is by now well known for their feature-creep, if we hadn't caught them red-handed now, what's to say they wouldn't be using this data in a few months from now? Sorry but it's all bullshit. Facebook doesn't care one bit about their user's privacy, they've made that perfectly clear by now, and them pretending to do otherwise in this article is absolutely laughable. the difference is, that's not linked to your FB accounts and friends network / social graph. not that third-party cookies aren't a big privacy issue, but this goes one step further. a good example, when working with the Jinja2 templating language, when you want to declare your own modifier, a function that's called within the templating language like {bit of text|awesomify}, you'd just need to write a function with a decorator on it, like @jinja2_modifier def awesomify(s): return "%s is awesome" % s (except it wasn't "jinja2_modifier", look it up in the docs) I'm assuming the blog the kid used the plugin on had all sorts of info and links to his Twitter account, etc. They left in his real name in one of the screenshots BTW. IMO it's quite an entertaining SocEng attack. And he just wanted to get the latest version of a commercial WP plugin! hahaha! I was kind of expecting something more malicious: I thought either the source file he requested contained login credentials or other sensitive info, or he was going to send back a "patched" version with a backdoor in it. Odd, how he went through all that trouble. Anyone know what the plugin does BTW? I haven't looked, is it that good? :) I don't want people to forget how they helped out Egypt and Iran finding more people to torture: http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-08-22/torture-in-bahrain-... I can't imagine why I would ever spend a penny on anything made by Nokia or Siemens, again. Cuter, smarter and nicer girls to be found in the library, is my experience. > well, i would guess that the monitoring s/w etc. that was mentioned in the article, was part of the various gateway nodes that make up the entire 2g/3g/4g network. 3gpp has standardized on well defined interfaces for "lawful interception". Did you even read the article? This Nokia-Siemens joint venture built was not specifically targeted at wireless. You make it sound as if Iran and Egypt just bought a certain model of wireless routers or switches that Nokia-Siemens happened to offer on the international market. No , the Nokia-Siemens joint venture was specifically created as a bid for the custom monitoring technology Iran needed. They probably re-used some of that knowledge when Egypt needed a similar system, later. This is not just a question of Iran ordering some pieces of hardware equipment that the way they installed it just happened to help them find more "dissidents" to torture. Nokia-Siemens designed, developed and built the infrastructure , it entails a littlebit more. They knew from the start exactly what this system they were building in Iran was going to be used for, they designed it and sent over their expertise to lay the f#ing cables and configure the routers and switches so that it did what Iran ordered it to do. No, I wouldn't blame some corporation for selling hardware/equipment that happens to be used for tracking down people to torture. Yes , I do blame a corporation when they bid to a specific order that really doesn't leave any doubt as to what the system is going to be directly used for, proceed to design it (again with the "requirements" crystal clear), develop, build and deploy it on the spot. I noticed the same thing. Well, I always took it for granted until I started using Linux and noticed it doesn't have to be. that's LSD. if it's shrooms, you can tell whether something looks like mushrooms right? that means there's three options: 1) it'll kill you 2) it'll do nothing or make you nauseous 3) it's the real thing nobody's gonna sell you poisonous mushrooms or they'll be in big trouble and be out of clientele really fast. shrooms that look like proper shrooms but do nothing, I don't know if they even exist. in both (unlikely) cases, it's not harder or more expensive to obtain mushrooms that actually do what they're supposed to do, than to get poisonous or ineffective ones, so what would be the incentive to do that?? shrooms is shrooms. they're not even that hard to tell apart, if you got a book with pictures. it's a whole different thing if you got a blotter (LSD) with a drop of god-knows-what impregnated on it. then you need to be careful and really know who you're buying from. I don't think you'd got much to worry about. Does Google Search By Image not work in Opera or something? The whole drawing part seems to work just fine, it then redirects me to Google where it's supposed to do Search By Image but I just get the Google Front page? I find the same thing with Django, btw. Once a project grows beyond a (slightly less) trivial app, that is, at some point your project is going to want to do something difficult and/or unique, you wander outside of the wonderful things that Django provides, and you find yourself needing to build or seek out complex functionality by hand again, and sometimes having Django work against you. At least, that's my experience. So next time, for a not-too-large scale project, I will indeed try a more barebones framework such as Flask, to see if it matters much. Django does get you off to a running start, but as soon as you want something it can't do, you find yourself clawing through its entrails again. If it's so DANGEROUS why isn't there some kind of active display filter available to dampen temporal frequencies between 2 and 55Hz? That, and--though it wouldn't have helped in this case--the most I heard about epilepsy complaints is on forums with flashy animated GIF images. Why do they browse with GIF animation enabled? Really, if it's such a health hazard, and images posted on a forum can give you dangerous seizures, why would you take a risk and trust on the goodwill of the community and take your chances with the occasional troll? I don't want to dismiss the problem, not at all, I just wonder about the victim mentality displayed and lack of proactiveness. Especially the display filter. If it's an actual health hazard, you shouldn't be asking people not to show flashing imagery on their sites, you should be taking action yourself, making sure your computer display is unable to display this imagery. Any kind of modern 3D GFX card should easily be able to detect flashing areas and dampen and/or motion blur them so they're safe, without much processing power needed. You'll be erring on the side of caution of course, so some video content might be degraded (though with a well-designed filter this should be minimal) so you'll want a key-combo to (at your own risk) temporarily disable the filter (with a parental lock for the children, of course). The comma operator is a bad idea in most cases, but his idea of using it to unobtrusively insert a `console.log` debug statement inside an expression, is pretty clever and might actually be a sort of valid use for this language feature. Also the way it allows one to formulate a `do { .. } while ( .. )` construction, is a nice and clever trick, but already violating the principle of least astonishment too much. What? Pretty sure they don't support Obama :-/ And the ones that still do aren't disillusioned enough yet. It's incredibly tiresome in a group, when you can't even bring up a random side thought without people going crazy about it. Especially once you start to notice they don't quite mean it but just like "being part" of the conversation by drowning it out in praises, to hear their own voice, which is natural, and all very sweet and positive, but it's not very constructive. It might seem motivating at first, the praise to urge the other guy to continue like that, but at some point it becomes laziness, because you're not adding anything to the conversation or thinking for yourself, just going "yeah yeah great awesome!" and you're not being useful at all, anymore. It's kind of a bit like what Douglas Adams said, "if their mouths stop moving, their brains might start working". > If you run this through closure-compiler it's reduced to 2000 lines > which is nothing next to Underscore, jQuery, Dojo, etc. jQuery is 9000 lines, uncompressed with all the comments. I call that about the same order of magnitude as the things you mention, hardly "next to nothing". Additionally, just about every line in jQuery is actually useful for something, even the optimized code seems to mostly consist of a whole load of getters and setters and definitions of what addition and multiplication does. > I haven't looked into the language yet and unless you haven't either let's all refrain from judgements based on this silly metric alone. Lines of code stops being a "silly metric" when the numbers get really big, as they do here. > Don't get me started on the whining about math performance. Reminds me of dinosaurs whining about how assembly is better than C is better than Java is better than.... There is more to software development than math. Surely you didn't mean "There is more to software development than performance ." :-) Easy to pick off "math". But is this stuff not supposed to run in a browser? I'll reconsider when I see a simple application running smoothly on a cheap 3 year old desktop PC. No, a Hello World program that compiles to 170kloc is what is ridiculous. That you can optimize it to 2kloc is nice, but it's still just a Hello World program. And a more serious program, how big would that be? Wow. What I'm seeing so far is the people critical being entirely reasonable (if perhaps misinformed), and the people defending Dart being positively hostile about it, calling "circle-jerk" left and right. This post takes the cake in hostility, so far, though. And what's it need defending for? Some people try to discuss the merits and flaws in a reasoned manner. The childish behaviour you speak of is entirely yours. > Circle jerks and knee-jerk reactions are for Reddit, not HN. > Don't get me started on the whining What is it with all the hostility from the people defending Dart? How about you display some of this expected HN behaviour yourself? If it's 2kloc for dead code eliminated "Hello World", how much would be left of that to eliminate when you actually write a program that does something? Because I'm assuming once your program starts doing more complex things it'll actually need the rest of those 170kloc and be able to eliminate a lot less, right? While if you make a complex program that uses basic jQuery, jQuery stays the same size. This is not going to be your century :-D The ISP Sonic fought against having to hand over the data and lost. Both Sonic and Google fought over the right to inform Mr. Appelbaum of the request for his data and won (afaik). The article says it is not known whether Google fought against having to hand over the data, like the ISP Sonic did. Which makes me assume the writers asked Google, they didn't answer, neither did they issue a press report one way or the other. Which leads me to believe that, no, Google did not fight the actual request and unlike the small ISP Sonic did just comply in order to make their lives easier. Of course it's just speculation but why else would we know about the other case Google did fight in this matter? Additionally, why would Google go through that trouble, they have no interest either way, and are not in the business of protecting their users from surveillance state governments. Apparently. Interesting point. It's not unlikely that played a role in their decision not to fight it (too much). That's basically the same excuse scientific journals put up. Well, since this is a site people have a need for, look for and use, that must mean the process involving your "quality guidelines" is wrong, isn't it? However, you seem to imply there's something wrong with the site. Let me ask you a question, who decides whether a site is "right" or not? Google or the people that use the web? What was the original purpose of PageRank? You can make excuses all you want, but fact of the matter is that Google's Search Results quality has been plummeting over the past couple of months and it all stems from Google pretending to better know what people want than the people themselves. Good luck with your website. Why would he "fix" anything, it was your mistake and it's your Search Results that are becoming less and less useful as a consequence. I just have to re-quote the best (IMO) comment below that article here (it's not mine): ---- Blake October 12, 2011 at 6:14 pm Next thing you know, you find yourself spending more time with Siri. She understands you. She can practically predict what you’re going to do. While Siri does nag you, she only does so in ways that you request. What started out as a few commands here and there turn into long conversations over candlelight. Soon, you find yourself avoiding your wife to be able to spend more time with Siri. After all, Siri doesn’t ask for much and is always eager to listen to whatever you have to say. Unfortunately you didn’t have the foresight to see that Siri is a harsh mistress. Soon, the iPhone 5 will be released and with it will come a better version. Siri 2.0 will start wooing you with her helpful ways and ask you to leave the old Siri behind. But by then it will have been too late. Siri knows the intimate details of your every life. She’s been listening into all your conversations, reading all your emails. And she never forgets. Yes, but because of the non-story PvP gameplay. Yes there is a story in it, but that's not the part where it pushes boundaries. This is superb. Exactly the quick-n-dirty sort of intro to C++ I have been looking for for years , it seems. Kudos! What a delightful story! I feel bad for the commenters that feel they need to step on it, just because it's a bit heavy on the "noble savage" meme here and there. A culture very different from ours is always like a mirror. And it's much more virtuous to describe the difference in terms of what is good, than how we are better. That doesn't mean you'd immediately want to switch places with them. "If you like X so much, why don't you go live there?" is the reaction of a small-minded person that feels threatened just because something very different and alien to them is described as "also very beautiful". I even see this reaction happening between two different Western cultures. And yes, "we" also got quite a few really good things compared to them. More than just feathered arrows, even :-) Yup. I'll check the PDF, thanks. Also see: http://www.lhup.edu/~dsimanek/pseudo/fibonacc.htm http://plus.maths.org/content/os/issue22/features/golden/ind... People do seem to like ratios of small integers, though. Which is why the supposed aesthetic elegance of 1.618 ((1+sqrt(5))/2) is most probably within statistical significance of 1.5 (3/2) or 1.666 (5/3), it's impossible to test whether people don't just enjoy ratios of small integers instead of the irrational number Phi. As nobody ever checks and bothers to measure these things: - the ratio of the bounding rectangle is indeed between about 1.60 and 1.64 depending on how you fudge the pixels. but only for the inner cloud shape, including the embossed highlights, not for any of the other four possible measuring points. - the ratio of the two small circles might be 76:47 if you again fudge the pixels just right, but then it's 1.617, so that's really close. - the ratio of the two larger circles on the right is way off. 106:71 is a ratio of 1.49 and that's not going to come anywhere near the golden ratio no matter how much you fudge it. Hey if anyone got a much higher resolution version of this icon I could measure the ratios to within some precision, that might be nice. Additionally the ratio between the biggest and the smallest circle is almost exactly 4:9. I bet that's really significant too. Because 9 - 4 = 5, and as the great Malaclypse the Younger already stated in his magnum opus Principia Discordia : "All things happen in fives, or are divisible by or are multiples of five, or are somehow directly or indirectly appropriate to 5. The Law of Fives is never wrong." Quantum Eris Demonstrantum One more addition, this is where the blogger is mistaken: Funny thing about the Golden Ratio, if you look for it, you'll find it everywhere. He meant to say "five", not the golden ratio. 1.666 = 2/3 and 2+3=5. Because as Omar Khayyam Ravenhurst said to Malaclypse, "I find the Law of Fives to be more and more manifest the harder I look." Well, this kind of puts a new spin on the saying "any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"! You can even put 2GB on a SD card that you keep at home. As long as you keep the backup in a different location as the original. Or use an external HD, which are a bit faster and also bigger. Though SD cards are nearly indestructible, you can drop em or drive your car over them, the one in my camera even survived my house burning down, so yeah. Well the point is, he said they DID make backups, so they did set it up and made time for it. It's just that making backups is kind of useless if you don't store them in a separate physical location. For just about every scenario in which you'd conceivably need a backup, except for "oops I accidentally did `rm / -rf`", they might as well have backed it up to `/dev/null` and save themselves some diskspace. That said, I know how much this sucks (actually not because I've always made proper backups, but let's say I can imagine ), I'm saying this more as a warning to everybody else who might be reading this, not to bash them over their heads about their mistake. They got burgled, FFS, I feel for those poor fellows, that really sucks. No it was actually an honest mistake and I wasn't thinking at all. But let's say that's what I meant. Um, I dunno. Did you read his apology too? Did you ever have your house burgled? It can be quite a lot more upsetting and emotional than just "losing some valuable stuff". It's a violation of your personal living space, some unknown person touched, threw and wrecked your stuff: "had my bedroom violated and invaded and will have to move as I can’t face sleeping in that room any more ". So yes, IMO, that's one of the few perfectly good justifications for getting shitfaced and lashing out at everyone being a cunt because the last thing you want to hear is all the really obvious hindsight "advice" from half the Internet that should bloody mind their own business and that is perfectly fine and acceptable with me. I hope he got it all out of his system. In a nutshell: Corruption and fraud in the banking system causing global economy collapse, the vast disparity in wealth, rampant corruption in politics and big corporations buying politicians with money, not democratic votes. For concrete ideas, Matt Taibbi as usual really knows what he's talking about: http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/my-advice-to-the-o... However, it's important to remember that coming up with good solutions as well as figuring out what it really is the people want is really the job of the politicians. And just because they're failing miserably at that job, doesn't mean the general population suddenly has to know all the answers. I think the general message of discontent is very clear. the fibonacci sequence is a side effect of these patterns, not the other way around. if they get disturbed, as they very often do in nature, they no longer follow the fibonacci sequence. the angles between branches on a tree do often tend to the golden ratio (137.5 degrees) and will continue to do so after a disturbance. fact of the matter is that only the perfect, flawless examples follow a fibonacci sequence. Awwww those 149 karma points could've been mine. I posted this link yesterday in the iCloud icon thread. Oh well, it's good the get this info out there nonetheless. And it's not like I wrote the article or something, anyway. First of, Phi is the limit ratio of many sequences, not just the Fibonacci sequence. Now I don't quite follow your rectangle example, but this is the process of how and why Phi occurs in nature: http://www.wolframscience.com/nksonline/page-410 This is the mechanism for pinecones, sunflower seeds and tree branches. As far as I'm aware, this mechanism is the only place in nature where Phi, or rather the angular ratio 137.5 : 222.5 degrees, occurs. If you know of a significantly different mechanism in nature where Phi occurs, I'd love to hear about it. Please note that the Fibonacci sequence (as well as other less apparent sequences) are a side effect of this angular ratio, if the specimen develops flawlessly. Yet even if the specimen has flaws (due to external factors), it will still grow and tend to return towards the 137.5:222.5 angular ratio, even though it will never return to following the Fibonacci sequence numbers. Except that if you look at what processes in nature really arrive at Phi, they are not that disparate at all. Which is why it's important to point out that Phi does not occur in the spiral of a nautilus shell or a galaxy or in fact any spiral. But it does occur in a very specific type of growth mechanism, in the form of an angular ratio of 137.5:222.5 degrees. And only there. Which makes Phi just about as equally amazing as the exponential function, squares of integers, triangular numbers, limited growth sigmoid function, the Feigenbaum constant, spheres, circles, symmetry, lines or just about anything else where something in Mathematics explains a tiny part of nature ;-) So he shredded and did not reclaim $1500 in expenses because it would took an hour of his time to do so? (assuming it would take as much as it would "Heather") Am I understanding this correct? He threw away $1500 because he couldn't be bothered to turn in the receipts? Am I the only one that can't quite bring up a lot of sympathy for such a situation? "The tyranny" ... come on . Not if you're in a position to "make the rational decision" to throw away $1500. Okay, but to be completely honest I was blown away by the video demonstration, so it did deliver on the promise ;-) Doesn't work in Opera? Doesn't support Opera :-( I don't understand why, it supports all the standards, so this must be non standard coding ..? > The real backing that a US dollar has is not its gold. It is the fact that the US government has declared itself obligated to accept tax payments in terms of US dollars, and it will not accept anything else. So, how about if someone would get a farm of computers mining bitcoins, at a rate where the bitcoins pay for the electricity etc, but then they also rent out this computing power for anyone to use for whatever purpose (like Amazon), but for this accept payment only in bitcoins, being the exact amount of bitcoin that would have been mined otherwise with the computing power rented out. Would that work? Then you back it with something else of value, namely computing power, but you only accept bitcoin as payment. Just a thought, though. The whole article is a bit heavy on the keyword stuffing, isn't it? I hate that, personally. I don't always have to agree with whoever downvoted, or sometimes I'm just curious about what it said. Especially the lowest contrast, after several downvotes, that's just stupid, because it's pretty much unreadable unless you select the text. So you know there's text, but you can't really read it, then why show it at all? It's not entirely clear to me whether this tool transloads the video straight from YouTube to DropBox, or whether it travels (even temporarily) through your machine to do so? I fear it's the latter, and that would basically mean you're using your bandwidth twice. Can DropBox transload files from arbitrary URLs? Because then it should totally be possible. This was also discussed in this blog post, shortly after his death: http://www.skepticblog.org/2011/10/06/steve-jobs-succumbs-to... Actually, rainbow tables don't really matter anymore. With the new GPU password bruteforcing techniques, it is easier and faster to just rent more Amazon EC2 machines. They're that fast. Yes it's more expensive than rainbow tables (which are practically free), but not prohibitively so. Especially not for a criminal org bent on cc fraud, anyway. > Ionizing radiation is the main cancer culprit and you can be sure the sun emits far more such radiation - mainly in the form of UV rays - than your cell phone. Which is at frequency levels below visible - mainly microwaves I think. I thought you were mixing them up at first, but re-reading you did get it right. To clarify, in case anyone else got confused too: UV is just above the visible spectrum in frequency. Microwaves are below infrared, below visible. (from Wikipedia) "Radiation on the short-wavelength [high frequency] end of the electromagnetic spectrum—high-frequency ultraviolet, X-rays, and gamma rays—is ionizing, due to its composition of high-energy photons. Lower-energy radiation, such as visible light, infrared, microwaves, and radio waves, are not ionizing. The latter types of low-energy non-ionizing radiation may damage molecules, but the effect is generally indistinguishable from the effects of simple heating." See here the EM spectrum for reference: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:EM_Spectrum_Properties_edi... > one can't rule out cancer effects at other, non-ionizong frequencies through unknown mechanisms Well, you can. That's the whole point. You pose the hypothesis "unknown mechanisms in non-ionizing radiation cause cancer". Then you do the research, and then when you don't find the cancer effects, you rule out these "unknown mechanisms". That's science. > There's also effects of the heat given off by the phone heating your head, but I ignore that. And so does everybody else, because heat doesn't cause cancer. Additionally, the phone heats your head? Citation? And not just "well it's microwaves so it probably heats things around it by some billion-thousandth of a degree", but an actual citation of mobile phone radiation heating your head, preferably in a manner that is still somewhat significant when compared to the tiny temperature fluctuations caused by natural cell processes (as, you know, if a mitochondria generates more heat than a nearby phone, the point is probably moot, no?). But the quotes don't really work any more, since ages. Not right, anyway. See I search for `"death coffee"` and I get this: 1st hit: Coffee Drinkers Have Slightly Lower Death Rates, Study Finds 2nd hit: Stieg Larsson's Death: Coffee Or Conspiracy? The first one doesn't even have the phrase "death coffee" in the page! And in the second one it's split up with a colon in between (technically correct, but not a single phrase). And only after that, come the expected results, where "death" is a modifier of "coffee" (coffee was so strong we called it "death coffee"), which is what you'd expect when you put a phrase in quotes, no? Results I'm sure the old Google of a few years back would have presented me as first hits, too. Addition, reading a bit further down this discussion, someone mentioned the `allintext:` operator. This works, it actually returns only pages with the phrase "death coffee": https://www.google.com/search?q=allintext:%22death+coffee%22 Ok Stieg Larsson is still the first hit, but as I said, it's technically correct. And now so are the rest of the results :D BTW, to whoever made that Finderr.com page: It doesn't work quite correctly, if you search for `"death coffee"` it doubles the quotes. You probably need to re-think your query regex. Maybe you could modify it so that it includes the `allintext:` operator when you search for an exact phrase? > the legendary status of this game should be obvious to us mere mortals As indeed it should. It's Nethack! :) If you're talking about the German layout and AltGr, then so are the []{} keys, which are already used quite a lot in PHP programming. It's the main reason why, even though my phyiscal keys are in German layout, I still have the USA layout in software. It's just nice to be able to make [] with a single key press :) > A company doesn't have a single conscience. And because of that we should hold it with less responsibility than a single person? Even though it holds an order of magnitude more power than a single person? Yeah, how about, no. And about your other remark, that is nonsense. It is very possible to keep those checks to a reasonable level of responsibility and many corporations do so, with proper software engineering principles, without "turning into Microsoft". When dealing with people's private information, one should err on the side of caution, not on the side of $$$, and it is obvious which route facebook took. In fact, they are already in violation of several EU privacy laws, just because their privacy-pissing database has grown out of hand, they collect more data than they have the internal corporate infrastructure for to deal with this amount of private data of EU citizens in a legal manner in Europe. They went way overboard, maybe not in the US, but they are also incorporated in the EU and cannot oblige by our privacy laws because they collected too much data. As far as I'm concerned, Facebook is on the verge of criminal negligence as EU laws for citizen privacy are concerned. So personally, yeah, I think nothing wrong with headlines of "Facebook privacy fuckup", as long as they're behaving like that, singular conscience or not. That's why we have such laws, to keep corporations responsible. > More importantly, I'm moving away from Facebook because they don't give a fuck about privacy. Yeah me too, I deleted my profile last week. > It will be interesting if we get to where Facebook is required to send a pamphlet to your house explaining how they use the information they collect about you, who they sell it to, etc. Actually, they are, in the EU. Well not literally with a pamphlet, of course, they are required to send you a CD with this data on request. Except that they're (illegally) refusing to provide most of that data under the guise of "intellectual property" (whose? not theirs, under any legal definition of IP I'm aware of) and "trade secrets" (which I'm sure won't hold up). They just provide the profile and your comments and messages and whatnot kinds of data that are all already visible in some sense or other, on Facebook. They do not provide the invisible data, the things they collect behind the scenes, such as what data they collect from your phonebook, what data is available about you being tagged in photos, things like that, all the data you know Facebook is collecting (due to deduction from friend suggestions, or just because it's there), but never really get to see because it's either a) buried behind some algorithms (friend suggestions) or b) just stored and not really used for anything. These two kinds of data are EXACTLY what this EU Privacy law is intended for. The right for EU citizens to know what data about them is being stored especially when it is not immediately obvious that this data is being collected, stored or used in some manner. These two kinds of data are also EXACTLY what Facebook is withholding from EU citizens legal requests because of "trade secrets". It won't hold up. I really hope it won't. Their reasoning for why something is a "trade secret" is the same reason why a law exists that requires them to provide that data: because the data is not used in the open and otherwise EU citizens would not be able to know this data is being collected and stored about them. Remember, the privacy laws protect the fact already that certain data is just stored , not even whether it is used or not. I bet there's many kinds of data FB is simply storing about its users that it doesn't really use yet, data they should have provided on formal request but declined to do so because of "trade secrets". It was a valid question with a straightforward and informative answer. I wouldn't worry about it, some people seem to be a bit trigger-happy with the downvotes :) > I'm assuming they're all talk You obviously have no idea what you're talking about. Stormfront is not all talk and their actions have easily endangered more lives than Wikileaks has. This is the largest online community of neo-nazis on the web, for fuck's sake! What do you think they do, drum circles and interpretive dance?? I'm glad for you that you obviously live in a part of the world where hate-crimes are not much of an issue, but take a look at North East-Germany for instance. There's whole villages occupied by neo-nazis after they chased away the population that wouldn't salute the swastika flag. Yes, in the 21st century. And yes, they do assault and/or kill Jews, Gypsies, Muslims, Blacks, you name it (the ones not in those villages, obviously nobody goes there willingly). They just don't happen to affect the lives of the super-rich and powerful very much. Stormfront is quite objectively more evil than Wikileaks no matter how you spin it, unless you're ignorant or have neo-nazi tendencies yourself. Skrebbel is pretty much spot-on in his assessment. > You can't very well make a healthy profit if the nation in question is burning down around your ears, now can you? Except that's exactly what they've been doing for about the entire world history of banking. They're not protecting the nations, they don't care. They're protecting their own hides. You know Wikileaks got dirt on the banks too, right? Funny thing is, when they release it (and they already have, parts of it), everybody will be like "everybody already knows this". Tickles me mad, that :-D Again, you forget he's also remixing. That changes the whole game. You may be right if re-encoding was all he does, but it isn't. You take the 256kbps high quality AAC, and you time stretch and repitch it by a few percent (to match it up with the track you're mixing it into) and probably fiddle the equalizer a bit, to "drop the bass" :) If you do that a few times, you're losing information, even on a lossless digital medium. If you use even high quality audiocodecs in between, it will sound like crap. And not the kind of super subtle near-impossible to hear difference between lossless and 256kbps AAC crap, but actual crap. I know this from experience myself as well. The sound becomes really flat, hard to describe, but you notice it when you're playing one right next to another track that hasn't been through such a process. It's like you want to turn it up louder but it's already loud enough. Hard to describe, but it's a real problem if you're playing these mixes on high quality speakers in a club--suddenly the sound is not as crisp anymore, and the crowd notices it too. If you want to make the analogy with JPEG, imagine re-encoding at 95% quality, but with a few percent scaling and a few degrees rotation in between, before saving again as 95% quality JPEG. You do that twice, with a quality high res digital photograph, and you're going to wind up with a photo that looks pretty much like the original ... until you make a high res print of it (or zoom in on the screen). Edges that were crisp at first have gone fuzzy, and at places you can spot the typical blocking and ringing JPEG artefacts. You'd probably get away with it, most of the time, too. But not always, and if you're a digital graphics professional, this is your craft, and the mark of a good craftsman is that they put in the work for the little details that you don't really notice, until they're not there, and how you tell you're holding a piece of quality work. Ok so you don't like electronic dance/club music. We get it. I gotta say, I disagree with the guy below me being downvoted, because when I read this "troll" was the first thing that sprang to my mind as well. I don't disagree with you on the matter that you can't tell the difference between quality lossy and lossless recordings, btw. As long as they're the end-product and not being used for further processing. Which is one of the rare scenarios in which is actually does make sense to prefer a vinyl copy over a high quality lossy compressed file, if you can't find the lossless digital version. No you won't be able to hear the difference in the version you bought, but it will make a difference if you intend to work with the data and transform it into something else, because then it is possible that sounds that were thrown away by the lossy codec because no human "golden ear" could hear them, contexts shift and they come into hearing ranges again. But the data is lost, so there's something missing instead. With a digital lossless copy, or with vinyl, you know you're also getting the inaudible bits, even if you can't hear them. And if you're just going to listen to the track, sure, get the quality lossy codec. But if you're doing remixes, you're going to want the inaudible bits too, because you don't know if you'll need them or not. Lossy compression is for end products, not half products. Well, you said it was only bad if it is actually against the law. Which is a strange moral compass, because lots of bad things are not against the law (and with good reason). If you don't have any interest in hacking, why are you on Hacker News? Of course hackers define ownership that way. "Simple substitution cipher" is a cryptographic jargon, that means substituting single characters for other characters or symbols, independent of their context or position. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substitution_cipher#Simple_subs... > Read the FAQ and tell me how a story about art/discovery/paradigm-shifting is OT... Art, okay. But how is this paradigm shifting? We already knew they have bodies below surface for at least a couple of decades. And a good deal of the statues are well above ground with their bodies. They're just called "Easter Island Heads" because their heads are often disproportionally large to their bodies. PARADIGM SHIFT! If that's a paradigm shift to you, here, have some more! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_common_misconceptions Though, I do notice that "Easter Island Heads are in fact not merely heads" is not among them. Maybe I should edit that, given the popularity of this story among what are supposed to be a community of knowledgeable and intelligent people :) Finally, you say it's a story about "discovery". The posted article doesn't really mention anything about a discovery. The original article kind of does: http://www.eisp.org/3879/ Has the same pictures, nearly the same text, maybe it's a bit TL;DR for this crowd given that you even had to summarize your one-sentence post: > tl;dr hn is not a technews aggregator. In which case, congratulations to anybody who read this far. Of course they have bodies! How is this news to anyone? A good part of these statues are well above ground including their bodies, and we've known the sunken ones have bodies below the ground for several decades already. They've been excavating these statues for quite a while already. Here, go read the Wikipedia article on Moai, it's way more interesting than this article (which is just a copy of the first few paragraphs of http://www.eisp.org/3879/ with the commentary "wild stuff" added): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moai Now excuse me while I go submit an article about the Great Pyramids having five sides. Yes mind=blown, I know. I know I promised I'd post an article about how they have five sides (that's including the bottom, for those who were wondering--Law of Fives and all), but I figured the revelation that most Pyramids are in fact, not Egyptian, would be more of a "paradigm shifting discovery" to most. What next? I don't know, it's a while back that I read the article. I should check again, I suppose (or hope) the ones I don't know about, at least I know I don't know about? :) This is ridiculous. It'll never stick in Europe, either. To make a trademark claim you need to be operating in the same sort of market, and you really need to prove that this restaurant is profiting from the popularity of Apple's brand by people confusing their logo/brand with that of Apple. The latter is a real requirement in trademark law. It might be worded slightly different in the specifics, cause it's been a few years since I learned about it. Another requirement for maintaining your trademark, is that you spend reasonable effort to protect it. That is, you can't trademark some word or logo and do nothing with it, and then when some other company happens to use it, grows big, you can't suddenly jump out of the shadows and say HAHA! I TRADEMARKED THAT (yes, that is indeed quite the opposite from what those software patent trolls are doing, patent law is quite different from trademark law, even though they both fall under IP laws). In some strange and twisted sense, Apple's lawyers might have gotten the idea that this is how they should be protecting the Apple brand. Except Apple is not in the restaurant business, nor does the general public associate their brand with restaurants in any sense, so that's that. Could you give some explicit examples where you think PragmataPro is better than, say, Consolas? (except for the APL glyphs, I'm not sure if Consolas has those) Also, what possessed you to make a monospaced programming font condensed ? Squeezing the proportions that way either allows you more characters on a line (bad programming practice) or less lines on a screen (also not good). PS in your screenshot, the special ligature things such as the smiley and the (P), are partly cut off. Because in the 90s textmode screens looked like that. Except back in those days it was done to be able to fit 80 characters on a line instead of just 40. Today it enables programmers to fit WAY more characters on a line. It's like, the perfect oneliner font. You mean you didn't test it for compatibility with major browsers. Any way to upload a file if your browser or OS doesn't support drag-n-drop? Would've been nice if they told me that before I signed up. Well, you got my email now, let me know when it becomes usable. Yeah. So I looked it up for everybody. Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electricity_pricing#Price_compa... Says 11.2ct/kWh in the US per 2011 (close enough to the $0.12/kWh cited elsewhere in this thread). $/kWh $/W year -------------------------------- USA 11.20 0.98 Germany 30.66 2.69 Belgium 11.43 1.00 Netherlands 34.70 3.04 UK 18.59 1.63 You can calculate prices for other countries by looking it up on the table on Wikipedia and using Google Calculator to convert to dollar per Watt year: https://www.google.com/search?q=($0.1859+per+kilowatt+hour)+... Additionally, I propose that we redefine the name for the unit of "dollar per Watt year" as one Belgium . --- Aside: is Wolfram Alpha ever useful for anything? Every once in a while I think of a question that would be perfect for WA to answer, and every time it disappoints me and I have to get the data from Wikipedia or Google, when WA could have also done the cost-per-year conversion for me straight away. This time it failed because as soon as you mention "energy price" WA assumes "US energy price" and tells me it has "no data" for the US energy price in Europe (which is technically correct, of course). Addition: I forgot to do the price comparison for when it pays back the more energy-efficient harddisk versus the other one. Can someone do that? How many Belgium do you need for the energy-efficient disk to pay itself back within warranty? I'd do it even if it's about the same or just slightly more expensive, just for the sake of saving energy. As I read the article I knew something like this would be the top comment on HN ... :-/ Apparently lots of people make this mistake. Is it stupid? Maybe. Probably. Do we need to have a lengthy discussion about it every time it is a minor part of a story or article? I'd rather not. Since I had to look it up, to save others my effort: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NX_technology Looks pretty good. Bookmarked for whenever I need a good remote desktop. Try using the mobile Twitter site: http://m.twitter.com It's a bit bare-bones, but IMO totally makes up for it in raw plain-HTML speed. You're confusing affordance with skeumorphism. Skeuomorphs are non-functional, by definition. Interesting article, but this quote is absolutely sickening: > Because of its volume—and its occasional ruthlessness—Apple gets big discounts on parts, manufacturing capacity, and air freight. “Operations expertise is as big an asset for Apple as product innovation or marketing,” says Mike Fawkes, the former supply-chain chief at Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) and now a venture capitalist with VantagePoint Capital Partners. “They’ve taken operational excellence to a level never seen before.” Crediting a company that until very recently employed slave labour with "occasional ruthlessness" and "taking operational excellence to a new level" is just disgusting. There is still no excuse for that. They should be grovelling on the ground begging for forgiveness, not being commended for it!! At least thanks to this article we know how that situation came to being... Just a little harmless "occasional ruthlessness". Um, no that's not how it goes. Paying late in manufacturing is all over the place, 30 days is considered acceptable, 60 the absolute limit, but paying 90 days late is just something Apple can get away with because of it's size and "occasional ruthlessness". Why was the sibling comment here downvoted? Seems like a reasonable question, I was wondering the same thing? > I don’t think tech writers necessarily use monospace fonts for good reasons—most likely they’re simply accustomed to it, and it doesn’t occur to them that there’s something better out there. Well, this coder that also happens to know his typography also uses monospace fonts, and for good reasons. I have brainstormed a bit now and then of how to enhance Python code with typography, just as an experiment, typeset some code in a nice way, but to use proportional fonts you'd have to work with tabs and ... well the only way I could see it work is to (re) write an IDE to automatically do this typesetting and layouting while the code behind what you see is still normal Python code that would look like you'd expect in a monospaced font, too. Because you can't expect code only to be readable in one specific IDE and not in others. That's one of the important parts of typography, you always need to work within the limitations of the medium, while producing things that look good. And while superficially, you might consider the medium to be "computer screen", you'll find that eg webpages and code views really do have different limitations that need to be taken into account when thinking about their typography. A little bit analogous to designing books or newspapers, both are made of paper, but very different styles and design choices (that are partly influenced by their respective limitations). > Many well-designed proportional fonts have fixed-width numerals (if not by default, then available as alternates) to address alignment. Saying this almost makes me thing you don't actually write code. As someone else points out, fixed-width numerals are only a solution if there are not preceded by other characters on the line. Otherwise you need to work with tabs, but lots of programmers prefer spaces and that's not something you want to make them change. (d) Awesome That's because they keep downvoting them . Wow, this is really amazing. A lot more interesting than their kickstarter page, too. Just like the coders/researchers of this application, I always wondered why traditional weather radar sites didn't do this. I would love to play with their data. I was planning on checking out OpenCV sooner or later anyway, is this raw weather radar data publically available, or do they pay subscription to get it? > But, I agree that this is the way things are going whether we all like it or not. Whatever is in public is fair game for social media. But Mr. Boyle should consider exercising his powers of restraint a little better. Just because it's possible in a world with ubiquitous technology and social media doesn't make it right. Whether a new technology causes society to suddenly lose part of their moral compass really depends on how many people passively "agree that this is the way things are going whether we all like it or not" and how many of us can actually still muster the effort to take some control and responsibility to steer towards what we believe is right, because ultimately society and "the way things are going" is made out of people, like you and me. Also, I don't really believe this is a problem of new technology, it's just worsened by it. If this guy instead of tweeting, would have texted or called his friends to give a live report of some couple's marriage breakup, he'd be the same type of gossiping vulture. It's "just" that Twitter magnified the audience by some orders of magnitude, which makes him a really big and irresponsible gossiping vulture asshole. What if I'd build tweepfights.com, a social/AI/mashup that keyword-scans Twitter for the most heated relationship arguments, automatically queries a couple of social networks to gather background information collected into a concise glossy report that people can of course retweet, Like, +1 and not to forget give their completely biased unwarranted opinion on. It'd be like a crowd-sourced Jerry Springer show! You're both right. Just because "it is how it is" doesn't make something OK, as you say the world is not a nice place, but it also doesn't mean you have to sit down and take it like a cabbage either. And it's perfectly fine to tell people with questionable moral values to go and fuck themselves. Even though it's not always the most strategically sound way to make sure they get what they got coming in a world that is indeed not a very nice place at all. Wonderful. Now to get it product-placed in Hollywood Movies. If the arbitrary JS is specified by a specially crafted URL or form POST, you can make the JS execute in someone else's browser as easily as getting someone to click on a very innocent-looking link. And as soon as you can get someone to execute arbitrary JS on a particular domain, any CSRF protection will be useless because you practically control their browser. (You can even literally control their browser, if you use BeEF http://www.bindshell.net/tools/beef.html ) You can even completely hide the XSS happening by loading it into an invisible IFRAME, while the main page keeps the victim's attention occupied by playing the promised video of a cute kitten playing with a ball of string. Ooh, that's a good one. When I said that, I wasn't thinking about the CSRF token being required with the XSS-able form. So yeah, that partially mitigates the problem. It can still be done, however. But it'll take more than a few minutes, because I have only read about and played with PoCs of the relevant attacks, never implemented one like that myself. One approach is "clickjacking" . It involves putting your page in an IFRAME that is 100% alpha transparent, in a containing page. This is positioned over an image that says "CLICK TO PLAY" (or something) in such a way that the (invisible) button on your page aligns with the image. When you click the image, you're actually clicking the button on your site. Javascript in the containing page monitors when this happens and when it does, it can read the CSRF token from the URL that the IFRAME now points to. Once it knows the token, the XSS attack is straightforward. Now this only works because your form submits the CSRF token via a GET request, so I can read it from the URL. If your form would only accept a POST request, I'm not entirely sure of how I'd do it. I need to think about that for a little while longer, it's an interesting challenge, though. There are some (IMO) far-fetched clickjacking-like attacks that require some social engineering (of the containing page) to get the user to perform certain actions that could do it. One way is to wrap a viewsource: URL to your page in an IFRAME (only works in Firefox, afaik) and position and dress it up so that only the CSRF token is visible and it looks like a CAPTCHA. The user would enter the CAPTCHA/CSRF and then XSS is possible. But that's not very elegant, and I'm not entirely sure if Firefox still allows doing this. Also it's not guaranteed to succeed if the user can't be bothered to enter a CAPTCHA to see the cute kitten video. So in that case I'm not sure. One surefire way to prevent these and related clickjacking-style attacks is to put some framebusting JS code in your site. Twitter does this to prevent clickjacking to autosubmit a those pre-filled tweet form. Check their sourcecode, the way they do it is pretty thorough (even taking into account race conditions that might cause the submit click to go through just before the frame is busted). I'm going to have to think about this for a while (how to do it if it were a POST form, that is. I'm fairly sure I could get the GET variant to work easily--I hope you could follow that example). The way you put a CSRF token in that form definitely makes it non-trivial, though. (BTW for anyone else to attempt a shot at this: the CSRF token is not actually the same value every time, but random generated and fixed with the session cookie, so clear your cookies before you try your brilliant exploit) I was taking the "you fucking suck" remark as him just being really passionate about it, possibly before his first coffee, even. I can see his point, I wouldn't word it like that (or perhaps word it at all). > I don't think the particular clickjacking attack you suggest would work - you cannot read document.location on an iframe if that iframe has a different origin. Ok--I wondered about that. But I figured BeEF has that capability so it must be possible somehow. At least, as far as I understand BeEF loads the page in a fullscreen IFRAME controlling the browser from the containing page. Guess I was wrong. No other way to pull it off? Cause the token is right there in the URL, it's gotta be leaked somewhere ... :-) Maybe next time you can leave the bug in there and just copy the demos to a new set with the fixes? Because I'd like to have seen how this worked, except it no longer works :) (come on people, what's with all the downvotes? this is an interesting discussion! maybe the premise is incorrect but the answers are super informative) Hey brlewis, even though we haven't managed to (completely/reliably) crack your CSRF example YET ... I hope you agree that it's better to not have an XSS in the first place rather than rely on CSRF to make it (way) more difficult, right? > To be clear, "oh well this is an XSS but it doesn't matter" is not something I ever said. I only ever said that most of the screenshots in the article don't by themselves demonstrate a vulnerability on Apple's web sites. True, they may require some clever hacking to really exploit. But experience has shown me that ( way ) more often than not, even though an XSS might not be directly exploitable, there will be further (perhaps not so critical) security problems that will lead to an exploit, given an at-first-sight-not-so-exploitable XSS. So it's always a better idea to make sure the XSS is not there in the first place, because if someone figures out a way to leverage it, they'll have full control over a visitor's browser on that domain. Maybe the innocent flaw that allows the exploit isn't even there yet at first, but gets added accidentally with later development. It's still the XSS that is the most critical problem. > Third, you can see what’s under the stylus. This is essential to artists, of course, but it also completes a simple visual feedback loop in which you can tell what you’re touching. When I first got my Wacom drawing tablet, it took me about an hour of trying out handwriting in GIMP to get used to this. As long as you hover the stylus only a few millimeters above the tablet, you can even see the mousecursor move around to where you're pointing (takes a little bit of practice, that). So, while nice , it's definitely not strictly necessary that seeing what's "under" the styles happens on the same plane as you're drawing on. Hi! I work at a "Young Researchers Centre", a sort of after-school crafts-and-technology place for kids of roughly ages 8-12. They can work wood carpentry, clay pottery, fabric, metalworks (lots of cute jewelry made from resistors :) ), electronics/soldering, Lego Mindstorms and of course computers. I supervise at the last two. We don't let them play webgames, YouTube, Facebook or Pokemon websites or things like that, except for the final 30 minutes which is free time (though I still won't let them on Facebook--that's a hairy situation I'll let the parents sort out responsibility over at home. I believe the webfilter blocks it too). Anyway, what they can do: Creating animations with a stick-figure animation program called Pivot, build plain HTML+images websites (with jEdit free syntax highlighting editor that also works over FTP) and create games with the free trial of Gamemaker (GUI-based point-and-click programming, not bad at all). Oh and this afternoon I helped a little guy shoop fake Pokemon cards in GIMP :-) We are looking at introducing a little bit more actual programming into the possibilities, though. I visited this very same centre at the age of ten, and I'd just fire up QBASIC and start coding funky graphics, and there were at least one or two other kids that did similar. My personal experience is that level of ability varies a lot with age, they develop real quick in this age-range. I wouldn't try and teach an 8 year old to program, not even with GameMaker. For some reason kids that age do not yet seem to have developed this hyper-interested bite-your-teeth-in-it persistence (you probably know what I'm talking about if you started coding at a young age--it's amazing, even if the smartest ones are invariably also super annoying clever little know-it-alls, which I try my best to not let get in the way of teaching them :) ). I did have success with helping an 8 year old kid write his own webpage in HTML. His writing skills were phenomenal for his age, very little spelling errors, just needed to learn proper capitalisation and use of the comma :-) Capitalisation is probably also a result of not yet fully developed motor skills at that age, you can tell that pressing shift with their other hand actually takes them effort. Anyway, he wrote a short introduction about himself and proceeded to write a number of (actually quite funny) jokes and puns. I hope he returns soon, so we can add some styling to the page, it's just plain black-on-white Times with H1, H2 and P tags now. One important thing we try to focus on here, is to give the kids something to do they can actually finish or at least see some tangible results of within one afternoon. It's really demotivating to be real busy for a couple of hours and not have something bounce around your screen at the end of it, preferably as soon as possible. Another important thing is, that it's not school. They're not graded and they don't have to do things perfectly, or even the right way. The kids at electronics are soldering wires onto thumbtacks pushed into a piece of soft wood (with a paper printed diagram pasted on it, they make flashing lightbulbs, simple radios etc). It's very easy and it works, but it's not a proper way to do electronics :) In a similar fashion, I'm not going to push them to write properly CSS-ed content-layout-separated semantic HTML. If it's easier and simpler to use an inline style, or even a TABLE based layout, I'll show them how to do it. It's more important to show them how to get their hands "dirty" and that they can make these computers do anything they want, I like to show them quick results and they can always learn to do things the proper way later on. On that note, I realize that PHP is probably the best way to get them started in programming. Most kids can get the hang of HTML pretty quickly (what are the tags for, opening and closing tags, how do you make an image, a link, etc). PHP has the nice property that you can just write it inside the HTML and easily add a little bit of interactivity, with immediate results. Indeed no templating languages, and yes it will grow into a huge tangled mess as they add more and more complexity BUT if there's one young these young kids are very good at, it's keeping track of a tangled mess of their own creation. A simple example, one kid wrote a multi-page HTML website, with a menu bar (just a line of link tags) on top to navigate. What sucks for him is that he has to duplicate the menu code in every HTML page, and if anything changes or he wants to add another menu-link, he has to edit them all. There's no way to solve this in HTML, except with a FRAMESET which is kinda complex (and very outdated). So next time I will show him how, with a single line of he can make things a lot easier for himself. It's still not real programming, but yet another small step along the way, that delivers immediate results. Finally, a completely different idea I had, is to show them how to make simple games with Python and PyGame. IMO, Python is one of the best languages to start out with (I suppose Ruby is also pretty great but I'm not too familiar with it), and PyGame is real easy to use as it has functions for images, sprites, timing and even collision detection. I would start them off with a basic skeleton that opens a window and an event loop and possibly some object moving around or something. I'm not really sure whether I'll pursue this idea, because currently the "ease-them-into-PHP" idea sounds better, and I only have so much time to prepare new things :) So, I can only share my experiences, unfortunately not offer much concrete advice, as we're still trying to figure out the best way as well. (BTW myself, I started with BASIC at the age of 9. Reasonable beginners language, but it was also the only choice available for me :) ) So the basic idea is that a BF interpreter will ignore any non-BF characters? How about, if you'd take an 8 bit grayscale image, and allow each pixel a margin of error, say 2 values up or down. Then you could process the pixels sequentially while looking for the next value that is within the range of +/- 2 of your next BF token and adjust it to the correct value. If instead you happen upon an incorrect BF token, you can also adjust it so that it either turns into the correct one or a non-BF instruction byte. Of course there's no guarantee that you'll be able to fit the whole program since you'll be skipping a lot of pixels. But an image is big and the message is short, so there's a good chance. Especially if you retry with different BF encodings of the same message, and failing that upping the error margin to +/- 3, then +/- 4, etc. Problem is, every time I think "hey this would be a problem WA could answer!", I somehow get stuck because WA never seems to have the data I'm looking for (last time, electricity prices are always assumed to be US prices even if I say "in Germany"), or it's unable to present me the data in a way that's helpful to me (last time, a bit longer ago, comparing some demographic statistics between 3 countries--I forgot the details). There was one time it worked for me, when I had to compute the derivative of a Lennard-Jones potential function. Even though it gave me a lot of different answers of the same formula written in complex different ways. I just remembered Mathematica has a Simplify function, maybe that would have worked in WA too. Entering one's birthday and finding out how many weeks or days you lived is kind of fun. For general calculations and unit conversions I prefer to use Google Calculator, for the simple fact that the page loads much quicker. I prefer Google's Calculator feature for that, mostly because it loads so much quicker than WA and (perhaps related) feels slightly more reliable. Ooh Instacalc! I really liked that app when I first heard of it (must be over a year ago?), thanks for reminding me of its existence, I'll check out how far it's come. Hope the cross-browser issues got solved, I seem to remember that was my major hurdle (I'm on Opera). > This looks like 'snake oil'. What exactly is the purpose of using the brainfuck code instead of the message itself? Hackery, pretty much. > if the message was discovered, then brainfuck does not represent much of an obstacle to reading it. The point of stego is that the message is not suspected. Usually this is done via statistical analysis(1). However, this just tells the adversary that "a message could be there". Given that information, they still need to find out which bytes are information-carrying, and that those bytes encode to a BF program. Stego is all about the extra hurdles, it is literal security-through-obscurity. But once they got that, yeah, the message will be exposed. (1) Which is why encrypting the message before stego is not a straightforward good idea, as encrypted data looks like white noise, and contrary to popular belief, the lowest bits in most photos are not distributed like white noise (as a naive stego algorithm would just hide an encrypted message in the image's least significant bits). Another idea is to substitute the eight BF instructions to different bytes. Right now the byte-values for most instructions are within 1 or 2 values from eachother. You'd need a modified interpreter, though, but by picking different values for the BF instructions, spaced further apart in the 0-255 range, you'd get less collisions (incorrect BF tokens appearing at the wrong spot in your stream). Another possibility would be to pick different code points for each image/message encoded. Though you'd need another channel to specify which 8 bytes encode for which BF tokens. You could even not specify it, but limit the choices for the 8 byte values and try all combinations, then see which ones decode to a string that comes closest to character distribution in English language (this is the same method used by online translators to determine source language, character distribution is highly distinctive). Additionally, it's that managers are also supposed to carry more responsibility, if they make a decision and tell the coder to "no, do it like this", it should be their neck on the line if it turned out to be the wrong decision. Even though it doesn't always turn out that way, just appearing to carry the burden of responsibility is often enough to make justifications for being paid more. In reality , the truth is of course somewhere in between the optimistic first paragraph and the cynical second. This was posted in April, anyone know if there's a follow-up? I'm assuming it went just fine, but it'd be nice to read about. Especially how many "urgent" emails he got regardless, and how urgent they really were. 1. Semantic web. Not really. People are still trying, but it's not at all clear whether it will actually take off some day. 2. Artificial Intelligence. Not too long ago I would have said "Nope, keep dreaming". But recently there's been several AI-powered applications and projects that are actually useful. There's of course Siri, but also a whole bunch of Computational Linguistics and Computer Vision projects going on. I doubt we'll get an actual scifi-like "talking computer with personality" soon, but AI is more than just that. 3. Virtual Worlds. Well there is World of Warcraft, but I'm kind of glad 2nd Life didn't take off. It was much too bright and shiny to become a Snow Crash Metaverse ;-) 4. Mobile. Yup. Spot on. 5. Attention Economy. I'm not really sure what this is. I suppose that's a no then, even though parts of it seem to be implemented, it's not as ubiquitous as to be a "thing", or trend. 6. Web Sites as Web Services. Yes and No. We've seen quite a lot of these, and I like them a lot, but they never seem to be able to stay "just" a Web Service. Always expanding, not content to remain a single cog in a user-ducttaped web. Twitter is a good example of starting out as a brilliantly simple Web Service, expanding and doing so much more than "Do One Thing And Do It Well". 7. Online Video. Absolutely. Funny how they don't even mention YouTube :) 8. Rich Internet Apps. Yes. Although not on AIR or any other platform, but HTML5 and increasingly powerful JavaScript. There's successes and failures, some things work as Internet apps, some don't, some things need to be re-implemented a few times before someone gets them "right". But on the whole, this has been rising and probably will continue to do so for a while. 9. International Web. I don't know. I'm not seeing it. The big languages are still very isolated in my experience. I can't read Russian or Chinese so I don't know what's going on there. I can read Dutch, some German and a tiny bit of French, and when I do, it really feels to me as if they're on their own web, with their own web culture, style and sometimes even their own technologies. It seems that "everybody" is on the English web, but not vice versa. 10. Personalization. Yes. They try. It's interesting how most consumers never asked for this, and some of them really don't even want it, yet the marketing and advertising opportunities provide a strong enough force to push it any way. I'm not sure where this will end up going but they did get the prediction right. So that's about 6 out of 10, maybe? I think this tells us more about the feasibility of making these predictions at all, than whether RWW had a good grasp on the playing field in 2007. I remember 2007 and from that point of view, given this blast-from-the-past, indeed all of these technologies would have sounded just as reasonable as the rest. While cute, I'm surprised why it seems to work so well. The extracted features appear to be nothing but small patches of various types and directions of edges. Training a Naive Bayes classifier on these features will try to determine the label roughly based on the unordered strength/number of occurences of these small feature patches. While it's obviously demonstrated that you can attain a surprising accuracy with this method, if the features in the "bag of features" method are all very local like in this demo, you are throwing away the larger scale features of the image. And intuitively, it's the larger scale features that ultimately determine the subject of a photograph. One thing this classifier would probably fail, would be a blurred photograph, that still would obviously depict either a cat or a cheeseburger to a human viewer, but it would completely mess up the local feature patches. A more interesting, and much harder, thing would have been to try and train a classifier to determine "cat", "cheeseburger" or "other/neither". I'm fairly sure you couldn't have done that with such local features. Just my educated Machine Learning opinion, of course :-) The demo itself is both hilarious, and a good demonstration of SimpleCV's ease of use. Whoops, seems I completely glossed over that ;-) Thanks for the catch! Good point, as soon as they know "a message could be there", they got motivation to hit extra hard with that rubber-hose until something comes out. Slightly less awful than torture, you also lose plausible deniability in a legal setting, or even other situations. I agree the most important thing about stego is that the existence of the message is not discovered at all . Sounds like that means encryption before stego is pretty much useless, then? Still something in my head says "better safe than sorry", even though you're not mitigating all that much risk. A better idea might be to compress the message before stego. That way you need to hide less bits, even though the bits will be distributed like white noise, which can be harder to hide, but could perhaps also be something that can be relied on in some sense. In case the other thread won't bubble to the front page (though I expect it will): CNN confirmed it was suicide: http://money.cnn.com/2011/11/14/technology/diaspora_cofounde... Yes please! This was the first thing I noticed, maybe my netbook is too slow but I do a lot of coding on the little thing. The way I solved this in a similar auto-complete app was using a setTimeOut to prevent updating or requesting data unless no key had been pressed in the last 0.2 seconds or so: var updateId = 0; function searchKeypress(e) { if ((e || window.event).keyCode == 13) { updateCookie(radioStations.selected); document.location = radioStations.selected.links[0].url; } clearTimeout(updateId); updateId = setTimeout(searchUpdate, 200); } Disclaimer: this piece of code is about 4 years old and as you can see it doesn't even use jQuery, but I trust it demonstrates the principle well enough. I only don't mind ads because I block most of them. Whenever I view the net through a different browser or computer, I'm pretty shocked how much ads are actually there. And no, I'm afraid they're not actually "sometimes useful", to me. Most of the time I'm on the net I'm not looking to buy something. Though come to think of it, the few times I am, I don't mind clicking an ad or two. Except when I do, and it appeals to me, I usually run a query through a search engine to find the same page, so I can see what the other 9 top results are. I mean, how can I know I'm getting a good deal by just clicking one ad, right? Well-known indeed (at least, I followed it with keen interest when it came out), but I think it's good that this resurfaces as I really don't think it got enough attention the first time around. Personally I think the most worrying bits of data are first the time stamp, and second the printer serial number. I say serial number is second because in a criminal investigation phorensics can also get a "fingerprint" of the printer by tracking imperfections in the way it's printed. But the timestamp of when something was printed is definitely new information that otherwise would not be there and in certain circumstances would not want to be leaked. You mean instead of "seconds since this story was posted" it should use "number of stories posted since" ? Sounds like a pretty good plan. Though as other people mention you could also add pageviews in the mix, as well as "number of comments since". I'd say a nice linear combination of all three, softmaxed between some limits, added to the number of seconds. The latter bit because you wouldn't want things to go crazy when a huge amount of pageviews or things are posted. But it's a good idea. Especially since I'm in a non-American timezone, which means that if I want a story to be seen I need to take into account US office hours as well, and your suggestion might sort of take the timezone effect out of it. Wowwww! Great to hear you had backups and could mostly restore your loss though! You said you were working from the interactive shell so you didn't have history? Now I always use IPython, which does keep a history (which I set to very long ), isn't there some way you can config the default Python interactive shell to keep a history as well? Sounds like that would be useful for all sorts of unexpected things. Otherwise, get IPython, it's really good, but still a plain interactive shell only with extra fancy features. Glad to hear it turned out mostly all right though. I always feel for these data-loss stories because I can imagine what it'd be like ... that sinking feeling. Brrrr. Absolutely! If you hadn't posted those links, I would have ;-) Also, SD cards are really really sturdy. You can drive a car over them, and I know from experience they can survive a fire. Maybe if he'd use a micro-SD, he could swallow it. Or hide it pretty much anywhere cause it's the size of a fingernail. Dump the empty micro-SD/SD-adapter into one of those typical "computer paraphernalia" boxes always found on any desk, you know, the one that also contains an aged USB stick, three paperclips, a PS2-USB adapter, post-its, ear-phones and some USB cable, and nobody will expect a thing. > However, physicists do make extensive use of unit tests, so that may be some consolation. Ehm, well some do. And those that do, endlessly complain about most of them that don't. Fact of the matter is, most physicists aren't trained in proper software engineering methods. Quite a few, but not nearly a majority are very interested in computers and computing so they may pick up a thing or two or actually bite their teeth in doing things the right way, and then there's most of them who love Physics for being Physics and Science for Science and see the computer as just another tool next to their pencil and paper, and just "get things done" and screwed be the next PHD that has to pick up on their research. At least, that's what I hear from a friend doing a PHD involving analysing huge datasets coming from apparatus measuring high energy cosmic particles. Of course the LHC is a much more prestigious project, so you might expect somewhat higher quality, but you can't change the culture. Physicists are generally not Software Engineers. Well a couple of years ago, my house burnt down. I was "lucky" with only a melted flatscreen monitor and further mostly just smoke damage (which insurance still reimbursed as total loss , yay), my flatmate, where the fire started, less so. His part of the apartment, the next day, pretty much was a blackened cube with bits of black debris on the floor, what used to be furniture, his computer, books and audio equipment[1]. In the rubble we found his camera, which was of course useless if not because of the heat[2], then because of the water damage from the fire-fighters. Inside was a 2GB SD card and it still worked. So yeah, if for some strange reason you can't keep your backups off-site, nor in a fire-proof safe, store them on a SD card in a camera :-) [1] He also wasn't insured, making the story even sadder. Fortunately he just landed a pretty good job, also he met his current girlfriend while staying at his parents until he found a new home. So some good came of it, I suppose. [2] Glass windows melted, can you imagine? Looks like icicles. I later asked a glassworker friend, she said that means it must at least have been 800 degrees Celsius. > There are at least 7 billion different perspectives on morality ... and only a few of them define it in terms of "sin". Yes, that's exactly what Lorem Ipsum is intended for. While I can imagine there being some usecases in which you'd want to actually test the readability of some design and maybe provide some text that a user can actually read, in most cases you don't and you use Lorem Ipsum to keep the client from reading the text. One thing you definitely don't want to do, during the design phase, is putting text there that is almost but not quite a finished version of what is actually going to be there. Because that way you guarantee that the client will be reading the text and (even involuntarily) come up with all sorts of things that are slightly wrong about the text and could be improved, which is all very useful (maybe), but not if you're looking for feedback on the design , which is when you use Lorem Ipsum filler. That said, there may be a few use cases where this "meaningful but unrelated" filler is appropriate, but it's most definitely not "better" than Lorem Ipsum. Nor is "Lorem Ipsum is lame" a valid criticism in these use cases. Well, well... In between developing censoring and deep packet inspection infrastructure for Iran and Egypt (in a joint venture with Nokia) and getting their PLC control software rooted by Stuxnet, Siemens makes badly secured SCADA systems for water supplies. If Turing had been still alive he'd have solved P?=NP by now! ;-) No. Google's initial reaction (long, long ago) to competitors who literally sold placement in SERPs was to not do that, and not have ads at all, and promote this widely. Later when they got ads and "sponsored results", which they had to do of course because at some point you've got to make money somehow, they were very very careful to distance their ads from search results, because after all they'd just been promoting themselves as "not selling their search results" and of course "Don't be Evil" (which they dropped by now right). And ever since, their ads have been creeping closer and more visually similar to their search results, right up to the point where, as the OP mentions, some of these ads look exactly like search results, except highlighted . Sure they are marked as "sponsored result" in very tiny light-grey letters but so were some of their search-result selling competitors back in the day. So yeah no sorry, I fully understand this is the way corporations inevitably go as they get big and successful, but as far as I see it, Google has been distancing itself from this "evil" behaviour at first, and then, after competition was crippled, slowly crept back to--well not the worst examples of this behaviour, but it's still bad enough that if Google had been selling "sponsored search results" in this fashion right from the start, nobody would have bought their bullshit about "we don't sell our search results". What they're currently doing is only marginally better than silently hiding sponsored links within the search results, as from every approach they're going through lengths to make this ad look exactly like a search result, except they highlight it and tiny letters say it's an ad (the 8px kind that UX blogs will tell you a lot of people have trouble reading). I even just noticed they gave their "top search result ad" exactly the same ">> Preview" button on mouseover as any other search result! Sorry but there's no question that what Google is technically doing right now, is selling their top number 1 highlighted "search result", misleading people to look exactly like a search result, except in a token-attempt at "honesty" it is marked as an ad, except you know as well as I do that the less computer-savvy people don't even notice that, and just click it if it seems to answer their question, without realizing it is an ad. Just as if it was a search result. I mean, hey I think it's bullshit, sure they're allowed to do this, but let's not pretend Google is not selling (top) placement in their search results, and that this top ad is not desperately trying to look and behave exactly like a search result in a deliberately misleading way. They are no longer any better than the competitors whose ad model they were so against back in their early days. > No. Only if Google included barely distinguishable paid placements in their organic results would it be a fair comparison. Well that is what they are. The only distinction is the 8px letters that say "Why this ad?" which are hard to read and widely ignored. > I'll concede that some minority of users might not be able to distinguish paid results from organic on Google, but no one could do it with these "blended" ads -- that's why he's getting such a high CTR. Users are being tricked. Let's call it the majority of users except for programmers hackers and other computer-savvy folk, and I'd say you got it about right. Have you ever seen a kid use Google? An elderly person? Your parents? Shoulder-surf a random non-coder in a coffeeshop or a library? These are the kind of people that type "google" into the browser search box to go to google. I work with 8-12y kids that come specifically to learn about websites and computers, and among those already savvy interested kids there's only about half of them that understands what the difference is between a paid ad on Google and a search result. They'll just click it if it appears to lead them to whatever they were looking for. I agree that these ads are "blended" way more than Google's paid highlighted top search results/ads, more deceiving, but it really is the same thing. The "blended" ad also clearly mentions in a very tiny font that it's a sponsored result. I would also think the only way that we're able to more easily recognize the Google paid highlighted top search result/ad is because we use Google every day, we expect it's there, and from previous usage we know that search results that look a bit different are probably sponsored. The "busyteacher" website is only different in the sense that its users have no known expectations about the site because they only use it rarely. Ok sure if Google is now supposed to be the equivalent of an ad-stuffed trade magazine or a coupon book then yeah, I can't disagree. To bad though, remember when it used to be a pretty good Search Engine? Seriously, if that's what Google wants to be, or apparently is, then that's fine I'll just not go there anymore since 99% of the time I'm looking for information, you know, researching things on the Internet, not trade magazine ads or coupons. (actually personally it's not the ads but the fact that their real search results have been increasingly inaccurate over the past few months, that I'm actually starting to use other SEs like DuckDuckGo and Yandex as my first choice, more often. That DDG doesn't have sponsored results and makes user privacy a priority is a nice bonus) Easy! Hint: it’s the ones without the Facebook button. ;-) > There's a fat label that says it's sponsored. Are we talking about the same screenshot with "Bingo Card Creator", five stars and "rated by lots" ? Cause all I'm seeing is a tiny 8px light grey label that says "Sponsored Placement". Is there also a big fat label that I missed somehow? Ok then, with the same reasoning, Google's sponsored top-of-the-search-results ads are Evil as well. I just saw they not only have the same visual appearance, but even have the same behaviour , on mouseover, the ">>" button appears to preview the (ad) page, just like any other search result. Apart from the tiny "Ads - Why these ads?" text it's quite impossible to tell they're ads. The background colour is #fff8e7 a sort of very light orange-pink, that's real hard to make out (depending on your monitor and eye vision). I just tried another obvious sponsored search "medical insurance" and I got three ads above the search results. The tiny "Ads - Why these ads?" text is on top of these three ads, so the only way to determine where these ads end and where the real search results start is by squinting to see where the light pink orange box stops --I had to turn my small netbook screen at an angle to be able to see that. Funny, never really paid much attention to this (I usually ignore everything that tries to sell me something--ad or not), but really digging into this, damn, Google has turned into some damn sneaky evil bastards. Yeah, thanks to this article I took a critical look at those Google sponsored top result ads and realized how deceptive they were. Probably not the point the author was trying to make, but I still got a lot of interesting out of it :) Some exclusive video content about imitation cuckoo clocks, knock-off Swiss army knives and synthetic polyester lederhosen is blocked in Switzerland, because it can generate dangerous increases in blood pressure, especially among the elderly living at higher altitudes. "voxels" are also a demoscene term for a method of rendering height-mapped landscapes in 3D, using a kind of raycasting technique. Technically they are "voxels", but the algorithm and their use is quite different from the sort of thing talked about here. one thing is that only the landscape is rendered as "voxels" and it's mostly a textured height map, so it can't contain multi-level structures such as bridges, etc. it's best suited for mountain ranges and beaches and things like that. just the term "voxels" is quite generic already, and doesn't really describe one algorithm over another, except that you're not using polygons. Similarly, the Netherlands has Bits of Freedom https://bof.nl/ . They're doing some really good work on reporting data leaks and even are trying to get a law passed that would require companies to report their data leaks as they find them. "most" ? Like which ones? Bits of Freedom seems pretty professional and organized from what I've seen. Also what do you mean with "bunch of activists", well I can guess what you mean, but technically the EFF are activists just as well. Well on the other hand, if they can already do this with just CPU, it can only get better as they unleash the power of a GPU as well, right? Especially as you say, voxels are pretty well-suited to parallel rendering like that. Unsure. On several occasions I got the distinct impression that a lot of members aren't actually interested in "hacking" (for any of its definitions), instead you get people asking about the value of jailbreaking a phone: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3169000 I suppose it is because the top hits below HN are perhaps even less about "hacker news" ? Go BitsofFreedom!! :-D And why the downvote below for HnNoPassMailer? All he said was correct. Was it the "failure of the Dutch Pirate Party" bit? Because they did fail. The German and Swedish Pirate Parties are excellent, but ours just keep blundering on public relations, they're geeks with great ideals but they're not politicians. Maybe they should partner up with BitsofFreedom or something, BOF.nl seems to know how to handle publicity. > I'd certainly remember someone that accepted an offer and then backed out without cause. Nobody responsible does this. Except when the cause is "they pressured me and didn't want to give me time to compare offers, so I trust my instincts, delayed, and what do you know? Indeed their offer was much worse, no wonder they resorted to those tactics, good thing I didn't actually sign anything yet and I could still go for the other job" in which case it sounds like a very responsible person. Of course some companies prefer employees with a little bit less backbone, which is exactly what they would have gotten away with if it weren't for that meddling Spolksy! ;-) to HnNoPassMailer: (can't reply directly) Moderators (or perhaps some automated system) seem to be quite trigger-happy on the hellbannings. That is the kind of ban where you disappear for everybody else (unless they got `showdead` enabled), but the person themselves has no idea what's going on, or why. I even saw a guy here get hellbanned for a rather tasteless joke. It certainly deserved all the downvotes it must have gotten and was sufficiently inappropriate to at least warrant a warning, suspension or perhaps even an actual ban. But hellbanning is completely counterproductive in these situations. The guy just continued posting for weeks, completely oblivious to the fact that nobody was replying to him, or upvoting him! Let alone that he had any idea he did something wrong. (IMO a warning would have sufficed on first offence since the rest of his comments were constructive enough, he was no troll) This is a very good essay on the pros, cons and uses of hellbans (and other sneaky+unusual sanctions such as slowbans and errorbans): http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2011/06/suspension-ban-or-h... In summary: hellbans are only useful against repeatedly banned disruptive trolls that won't listen to reason and will just proxy back in with a new account after you IP-ban them because it delays them and they may get bored give up and go away. A temporary hellban is the most useless thing ever, it just wastes people's time and if they are bad enough they deserved that, you probably didn't want to let them back in later. A hellban can be mildly effective to spammers but not much since they expect or detect it sooner. Personally I've found the slowban to be most effective against the most stubborn and disruptive return trolls (and only those). There's even science to point out that pageload delays directly reduce participation, which is exactly what you want. But the forum I admin attracts those types by its very nature, while in the 1.5yr I've been on HN, I actually haven't seen any of such trolls. The up/downvote system works too well for that (to the point that it sometimes tips the balance the other way into circlejerk territory, but that's another discussion). This IMO not-always-correct-or-effective moderating is why I have `show dead` turned on, and sometimes when I'm paranoid, check from a different IP if my comments are still visible :-) Interesting. How are they not transparent, though? I still think they're doing good work, so I'm not going to stop my monthly donation any time soon btw :-) And about your last paragraph, I don't think it's because BoF soaking up expertise that the Dutch Pirate Party couldn't properly explain their position and ideals when GeenStijl/POWnews interviewed them in a very uncharacteristic positive manner (GS wanted them to succeed, but they just stammered). And even then there was no excuse for blogging "Big Tits Cause Earthquakes" [response to the Telegraaf's "Pirates Caused Pukkelpop Disaster"]--that was the moment I unfortunately could not take them serious as a political party any more. I get it was a joke, but you just can't do that if you're an official political party blog and your 1) alienating some female voter audience with such headlines and 2) communicating to the rest of your audience that you apparently don't understand that [and consequently, how will they be defending their vision in real politics?]. It's sad because I would have loved to have a real good Pirate Party like Sweden or Germany have. The distinction you're making is in your first example both the man is arbitrary, as well as the day of the week. In the second example, only the man is arbitrary. With those assumptions what you say is correct. However, the question is "You meet a man on the street and he says, “I have two children and one is a son born on a Tuesday.”" and not "You meet a man on the street and he tells you he has two children, that one is a son and he tells you what day of the week he was born". So the day is not arbitrary, it's specifically Tuesday. > My personal favorite example of this is Google Translate, which is one of the most accurate machine translating tools on the planet. Google almost sacked it because it was not profitable, and had it not been for public outcry we may have lost access to this technology altogether. I kind of missed this "public outcry", when did it happen? And if Google listens to public outcry, why did we lose Google Code Search? > I can say without a doubt that mine hasn't broken any laws. I hope that's merely your own misinformed conclusion and not what your attorneys actually told you. Because if they did guarantee this, you should probably look into getting new ones. Assuming you're in the US, your congress already invented* laws it's illegal to know whether they affect you or whether you are guilty of them. Of course those are coming for terrorists, so you don't need to speak out/worry because you're not a terrorist. So while it's very likely that your company might not be breaking any laws, if your attorneys guarantee it, they're either lying/ignorant or breaking the law themselves. OK so how's this relevant to the guy selling candy? The point is, it doesn't matter whether it's legal for him to sell these candies, the big deal is whether it's right for him to do so. These attorneys you're hiring, are not for guiding you on the Right Path of being a "good" company, you hired them to protect you from the Beast of the Law. *blatantly copied the idea from Kafka, who had prior art, the thieving bastards > I think that it's deeply unfair to compare the BSD daemon logo to a swastika where was this said? I didn't find it in the thread. I thought this comment was rather insightful: http://lists.freebsd.org/pipermail/freebsd-chat/2011-Novembe... As a former fundie myself (brief stint, I assure you!), I do have some sympathy for your hotel guests. Decades ago, in my teens, before I was fortunate enough to snap out of it, such a situation would have produced an *extreme* amount of anxiety. I can only feel sorry for anyone who has lived their whole life that way. There aren't many ways to help them, everything you say or do is processed via an elaborate shell script that basically amounts to this: sed -e 's/outside help/trick of the devel/' Poor people, really. If they weren't so dangerous & annoying, we ought to have sympathy for them. It really was a high-stress lifesytle. I'm thankful to have snapped out of it early on, lots of others aren't so lucky. It really is like a trap. Especially the bit about "high-stress lifestyle". Because really, it's not just about being simply offended by imagery that is perceived as antagonistic to their religion, it's about getting completely worked up over a cartoon image of a devil, and truly believing that whoever put that there must be corrupted by Dark Forces. It's kind of hard to come up with a non-Christian equivalent, maybe something like travelling to Asia, visiting a Hindu temple, and completely freaking out about the swastikas, because obviously this means that all Hindus are in fact Nazis. Or even more direct, refusing to book a hotel owned by Hindus that prominently display some swastika emblem behind the counter (as a good luck/prosperity charm). Now imagine living with this delusion, you actually believe this, everybody trying to convince you otherwise is either sadly misguided, corrupted, or "one of them" and these swastikas are quite prevalent in Asia. You'd be living in a constant state of fear of Imaginary Nazis! It's one of those things that is both funny and sad and amazing and pitiful, all at the same time. Maybe another comparison, I know a couple of people that can completely freak out from simply seeing a picture of a spider, as much that if it's large and unexpected enough they will actually jump out of their chair and panic. A big difference is of course that these people are aware that their fear is irrational--that a picture cannot hurt them (well, apart from any physical reactions they bring about their own, of course). > But how would you feel if you ran into your neighbor at the mailboxes and they were getting magazines with swastikas on them? Depends. If it was the actual red/white/black Nazi design, I'd definitely ask about it and he'd have to come up with a reasonable excuse as to why he is receiving these magazines--and then I'd believe him knowing that actual neo-Nazis never apologize or make excuses but will be frank and confronting about their beliefs and the ones that aren't also tend to make sure their neighbours don't see their propaganda mail. However , you can't compare that to a cartoon devil in sneakers. If that computer screen had displayed Powered by then, yeah, I couldn't blame anyone for at least wondering if they might be Satan-worshippers :) And if fundie Christians want to get all offended and freak out at Satanists, I'm going to say, have at it. While actual Satanists are generally rather harmless, they are also generally enormous pricks. It might even give me short pause and wonder whether I'd reconsider staying at that hotel, but in the end the potential for hilarity would probably win out. No, this is more like: Your neighbour receives a magazine with a swastika on it that doesn't actually have anything to do with Nazis, like maybe he is a Hindu. Just like the BSD logo doesn't have anything to do with the devil or satan, but is a play on the word "daemon". In that case, maybe you don't know it, you ask him, he tells you, and since the magazine says Modern Hindu Magazine (health & lifestyle for the modern Hindu!) and the swastika is yellow with orange, you figure that he's probably not a neo-Nazi. > I was surprised that you invoked Godwin's Law on a first level post. Not "invoking Godwin's Law" if it's actually relevant. It'd be different if he'd have said "these fundie Christians are like nazis". And the actual Godwin's Law is even different and isn't "invoked". Look it up. I think comparison with a swastika is perfectly reasonable and not at all gratuitous, for being an icon/imagery that evokes strong emotions in many people (myself included). BTW that doesn't mean I agree with the comparison, because I don't, for similar reasons as you state. But referring to "Godwin's Law" in a discussion where the swastika actually is a relevant comparison pisses me off. True. This is a more accurate description of the biblical Satan: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/90/GustaveDo... Only difference with an angel is that the feather wings are replaced with bat-like wings. I was going to say that the horns (and goat-legs) came from "demonizing" the Horned God/Pan/etc deities from Paganism. But looking it up (check Wikipedia on Satan, Devil, Pan, Horned God for references), it turns out that this demonization occurred mostly in the late as the early 19th century, while the image of a horned Devil occurs at least as early as the 13th century. Interestingly, the image of The Devil in the early 18th century Tarot of Marseille seems to have branched antlers, not horns. And that's just a cursory investigation, the complete story is probably much more complicated than that :) There's some stuff involving the Knights Templar vs ancient Pagan imagery, but I'm done with Wikipedia for the moment :-) Yeah no, it's both really. I encourage people to also RTFS (read the survey). Because there's more to it than just "only 25% of the Adblock Plus users seem to be strictly against any advertising"--which Wladimir Palant gladly ignores: * 43% (agree) to 70% (somewhat agree) believe ABP should block more ads * 54% (important) to 82% (somewhat important) use ABP because they care about privacy. Yet they do not require the whitelisted parties to have "Do Not Track" support because they "are not yet in a position to enforce that requirement"--of course they wouldn't because the first thing they whitelisted are Google Ads which will never support "Do Not Track". * his assertion that it needs to be default because the majority of users "never change any settings" is simply false: 63% of users already sometimes disable ABP all by theirselves on a website, 56% manage their filter preferences, 63% change the blockable items list and 60% adds or removes filter subscriptions. Really, I think it's absolutely awesome that a software developer holds a survey to find out which way future development of an open-source project should go, but he might just as well saved himself the trouble if he's just going to ignore the data he doesn't agree with. Finally, the result that "only 25% of the Adblock Plus users seem to be strictly against any advertising" is mentioned nowhere in either of the three posts about this survey. So there's no way to tell what question(s) this number is based on, what the alternative answers were or whether these other 75% of people consider SEDO domainsquatting ads "acceptable" or not. Finally there's Wladimir Palant repeatedly asserting he doesn't actually have any experience conducting surveys, as evidenced by the lack of methodology (while taking a rather negative defensive heels-in-the-sand position towards anyone who questions him, or comments on the survey), and especially the nearly unreadable pie and stacked bar charts (only the two worst choices for pretty much any kind of data visualisation and they make Edward Tufte cry). And then there's the "mysterious" case of the non-English users that got a translated survey selecting the "I don't know/What is this?" option much more often! Gee .. Very nice write-up! Especially since RSnake stopped writing ha.ckers.org, great and educational reports have been rather scattered (unless anyone knows some good blogs on that subject? hm, makes me wonder if the sla.ckers forum is still up ...). You conclude that these bugs are "subtle", but I don't quite agree. In some sense, ClickJacking is always "subtle"(vuln 2 and 3), and you can argue the same for any kind of side channel information leakage (vuln 1 and 2). Except that clickjacking is known for years now and should be considered serious like XSS. And the information leakage, well, it's IMO just not allowed to happen if you're a huge corporation implementing a worldwide single-sign-on identity service and many different types of web applications, while claiming to care about your user's privacy. It should be their number one priority and failing this means they're rolling out new features in a tempo that simply means they cannot hold true to claims about privacy. Somebody else mentioned the tone of this article. While I'm not a big fan of the "jerk" attitude either when it comes to security testing (mostly because usually the bigger the mouth, the less interesting their feats), a security vulnerability is still a coding mistake that always ends up inconveniencing or endangering the privacy of the userbase. And I think that should be said. Which the author did. But he also downplayed the bugs by calling them "subtle" and then immediately praising Google for how lucky we are that they fixed them so quickly ... maybe I just do prefer the jerks, after all. I agree that hellbanning on HN is completely out of control. I've seen people (that otherwise posted useful contributions, before and after) hellbanned for making a rather tasteless joke. The joke was sufficiently tasteless that I can totally see a moderator suspending or even banning that user. But not hellbanning. Not that it's strictly worse or anything, it's just so utterly useless and childish. This user had no idea that anything had happened, and he just kept posting for weeks . All that wasted time! And I'm fairly sure that if a moderator would have just told him "hey we'd rather not have people make jokes about dead children here" the guy would have replied "right, my bad that was out of line, won't happen again" cause the rest of his comments didn't seem very inflammatory or anything. Instead the guy gets no message at all and keeps on posting invisibly. A regular ban would have at least sent some message. ... and then there's these things I've heard about people getting temporary hellbans? So people can come back all butthurt after realizing they've been tricked into invisibly wasting their time? That's the dumbest kind of moderation I've ever heard about, really. A hellban should be forever, or not at all. There is no such thing as a "hell suspension". This article sounds like someone that doesn't understand trolls, trolling, or how to deal with them. Which is strange because he does mention the origins of trolling on Usenet in his footnote. Anyway, he's wrong on several accounts: > Trolling tends to be particularly bad in forums related to computers This really makes me wonder what other forums that aren't related to computers PG frequented, probably not very many. Let's see, there's forums related to wicca, libertarians (the nutty kind), religion/spirituality, failed startups, "magick", seduction, conspiracy freaks ... all those topics attract significantly more trolls than computer related forums. Both of the "broader" definition ("assholes") and the sports trolling type. > There's a sort of Gresham's Law of trolls: trolls are willing to use a forum with a lot of thoughtful people in it, but thoughtful people aren't willing to use a forum with a lot of trolls in it. This is just false. Of all the forums I've seen, the two most thoughtful and intelligent communities just happened to be largely made up of trolls and people very familiar with trolling. It's because they won't stand bullshit and call people on it. Regular forums or forums that can't really deal with trolls always tend to plateau on a certain level of intelligence and thoughtfulness, which can be high, but limited. This is not at all a rule btw, most trolls anyone is going to find will be forums filled with screaming kids, obscenities and bug porn. I just mean to say this "Gresham's Law" thing is false, sometimes the trolls are the thoughtful people and the ones that get driven away are good riddance. > and that includes me as far as needing to keep up with the news You don't actually "need" to keep up with the news. It's not a sin not to, nobody's forcing you, and if something really important happens, it'll filter down to you via your friends. I did this a decade ago and it was really refreshing. I did start following the news again at some point, but if you plan on just a month or two, there's nothing except a self-appointed "duty" why you "need" to keep up with the news. Not that following the news is a bad thing or anything (rather the contrary) and maybe it is the most important form of media consumption, but it's not that important either, especially if you got a reasonably active social life. The Google logo in that censored picture is offensive to me. Why do people always conveniently forget the other side of this equation? Yes, Google+ belongs to Google, so yes they can censor it however they want. But also: Google+'s users are individuals and they can disagree with these terms, they can complain about these terms, in fact they can do whatever they want : they can write Google about it, they can leave for another social network, they can build their own (but there's no law that says they have to), they can re-upload their photo as many times until they get banned, they can slightly tweak the photo until it's barely acceptable skating the boundaries until the ridiculousness of the rule becomes apparent, they can blog about their complaints, they can link that blog on HN and finally they can flip the bird to people that slavishly whine "obey or build your own site" because that is how you affect change, regardless of whatever "terms" the owner specifies. Those "terms", incidentally, don't mean a thing. They're only meaningful because Google enforces them. Conversely, if Google enforces something that is not part of their terms, you're just as "powerless" as when it is. So, basically, you're just counting on Google doing what's "right". In this sense it's "right" for Google to enforce only rules mentioned in their terms. But in that same sense, because there's no such thing as "kinda sort of right", those terms should also be reasonable, where "reasonable" is something that is agreed upon between Google and its users. If their terms aren't reasonable, they might as well just do with a blanket "Terms: Google does whatever it wants." (and nothing else). > Do you dislike it enough to join or start a competing service? That's really the only response that matters. No it's not. Why do you think the other response doesn't matter? That's silly, there's thousands of people reading it. And on HN that even includes people from Google! > Google doesn't have to justify how they run their site. They don't have to, but they should . After all, just what you say, people either use it or don't and if Google can't or won't justify their actions adequately, people may stop using it. Now for you, "adequate justification" obviously means nothing more than "it's in the terms". Which is absolutely fine and I must commend you for so courageously demonstrating your utter lack of spine which not only makes you inferior as an individual, but also negatively impacts those around you. BY READING THIS POST YOU AGREE WITH MY TERMS (OTHERWISE GO AWAY AND WRITE YOUR OWN POST): My terms are that you will accept whatever is written in this post, with the typical sort of submissive sigh that you invariably utter when life takes yet another dump on you, believing that there's nothing you can do but sigh , accept it and move on. > I have a right (in the USA) to say whatever I want (barring clear and present danger). Of course you do. You also have habeas corpus , human rights, legal certainty, a constitution, separation of church and state, a functioning healthcare system, and other such wonderful notions of Western civilisation. Must be. Says right here in the USA™ Terms that you can't claim otherwise and if you don't pretend hard enough, the upside-down people will come and take away your Values in the night, like they did with Curly. Only if they registered their domain with GoDaddy. > "D'Aloisio is by no means a typical teenager - he is polite, highly motivated and enthusiastic." > Wow, wonder how many other groups they'd be able to get away with stereotyping like that. Here on HN, try "Redditor" ;-) Heh. They should have asked him what "ontological detection" means. https://www.google.com/search?q=%22ontological+detection%22+... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontology_(information_science) There's no way he fit a useful semantic network in an iPhone app, and I doubt he interfaces with an external one such as OpenCyc, or in fact uses any kind of automated reasoning that can sort of be classified as "ontological". It's VERY impressive for his age (even if it doesn't actually work that well outside the demo/testcases, according to a commenter below), but more general terms such as "it uses Computational Linguistics" would sound just as impressive and are actually descriptive instead of meaningless buzzwords. > this would be perceived as corporate blackmail, an attempted takeover of the democratic process by industry. In that sense, any industry going on strike could be perceived in the same way. Any idea how elitist this sounds? It's not at all "just like" an article about Dijkstra, Ruby on Rails or mathematics or whatever. Usually such articles are praised on how well-written they are, even allowing for people not familiar with the background getting the gist, somewhat. > Or do people seeing stuff like "^[ab](foo)^[k])/i complain that: > "that pretty much explains why people have a hard time "getting" computer science theory. Gibberish.Goobeltygook$"? > There a logic behind regular expressions, and there's a logic behind chord/interval notation. And the second is a lot easier, too, and it's used because it's succint and it works. That's a very good example, because IMO it demonstrates my point. If anyone would have written an article like that about regular expressions, written in the same way, with: Regexes peppered inline throughout each sentence, repeatedly mentioning how this is probably the most basic stuff ever--up to the point of actually apologizing for stooping down to the level of what must probably be "regex theory 101". Then someone would have remarked "that pretty much explains why people have a hard time 'getting' regular expressions. Gibberish. Goobeltygook", then nobody would have disagreed with them. Because everybody knows that a badly written article about regexes very quickly becomes to look like unreadable gibberish. And in case you didn't catch that, this article actually apologizes for "probably being jazz theory 101". What? Have you ever seen a comp.sci/math article being apologetic about saying "I know this is probably graph theory 101, but we define a graph as an ordered pair G = (V, E) comprising a set V of vertices or nodes together with a set E of edges or lines ..." Of course not! It is considered good style to repeat the basics, and in fact IMO, I consider it bad style to be apologetic about it (because it's condescending to that part of your audience that made good use of the quick refresher). Everybody knows that regexes can quickly look like unreadable gooblygook, even if you're familiar with them, and any article that wants to discuss something fundamental about regexes, is going to have to take some special care to not make it look as such. In some sense, same goes for set theory or mathematical formulae in general. That still doesn't mean the hypothetical regex article would be so much clearer to the layman, but it would seem much more approachable , in some sense. I thought I knew some very rudimentary things about music theory, but apparently not enough to make the leap to "get" and string together what this guy is talking about in pure jargon (and believe me I spent more than the "10 minutes" everybody says it would take). To me, that tells me the article is simply badly written. A similar exposition about monads in functional programming, is more like what I'd expect in a 1-on-1 comment thread (when it's perfectly ok to use as much jargon to succinctly get your point across) than a blog article intended for the general public (when regardless how obvious or simple, it always pays to step down and explain from basics, even if only to reinforce the audience that already knows them you're talking about the same things). In fact, the only other computer science topic I've seen this sort of attitude, is the security/exploit/disclosure/hacking scene. That's where people routinely bash on eachother for repeating the basics and that "this is nothing new" because hacker X already did sploit Y in 2005 which was kinda similar (regardless that writing/warning about it again is a good thing). You're right. I shouldn't have attacked your blog article like that, and I apologize. I maintain, however, that people without sufficient background in music theory have a right to complain (on HN, not on your blog) it's quite incomprehensible. And that it could have been written to better accommodate for that. Not that you have any obligation to, as you said it's a personal blog post where you can write whatever you want, however you want :) Though personally, if you would put in a few links to some simple introductory articles--maybe the other commenters were right and it just takes 10 mins of reading the right definitions of notation, maybe I just read the wrong things before or forgot the important parts--that would have definitely triggered me to explore some more of the subject matter, and you can't disagree that would have been a good thing ;-) A few people in this thread mentioned that the notation used in this article is in fact quite simple and could be learned in 10 minutes or so. Personally I find the article quite incomprehensible, and I thought I knew a littlebit about music theory :) Just a tiny bit, however, and I don't even play an instrument--I always found it very hard to even just make a passable tune on a tracker/software synthesizer. Even though I love music and spent a lot of times creating mixes and mash-ups in software such as Ableton Live and Traktor (which were pretty good according to those who heard them both on and off the dance floor), as well as coding software synthesizers, instruments and sound effects (which were also pretty good according to my rankings in 4k demo-competitions over 10 years ago). I wonder, can anybody perhaps provide a couple of links to some good introductory articles that would tell me about how to interpret the things discussed in this article? (I'm willing to spend more than just 10 minutes on them, btw ;-) ) Umm, pretending it's not there doesn't make it go away. That doesn't work in "democratic countries" either. Turn off your stylesheets and scroll down (the TOC links don't seem to work anymore when you do that). PG might want to add the text "(not shown)" to the user profile template. I think this is mainly a USA thing. I've practiced Yoga for years in the Netherlands, and if anything, it is about not straining yourself, or if you do stretch something, to only stretch it when you can be completely feeling and aware of the thing you're stretching. You need that awareness first and foremost , and then the posture. It's incredibly hard, nearly impossible, to feel and be aware in a body part when it's in pain from overstretching or tension. Consciousness doesn't like to go there, as long as the nerves are occupied with sending pain signals, they're not doing much feeling. If you ignore or block the pain you're not being aware, but if you do, the pain is "louder" than anything else, so you're still not getting much. It's stupid and useless. The goal should be the awareness, so you're much better off doing simple postures, or simplified versions of complex postures, or just see how far you can go while still being comfortable and aware . If you practice it this way, you'll know when you're going too far, because your awareness will fade (you'll often just realize it in hindsight, though, in the moment, you're not aware that you're not aware, just like Dunning-Kruger) and if you don't, that's what the teacher is for. S/he will pay attention to the students and notice when they're more involved with doing a posture than with paying attention to what all there is to feel inside their bodies. I just can't get my head around this, to get all the benefits of Yoga, you can just stick to the simplest postures and do them a lot (unless you're injured in which case you do them even simpler, the Sawasana is just lying down flat on your back, so there's always that one). If you try postures that are too complicated or straining for your body-flexibility, you'll get nothing! Except injury! It's just stupid, these supposed "experienced" Yoga practitioners, "advancing" to more and more complicated postures, I suppose every time they feel "comfortable" in some posture they move on to something new! They're missing the whole point! Feeling comfortable? Good. Everything you did before was not Yoga, but warming-up and stretch exercises. It's Yoga when you can relax in a posture, without strain, without pain. And if there's some posture for which that seems impossible to you, do a different one. It's okay, they're not "better" than the ones you're comfortable in. > There's research that shows that in certain situations, the first mentioned number acts as a strong anchor. So you might want to be the first. I believe I read the same research (Robert Cialdini? though he might have been citing other people's work). The effect is certainly real, but the keyword here is "certain situations", I don't quite recall this research to include salary negotiations among these certain situations. Though I'd love to be proven wrong, do you have a citation? But let's say it works (I could easily be wrong on the above), this number anchoring effect also works when the number mentioned is not strictly related to the quantity you're trying to make higher (or lower) in the response. So you could passingly mention an hourly rate (or yearly income) of an unrelated profession, or even something like "activity/service X costs 90k yearly". In this case you can also safely name a much higher number than you're aiming for (as long as it's on the same order of magnitude, I suppose), which was shown to strengthen the anchoring effect. That way, you're still framing the "bigness" but without mentioning a possible salary first. So you get to have your cake and eat it too. Every time I give it another try, so far, it's been missing about half the songs I'd like to listen to. Additionally, on my last tryout, they required a Facebook ID for the free demo--not having Facebook, that's where the experiment ended. Yes, but did you read the article? The cool thing is if you feed the arithmetic encoding with uniform random bits/numbers, you'll get a random sampling of the distribution it models. Maybe it's obvious to others but it was a clever reversal idea that made me go "huh!" :-) This looks really nice and I'd be eager to give it a real try for whatever I can up with ... If only the UI wasn't so sluggish. I tried both Opera and Firefox, so I guess it's just the fact that I'm on a relatively low-powered machine (netbook, 1.6GHz, 1GB RAM) but frankly I don't see it doing much that should be so slow. Now GMail can be similarly sluggish, but GMail doesn't require me to drag boxes around at 2-3 frames per second. Even the highlight-on-mouseover effect has a delay before it happens, and there is no excuse for that since it should not take any time unless you're doing all sorts of things between mouseover and setting the highlight. Switching that around would already make the UI feel so much more responsive: Always indicate responsiveness feedback first before you make the user wait for anything else. I can think of some things that might be causing this. Maybe there's zillions of JS events that are listened for and being triggered even when they don't effectively do anything in that particular app state. Partially, it's because at some points the responsiveness feedback vs waiting for something being done is the wrong way around for providing a snappy UI feel. And when I drag a card around, it gets CSS transform rotated, and a rather big drop shadow. All sorts of other UI elements have subtle shadows and glows and I bet they're all done in CSS. It definitely looks nice, no argument about that, but if you're going for a really simple but super-useful tool, you shouldn't be sacrificing usability for eyecandy. Especially the card box dropshadow, if you're going to animate it, don't do it in CSS , use a semi-transparent PNG instead. Yes CSS3 is very nice, but you do realize that the browser is (inefficiently) recalculating the gaussian shadow blur every frame? Maybe the easiest thing would be to have an option in the preferences to switch off the "special effects" so that everything is just plain CSS boxes with borders (that can increase in thickness on mouseover, instead of increasing their box-shadow blur radius ...), that don't need to slightly rotate when you drag them. Or maybe you could consider what it means to build a really simple, powerful web application that is an absolute pleasure to use, and whether that really requires using the latest CPU-heavy special effects and animating them. Not living to (say) 150 is humanity's greatest problem?? And you're serious?? Ever stop to think of world hunger? Malnutrition still is the global leading cause of mortality in the world. And you're arguing to crowdsource a solution to aging which is supposedly "humanity's greatest problem" because us first-worlders can't live to 150, because having their genes fortified (or whatever) most certainly is not going to do much good for those that simply can't get enough nutrients. This is only a problem to that tiny privileged part of humanity that has no worries whatsoever about the two lowest levels of the Hierarchy of Needs. And you must be well aware which side of the fence you're on, how many there are suffering on the other side, and you have the gall to pose THIS as humanity 's greatest problem? No. I don't easily use a "but the starving kids in Africa have it so much worse" argument, except in this case it's directly relevant. And don't get me wrong, I'm not against longevity research, cancer research or any kind of medical advances but at least they don't fucking claim they're solving a greater problem than fucking World Hunger. Maybe this is a really stupid question, but wasn't Diaspora supposed to be decentralized? In the sense that anybody could set up their own hub? (so people would not have to accept features pushed by some big corporation and things like that) Then what is this whole database backend for? Is it like the "main" Diaspora hub? And could anyone set up their own secondary one? Would they run into the same difficulties they're trying to solve here? Though I get the feeling I'm probably misunderstanding the entire Diaspora project, here. Okay, then I did understand it correctly (phew!). But doesn't that mean that the problems the Diaspora team has to solve now will also pop up for other hubs as they grow in scale? Or is the solution to create loads of smaller hubs and have them communicate? Then why don't they do that? Coming from a Google IP isn't the biggest clue (though the second one from India seems pretty damning), they also say they work for Google and then try to sell those businesses websites from Google. If it was some other entity, why'd they sell Google-built websites? > It's a necessary logical consequence of the idea that people who are free to choose, will make the choice that serves their own needs better. If we can assume that, it all follows automatically. I could assume that, but I couldn't keep a straight face while doing it! :-D What planet are you from? This one we call "Earth" is inhabited by monkeys that habitually make irrational choices that are not the best or even harmful to themselves and others around them. Rational free market forces are a fairytale, I can't believe you seriously made that argument. It's just as "out there" as the pacifist idea that if only we'd all be nice to each other we'd have world peace, or the anarchist idea that if only we'd just all work together, we wouldn't need government. Did you know Santa's not real either? That still doesn't make sense. The only thing the scammers did with those IPs seems to have been searching the Mocality database. The only reason why those IPs even got exposed is because of the thorough investigation Mocality has made (or, claims to have made): After the first wave of confused calls by their customers, they cross-checked their logs and found one IP with an uncommon UA accessing all these records, then they served a fake phone number to that IP and confirmed that whoever was making these fraudulent calls was indeed operating from that IP and claiming to be Google in cooperation with Mocality. Now it could be that these are scammers that found a clever way to proxy through Google on the off-chance that Mocality would do this investigation and evidence would continue to point to Google? Ok I get "pretending to be someone else" is scamming 101, but "pretending to be someone else when the person you're pretending to be cooperating with finds out about and the scam is pretty much exposed" it just sounds like an incredible amount of trouble for an eventuality that is very unlikely and even then it doesn't seem to help much? "No, let's somehow proxy through Google so that if Mocality becomes suspicious and tracks us they'll think it's Google and the whole Internet will get confused and the people of HN will get into arguments ... mwuahahahaha ... excellent ..." Can't you see, this is what Google wants us to think! ;-) Following the same reasoning we shouldn't laud Google for all the great stuff they did either, like GMail, Search, etc. Sorry it's one or the other. I know I like to say, we're IT and if anything goes wrong it's not our fault, but if anything goes extremely well, we'll take the credit--but then I know I'm being facetious :) It went on for months , even if they outsourced a team that just happened to interpret its orders "creatively", having such a scam operate under your watch, while you're paying them, is--to put it mildy--quite the oversight. Except it went on for months , even if they outsourced a team that just happened to interpret its orders "creatively", having such a scam operate under your watch, while you're paying them, is--to put it mildy--quite the oversight. That would explain a lot, indeed. That makes sense, thanks! I'll also continue being angry until they come up with a better response than a half-assed paragraph on a social network by some guy that doesn't even bother introducing himself or his function within Google. Who is this guy now? I keep seeing announcement posted on Google Plus by people speaking for Google, but they never bother to mention as much as their function or position within Google. They ought to start of with "Hi I'm XYZ, lead PQR coordinator of Google ABC." or something. At least this time it says "google" if you mouseover his photo, the last one didn't even that. Also implying that the "tech power players" are not media companies is silly. Further down in the comments they try to save themselves by saying "Of course we didn't look at it, it's just that the pic was called cat.jpg". So, no, I don't believe them at all when they say they did never look at the file. They say--with confidence --it was a picture of a cat. Sorry but going from "cat.jpg" to such a conclusion is IMO quite a leap. It's just three letters, it could be a CAT scan, a screenshot of the Linux `cat` command, three DNA nucleotides, a picture of a tiger, something else named "cat" or something related to but not involving cats. I don't know if I see a filename like that I'd say "It was called 'cat.jpg', so probably a picture of someone's cat." because it can be anything that somebody named "cat.jpg" for any number of reasons and I won't know for sure until I looked at it. And even then, just them looking at the filenames is not right. Of course I understand that if it was `company-passwords.xls` or something more sensitive, they wouldn't have said anything. But already before they could judge whether the filename was sensitive or not, there really is no reason for why they needed to be looking at filenames in the first place! Sure some admin can always go in as root and look at everything, but you don't need to tie the proverbial cat to the bacon, by putting the filenames right up someone's face who really has no business looking at them since they're just collecting statistics. ⊗ Just happened across this, it is a very complete reference/specification of the latest version of ECMAScript (which most of us here probably use in the form of Javascript). It doesn't include the Document/DOM methods that are present in browser Javascript, because ECMAScript is the general "core" language that Javascript is based upon. Adding DOM methods and `document` and `window` objects to ECMAScript is basically* what turns it into browser Javascript and not, say, ActionScript or Node.js. It does provide detailed descriptions and specifications of the new properties and methods in ES5, such as `Array.forEach` and `Function.apply` and such. And in case you were wondering what's the new features in ES5, there's an overview of that in this article: (which is where I got the OP link in the first place) http://dev.opera.com/articles/view/introducing-ecmascript-5-... ES5 is currently supported by all major browsers: Opera 11.60, Internet Explorer 9, Firefox 4, Safari 5.1 and Chrome 13. With some minor caveats for IE9 and Safari, see the article for details. > The point is people who have good intentions can be reasoned with. The Cold War didn't end with bombs it ended with talk. Because the intentions were good on both sides. It ended with the economic decline and political collapse of the Soviet Union. If Hollywood wants to talk during its economic decline, have at it. I don't think anybody was actually suggesting killing it off by bombing it, but rather through economic and market pressure. But I want all data to be locked down at all times unless I want to use it, in which case it should be free. Yeah great that he's okay with us poking at code that is being downloaded interpreted and run on our own machines(!) j/k ;-) Wow, "funny" how we heard nothing about this in NL. > On HN you'll find people who are still somehow shocked that you can't out-of-the-box sideload a bootloader onto an iPhone (or whatever). Not "shocked", but pissed off and outraged. I really hate this default "I can't believe you're surprised that ..." response whenever someone brings something to their attention that worries or angers them. It's even on Cracked.com's list of most stupid Internet reactions: http://www.cracked.com/blog/the-6-stupidest-internet-reactio... Any reason why I should use this instead of the (very simple to implement, very good avalanche behaviour) FNV hash? BREAKING! "Same group of people again proves willing to go on public record to agree on position they've already agreed with on public record in the past" "Astronaut, CEO, ex-US Senator, Chemist, Cardiologist, former Exxon Manager of Strategic Planning, Electrical Engineer and Rocket Scientist remain unconvinced by Climatologist Research on Climate" [1] in other news, - - - - - - - - http://online.wsj.com/article/plumber-discovers-higgs-boson.... -- HONORARY PLUMBER DISCOVERS HIGGS BOSON "When the LHC folks called me in to fix their toilets, I knew it wasn't something ordinary clogging their pipes. So I got to work, and there it was, hiding in the drains" , tells the plumber, honorary member of the New York-based Royal American-Italian Society for Interdimensional Drainage and Fungal Kingdoms. Recently, the Society has come under fire by animal-rights group PETA for allegedly wearing raccoon fur-suits[2]. "These guys never give up, do they? You accidentally step on a turtle once, and they'll hound you forever." - - - - - - - - [1] As wel as 2 or 3 people who's credentials I've been completely unable to verify except for being a "honorary" or "life" member or fellow of some (always US industry funded) scientific foundation or other and having worked closely with ExxonMobile in the past. BTW weird how it's always ExxonMobile, not other oil corporations such as Royal Dutch Shell or BP, anyone know why it's specifically Exxon being involved with all the climate research? [2] True story: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/11/15/peta-super-mario-ta... While that's a good thing and indeed hopefully they won't, it would be even better if the Dutch public heard about it, so they'd know which politicians are responsible for not signing it and deserve their support. Or, if things go bad, which politician budged in the end. Bringing the matter into public eye might make them less likely to do that. Symmetric keys?? Which part of "not suitable for cryptographic purposes" did you not understand? Neither FNV, Jenkins, Murmur nor this new City Hash are supposed to be used for cryptography. Besides, the way one generally requires hash functions in cryptography, performance is the least of your worries (unless you're trying to crack), so there's no reason whatsoever not to go with a proper cryptographically strong hash such as SHA256. That said, Jenkins has worse avalanche behaviour than FNV--though I'm sure with a few tweaks that could be fixed, non-crypto hash functions aren't exactly rocket science (check out where FNV's constants came from)--but as it is, Jenkins is more of an academic example. Spooky (also developed by Bob Jenkins) seems better. Oddly enough Spooky claims 3 bytes per cycle, but the author cannot confirm CityHash's 6 bytes per cycle ( http://burtleburtle.net/bob/hash/spooky.html ). Though whatever it is, both are obviously blazingly fast, picking one over the other because of performance reasons should only be done once you've established that the speed of the hashing function is indeed a bottleneck, and you can compare the performance on the specific hardware it's supposed to run on. Link? Of course you're allowed to your opinion. It's just that people tend to downvote the really unintelligent ones that don't actually add to the discussion a lot. I'm sure that if you'd have given arguments for your statement instead of wording it as a brainless and inflammatory one-liner, people might have given you the same courtesy instead of immediately reaching for the downvote button. And in my opinion, that's a good thing. When there are no arguments, not even a statement of what exactly your point is, inviting discussion and what you say happens to be exceptionally uninformed and moronic, then yes, have at it with the downvotes because I don't need to read it. If the opinion would have any value whatsoever , somebody else is going to make it in an informed manner and back it with arguments. > The key seems to be, in order to be high on the list do not have protests and uprisings in your country. FWIW: Let's assume, for the sake of argument you intended to say " violent protests" (regardless which side to blame for the violence, gov or protestors) as otherwise your statement is simply factually incorrect and any discussion may as well end here. Assuming that, you're (deliberately?) confusing cause and effect: Being high on the list gives rise to less (violent) protests and uprisings in your country. And suddenly, given that people value freedom as one of the highest things, and will go through great lengths to achieve it, that makes perfect sense. > Explaining why the methodology used by the "press freedom index" is solid instead of making ad-hominem attacks would go a lot further in winning people over. Why, do you find its methodology hard to understand? I'll keep that in mind when evaluating the merit of your comments elsewhere in this thread ... "does not actually understand the methodology used in the article". Talk about quality of discussion, indeed! > If cops somewhere else are cracking the heads of reporters (vs. participants), I'm not aware of it. Cracking the heads of participants is perfectly fine then? Classy. While that looks really pretty, it's not really useful. This could have been a great article if they hadn't just gone for the easy eye candy but instead actually discuss the fonts in question? - name of the font - style of the font (sans, slab-serif, etc) - who made the font, what style is it based on, what was the designer's purpose/goal with this font - what does the author of the article think the font is good for - how complete is the font, what characters does it support, quite a few of them don't even have most of the basic symbols from lower ASCII, that's pretty important to be aware of or you get unpleasant surprises long after the design is done - how well is the font kerned? this is probably the worst omission, because the OP is actively misleading on this front, look at the source code and notice the special "kern" classes--and just stop right there and close the tab. Manual kerning, really? Having to do that before a font looks good pretty much excludes it from any serious consideration for usage as a web font. Utterly worthless! Imagine explaining to a client you designed a website for, that if they need to add new content to the CMS, they must manually kern the headlines! ... errr ... manually do the whut now? I tried a few sessions of bio-feedback but quit because I got frustrated by it and not being worth the time and money. During the intake the therapist described Ritalin as "poison". I should have probably gotten up and left right there. If you have the opinion that Ritalin is overprescribed, or that it should not be given to small children, that's all fine with me. But "poison" has a pretty clear definition, you'll find that whenever someone refers to a drug as "poison", you're dealing with pseudo-scientific quackery. What made me quit was mostly that I couldn't find any correlation between the signals received from the electrodes and my own state of consciousness, be it more relaxed or more concentrated or alpha/beta waved, whatever. When I watched the graphs on the monitor, I noticed a few things. There is a LOT of noise. If I'd clench my jaw, move a muscle in my neck, my ears, whatever, it'd cause an avalanche of noise, completely drowning out any possible brain signal. Ok so you sit still, you're meant to focus or relax anyhow. Except that muscles just seem to generate a whole lot more electrical signal than your brain, and every time I even blinked my eye there was a burst of noise (probably also because the eye muscle is relatively close to the electrodes). The software did nothing to filter out these noise-bursts, even though it'd have been trivial to make at least a basic attempt that would throw away the data during a burst so the other filters wouldn't trigger. Ah, the other filters. Well, it quickly became clear I knew a lot more about DSP than this guy. He had no idea how his device operated, at least not how the signals were transformed into whatever was displayed on the screen. There's not really an excuse for this. Sure enough a surgeon might not know about the algorithms used to convert an MRI scan into a picture, but the radiologist does (at least, on some level), which is why we have radiologists. So you know about these alpha/beta/theta/gamma brain waves right? They're at 12/10/7/3 Hz frequencies or something like that. Now I always had the idea that by this they meant some fundamental Eigen-frequency of signals in the brain, so you'd think to apply some auto-correlation to determine the base frequency and its harmonics. But instead he had a bunch of bandpass filters running concurrently being graphed through some ancient MS-DOS program with obvious leakage from one band to another and we were looking at the raw filtered signal, not even its energy and as I said there was no noise suppression. I'd have loved to take that device home, write some code for it and see what it could detect though. Hell, even detecting muscle movements is already way cool :) Anyway, no correspondence between my state of focus or relaxation. Staring at a computer screen (with a game, usually one frequency band was used to control a game of some sort) for 1-2 hours per week, actively trying to relax or focus would definitely have a result of course. Which is why I'm doing a universal yoga meditation class. Dunno if it helps with the ADD, but it can't hurt and it definitely has some other advantages (notably: posture and stress/tension). One thing I do notice, yoga works best if I haven't taken meds that day. You'd think it improves focus, but this yoga class is mainly being able to really feel your whole body and muscles should not be tense for that, but on meds I find I get way more fidgety and subconsciously re-tense every muscle I relax as my focus shifts to the next part of my body. Fortunately, noticing and being aware of such subtle effects in your body is exactly what the class it about :-) I dunno, did you read the OP? Maybe Krugman has a fair point if we were "merely" talking about severely underpaid workers making way too many hours[1], but it doesn't explain this: > The account of how Apple's factories substituted n-hexane, a neurotoxin with well-documented long term adverse health effects, for alcohol to wipe those shining screens clean, gaining a miniscule advantage in drying time but exposing workers to a lifetime of disablement [1] a fair point, which I will consider as soon as such a situation actually presents itself in reality. I bet it will be a factory that manufactures containers for thermodynamically closed systems, which are to be sold on a free market to rational agents. Now clap your hands. > The younger generation is already accepting the idea of unforgettability Really? I work with kids and that's not really my experience. One of them told me what one of their friends posted on Twitter, which I won't repeat here, but shows that they really, really have no idea. > Where did they get the pictured Homeland Security report if HS "declined to comment"? Good point. Though fabricating imagery like that is so much par for the course for Sun that it doesn't tell much about the truthfulness of the rest of the story. Similarly, that photo isn't necessarily them either. And perhaps neither their names ... You know maybe you're right :-) As a story though, it's completely plausible. In most countries customs you can get in serious trouble for joking about bombs. Adjust that for America's larger-than-life paranoia culture and tweeting about "destroying America" (not even a real threat) is a perfectly logical thing for them to get all worked up about. I think it's important to respect people's cultural norms, even if we do not understand them. Just like you wouldn't order a glass of milk during an Italian business lunch. (They get seriously offended if you do that and no I don't know why) I get you. I used to think it's boring too. No wait, I still think it's boring. I mean, you're just standing/sitting there, pumping weights going through the repetitive movements. It's absolutely mindnumbing, boring, and you can't help but going through every single other thing you'd rather be doing with your time. Right? My solution is audiobooks . I usually pick a book that's already a favourite, that I've read once or twice (because it's different than reading, if your attention drifts for a moment, you miss a bit--so pick a book you already know but enjoy re-reading so you don't have to rewind all the time). Also get some good earphones because sometimes the music in the gym can be loud. For running I have those things that clip behind your ear, but in the gym those plugs that actually go in your ear might be best for shutting out the music (get cheap ones from a dollar store/K-mart type of place, you're not getting them for sound quality and I wouldn't spend much on something that's going to get crudded with earwax real quick). You can also try podcasts. I find that because they're usually in a bit more loose/radio DJ/interview style, it's no problem if you miss the occasional bit, because people talk quite redundantly in general, unlike a book where every sentence counts. I agree about the other stuff but > - Mobile operator fees are unregulated an artificially kept way too high. What do you think OPTA does? There's been several cases in fact where operators (both mobile and otherwise, iirc) were caught price-fixing. It's a few years ago, but at least something is in place. Maybe it doesn't work as well as it should though, is that what you meant? I'd be interested to hear. > Does nobody remember Carnivore? Imagine what has been developed since then. I believe it got bought by Facebook. > What's to stop someone from making an account under my name? Absolutely nothing! But, if you got nothing to fear, you got nothing to hide ... er, ... or something to that effect. Because if you got nothing to hide, you got nothing to fear! Yay! > Not sure if there are non routeable physical addresses. Santa Claus, North Pole, Snow Street 1 Sherlock Holmes, London, 221B Baker Street (is a small museum afaik) Oh, not small then? :) Some many years ago I decided I should learn a new scripting language because PHP wasn't general-purpose enough. I decided it would be either Python, Ruby or Perl. For some reason Perl was dropped early, I forget why (don't worry I learned some Perl later). So I started Googling for Python vs Ruby. After checking some language basics tutorials, I decided that really, for my purposes they were about equivalent in power (didn't know much about library support yet). The one thing that pushed me towards Python was that most articles I could find comparing Ruby and Python were written by a happy user of one of these languages. However, all Python users wrote something like "I guess you can do everything in either of them, it's just a matter of preference and I happen to have picked Python", while the Ruby users tended to be somewhat more flaming and arrogant about it, especially in the comments sections. In the end I went with Python because the community seemed more friendly. However, I stayed for the library support. Especially after that one time I installed pyTwitter and I could just do `import twitter`, I was pretty impressed by that (I assume Ruby has an excellent Twitter lib too, btw). Also, just a little disclaimer: This was a couple of years back (I forget how many, 5 or so) maybe the Ruby community changed, and it's also totally possible that I just happened to land on a rather "particular" region of the Ruby blogosphere, so take this cum grano salis . I had to make a choice and was about this close to just flipping a coin over it :) Downvoted for enjoying yourself. Mainly that you don't need to set them up. I have set up loads of custom searches in Opera (which was the first to have this functionality, years ago), but there are always search engines you hadn't thought of. Looking at the !bang help page for DDG, I discovered HN Search, for instance, which I did not know of before. Knowing this, I could of course set it up as my own custom search, but `!hn whatever` is easy enough that I haven't felt the need yet. Additionally, dunno if Chrome or FF do this, but in Opera if you select text and right-click it you can search it with a custom search engine. It's in a submenu of the context menu, and it's nice to not have it too cluttered :) One additional trick with custom searches in the browser, is to key Google's "Feeling Lucky" to `go` (just append `&btnI=yes` to the search URL) and DDG's equivalent feature to `dd` (prepending `!+` to the query, that's a bang and an encoded space btw). Super useful if you know your first hit is going to be what you want anyway. For some reason, Google occasionally gives you the result pages anyway instead of redirecting you, btw. Didn't use to, but they changed something I guess. Afaik they allow many different kinds of bike lights in NL, even the kinds you just clip on your clothing are enough to prevent a ticket--as bike lights are mandatory in NL. But as they didn't develop a (red) rear light, it's not really a complete solution for Dutch bikes. I agree. That was really interesting. I might not have understood half of it, but enough to get the general gist and it's really cool to read about advanced solutions like this. And indeed you might want to consider reposting that explanation on your or your company's blog--just for showing off ;-) I think what he means is that if you take the entire article as a bag-of-words model, the general topic of the article will be a stronger signal than the position the article takes with respect to the subject. The latter is a lot harder to extract from a bag-of-words. In fact the only thing I can imagine is if an article uses a lot of euphemisms or negative synonyms of a topic. So you get the factual reporting articles regardless of left/right bias. With the more polemic hyperbole using articles, it will filter a bit more of the angle you disagree with, which adds some bias, but it also good for your blood pressure and a polemic article you disagree with is not going to make your view more balanced either. > By filtering out stuff, you'll never expose yourself to things outside your "pattern". What makes you think that a Naive Bayes classifier will automatically put all unseen/unexpected/surprising data in just one of two categories? Indeed, to the classifier it's just two categories, it doesn't "know" what's "in" or "out". In fact it is much more likely that the classifier will sort of distribute the data that is unexpected (read: doesn't contain many features that are trained on) rather evenly among the two categories based on other features. Which is exactly what you would want it to do. The author also said he plotted the precision-recall curves? (too bad he just showed a screenshot with the numbers instead of the graphs) That sort of analysis is bound to bring out such behaviour. Yeah! Let's use the flag of Shetland so ... people won't confuse our logo with .. a flag? Um? Granted they didn't pick the flag of big country like Sweden or anything, and if Shetland, Calais and Pärnu, Estonia, as well as Iceland in the past, were already using it, why couldn't Microsoft? On a more serious note, there's lots of valid criticism on this logo, the TM and (R) are clutter, their "Metro style" is not supposed to have perspective, and the font isn't particularly anything either. But then, it's not my logo :) IT'S NOT A FLAG It's the flag of Shetland, Calais, a historical flag of Iceland and some place in Estonia, but the Greek flag looks different. Assuming that your law enforcement's usage of drones will be "dealt with separately" (quite an assumption if you ask me--they're already doing it), you can bet there'll be some loophole so they can gather data from commercial drones. If not by straight out hiring them, they will just subpoena for their data. "Standard"? Isn't it called "imperial"? It's not standard if there's only one industrialized country left in the world that uses it :) ...software engineers pound away at source code for the 12th straight hour ... + ...34 hours to go... = ..to present a functioning Android mobile application in 48 hours... Huh?? ...I’m leading one of the teams... ...We were vying to be one of six “idea generators.”... ...people with ideas for apps (regardless of experience or qualifications)... Oh. > However, when I say that I want a program to start up fast, I mean that I want it to start being useful fast. Quite a few of author's ideas are not about bootstrapping gradually, they're about faking it. But quite a few of those ideas are useful. The only ones I thought were a bit out-there were the ones about "just processing it in the cloud" while the local copy is still loading. But other HNers are probably more qualified to judge how realistic this is. What is a possibility, however, during loading a lot of time is spent on loading all sorts of modules, ones that might not even be used that session, and most definitely not in the first few minutes. Because what is the user going to do first? Most likely it'll be `File > Open ...` and browsing through the filesystem looking for whatever project they intend to open. You don't need any plugins for that. And it's exactly the type of task that spends relatively a lot of time waiting for user input and not so much time computing or loading things. During this task the app can continue loading modules and plugins and the user doesn't have to wait because they're selecting a file. You probably need to disable (most of) the instant preview in the file open dialog until it's done loading, but that's a minor trade-off. Of course you're loading the modules necessary for opening files first (most recently used filetypes first). When that's done the dialog can start showing previews. If the user happens to have found and selected their file before it's done, then, only then they'll have to wait. Now you're loading the file and it's showing on the screen, the user can browse the layers a bit and ponder where exactly they left off last time. A wonderful time to load the rest of the modules! Of course the features used in this project will be loaded first. If there's no text layers, we can put off loading font-rendering support in favour of other modules. It's not all load-on-demand, but a lot of user tasks are not as processor- or data-intensive as you'd think, because the user is busy thinking and as long as the UI is responsive enough they're happy. UK friend of mine told me he's a big fan of kilometers, "because you got more of them" :-D Engineers also write j when they mean i so what do they know, really! Yandex is pretty good for generic search btw, even if you're not in Russia. They even got image search. Also, a HN-familiar orange colour scheme ;-) This is absolutely true. Some keynote speakers just speak rather slowly, or repeat themselves and you can easily get away with 1.3x speed. Even though it sounds funny. I really wish there would be some sort of plugin that could select an even higher speed for silent/quiet parts. I figured "how hard could it be" (having some experience writing tiny softsynths in the past I wouldn't even mind writing a low quality pitch-preserving resample filter) but digging into it, coding a plugin for VLC is pretty arcane. At least, I couldn't figure it out without having to dig into all sorts of audio/video decoding issues I didn't really want to get in to. If anyone has any tips it would be greatly appreciated. I cannot promise I'll manage to code that particular filter but at least I can have some fun writing crazy VLC filter effects :) So Facebook uses the exact same trick. They could have just omitted the P3P header completely, but no they must and shall have 3rd party cookies so they respond with an invalid P3P header, just like Google. The fact that the invalid P3P header contains the string "We don't support P3P and here's why" is a red herring: The only reason why they would place a statement regarding their non-support in the very header that they claim not to support, is to circumvent IE-users' privacy policy. It's very disingenuous. If you don't support it, leave out the header, if you want to make a statement that says "We don't support the P3P header", don't put it in a place that really says "We disagree with the P3P header and believe in circumventing it. Read why here: http://xyz" If FB or Google's headers had said that, at least it wouldn't have been as disingenious. Saying you don't support P3P--oops! and by saying that we broke it! whoops! It's a bit like placing a sticker "WE DONT SUPPORT READING THE LEFT HALF OF A SIGNPOST" over the left half of a "NO ENTRY" sign. Childish. It would be interesting if we could see that list of other 500 companies. Because "there's 498 others that do it too" has a very different implication depending on what sort of company Google and Facebook find themselves in by acting in such a childish manner. It is. FB too. They've done it to themselves (in more important cases than this P3P stuff btw). And that doesn't make it right, at all. True, but apparent "not including the header" gives you strict privacy controls, while "including an invalid header" will set them wide open. That is a bit strange behaviour on IE's side as well. This is so awesome. Super simple idea but I'm already grinning like a maniac coming up with ideas of what to use it for Heute die Welt, Morgens das Sonnensystem! Does it have to be so slow? In that sense NO ENTRY signs are also broken. And so is the robots.txt protocol. Why, did someone tattoo it onto their servers? It's a crappy protocol, I agree. I don't see how that's relevant though. > The official title of the article is "How to Remove Your Google Search History Before Google's New Privacy Policy Takes Effect", and the writing itself is much more neutral than this submission title. The submitter just removed the "How to" crud from the title! :) If that encroaches too much on your ability to neutrally assess a topic title, well, this ain't gonna be your century. > It's doubtful at best that Google's "log" of you would become compromised (unless your personal account were compromised, but then this would have been a problem anyways!). It also isn't the case that some Google employee is reading row after row of Google's customer DB snooping on individuals. Both of these cases have happened in the past. Personal accounts have been compromised. That this sucks for other reasons doesn't make it less of a problem--labelling your house keys with your home address is still a stupid idea, regardless of whether losing your house keys "would have been a problem anyways!". Google employees have been snooping on individuals (minors, even) in Google's customer DB. They were fired on the spot, but afaik no legal charges were pressed. So basically you just told yourself a pretty lie, writing what you want to believe, not the way things actually are. How can you speak of neutral writing? And then there's of course the government requests: http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/governmentrequests/ See, on one hand I can see your point. IF all my data would forever remain under the sole control of Google AND will only ever be used in the ways they tell us it is used now THEN yes I concede there is little practical concerns to be worried about. But if you believe those two requirements are met today and will remain so as long as Google possesses relevant data about yourself, you are deluding yourself. The data is already being given to the US government and maybe others too. Data leaks are not going to get less, and exploits will not stop to be found, and at some point it'll be Google's turn. Finally there's the possibility that Google will have a change of "mind" and either turn evil, sell their data, starts doing less conscionable types of data mining, or maybe simply becomes utterly lax in protecting your data. It's a risk. Combine all those risks and it'd be pretty naive to just ignore the facts and hope for the best. > For me, ads are a necessary evil because I don't want to ever pay for every content I consume on the internet. I can understand, sort of (even though the parts of the Internet I use most are community supported, not ad supported so I don't think less effective ads will suddenly destroy the Internets even if a large majority currently is ad supported) > So, If third party cookies are used to serve me better ads, ads that actually interest me, then I'm all for it. But this I do disagree with. I surf the Internet a lot, and there's already more than enough stuff distracting me that I wasn't looking for. No matter how useful it may seem to be, it cuts deeply into my productivity if every venture into some research or just surfing gets sidetracked by extremely interesting ads. Extremely interesting (but non-relevant to the topic at hand) links are already enough of a problem, slurping bits off my willpower to not click them, that I don't need any ads hypertargeted at my personality to draw away my attention from what I was looking for in the first place. No really, I prefer ads that don't apply to me at all. Aber, Hoffnung ist nur mangel auf Information ;-) So, I'm reading a lot of reasoning, but not many good reasons yet. Can anyone follow through on why PATCH vs PUT is better? Assume I'm stupid. Explain to me, but don't stop at "because it's more compliant to the HTTP Standard" / "because thus it has been written in the scriptures" mustn't be the fundamental reason to do something. Similarly, "it is Good to be compliant with the HTTP Standards in this case, because in other cases it was Good also"--certainly I can understand that being compliant with the 200 and 404 status code is a Good Thing. But is there any other, tangible reason why a Rails project would benefit from now using PATCH instead of PUT? Some interoperability with another existing framework maybe? Or interoperability with a hypothetical future framework? What other kinds of software would need to be changed and used before it'll provide a tangible benefit to a Rails project that uses PATCH vs a Rails project using PUT? BTW I'm not arguing against standards (I know, I said you may assume I'm stupid, but no need to go all out ok?), I'm just genuinely curious if there is any other benefit, real, future, hypothetical or imaginary, other than "it's more compliant, and being compliant is good". Actually even if that is the only reason, that's nice, it makes things neater and that's also good. But it would be kind of thin. > Of course, if you used those examples instead of a silly example about designing an office restroom, the HN thread gets derailed by people talking about economics or HIV. One could criticize the HN community for that kind of bikeshedding, but it's more pragmatic to just use a boring, contrived example to sell the point. Certainly, a HN thread won't end up filled with a side discussion about office restroom design. But we can still make poop jokes, right? I read the article and I still don't understand what monads are about. This happens every time. There must be something about the Haskell syntax (which has been ages since I used it in college--and I utterly failed to grasp monads then, too) it's very frustrating, I get the rest of functional programming. Apparently I forgot how to read Haskell. m a -> (a -> m b) -> m b Okay, so what does this mean? I thought it was `f x -> x * x` is a function definition, right? Or am I completely mistaken here? Because in the above code, what is the function name, the parameter and the return value? I know "everything is a function" in Haskell but I really can't see through the multiple arrows here. Any help? Actually no. Trigram analysis is the best way to solve simple substitution ciphers. Most common trigram is nearly always "THE" with a much higher probability than single-letter trials will get you. Sure, some trial and error will probably yield results, but what he's describing is (part of the) systematic approach, not "overthinking". For those who enjoy this sort of thing, check out the challenges at 3564020356. First one's a simple substitution cipher (plus links to tutorials on it--though the links are dead probably, so that's another challenge) It's also not 3 minutes, but 12 or 36 (not entirely clear). > he forgets to mention that problems like the traveling salesman are for academics. The real world responds to the 'actual computing time of the traveling salesman + the traveling time' problem, i.e., if your exact solution is 10% better than the approximate solution but your computation time is 20 times longer so that the salesman can't even start actually traveling ;-) your best solution becomes suddenly your second best (plus many variations of it). That doesn't really correspond to the real world problems that TSP occurs in. While I imagine that variations of TSP occur for logistics companies, it also occurs in problems where "solve once, use many times" applies, such as electronics design. I'm not super-knowledgeable on either of those two, so I could be wrong, though. Another point, which is not mentioned in the OP, is about graph problems. A lot of the intractable ones are really intractable only for a (large or infinite) class of degenerate inputs. But on the average case, solving it for "real world" graphs, for a lot of practical applications they can be solved in very reasonable time. (upvoted for funny, even though incorrect) Thank you! It's coming back to me now :) This was taught to me in college, I know about currying, the right-associativity was the big part I missed! Slides here: http://pocoo.org/~mitsuhiko/badideas.pdf More talks here: http://lucumr.pocoo.org/talks/ I came across the PDF with the slides a couple of days ago, might have been HN or somewhere else, but after I finished reading them, there was a link to the video presentation at the end of the PDF :) Which is of course way more informative than some terse slides! A bank or safe deposit box business will most definitely have clear terms about how liable they are for if something gets stolen. For a hosting company this is different. Especially because--it's hard to draw a line but I feel it's there--there's a difference between storing sensitive data and storing (what are practically) valuables/money . I wonder though, I'm not clear on his set up (or business, even), but basically he was literally storing his bitcoin money on a Linode server? Since they're not a bank, nor a safe-deposit service, or are in the business of storing valuables (as opposed to sensitive data). I can't come up with a realworld analogy (they usually break down anyway), but wouldn't you want to wrap this data in an extra layer of encryption or something? It's not that hard to come up with some scheme so that people with root access to the Linode server can't do anything with it either. Since this is about (almost) real money, that's what I'd do. That first paragraph was as good as unreadable thanks to all the miles, gallons and Fahrenheits. 11.8 inch ... times about 2.5 is umm wait it's a link, maybe if I hover it, no they didn't put metric in the title tags either. "In one millisecond, light travels 186 miles", which is about the same distance as a million squirrels put head-to-toe. Why not measure in squirrels? It makes about the same amount of sense, except that "one million" is a nice round number, unlike "186". > but in DE? They charge an arm and a leg. Strongly depends on where you are, apparently. When I was in Berlin, there was free Internet all over the place. In our hostel, the hotel across the street, just about any coffee bar, pub, sandwich stand, pizzeria ... Sometimes you had to ask for a password, other times you could just connect, and other times you had to catch some air network from the place next door. Or maybe that was just Berlin Mitte? Though I went to some places near Cologne and I didn't have to donate a kidney to get online either. Connectivity in the more rural areas can be pretty bad though. That's what Opera Turbo is for. > Verbal, physical, written or other abuse (including threats of abuse or retribution) of any GitHub customer, employee, member, or officer will result in immediate account termination. Guess they should terminate this one, then: https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/b83965785db1eec019edf1... Try http://m.twitter.com , it's the dressed-down mobile version of Twitter. It doesn't have all the features, but easily makes up for that by the fact that you can actually click around as much as you like without your browser getting all slumpy from loading huge pages or doing javascript. You'd expect caching to help, but there's a lot of truth in the jQuery tax article[1]: even if you got the code cached, executing it all takes a significant amount of time, and the sluggishness is made worse by the fact that during this time your CPU is busy, unlike with data transfers which at most cost some memory. I don't use the m.twitter.com site all the time, but I switch often enough whenever I get too annoyed by default Twitter's slowness. The only real downside (for me) is that you can't click through to a full resolution version of a profile picture. Otherwise all the basic features are in there. [1] http://samsaffron.com/archive/2012/02/17/stop-paying-your-jq... If there's no point arguing against something that people will eat up regardless of evidence or fact, why are you arguing against the conclusion of an article that has this many upvotes on HN? The FBI?? You realize this is taking place in Sweden right? Fucking hell, talk about America world police :( The Swedish Pirate Party doesn't suck as much as the Dutch one does. I wish we had a Pirate Party like Sweden. The German one is pretty good also, btw. It's a very good sum for a couple of months work coding indeed. That'd be about 1.5-3x the amount for regular coding work, roughly, yes? However, if you factor in the freelance/one-time-only factor, it becomes somewhat more fair, but still really good money. But then you also factor in the fact that he's using a very unique skill set in order to do this job, one that maybe a few handfuls of people on this planet possess. And then I wonder. But it's still good money, regardless :) Great solution and great job on making sure they're not getting each others phone numbers! While assuming that a life tomorrow is worth about a life today might be reasonable, we're talking about research costs for drugs, and the comparison does not hold to assume that a new drug tomorrow is worth about an already existing drug today. New drugs are often about squeezing out those last few years of life-expectancy, and even if they're not, they're a marginal increase over today's drugs. Meanwhile today's drugs fail to save many many lives because they are unaffordable in order to pay for R&D on new drugs (which will also be unaffordable). See, the system is very broken on both sides. But the choice to me seems very clear: - on the one hand you have +developing new future drugs. except those drugs will only be affordable to a tiny fraction of the world population. additionally this lines the pockets of big pharma and the bureaucracy that keeps the system broken as it currently is ("Bayer was disappointed") - on the other hand developing new drugs will be slowed down for some time, but all people will be able to afford the many current ones that could be saving lives today, big pharma + your FDA bureaucracy will fail and maybe that opens room for a new and better system to emerge so that R&D on drugs may start once more but in a more efficient manner. All the while lives are being saved and quality of live is being improved because today's drugs are affordable to everyone. But most of those R&D costs are for getting "FDA" approval. I don't see why India (or anyone, really) should pay for lining the pockets of the USA's inefficient and corrupt bureaucratic machinery. Or I could be wrong and those $12B really goes into equipment and lab workers wages, but you won't blame me for finding it real hard to believe until I see at least a rough breakdown of how those costs are summed up. From the article: "Bayer tried to justify its high price by making claims of high R&D costs, but refused to provide any details". That either means they don't know themselves, or it means that the larger part of the budget got "lost" in requesting approval forms paper pushing greasing cogs and lobbying politicians. > Please do not give your future 2-year-old marbles to learn physics with. Choking hazard. You're aware that they put CHOKING HAZARD labels on things not because those things should be kept away from children at all times, but to alert inattentive parents to supervise their children? The CHOKING HAZARD is not an intrinsic property of the object, but rather of the situation. > As an app developer you have to decide whether or not you want to put up a notice, warning or info page on your app warning parents about this problem and recommending that they disable multi-touch. Might you incur Apple's wrath for doing so? Don't know. Ouch. I hadn't even thought of that. I was just going to say it's ridiculous that you have this powerful device with advanced touch screen and you're developing software for it, but Apple prevents you from simply exerting control over the device. A non-crippled OS should give you near exclusive access with minimal meddling, like Desktop PC games. Full screen, raw touch data and no accidental gestures. I don't understand why hackers could abide by this. (the next part is a bit off topic btw, but maybe some professional iOS app devs can shed some light on the matter for me?) I work with kids (a bit older, ages 8-12) teach them to do creative things on the computer (GameMaker, GIMP, some HTML, etc). I'm still working to figure out a good method to learn them actual code (not all, but some are definitely smart enough). A lot of them ask me if I can teach them "how to make apps". I don't know (don't have a smartphone or tablet), but at some point I thought ok let's figure that out. The kid had an iPod Touch so we started looking around for some iOS SDK or whatever (I feared writing a whole app would be too large of a project for him, but now I wanted to know and it taught us both a valuable lesson). Can anyone who writes iOS apps maybe confirm this for me, because it seems pretty much impossible: - You can't actually load an app that you just coded onto your own device, to try it out. Instead you can only test it in an emulator. - The only way to get the new app onto the actual device is via the AppStore. Is that really true? Do even professional app developers not see their app run on an actual device instead of the emulator before the app is in a suitable state (as judged from the emulator tests) to place on the AppStore and even then only if they or someone buys it? Really? - This SDK/emulator kit is only available for the Mac. So if you don't own a Mac, you can't develop iOS apps. - Money. Does the SDK/emulator kit cost money or not? I couldn't figure it out because I stopped looking as soon as I saw it was Mac-only, anyway. But depending on which route I took through the Apple ID developer program website, it alternatively told me it was free and that it cost me $100. And then to be able to place the program onto a physical device I own, I need to pay a yearly $100 for the AppStore? (I probably got some details wrong here and maybe I missed some programs or ways to do things so please correct me) The centre I work at is mostly run by volunteers and doesn't use Macs or has $100/yr to give to Apple for the "privilege" of teaching a new generation of hacker kids how to develop applications for their petty locked up hardware/software universe. So there won't be any "how to make apps for iOS" lessons in the foreseeable future. That's what I learned. And the kid that joined me on this wild goose chase learned that he most definitely will be getting an Android as his next smartphone. Awesome, thanks for that answer! The testing certificate makes sense, I was really wondering about that, there's only so much you can test in a simulator (touch screen behaviour, for instance. I'd assume you could emulate it with a mouse, but you can't test the full UX that way). Good call on the JS/webapps too. I hadn't really considered what language one develops iOS apps in when I started investigating, but from what I've seen about Objective-C, I agree it would be a bit too much. Personally I was aiming to get them interested in writing simple Python programs, perhaps with PyGame so they can quickly get some graphics on the screen (text console output doesn't have a lot of appeal I'm afraid..). Most important reason is that Python lacks boilerplate--I don't want to make the kids do all sorts of boring set up coding before they get to see some results. (second most important reason is that it's the language I'm currently using most) Boilerplate might be a bit of an issue with JS web apps too. But "can I put my (GameMaker) game on my website?" is a question asked even more often than how to make apps :) [it is possible btw, but not with the free version of GameMaker]. So maybe I could set up some simple framework with a JS Canvas and see if they'll bite. Maybe even better would be just to code some simple game for myself, for fun, show it off, and I already know of at least two kids that will try real hard to figure out how I pulled that off, and they'll be happy to find out it was written inside the same HTML tags they wrote their website with :) (another good reason is, before I caught the Python-bug, I was coding JS all day :) ) Anyway, thanks again for your explanation! So, these guys openly admit they indirectly caused AIM to shut down and everybody is just congratulating them about going open source?! They should be drawn and quartered for that!! (no seriously guys, nice job on the open sourcing :) ) At US airports there are also soldiers or guards carrying big scary automatic weapons in plain sight, you get your fingerprints taken and a picture shot from several angles like you're some sort of criminal and if they decide your papers warrant "special attention" you'll get not only yelled at, but fondled quite a bit more than just a few tugs on your beard. It's also the only place that made me take my shoes off before the metal detector, which I found quite humiliating--maybe sounds weird but there is something about having to partially undress and being made to walk around on your socks for a bit in front of very unfriendly looking officers trying to decide whether they shall give you an additional pat-down or not that just screams WELCOME TO AMERICA, LAND OF THE FREE. I dunno, it was good to have visited the place once but I'm not sure if I want to go there again. My US friends can come to Europe next time :) I don't understand, how so? Yugoslavia was a communist country back then? Although I doubt that his experience had much to do with the Cold War, but rather the internal pre-breakup tensions, war and the Kosovo/Serbia thing during the time. Yeah, politics, that must be it ... if everybody in your country would've just voted for the other guy the problem would've solved itself by now, wouldn't it? You sound exactly like one of those higher educated Chinese college kids arguing that whole censorship thing really isn't as bad as they make it sound ... Or, rather someone defending their abusive husband. "It's just a lot of poltics" == "Sometimes, he's just had a really rough day at work, you know?" Hm, interesting. Going by this and the other reply it appears that maybe they put up a different show depending on if you're foreign? For me it was JFK airport in New York btw. As for Germany, yes I suppose you could say they had some "changes" near the end of the 80s ... ;) And I suppose guns are about as big and scary as how threatened you're feeling. For example, UK police generally also tend to wear funny hats. rrrrrright. > in Start up tab there is a list of programs that are run on every start up. Remove those programs from start up. After that go into the services tab and uncheck useless services. By default windows 7 starts with lots of useless services, disable it. DISABLE ALL THE STARTUP SERVICES!! :) Also, did you know that the desktop backgrounds provided by Microsoft on install apparently are less performance intensive than other backgrounds? Me neither! My thoughts exactly. I think the digging was okay though, for the simple reason that she backed off as soon as he said he wanted to be left alone. And I don't believe a journalist doing research has to interpret silence or no-response as such, but when he communicated this, she let him be. The second issue was absolutely over the line. It's not so much the name (which is sort-of public knowledge, although the Wikipedia citing issue makes it problematic), but publishing the other personal information really crossed the line, and the article would have been much better without it. I don't think it's vindictive though, rather a very stupid oversight. I also think it's too bad that the top comment conflates these two issues, because I think it's very useful to draw the distinction. Spending effort to reach a subject for comment strikes me as proper journalistic research--publishing the PI gathered in the process however, absolutely is not. Even tabloid journalists would simply just publish the comment, but not the addresses or names of employers used in acquiring said comment (be it for different, more competitive reasons, but still). The mythical designer that 1) is able to write valid cross-browser CSS ready for deployment without developer tweaking 2) would not understand basic logical constructs such as CSS Constants. does not, in fact, exist. At least, I have never met one. Think of it like this, imagine there is a sort of spectrum for capability of abstract logical/mathematical related thought. Roughly, on one extreme end there's someone who is so intuitive practical you wouldn't trust to properly split a dinner bill (this is not a "designer stereotype" btw, but an example of the very extreme end of the scale), in between there's doing calculations, solving simple equations, writing CSS, writing CSS-with-constants, using a templating language, doing actual coding, hardcore coding genius, and at the far end there's Neo who can stop bullets with his mind by wearing the right kind of shades and longcoat. Your fear of "having too much logic and driving designers away" is only valid if the majority of web-designers fall right between "capable of writing CSS" and "capable of writing CSS with constants". Sorry but that's a rather narrow range and I'm not buying it. And the few designers that happen to fall exactly in that range will either have to write CSS without constants (which is fine), or learn to deal with it. I got the 1215b E450 and I'm very happy with it. It came with 4GB RAM. I didn't notice any touchpad problems. I disabled the two-finger multitouch scrolling in favour of the one-finger vertical scrolling region because I just couldn't get used to it after a few weeks of trying. It requires me to hold my hand at an odd angle which feels uncomfortable. Then I re-enabled it because I found myself trying the two-finger gesture (in vain) in certain situations, so now I'm using both depending on how I sit and I'm happy. Except that sometimes it doesn't seem to detect the scrolling (for either method) but it's not like the touchpad-issue as I saw it on the YouTube videos. One thing you really should consider is that IMO the display quality is not all too great: One, I got a bit of LED-bleeding on the left side of the screen, nothing too serious, just a bit brighter than the rest, but enough to at one time trick me into wondering "huh I don't remember jEdit's line number margin had a gradient in it?". Two, sometimes the white appears blown out, like over-exposed. At first this was way worse and I almost took it back until I found out it wasn't happening always and it turned out to be some sort of power-saving setting. However after disabling that, it's still not very good. For instance I need to turn my display at an angle in order to be able to read the lightest "dead" comments on HN, which I did not have to do on my last netbook. Third, if the sun's shining outside, even with the (semi-translucent) shades drawn, watching a dark scene in a movie is difficult. Of course it's no optimal condition and my last netbook had trouble with it as well, but not as bad. Maybe it helped that the netbook's screen surface was diffuse and this one's got a reflective surface. I don't know why they make reflective screen surfaces anyway?? There's a slight possibility that some of these problems are software, since I run Ubuntu on the netbook and this one's still got Win7. I will see. Otherwise, it's a great device! I've experienced very good as well as bad touchpads on normal laptops. I believe it's the hardware, actually. My ALDI Medion Akoya netbook was simply excellent (I believe it's a rebrand of the MSI Wind), my current ASUS EeePC 1215b E450 touchpad leaves a bit to desire compared to that one (even though it is bigger). On the other hand, when I have to use a friend's Apple touchpad, I usually find them awkward to use. But given that Apple's got such a good name I'm certain it would just be a matter of getting used to its "feel" if I had to use it more. Maybe you got the same experience in reverse, that even the good touchpads feel strange to you because you're used to Apple touchpads. For anyone wondering what this vim/tmux thing is about, what it looks like and what it can do (and seeing the questions in the rest of the comments, there are a few), click the link to that book and check the video. I was only vaguely familiar with tmux (as in I knew it's some sort of `screen`) and this really made it clear to me. As soon as I put Linux on this machine I'll give it a try, too :) Nothing is worth risking burnout for (well, maybe saving your child or something like that). It takes ages to recover (roughly as long as you've spent building it up, which may be years), and I'm not entirely sure if it might leave anything permanent (wrt dealing with stress or pressure) preventing you from crawling back up to your previous 100%. So, think about that and act. How exactly to break it, I'm seeing loads of great advice in the rest of this thread so I'm not going to repeat it all. It's a different struggle for everyone. So if this tea thing happened at (nearly) every meeting, you'd have been able to discuss the issue in private, between meetings, and offer to raise it next time--or probably better, discuss it, let her know that if she'd bring it up you'd have her back? I don't know actually--apparently she had an idea of something she would be comfortable with to address it? I have some ideas for different approaches which I wrote down but then deleted because in the end it comes down to what she feels comfortable with. Anyway my point is, I'd almost always first discuss this with the person in question rather than speaking up in the heat of the moment. It's usually not appropriate, puts the person in a tight spot or a spot light and sometimes these things are better resolved at a different, quieter moment anyway. The exception to this (for me) would be when a remark is really offensive or not subtle at all (like the low-cut blouse remark in the article[1]), simply because at that point it offends me as well, even if the person isn't even around because I shall not tolerate such toxic remarks in a place where I have to work. [1] "Hey Jim, your fly is open! I KNOW WHERE I'M SITTING! :D wink " And letting her know that if she wanted to say something about it, you'd have her back. I wondered about the pot luck thing, isn't the point of a pot luck that everyone brings something to eat for everyone? If she'd be the only one that had to bring something, it wouldn't be a pot luck any more, right? At least, that's what I understand pot luck to mean? I like them a lot btw, very American thing, so we don't do it often enough here, but my hummus is always appreciated ;-) So, 25 petabytes ... 25 million gigabytes. Anyone care to guess how much of this data is illegitimate? And how much of that is under MPAA's copyright? Back-of-the-envelope calculation: Just did a search for "1080" on some unnamed site and it appears a bluray rip of a movie encodes to roughly 10GB. So that would be 2.5 million movies in 1080p quality. I don't think we've made that many, have we? Especially if you consider that movies that came out before the "high-definition era" are encoded to about a 10th of that size (700MB-2GB roughly, afaik). Maybe I'm missing something obvious. Not counting TV series for instance (are they also intellectual property represented by the MPAA? I'm not in the USA so I never really dug into that). Movies duplicated in different quality formats are usually a 10th or less of the size of a 1080p Bluray rip as well, as an upper limit I could add a factor of x1.5 for that. But then, the "long tail" of movie rips are 700-800MB and do not have duplicates. Unless ... is the MPAA also representing porn? Because then all bets are off and I can easily accept that this 25 petabyte consists mostly of MPAA protected intellectual properties. But otherwise, what percentage of these 25 petabytes would you estimate actually represents illegitimate data owned/represented by the MPAA? 2% ? 10% ? Is that fair to the owners of the other 90% of the data? Even if it's probably mostly porn? (I'm fairly sure most of the data has to be porn) I'm just wondering. Also because it's interesting to speculate what could be in these 25 petabytes. If you have a better guess I'd love to hear it :) > What makes you love Google is Google giving you the right answer. No it's not. What I loved about Google is giving me the ability to search the web . If my answer wasn't on the first page (or even the second), I'd refine my query until I would get it. Which was easy because Google was very deterministic, just your basic "AND" keyword search engine. Try a few synonyms maybe, different angle, synecdochical approach[1] and if all that didn't get you your answer, it probably wasn't there[2]. Today, you type in your query, Google tries to guess what you need, and shows you your results. If your answer is not there, you can try different queries, synonyms, whatever, but you'll get mostly the same results again . The web being unimaginably bigger than 10 years ago when I used the approach described above, I refuse to believe my answer's not there. Google is just being dumb. Anyone know of a proper Search Engine? (I love Duck Duck Go but its index is rather small) [1] http://www.searchlores.org/synecdoc.htm [2]actually, you were probably not trying hard enough. Pressing on over the course of a week and getting some expert friends to help you would always show that your answer was in fact there. in some form or another. Oh wow, if that works I'm going to use Google again. I hope there's some easy way to switch on that setting with a GET parameter so I can replace my default Google search. which leaves us the questions: 1) why is w3school in that list? 2) if they got it because lots of (outdated) sites are linking to them, why do their alternate subdomains get a similar bonus? 3) this whole privileged "authority" bucket crap stinks. it used to be that a really good sub-page on somebody's geocities site could be the no.1 go-to first result for a certain search topic. why? because loads of people that knew it was good would link to it because it was just that good of a comprehensive resource. hearing more and more about this new ranking method makes me wonder whether it's even possible for a small guy to come up top in the results like that. And it's not so much that I feel for this small guy, but rather that I know I'm missing out on a lot of honest good web content that Google simply isn't showing me. Thanks. Yeah, the porn bit didn't even occur to me as I started writing the post. I just wondered "25 petabytes is an awful lot of data, although numbers on data can get pretty big easily, let's see if I can come up with a reasonable estimate ...", and then, "... what else could be there? TV series--waitaminute--PORN!" So yes, PORN. (Unrelated, your username is awfully similar to mine..) You mean this one? http://googlesystem.blogspot.co.uk/2011/11/google-verbatim.h... Yeah I'll investigate that tomorrow. That's a rather difficult question to answer. I usually don't remember what I've searched for recently. I'm just relating my general impression, which has gotten much much worse over the past year. Really it's hard to say because 9 times out of 10 it works fine. Probably even more. Because most of my queries are simple ones. I'd have to go dig through my browsing history, it'd take a lot of effort. I did it once, when Matt Cutts asked a similar question, but right now it's rather late here so I hope you can excuse me :) One thing I can say, I have tried to diversify my usage of Search Engines in the past, to not just use Google but also Yahoo, Bing, and others. Even changed my default search engine sometimes. But it never stuck. Google just was too good--its speed was a big factor btw, even when the results weren't great, the fact that you could quickly try different queries made up for it. But since a couple of months I find myself more and more going for DDG at the first query--also because if DDG doesn't have my answer it has a convenient link to Google to retry, if Google would have the same I might even still use Google with DDG as a fallback instead :) Another tweak I did was disable Javascript on the Google result pages. There are a lot of shortcut keys I use in Opera all the time and Google's persistent autofocus was really getting in the way. Especially with the instant-refresh feature, your whole results would change just because you pressed some shortcut key even though the input box wasn't even focused! Wow, some of his logo design work is really amazing. Just because you don't happen to have activities that generate enormous amounts of data doesn't mean nobody else does. There's also people that make a lot more video data than you apparently do, same for sound recordings. Do you believe that the majority of recorded video data in the world is MPAA's? That would go against everything we know about the "long tail". You do realize that of all text (or books) written in the world, less than 1% actually gets published? Why would video or audio be any different? Just because you don't produce it, doesn't mean the MPAA industries are the only ones that do. Also as you say, there's academia, PHD students I know use equipment that generates gigabytes per second. Or without equipment there's computer programs that do it from calculations. Now I agree it doesn't seem likely they'd use megaupload for that. And that's just a few things I can come up with right now. Who knows what sort of computer stuff other people do that generates retarded amounts of data they need to share? I'm also not saying that all that copyrighted stuff isn't there, it's just that if it's 25 petabytes worth of data, it just doesn't add up, the MPAA-represented copyrighted part of those 25 petabytes can only be a tiny fraction of that amount. > Megaupload has multiple copies of almost every single movie and TV show in the world in multiple formats and quality levels. > I have watched some very rare international films on Mega and it never failed me on a search. > If you multiply out all the movies, all the multiple copies, all the TV show espisodes, all the different quality levels, you would get a few petabytes. I implore you to do a back-of-the-envelope estimate and get to 25 petabytes. Please take into account that I purposefully started with the highest quality level currently in use, which is ~10GB per movie. The assumption is that lower quality levels will only be a fraction of that size therefore all versions of a single movie won't be more than 20-50GB total. Additionally, many older movies are not available in the high quality formats and take up only a tenth of this space. Also I'd like to point out that the MPAA is the Motion Picture Association of America , which is an American trade association that represents the six big Hollywood studios. So they don't represent the "rare international films". Still, I'm just making rough estimates myself as well. I'd love it if you could come up with a possible way to explain that, say, at least half of this data could consist of MPAA represented intellectual property. I just don't think they produced nearly enough content to warrant shutting down all the data stored in MegaUpload, even given that MegaUpload probably does store all their IP illegally, in multiple formats. Oh good, for a moment I was worried they removed the `ddate` commandline tool. > During these periods, the temperature inside the data center can rise above 95 degrees. :-/ 95 degrees what ? They don't use Fahrenheit in Belgium, you know (nor does most of the rest of the world, for that matter). For anyone wondering, 95F is exactly 35 degrees Celsius. Also, it would probably have been more relevant to mention the equivalent Belgian and EU institutes instead of the OSHA ... seriously, I don't expect for a second that the regulations would be the same. Roughly, maybe, but it just doesn't make sense to mention the OSHA at all if the servers aren't in the USA! Doesn't work in Opera? It just asks me for me name and then sticks at LOADING? BTW you could probably come up with something prettier than a JS prompt to ask for a name. no it doesn't, he didn't even obfuscate it in all the JS he had to be loading for that game already. I demand higher quality trickery!! > The site still appears to have been hosting mostly infringing content. How??! It's 25 petabytes . How many movies did the MPAA (Disney+Sony+Viacom+NewsCorp+NBCUniversal+Warner) produce, that need to have been uploaded as how many duplicates in what sort of quality?? According to Wikipedia there have been about 3500 titles released on BluRay in the US (which are by no means all represented by the MPAA, but it's an upper limit). Generally these hi-res movies are uploaded in 10GB versions, but even if they all used the full dual layer disc (50GB), that's still 3500x50GB = 175 terabyte = 0.175 petabyte. And this is being extremely generous just to get a ballpark estimate to show just by how much they miss the order of magnitude. It's probably about a fifth of this number. Movies before BluRay have not been released or uploaded in this resolution, they're generally not bigger than 1GB (the vast majority being 700-800MB). How many movies did the Big Six produce? It's quite hard to find that number, actually. But I'll do you one better: One number I could find, is that there were 9157 movies produced in 1995-2012 (summing these numbers: http://www.the-numbers.com/market/MPAARatings/ ) which amounts to about 538 movies per year. Times 70 years of copyright is max 37660 movie titles that might still be copyrighted, times 50GB a piece cause they're all magically uploaded as raw BluRay rips even if they don't exist in that format, is 1,883,000 gigabytes of data. That's 1.9 petabytes. So, that means that every movie that's been made that is still under copyright, must have had 13 duplicates in the absolute highest 50GB/BluRay format to make up for 25 petabytes of data on MegaUpload. Except that's not right because even on BluRay you can't just inflate the quality like that until you fill 50GB, you need to fill it with actual minutes of video material so even on BluRay these movies can't have been that big. Also I'm fairly sure that the number of movies produced between 1995 and 2012 is a rather high estimate of movie production in the past 70 years. And then there's the fact that 13 duplicate different format rips of a movie is quite a rare sight, and most different format encodings are going to be much, much smaller than the BluRay version. So really, there's just no way anything more than a few percent of the data on MegaUpload could have been infringing on the MPAA's rights. But they took it all offline, just to make sure. And the more I try to wrap my head around these calculations (petabytes are HUGE!!) I'm not even sure if they could have filled it up with porn either ... what IS in those 25 petabytes, I'm getting rather curious now :) > YouTube lets you watch and listen but you can't take what you see and hear home with you (read: download it). Yes you can, and most non-tech-savvy people I know actually prefer to do that, than to download their music from torrents or "download sites". Which I can imagine because they're much less likely to get a virus and they just need a firefox extension and everybody knows how to find their favourite tunes on YouTube. If anyone has a tighter estimate for the number of MPAA represented movies produced in the past 70 years, that'd be great. The number should be out there somewhere, right? I'm fairly sure that ~38k MPAA movies since 1942 is guesstimating way too high. Another problem is that, even if MegaUpload had all the MPAA infringing content you can imagine, taking all of those 25 petabyte offline is kind of similar to nuking a big city in order to take down a few local drug dealers. And it seems that indeed, I've overestimated the average size of all those rips by about a factor of 50. You won't even get to a terabyte if you sum those 20. Ok, you being tptacek I'll trust that's a fact :) Even though I really wonder why you'd have seen their internal emails (??). Still there's two things (and they both could be true): First there's the possibility that MegaUpload has no duplicate checking at all, meaning that if anyone would upload the exact same data they would just store it twice. Or thrice. That way I suppose they could get to the 25 petabyte mark. Second, you say "majority of their video content". I can believe that too. That is, the whole "it's 25 petabyte " argument goes nowhere if we're just discussing a part of the data. Then all I'm saying is, even if they're storing all possible MPAA protected data, in several formats and encodings, it's still a tall order to claim that involves more than a couple percent of those 25 petabytes, and taking it all offline just because a small part of it is infringing (even if that small part is rather huge), isn't quite fair. It'd be like taking the Internet offline because people are doing illegal stuff on it, right? > As a brit, I fully appreciate and understand why some people in the world hate all britons. We've done some bad things as a nation in recent years and people have a right to tar us all with the same brush. Well that's cute, but I disagree. I'm Dutch, we've done some rather bad things in our colonial times, yet it is not okay for Indonesians or South Africans to hate all Dutch. Similarly it is NOT okay for Dutch people to hate all Germans just because they invaded us in 40-45 (WW2), because they took our bikes or because they tend to defeat us in international soccer games. > If any brit has a problem with the way other people look at them, it's their job as a citizen in a democracy to affect the change they want to see in people's attitude towards this country and it's people. I'd agree with you on that point if only you weren't highly overestimating the level of influence "any Brit" has on these matters, compared to how much "some Brits" have. Same for any democracy. Even those mythical ones that work. I'm responsible for my own actions, not for those of some bigshot that claims to represent "me" (one individual in a group of several million of that claim). If you feel that's not right or self-centred and I should do better, I'll try to take responsibility for my own actions extra hard , but I refuse to take on those of some idiot I hardly have any control over. Best I can do with my little vote is to not vote for Geert Wilders--but as you may or may not have noticed, it didn't help much. So am I to feel responsible for that turdmongler? Fuck no! Yet will I discreetly defecate in the kitchen or bathroom sink of anyone I encounter that appears to subscribe to Wilders' moronic ideas? You can count on it, and that's all the responsibility I will take. > Except when it's the French. There's no pleasing those cheese eating surrender monkeys. hur hur hur :-/ I'm all for a bit more humorous light-hearted poking on HN, but I'd rather do without crap like this. Made it real hard to read The Black Swan when Taleb continuously did the same, too. > There are huge privacy implications for the first route, however In the Netherlands, when you want to request (removal of) your data as per our privacy and person registration laws, you need to send a scan of your passport or ID card as proof of identification to the data-collecting corporation as well (which makes sense). Fortunately you can block out and mangle large parts of this scan and they still have to accept it. It's not waterproof, but: - you can block out or blur your photograph - same for your social security number and the passport serial number - place coloured letters diagonally over the scan stating that "THIS SCAN IS INTENDED TO PROVE MY REAL NAME TO GORGLE PLUS yyyy-mm-dd" (so that whoever receives it cannot use the scan for a different purpose) Source: https://pim.bof.nl/gebruikers/geef-niet-meer-dan-nodig/ [Dutch] 2am and 2pm are the only two prime hours listed! Is this a trick question??! Cool! Hey, a tip, and I think I mentioned this in the comment/feedback box on W|A as well: For some reason, every time I need information that makes me think "hey this would be the typical thing I'd expect W|A to be able to answer, I've seen it answer a similar question before" it hardly ever works ... And I think a lot of that is due to how most of the demos I've seen are somewhat USA-centered and W|A doesn't have the same data when I query it for a European (or other) country. How does that work? Because when I use Google or DuckDuckGo and look for that nation's bureau of statistics, fact sheet, even Wikipedia, the numbers are right there. Why is that? I thought W|A is supposed to index the calculatable knowledge for me so I don't have to search for it but instead can just run calculations with it? Or does W|A just import complete available datasets and does not scrape the web for such data (even when it's in tabular form on an official government or university site)? In which case, please get some more of those from non-US sources. Loads of governments opened up their data sources: http://ckan.org/ Today I mainly use Yahoo's image search for images. Disabling JS on Google Search (with Opera's site-specific preference or NoScript) also does a lot of good to make this once-great search engine somewhat more usable (not for the results, of course, but at least it's not continuously stealing input focus and mucking up its own search results as you try to navigate with your browser's keyboard shortcuts). Last time your project came up, I wanted to ask if you've done any research into the various already existing shorthand writing systems ? When I tried to find out more about those 10 years ago, a lot of sources were old and hard to find, but with a bit of persistence I found some PDFs and websites on a system called "Gregg Shorthand". Fortunately today it's right there on Wikipedia for you: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregg_shorthand A very cool short story taking this topic to a strange and dystopian extreme is Melancholy Elephants : http://www.spiderrobinson.com/melancholyelephants.html How's this different from logging onto my online bank account, and transferring the amount to the account number of my friend via text message authentication? Except that it's not free but they take a $0.99 cut? Why would I want to pay for the privilege of transferring money? Now if it'd make international transfers easier... But still, $0.99 is pretty steep IMO. Yeah, I got exactly the same impression, as if they were trying to sneak it past me, or something. Why not just be upfront and advertise your fees openly? Are you being deliberately obtuse? Popular Reddit memes are "not always good"* because of their frequency and continuous presence. April Fools is once a year and [apparently] popular on HN, you can't seriously compare that to the sort of memes that "infest" Reddit. * to some. I don't mind them, personally. And they're easy enough to avoid--as soon as I log in and I get my personal programming/comp.sci/math/netsec related subreddits, my personal Reddit frontpage is about as good as HN, with the exception that one of the two does not constantly shit on the other at every possible opportunity (seriously, and you say April Fools is "played out"). why doesn't this work in the latest Opera? > It’s only seldom that I use the Wayback Machine and if the content I’m looking for would not be there, it would be no big deal for me. Depends on what sorts of thing you and me look for on the web, I suppose then. I use the Wayback Machine regularly, and what I need from it is usually quite valuable (to me), if I could not have found it anywhere else. Only yesterday I was wandering along information about symmetry groups and tilings of the plane, so you come across the Geometry Junkyard[1] ... dead links all over the place as soon as you take more than a few steps! A lot of those are old university home pages, the ones with ~s in them. If the person doesn't work there anymore, they often rot, and the information doesn't always get transferred to the next site or blog. I know I'm guilty of the same, quite a few ancient old sites floating about that I never bothered collecting under one domain. I know the IA has got them though :) [1] http://www.ics.uci.edu/~eppstein/junkyard/topic.html Math is hard, let's go shopping! If you think this is too difficult then maybe you shouldn't try to design scoring/voting systems. I read this twice and I can't figure out how this is relevant to the article, please explain? > 5 star rating systems are obnoxious. From a mathematical perspective, if you treat them in an ordinal fashion they are poorly behaved, and if you treat them categorically, you lose the relationship between stars. Helping out a friend with a statistics test, I recently read up about the Wilcoxon Signed Rank Test[1]. Now this one is intended to get a p-value for experiments with "before" and "after" measurements, but what I got the idea it's trying to do, is to use the ranks of a not-very-normal behaving random variable, turn that into a summation of lots of things, so due to the central limit theorem you can treat it as a normal distribution again. Though thinking about it, in this case it's the rank we're after, so maybe it's not useful at all. But it gives an interesting idea about the tricks you can pull if your input data isn't quite the sort of type that you can analyse very well. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilcoxon_signed-rank_test The other flaw is that, without even clicking the link I already know it has nothing to do with "quantum" except for being a cool scientific-sounding technical buzzword. > somehow the images I created always involved a lot of...boob. yet another advantage of these systems, I suppose. A "perk", if you will. This is absolutely true. The background colour is slightly different, but on my laptop screen that's hardly visible at all, unless I tilt the screen at an extreme angle[1]. I have to say I kind of feel cheated by that trickery, every time, and it is one of the reasons (though not the most important one) that I use Google much less recently (in favour of DDG). [1] no I'm not particularly happy about this screen, the rest of the machine is great but if I had known it would be this bad I might have picked a different model (I got an Asus EEE 1215B) > I don't think the "techies don't click ads" effect is really as strong as a lot of people assume. I kind of doubt that myself and would like to see some numbers before coming to that conclusion. Especially if just talking about CTR instead of conversion rate. For the latter I'm willing to believe that if the techie clicks the ad, they're more likely to buy. Though that is a guess I'd also like to see supported with numbers :) It might also be very different in the USA. If I see an ad with my search results, a lot of the time it's a US company and even if I would want to use a service on the other side of the ocean, I can only pay with either my creditcard or PayPal. I won't use PayPal and my creditcard is tucked away in some drawer somewhere. Actually, for any non-Dutch company (say, German), a creditcard or PayPal is usually the only option. On a Dutch site I can pay with iDeal via my bank card (zero transaction costs, authentication via text message on my banking account's site). > With the # of ads I've seen with that tag, I'd imagine the "local mom" to be some sort of genius, making $5000/week, getting dermatologists to hate her b/c of some wrinkle miracle while losing 800 lbs in 2 weeks. 800 pounds indeed. It's because of this incredible weight-loss that "local moms" have an extremely short half-life and are in fact rarely observed outside laboratory conditions. You might also want to consider using promille (per 1000) or something similar, when dealing with such tiny percentages. (I don't mean they're tiny for a CTR figure, just that small numbers like that are harder to get a gist of than "1.37 clicks for each 1000 views". Absolutely. That bit was very inspiring and I'm going to ponder a bit on how to use it for maximum fun, weird and most importantly, good. That's why you should write down some instructions for your family so they can let them know. It's probably a good idea to describe your relationship with your clan a littlebit, because they'd like to know, and so they can make better judgement on how to bring the news depending on how close you are with your clan members. Another good idea is to mention that "Uncle Joe probably knows how to log on to Minecraft and such" (/s/Joe/your favourite tech-savvy family member or friend/, of course) If it's not a really long GPG key or anything, it's probably easiest to just write it down on paper and store it at a secure place. Secure being, if you trust your cupboard to hold the binder with your bank statements, that would work fine. > wow... where do I begin? > I was the founding CTO and VP of engineering of one of the most successful "networking in your hotel room" startups. > You get many details about the hospitality space dead wrong. Surely you meant to say "Wow it's interesting to see how different your experiences are from mine, working in that same industry". Because, you know, I don't think either of you is making stuff up or is "dead wrong". And in such quite a large industry, with several different quality segments it's very possible that there's more than one way to do it. Fine, how about air conditioning? Both GIMP and Photoshop can read any binary file as a "raw" file format, where you can specify the bit-depth (e.g. greyscale, RGB, RGBA, etc) and column width. Wow, that suggestion elsewhere in the thread, to serve diffs instead seems rather important now :) IMO that wasn't rude at all? :) Anyway, I'd even argue it's mostly just the 27M users and the brand. While smart founders and engineers knowing a thing or two about scale are much less common than , it's the users and the brand that made it worth $1B to Facebook. Hey, cool. I was 19 when that song hit the charts and I understand a lot of those things a lot better now. It all seemed quite sensible, but I remember that time recent enough to know there's just no way a healthy young adult can use that advice--at all. And I always wondered about the sunscreen. I bet it depends on your geographic location a lot. Sure, if you get powerful direct sunlight on your skin it's important, but here (NL) that's just a few weeks per year, if we're lucky :-) -- And yes, that's when I wear sunscreen, it's just that considering scientifically proven benefits, I don't understand why "wear sunscreen" is stressed so much vs "eat many fresh vegetables" or "do something that really raises your heart frequency once per day, even just shortly" sound so much more universal (including boosting your immune system and thereby preventing cancer and wrinkly skin!) Oh well. Thanks for the link anyway :) That's right, but it's also important to realize that, in fact, there is no grand narrative[1]. Humans are compulsive pattern-recognizers and can turn any arbitrary independent sequence of events into a story. That doesn't mean the story is wrong, per se , but it does mean you cannot presume to know where a story "is leading up to". Because the only "complete" story is the one that is told afterwards. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_narrative (lots of "blah" btw) > It's not quite that simple. Consider firearms. ... and then half the scrolling length of this discussion thread was about guns. Great job! Actually it's not your fault, it's just HN terrible threading algo again. Can't we just do what Reddit does and collapse things a littlebit? Because it seems there's always some top comment (not always the top-most) that dominates 90% of the discussion. And frankly it's very hit-and-miss whether that dominating comment is on-topic or not. We could have so much more interesting discussions here on HN ... > The law has no trouble at all making fuzzy distinctions. Actually, in most of Europe it does. While the US, UK and Ireland's legal system is based on "Common Law", most of Europe uses "Civil Law", where the primary source of law is the law code, which is a systematic collection of interrelated articles that explain the principles of law, rights and entitlements, and how basic legal mechanisms work. Of course there's still a lot of room for interpretation and pragmatics, but the point is that right from the start, you try to get your definitions down as clear as possible. It's quite interesting to see how the fundamentals of our legal systems actually differ. I decided to look this up for the first time because at some point I read some thread where some US people were actively discussing interpretation of your Constitution or the Bill of Rights, as to whether something fairly trivial to define could be ruled or not--might even have had to do with the right to bear arms, but the specifics aren't important. I was just amazed that this centuries-old document was seriously being "consulted" as if somewhere between the lines would appear some sort of hidden meaning--except it was pretty obvious that the final decision would rest with the interpretation and political ideas of whatever judge got to rule it. Which completely amazed me, it's one thing if somnewhere, in some obscure corner of fiscal tax laws some particular exception to a rule isn't defined unambiguously, but the big-to-medium picture of the law is not supposed to be up for interpretation! Except in the US, or more precisely in Common Law legal systems, that's pretty much the idea. I'm not saying it's bad BTW, it's just different. And I'm just commenting on how surprised I was that there's other ways (in democratic countries) than to strictly codify your laws. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_law#2._Common_law_legal_... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_law_(legal_system) Well, if they'd be considering to outlaw selling 0days on the black market, that'd be a whole different discussion. My first intuition would be all for it, actually. Though there might be some consequences I haven't considered. For all I know that could already be illegal? Anyone? > And lets be honest here, you would most definitely use a knife in self defense if it came down to that. It's a preposterous argument to say that in a life or death scenario, you'd opt for a lesser source of protection in order to not use a sharp object. Really?! Well, I guess it's different if, thanks to your gun laws there's a good chance the intruder might be carrying a firearm. No scratch that, if they got a gun, then you're still screwed with a knife. First, do you know where to hit them to disable them at once? If not, you're now standing really close to a really angry, bleeding intruder. Second, even if you do, they now bled on the walls, the furniture, everywhere. Have fun cleaning that up. Third, you just killed a person. You can't really "disable" someone with a knife, either you kill them or you don't. My advice? A big stick. Like the wooden handle of a broomstick or something. Keeps people with knives at a distance, you can hit them, poke them, and pin them to the ground while you call the police. (stick locks below the chin, behind the jawbone, base of the neck, pushing backwards. very uncomfortable) Yes. Opera's had the same functionality for many years :) It's super useful! I can also recommend making shorcuts for "feeling lucky"-type searches: http://www.google.com/search?q=%s&btnI=yes https://duckduckgo.com/?q=!+%s go immediately where you want to go (provided your query is specific enough to be the first hit) > Apologies for misrepresenting your view. Oh please. He even misrepresented his own view. "I wasn't attacking anyone, I was only letting everybody know they've been told " The constructive bit of information was "hey cool this uses a lot of the concepts SmallTalk used in the 80s, great to see it getting some traction" instead of "I told you so!". Yes/no/sort of, I actually found this an quite enlightening discussion. My opinion went from: 1. I'm going to use three semicolons for every one Fat doesn't use, the arrogant twat! ;-) 2. Bike shed. 3. Some of these arguments actually kind of make sense... I Prefer the semicolonlessness of Python as well. But even though I know the ASI rules, I don't want to spend the mental effort to check every line for unwanted continuation. 4. And then someone linked to http://npmjs.org/doc/coding-style.html#Semicolons which is a style that has marginally more semicolons than Fat would (apparently) use, but I can use this pretty much without thinking. I might give it a go. See how it feels. It's important to not stick to old conventions just because KIDS THESE DAYS. If you never hear from me again, it's because I've drowned in an ocean of obscure bugs. How do you know it was Redditors? I subscribe to quite a few programming related subreddits and while the comments there are more informal (people can make a joke without getting downvoted, for instance) the level of the discussion you're referring to is not very representative of programming subreddits either. Ritz, 4k coder. But you probably knew that already. Is it true what you said in the other thread, all the Dutch sceners are unemployed? :) Something in the drinking water at Bizarre, perhaps? :) My releases: http://pouet.net/prod.php?which=343 http://pouet.net/prod.php?which=291 http://pouet.net/prod.php?which=332 http://pouet.net/prod.php?which=333 (You might need one of those DOSbox tools to get sound or to run at all though. They were targeted at Win98/2k, Meuk completely stopped working with XP) Blame Google+ ;-) I'm currently doing pretty much the same thing as volunteer work. Would you mind expanding more on the methods you use? My kids are in ages 8-12. One big problem is that I must find a way to have them work and explore on their own, but most of the tutorials and documentation that I know is good and up-to-date, is in the English language (and I'm Dutch, as are the kids). At that age they really can't yet read English very well. Of course the best solution to that problem is to spend some more time and try to find good Dutch HTML tutorials. They should be out there, it's just that my Internet bubble seems to be a bit anglo-centric :) Also if Python was invented by a Dutch guy, there should be some quality Dutch language material written on it, no? But apart from that, I also wonder if there's some other ways that do not involve reading manuals. While the cards thing seems interesting, I wonder whether the kids would be excited about it, it's not a school, they go there after school and are offered the opportunity to work on all sorts of technical projects with our guidance (there's also an electronics lab where they get to solder resistors and diodes and such to make flashing LEDs etc). I'm kind of looking at how the more "crafts" like departments have it easier (apart from electronics, there's wood, metal working, clay/pottery and more). There, the teacher can just show how to do something and explain, multiple kids can watch and then try it themselves. With the computers it's like they can't do very much or explore new things without me explaining them one-on-one. Which takes way too much time and also isn't really the best way to facilitate the "exploration" aspect (which is one of our goals). So I sort of know where the problems are, but I'm kind of stumped on how to fix them. Except for taking the time out to write tutorials (and perhaps some screencasts) myself. It would take a crazy amount of work to beat bandcamp.com in terms of quality and service. Start with making Fandalism's HTML less sluggish. And thus, FRACTINT was born! Be sure to not miss the final Appendix section, even if his Voronoi approach might not be the best approach for your particular map-generation needs (it really depends on your game IMO), there's a TON of links to great resources on various map-building topics: Technical things on Voronoi/Delaunay comp.geometry, general map building stuff for RPG/geofiction, Biological tables for determining plausible biomes, Geology references for plausible terrains and even a site on how to do pretty relief shading like is done on classic topographical maps! Nor does failing "to be really nice" equal "jerk move". Offering the refund was really nice. Asking to pay for the services would not have been a jerk move, because Amazon wasn't responsible for the extra costs either . I usually root for the little guy, but in this case, if anyone else might be expected to foot the bill, it should be Google for building a system that needlessly slurps 250GB/h without any apparent capping or rate-limiting, caused by a single spreadsheet . Just because Amazon S3 is huge and probably doesn't feel a thing doesn't mean it's a good idea, what if it were 500 spreadsheets doing this? What if that FeederBot were to gorge itself onto one Google's own CDNs? Sure it's probably just a drop in the ocean for Google as well, but I bet they'd rather not experience this "minor inefficiency". > If google were storing/caching these links, there would have been an outcry from those worried about user privacy and stuff. Where would we be without Google taking such a noble and strongly principled stance on user privacy, applied equally and consistently, striving to avoid legal responsibility, even when it costs unrelated parties thousands of dollars. For certain definitions of "manually" :) It's manually triggered to start downloading resources every hour regardless of whether someone needs them. In that sense, any web spider is "manually triggered" as well ;-) This article definitely took its sweet time to get to the point. Sure it's interesting, but the first thing I want to know is, "what did they do this time?", so I can decide whether maybe I already know about it or not. Certainly the story about developing new products for a failing healthcare industry is interesting, and I would love to have read about it, if I hadn't been skimming through "yeah yeah yeah and how did they prevent him from bringing it to market? skip skip skip, aha."--IMO, it's just wasting my time, though I would have gladly read the stories about the entrepeneurs if only they'd have gotten to the point first . Even though I thankfully don't have anything to do with the US healthcare system, I'd love to pass this story on to some of my friends that unfortunately do. Except I don't want to waste their time either. And that really is a missed opportunity to bring to light something rotten in the system, because of a badly written article. It was posts like this that made me decide to learn Python instead of Ruby, many years back when I was trying to decide what new scripting language to learn. I could not find any particular programming advantage of Python over Ruby or vice versa . But from the blog posts it was obvious which community I liked much better: Python's were to the point and technical, if making comparisons with Ruby they'd say they're both powerful languages and pick the one you like best. Ruby's blog posts were so much more about imago, "personality" and pointing out whatever (even irrelevant) attributes to prove that their thing was better than the other. Not so much Python vs Ruby btw, but also Ruby library X vs Y, or Ruby blogger P vs Q--it felt like everything in the Ruby community was some sort of popularity contest. On another note, I do agree that Django's website is a mess. And so are its docs, you're much better off using a great IDE like PyScripter and sail through the source code (not saying that's a good thing, on the contrary, just a bit of advice to anyone using Django ;-) ). But Django is hardly the only web framework out there. There's also a bunch of really nice and clean Python sites out there. I really like the looks of Armin Ronacher's stuff, for instance Jinja2. Oh good, then at least next time when Siemens develops and helps deploy more Internet censoring infrastructure for oppressive regimes again, there'll be some backdoors in it! This is what I love about HN, always looking to turn a bad situation in to a profitable startup! > Really? In my experience, Django has about the best documentation of any open source web framework. How are the docs lacking? It's been a few years so I don't recall exactly (and maybe it has improved) but I just found myself browsing and clicking around to re-read particular chapters all the time, that I could only reach via an unintuitive sequence of 2 or 3 clicks. Only when I found that the docstrings inside Django's code, plus the function signatures and the (IMO very well-written) code itself, were much more useful--as long as you have an IDE that allows one to ctrl-click an identifier to jump to its definition (cross-file/module), only then I got a better grasp on what Django was doing and how it worked. But then, that's the general take I got from Django after using it for some time: As long as you strictly stay within the "batteries included", it's absolutely great, and the documentation is probably wonderful and sufficient. But as soon as you need to develop your own `ImageFileWithMultipleSizesThumbnailAndExtraCheeseField`, you really need to dive into the innards of the code, the documentation starts lacking, and it's like they never even considered that sometimes your customers prefer their database fields with extra cheese. Hey but I'm not here to bash Django, it's a great framework (and so is Rails, btw). It's just that next time when I need something like it, I'm going to try and use one of those WSGI things with SQLAlchemy and see how that works for me. I'll probably really miss the automatic admin though. > I don't think I've ever actually accessed the Python docs in any other way in fact. Same goes for Django. They're clean, static HTML, totally trivial for search engines to index and you always get just what you think you're getting when you click over from a search engine. I usually download them as local static HTML so I can also access them when I'm coding without stray wireless packets floating in the air. > Dear Python, Why Are You So Ugly? Well, once upon a time Python had a beautiful documentation website with lovely illustrations and cute stories. But then the fairy princess elf who made it threw a hissy-fit, disappeared from the Internet and took all their content offline with them, without telling anyone why. Ever since then we've been recycling Monty Python jokes, because hopefully John Cleese is above that sort of thing. > it's not being fat, although I am, it's that for some reason the muscle tone in my neck sucks hehe, jeez, I really wonder why "for some reason" the muscle tone in his neck sucks ... that said, having to repeatedly pay $2k for sleep studies that tell you nothing new before you get any treatment is really crappy. even if the first type of treatment should be a dietician and a personal trainer, not a fancy machine. and even then , if you have a fancy machine that is doing important health related tasks for you (possibly you're even trusting it with your life), I don't think there should be any question whatsoever about the user of said machine being allowed to know exactly how this machine works. as for liability, just have people sign off on the liability if they make any modifications or change settings to the machine since the last checkup by a medical expert, if you make modifications it becomes your own responsibility, that only makes sense. So, first you argue that UTF-8 without BOM might split glyphs at incorrect places, and then it's pointed out that UTF-8 with BOM concatenates files incorrectly, and somehow this is also an argument for using BOM? I'm sorry but it's obvious both approaches have rather symmetrical opportunities to produce bugs. So in that case the best choice seems to be the simplest one. Which is the one without BOM. Wait, there's no Python interpreter for Android? Really? I even had Python on my old Nokia S60 Symbian ... Hey look everybody, common ground between HN and Reddit! They both dislike The Big Bang Theory references! He called it the "Yoyo" technique[1]. It doesn't work very well anymore, because Google's results are all quirky these days (you don't actually get what you literally search for, but what Google guesses what you intend to find). [1] http://www.searchlores.org/yoyo1.htm (try to read past the preachy anti-commercialism, he could get kind of hot about that--whether you agree or not, there's troves of knowledge to be gained from that site) And that it directly adds to an already successful search engine. Of course you can put all those keyword searches into your browser. The only difference is that DDG has already made a huge selection, so you don't have to, anymore. So basically, DDG probably has a whole bunch of !bang searches that you simply had not thought of to create your own keywords for, yet. And when you need it, it's already there. There are also a few !bang queries that are not external searches, such as one for rolling dice (it can do !roll 3d6+3). Another minor difference is that you can add the !bang keyword anywhere inside the query, also at the end. Being able to add it at the end makes it easier to "ok let's try this on another search engine". Doesn't work on Opera! :-/ > I'd take violent anarchists, Buddhists, and Nazis in a team if I could make it work. Just keep the bad behavior offsite. If you'd do that, good luck keeping your bad behaviour of knowingly hiring Nazis off-site. Or "violent ". What level of violence are we talking about btw, that this employee that you hired for your team actually bombs things outside the workplace, or that s/he merely stabs or beats up people outside the workplace? Or do you mean as long as they're able to keep the bad behaviour outside the workplace well enough so you can plausibly claim you couldn't have known about it when you hired them. > I do not want to live in your homogenized world. LOL tell that to the Nazis you'd have no problems hiring despite their "natural personality flaws"! All popular software-synthesizer knob controls adjust the value by dragging vertically. Including the really well-designed ones like Ableton Live. Which is why this piece of UI is rather counter-intuitive, and it's obvious the author hasn't ever really used any other software with knob controls. But even then, I kinda think knob controls aren't very user-friendly either way. I can sort of understand their usage in software synths as a skeuomorph, but that's about it. It's the wrong UX for sound related apps because in that industry people expect to adjust knob controls by dragging on them up or down so they're going to be confused and decide these knob controls are "wrong". Yeah but what has BOF really been doing lately? They're just reporting this, it's not like we have them to thank for it. And in the mean time BREIN manages to sue Dutch ISPs into blackholing TPB. I really wonder whether my monthly donation is doing much good. I'll keep donating, but it'd be nice to see some ( recent ) successes. Aw come on, if HN's UI would be "advanced"[0] enough that it would collapse low-scoring comments[1], it would actually make sense to downvote this. But now it just seems petty. [0] you know, like Reddit. [1] or if its HTML wouldn't be so horrid to make me give up in despair every time I think to script myself such a thing (as none of the existing 3rd party solutions seem to have gone through the trouble of testing on Opera) First of, I agree that it's not quite "searching without pagerank". > It's just telling the search engine to ignore the first X results Nope, a lot of people seem to be confused about this: It doesn't drop the first X results, but it removes the top X most popular websites from its index--the same ones for every query. That's why this technique works so well, even if you just drop the top 1000 most popular websites, most of these sites you have probably already seen many times and/or know about. So by dropping them, you're ensured to get results that are fresh and new. Of course how well this works for you really depends on what kind of ~seeker you are. If you're the kind of person that searches Google only to click on the first Wikipedia link instead of searching Wikipedia straight away (assuming you got a shortcut for that), these shortslashed searches will turn out disappointing. "But before I did the search, I didn't know yet that Wikipedia would be the most useful result!", some might say. But they probably knew whether they were looking for a download page, company address or a definition/explanation, right? In the last case, how often did your top 10 Google results contain a useful result that was not Wikipedia? Not that often, in my experience. Usually you get some other links from About.com, Dictionary.com, and some stores like Apple or Amazon. Usually there's just one obvious correct result among the 10, or it's just not there and your search is going to be a frustrating one because tweaking keywords to improve your results has become impossibly unintuitive with Google's recent "I know what you really mean" approach. So that's another thing, as long as you know when you want to head straight for a tried-and-true reference (wikipedia, dictionary, HN search--I find DDG's !bang searches useful for these when I don't have them configured as shortcuts yet), not only does removing the top X sites give you fresh and new results, also your first page of results will be a varied palette out of the possible interpretations of your keywords (which you can use to refine), instead of a unity sausage (aka, a UNOX). Bean bag chair! > I'm pretty sure that just by having done that IAmA alone, that guy has already done greater good to humanity than 99% of all human beings on this planet ever will. Can you explain? I really don't understand? Because it's making people more security-conscious or something? Funny how everybody on the employer's side likes to grab hypothetical agreements and contracts out of thin air. It does now! Great work! Oh wow, a blank white screen. Took me a while to figure out what's going on, but I disabled Javascript for google.com (makes their search result pages so much less annoying). Guess they forgot to put a "please enable JS to view this" message in. But it looks nice! I haven't watched it entirely yet, though. > It's difficult for me to respect a community that feels entitled to someone else's hard work (and without their permission). Are you talking about pirates or the media lobby / "watchdog" organisations? While I can't speak for the US based organisations--though it would surprise me if it were any different--the Dutch organisations such as BREIN and BUMA are well-known for being unaccountable money black holes, most of it not ending up at the producing artists, but .. well .. I can only guess that there must be quite a bunch of quasi-non-government-employees living very comfortably. Other examples, the BUMA feels entitled to be compensated for the hard work of artists paid by Stichting Gastvrij ("Hospitality Foundation"), hotels and restaurant chains that commissioned uncopyrighted ambient/background music for use in hospitality settings (classical, italian, japanese, elevator, etc) free for use by all in the hospitality business. Normally they have to pay some monthly fee for the right to play any music, which, supposedly, in some mysterious sense finds it way back to the proper artists. But the restaurants, especially the smaller ones that could not afford lawyers, of course got threatening letters when they stopped paying this fee, because even though the music they were now playing was rights-free, the BUMA still felt entitled to be compensated for other people's hard work. And then there's Stichting BREIN, the chairman of which feels entitled to other people's hard work in the form of police-confiscated laptops. I'm pretty sure that the actual music industry and artists would be much better off without these criminal types ensuring their "protection". Additionally I make sure that the money I pay goes as directly as possible to the record label and/or artist. Usually the music I find worth buying is from smaller labels or independent artists, and I really wonder how any money I could pay to, say, Spotify would hypothetically find its way to them. Your definition is correct, but Real-time can mean different things in different contexts. For instance, I never hear anyone argue when a Demoscene production is called "real-time" (as they nearly always are), that it should in fact be called "soft real-time" (which is what they really are in the context you're talking about--framerates can drop). So while you're technically correct (the best kind of correct), failing to acknowledge it's perfectly acceptable to use the term "real-time" in other contexts as well, is just going to make you pedantically correct (which is not a very good kind of correct). I made copper bars once, just for having done them. I guess by the time I got into democoding (96/97 or so), they didn't impress as much anymore. It was cool that they were technically full-colour in a 256c screenmode, but apart from that they were just horizontal coloured bars to me :) However there was another very useful trick to changing colours wrt sync. Basically you wanted to have all the gfx drawing done before the vertical retrace (which is quite a bit longer than the horizontal one), then flip the buffer (during) so you'd get a flickerless display at full framerate. Now if you'd change palette colour 0 (background, including screen edges) to red right after the flip, and then back to black again after your drawing routines are done and you begin waiting for the vsync again, you got to see the top of your screen's background red, up until some percentage of the screen height. This was basically your performance meter. Code more complex routines and the red area becomes bigger. Add even more calculations, it gets to the bottom of the screen, and when it gets too far you won't be done calculating before the next vsync and your framerate drops to half. Some times I even micro-optimized bits of assembly code by marking the position with pencil on a post-it on the side of the monitor to see if switching around some instructions would make it go up or down a few millimeters :) It really was that stable (given you did exactly the same calculations every frame--which is often the case for demos, but probably not for games). That is, until Windows came along: multitasking meant you were going to miss that vsync every once in a while and the red bar jumping up and down like crazy. What? No. As an outsider, it is yet another example that both your parties are perfectly worthless. "Hey, Democrats, here's an argument you should use" is only partisan if there was a snowflake's chance in hell that they'd actually do something. But the Big People with their arms in the puppet on the right don't want that just as little as the ones fisting the puppet on the left. Four years after replacing the Beast with the Smiler, and what have you learned? "Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos" 2038 is going to be a fun one, isn't it? :) "Carbon copy" is not an outdated term, I use or see other people use one at least weekly: receipts, package delivery, doctors recipe, etc. It might not be actual carbon, though. > why is a computer like a writing desk? Because Poe raved on both? I need to remind myself to say "folder" because the kids (8-12) I teach probably won't get it if I say "directory"--and then getting them to grasp the concept of local and remote files (for making websites) ... in the presence of the way-too-useful-not-to-have but again completely different concept of "Dropbox folder" ... :D GREAT FUN!! No, really :) And yes, the floppy disk. Whenever I want to feel old I ask one of them if they know what that icon is, and whether they ever seen one. Best answer: "Yes ... I think I saw one at my grandmother's house ..." Then I tell them it would fit barely half an mp3 and tell them how many you'd need for the same storage as this 2GB Micro-SD the size of my fingernail :D I love living in the future! I could imagine a "thought bubble", as used in cartoons, for the clipboard. Ok you'd have to be careful to distinguish it from a cloud icon (not very hard), but that would perfectly fit the metaphor in my head whenever I copy/paste: to have the computer "keep something in mind", remember something, strictly short-term memory of course. I agree, I wondered about that same snippet. And I tested with the `timeit` module, there's not really much of a performance difference either (although the version with `not` is slightly faster, it's just by less than a percent or so). Not really. So did he get married or did someone hack Zuckerberg's account to change status to married, or is it a joke, or is it something entirely different? The title tells me nothing, and I should probably use a search engine to check what's actually going on. And if it turns out Zuckerberg simply got married, I just wasted my time researching celebrity gossip. Thanks. To be fair, they seem a cute couple and the pic made me smile. You can get Consolas (and the other 'C' fonts) by installing MS Powerpoint Viewer. > the fact that we must somehow be 'genetically' predisposed to liking golden ratios, etc This is not a fact. There is absolutely no research evidence that people tend to prefer the golden ratio of 1.618.. over other ratios. Especially it's very doubtful people would have a preference compared to the nearby simple ratios of small numbers 1.5 and 1.666. Fibonacci-like sequences pop up in a few specific growth models in nature, which often converge to the golden ratio ( if the growth is perfect and unhampered by external factors). Mostly in plants. Particularly not in nautilus shell spirals (that's a legend, based on cherry-picking and sloppy measurements) and also not in spiral galaxies, or fiddlehead ferns. It's still fascinating stuff, but it's even more fascinating if you ask to see proof of all these outlandish claims, and learning about the underlying principles behind the actual phenomenon. First thing that popped in my head for a "Lorem Image" would be Lena: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lenna Of course it's not quite a placeholder image used in design, but still the closest I could think of. Not only that, but Stichting BREIN (sponsored by the US media industry) also successfully got the court to gag a Dutch political party from mentioning The Pirate Bay in the context of circumventing blocks, on their website. Does BPython play nice with matplotlib/pylab yet? Last time I was very impressed with its functionality, but I could get it to draw a graph properly. Fortunately, IPython, especially with the new --qtconsole, is also very very good. Why? I'm already not using Facebook products because they have no respect for user privacy. IMO they have very definitely crossed a line in the past, several times even. That has consequences. Additionally, Opera is the only European browser. That may sound stupid, but it's part of the things I can do to put as much distance between me and that messed up country the US of A. Getting bought by some huge US corporation is yet another vector to subpoena my shit or the US gov to influence my life. Chromebooks? > "The Chromebox is a fast, compact home or office device." That means nothing to me. Fast, compact device used in homes and offices. A microwave maybe? Or maybe a novel type of stapler? Printers are either fast or compact, but not usually both. So that would be quite innovative. I bet it makes a mean espresso, though. Finally we may learn how it's possible what tiny fraction of those tens of petabytes of data (25? I forget) held hostage actually consists of content that the RIAA/MPAA holds rights to (back of the envelope calcs in another thread showed that there's simply not enough Hollywood movies been made to get to 5% of that amount, even if they were all encoded as 10GB BluRay rips--which the majority of movies produced is not available as). It's the Porn Industry that should be suing for infringement, if anyone. Even then, given the sheer amount of data stored on MegaUpload, IMO there's actually a fair possibility (though not a given) that at least a significant part of that data does not infringe anything. Copyright-infringing data is a finite resource, There's a huge amount of it, sure, but on the scale of petabytes it's finite and very non-trivial to get such amounts of it. Non-infringing but useful data, however, is still pretty much infinite at that level. There's logs, generated stuff, calculations, measurements, renderings, database backups. It's guesswork, but I don't think it's improbable either. I'd really love to see a rundown of it, one day. And if it really turns out that a significant part of MegaUpload's data is indeed infringing content owned by the MPAA/RIAA, I'd be really curious to find out what part of my estimates were so wrong. > What? Quite the contrary, the "rule of law" is stronger than ever. > And that's precisely the problem, as the justice system needs to calm down on passing and enforcing laws that restrict our freedoms and constitutional rights. Nonsense, that's not your problem at all. The problem is: A right that doesn't hold for everybody is not a right, but a privilege. Your "rule of law" does not apply equally to everyone, and the only thing that is strong is the "rule of privilege". Your constitution is a centuries old document whose interpretation is up for grabs to anyone. It, and one half of your legal system isn't even codified, like a sane legal system would. All countries that trace their legal heritage back to England are still stuck with a "Common Law" system (about 1/3rd of the world) instead of writing down their laws in (sufficiently) unambiguous legal code (don't tell me legal code can't be unambiguous until you've seen a proper example of Civil Law legal system[1]), like the rest of the world. I've seen people pour over this Constitution and the Bill of Rights of yours and try to divine some wisdom from it, say about a right to bear arms, and then another person pointing out some incomprehensible old-English sentence that supposedly mean this or that, and apparently people are allowed to have different opinions about what these documents really mean and this is taken seriously ... WTF??? You might as well stick to interpreting the Bible to base your legal decisions on ... I mean, I'm all for people having the right to their own opinion and shit, with one exception, and that is the interpretation of legal code. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_law_(legal_system) Indeed, but it does work like that for trademarks.