Joel is light on the technical details. He's old enough to remember when C was going to be the language for everything. But not guru enough to mention or properly analyze anything else from that time. (Eiffel, Forth) Joel is just one of the mainstream programmer sheeple, just louder and with a bit of panache. Dvorak has enough balls to make a prediction. Does that make him clever? There's no fundamental reason why the iPhone couldn't have Android as well, or at least some level of compatibility. Also, if Android = DOS, I note that DOS did not end up a big win for IBM, who made the hardware. In fact, DOS was one of the standards that helped to turn hardware into a commodity. The screen technology developed for the OLPC has the potential to benefit mobile devices tremendously. A multi-touch pad the size of the OLPC would kick-ass. Interactivity is what makes electronic devices compelling. It would make the Kindle look like a clunky thing from the Victorian age by comparison. The semantics of that are no different than a case statement. (Unless this is in a performace-critical loop, and you'd gain something though a compiler optimization of the case statement.) You're equating using case statement syntax to good programming? That's the best example you have of a "mess?" That makes me suspect that you don't think about programming at a very high level and that you like making largely arbitrary changes to code for (unacknowledged) ego-driven reasons. Array indexing is just another way of getting it done. Often a case statement is going to be faster. 90% of the time, it just doesn't matter. If you're getting paid for doing such useless code changes, you might as well get paid for surfing Y Combinator news. Perhaps that's why the original programmer is a successful founder, and you're fixing the code. > You suspect wrong. Don't suspect. Ask and find out. Don't have to ask. You actually think minutiae at this level is interesting discussion. That's evidence against you. > Do you really think "faster" is what's most important? As I said before in the thread, over 90% of the time, no. Actually, more like 98%, no, so we are in agreement about nanoseconds. I only included the quip about performance for completeness. True, the array indexing code is much shorter. That can be worthwhile. If your project has gotten to the point that these sorts of things are actually worth your time pursuing, then you're doing very well. But that would mean that all your bugs are fixed, there are no more pressing architectural issues, and there are no highly demanded bits of new functionality to implement. In other words, your project would be practically dead. Reducing a 600 line subsystem to 100 lines would be a big deal. Reducing 12 lines to 2? Nope. It runs. Reducing 12 lines to 2 in 500 different spots around your codebase? Well, if that's the case then I'm sorry that you have to put up with that all over the place, but at least it's correct. Again, if your highest priority is cleaning up stuff like that, then you probably have it easy. Too easy. He just posts a basic code snippet and then says "good luck figuring that out." Seems like he's just appealing to those who don't know and who don't want to know, but who are happy to have some blogger confirm their prejudices. Sounds like he's lost his faith in Lisp uber-alles, but not necessarily in high-level languages or dynamic languages. It's a big missing feature in Java and Python. If programming languages are for making programming easier, then it's clearly a mistake to use just one language to write programs. Different languages are optimal for different areas of concern. Rob Pike spent 6 months writing a language optimized for concurrency, then wrote an entire windowing system in just 300 lines. If a programming language is a tool, then people have been advocating doing everything with a hammer. What if we had a way of combining many different languages, so that each area of concern could be written in the language which is optimal for it? I think one of the strengths of Lisp, is that it's its own abstract syntax tree. In some ways it's more like a substrate for implementing other languages than a conventional computer language. What if we had a substrate that let us use multiple languages together? Google Tech Talk on Newsqueak & High level abstractions for concurrency: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=810232012617965344&#... Alan Kay tried to design Smalltalk as a sort of friendlier dynamic language like Lisp. So instead of lists of things, you have named slots in objects. From one point of view, an ecosystem is the opposite of a vacuum. And yes, you should develop software in one of those. I work in a Smalltalk shop, where we extend and maintain an application that has been around over a decade. During the maintenance part of our job, it would be really nice to have type declarations on variables. For maintenance, the more dependable information we have, the better! The fewer things that can escape as runtime exceptions, the better! Not having static typing makes new development faster, but maintenance is harder. What would be ideal is an optional typing system like Strongtalk. As parts of the system mature, they would become statically typed. This gives us the best of both worlds. A problem with this, is that often the WTF go unsaid in public due to political reasons. My boss is the one who exclaims WTF the most in public. However, he generates a heck of a lot of WTF in private. Also, many of the WTF we generate are actually due to our coding around his WTFs. This is just a restatement of the Principle of Least Astonishment http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_astonishment As a consultant, I met a lot of people in organizations with very useful (but decayed) applications in maintenance mode who just were there 9 to 5 for a paycheck. They had no interest in architecture or patterns or learning more about their craft at all. To them, it was just drudgery. More shocking, years earlier in graduate school, I met a fellow student who old me, "To heck with understanding this. Just give me the answer so I can get my diploma!" She wanted to go into management. Back in 1997, I met a programming idiot. He was one of those C programmers who regarded programming as a kind of "magic." He didn't understand anything about virtual machine semantics and separation of processes. Well, he moved to Atlanta for an $80k job, which he got through connections from his church, which was also a significant increase from his IT job at a public TV station. No, the labor market is not perfect! I wonder how creationists score on this thing? What about Y^n Combinator? Y^n convinces our client's client's competition's competition to spend time thinking about meta-startups, thus preventing them from producing anything useful, which obviates the need for acquiring them in the first place. But this is only the precursor to Ackerman(Y) Combinator. But even thinking about that one makes my head spin. I still have a T22 with Libranet (Debian) Linux on it. The keyboard light was great! (Much cheaper than a backlit-keyboard, and accomplished the same thing. But I do everything nowadays on my old G4 Powerbook. There are times with a sufficiently high level dynamic language, where you can usefully and quickly pair program your high level design. The ideal platform for this is a desktop on a table (not a concave cublicle desk, just a flat table) with a wireless keyboard. The Electric Company. Spider-Man! Nobody knows who you are! Dell laptops are great if you consider maintenance and repair. I spilled a whole glass of red wine on my Dell Inspiron 1710. Order a $20 keyboard, pull off a piece of trim and undo two screws, do the reverse operations with the new keyboard, and I'm done! It wouldn't have been so easy with my G4 Powerbook! I know, because I've taken it apart a bunch of times, once to upgrade the hard drive. The thing has screws that could be used by watchmakers, and lots of them! IIRC, the application I am working on right now uses 128 bit ids. In fact, I believe that they are just randomly generated. Since each row we fetch is already quite large, the extra 64 bits isn't much of a cost, but the ability to generate new IDs without any overhead or communication between processes is very beneficial. (The app is distributed between as many as 300 machines, all of which try their best to keep in sync with each other in realtime.) We just have to be careful about how the id generators are seeded. Actually, it's not Erlang, but Smalltalk. We don't have to make sure they're unique, that's the whole point. There are far less than 4 billion objects in the system. The changes of a collision are minuscule. The VisualWorks Smalltalk JIT VM is another example. It has been in development since 1989, and it shows. I can write an infinite loop that does nothing but allocate, slip that into someone's image, start it, and they wouldn't even notice! The common practice in Smalltalk is to just extend Smalltalk so that it becomes a powerful domain specific language for your application. Most everything in Smalltalk is just an ordinary message send (procedure call) so any good programming where you Don't Repeat Yourself ends up being a domain specific language. I work in a Smalltalk shop where we get around Smalltalk's lack of Interfaces/Multiple Inheritance with State/Strategy objects. That's not so unusual. What goes against the grain is our eschewing polymorphism in that one situation, instead having case statements for the different object types. My boss prefers that because he feels it's better from a code management standpoint. The rest of us just quietly acknowledge to ourselves that it's not real OO, and play along. Surprisingly, it works well, probably because it discourages us from making those things too complicated. The frameworks/APIs used by those objects have to be clean. This is CueCat all over again? Except that the hardware for reading the codes isn't junk sent out on venture capital. It's just every already existing camera phone. Sometimes their basic science has been lacking. (Compressed air jet-boat was supposed to work by "pushing against the water"?) Though they have been improving, I've noticed. I want a version of Gmail that can run offline on my iPhone. I currently use Gmail, and it works fine with my iPhone's Mail program, but the paradigm shift between it and Gmail is a bit of a pain. iPhone's Mail doesn't have search, and doesn't organize things by thread. If someone at Google can port offline Gmail over to the iPhone, that would be two shades of awesome! Get an old 4GB iPhone secondhand as your test machine. He's right. Anyone who's been a true musician or a true artist eventually realizes that the "products" are just messages. They are not exclusively an end in themselves. They are messages about awareness. They are communications from one life to another. Really, the important thing is the life lived, and the inner life shared. This is why museums are nothing but directories or a table of contents. This is why "intellectual property" is so absurd. A musician's "product" is as much a message as someone's blog post. One hopes that the message is understood and absorbed and possibly re-transmitted with elaborations and new insights. Poor PR is one of the things that happened to Smalltalk. "Don't complain, only code," is good advice. That should also extend to: "Don't Hype." Smalltalk, Java, Python, and Ruby all made the same mistake, however. They started gaining prominence before they got fast enough. We need to stop making the same mistakes again and again. There's no reason why even a late-binding Pure Object language shouldn't run at 25% of the speed of compiled C on many benchmarks. There's no reason why programs in these languages shouldn't be widely known to be faster than naive implementations in C. In other words, capitalism is a treadmill! Even music "in and of itself" says something about the perception of sound. Note that I am talking specifically about "awareness." Not politics or philosophy. If you are a refined listener, then you are aware of these things on at least a subconscious level. I also hate it when artists and musicians spout muzzy-headed nonsense. But there are others who have had their awareness informed by what they practice. Sometimes they even have something good to say in interviews. Sturgeon's law applies here as well. Back in the day, we used to call this the [JustQuit Pattern]( http://www.c2.com/cgi/wiki?QuitSuddenly ) In E. F. Schumacher's Small is Beautiful ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small_is_Beautiful ) there is a corporation described chartered in such a way as to not get "too large." In this case, "too large" is considered to be more than 350, which was considered by some to be the upper bound for a functional "village." But the particular value of N is not important. What is important is that this corporation was chartered to undergo mitosis and divide in half, forming two new companies with an equivalent charter. In _Small is Beautiful_ each corporation would have a relationship with one being a subsidiary, which would introduce "bossiness." Perhaps the charter could be modified so that neither spawn was subservient to the other? Freakonomics covers this in their book. Realtors are motivated to do as many transactions as possible, so they are not the best negotiators. They will settle for a so-so price to get transactions done so they earn more money per unit time. There is even academic research to support this. Someone should implement Randall Munroe's proposal, so that repetitive and cliche phrases are automatically "demoted" -- which would mean that they appear on the bottom -- with the penalty getting exponentially worse, so it starts out as a mild chiding at first, then escalates. EDIT: Come to think of it, I knew this crazy guy about 10 years ago. He was so gung-ho about being "truly alive" that he tried his damnedest to never say the same 4 words twice. This made it impossible for him to give driving directions! Down voting is too easy to abuse. Reddit was being gamed in this way -- certain users were down-voting everything, which made being a new poster starting out an almost automatic karma penalty of a few points. They've made the down-vote penalty milder because of this. I taught him how to program in Perl, and when I left he was working as a Perl coder for a public television station. He also got married to a very interesting and quirky woman, so don't count crazy antics out. This review irks me. The reviewer seems to have no idea about what contributes or detracts from the performance of different kinds of apps. The most likely culprit for the slow performance is the 4200 RPM drive. The processor and 2GB of RAM should do fine for most purposes. Just having a small amount of extra accounts can make a big difference if you can down-vote stories at the very beginning. This gives the unmolested stories a big head-start. I think that reddit implemented different behavior for the first hour of a story's life for this reason. I agree the author is misinformed, though I also agree with him that relational databases suck, especially if you are doing object oriented programming. I'm not sure what is better, however. Also, most of the corporate world is firmly ensconced in the relational database mindset. This makes interacting with them difficult if you do not also "speak relational." I've been working with Smalltalk, which was Alan Kay's creation. Most implementations are not what he intended -- at one Smalltalk Solutions keynote he excoriated all of us. He said that he never intended Smalltalk to become a programming language. He wanted to create a Montessori toy for the mind. That said, I don't think that Smalltalk as a programming language is that far from what he intended. He just never intended it to stop there. Only one down-vote a week? If you reduce the frequency like that, then that's just another way of weakening down-voting, which is what reddit seemingly did to their downvotes. There is strong scientific evidence that pretty much all "Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity" is just incorrectly attributed anxiety and stress. http://skeptoid.com/episodes/4072 I went to a home improvement store to get some roller blinds cut. I needed these to be cut to exact measurements, because I have trouble sleeping. I bring the blinds to where the machine is and press the button. I note that the blade on this thing is just held on by a screw clamp to a piece of metal marked out like a ruler, so I could get any length I requested. Well, this girl shows up and tries to tell me that the machine doesn't do fractions . WTF? Is our math education so bad that we have people in the workforce who don't want to deal with 5/16ths? How long before it can perform martial arts? Give it a configuration like this one: http://images.rottentomatoes.com/images/movie/trailer/100130... I'm still using a G4 Powerbook. The aluminum mac laptops are a pain to disassemble. The MacBook Pros are improved over the Powerbooks, but you're still dealing with lots of little jeweler's screws. If that's not an issue, then I think Mac laptops are great. Also, do not drop them on their hinges. That won't necessarily break them, but they will get distorted and not close in exactly the same way again. I also own an old Thinkpad T22. I like them as no-nonsense laptops that run Linux well. But if you want something that is just put together and just works, and ultimate ruggedness and graphics card speed is not a priority, I recommend the Mac. Yeah, the design aspect is great. The thing looks great, it fits anywhere, but if you need to repair/upgrade the thing, it's a major pain! More like bad/insufficient data defeats even good algorithms. When we recommend movies to friends, we are often using very different and more useful information than what's in the Netflix database. Better run those old browsers in a sandbox! >When you break it down, Graham's argument from evolution goes like this: our ancestors worked in groups of eight or so, therefore humans evolved to work in groups of eight or so, therefore contemporary humans will be more alive and fulfilled working in groups of eight or so. >In a general sense, this is the logical fallacy known as the "appeal to nature" -- the idea that what's natural is ipso facto good or right. There is no reason to believe this: plenty of natural things are neither good nor right. Paul is not saying that working in groups of about 8 is not "good or right." He's saying that it's satisfying and functional. It's perfectly reasonable to say that something we were evolved to do is something we do well, and something we were not evolved to do, we have trouble with. Satisfying and functional is often good and right, but in my personal system, it is sometimes not. I could start cheating on my girlfriend pretty easily, but that would not be "good and right" to me, though it would arguably be satisfying and functional for me. Sometimes it seems satisfying and functional for me to punch people in the face. The problem with "satisfying and functional" = "good and right" is that both sides of that equation are highly complex, contextual, and subjective. At first I thought it was a search engine for finding virgins. Nope. It's neutral. Roth's contribution is probably not dishonest, it's just shoddy thinking. Paul is not saying that there's some kind of moral or ethical imperative to working in small groups. He just observes that it works well. So there is no fallacy, though I can see how Roth could have gotten this mixed up. Second, it is just silly to try to refute the notion that we might be good at and enjoy anything we might have evolved to do. For one thing, that's clearly the case -- evolution works well. For another thing, PG's not trying to prove anything, he's relating his personal experience and forwarding a theory that might explain it. The fact that people were so bothered by this is the most telling fact. As Abbie Hoffman used to say, if someone ever says something that gets your goat, they struck gold! I am also working on an MMO. It's a space game. My spin is that everything in this game will be emergent. The players can design and play anything in this game, or it will evolve through genetic algorithms. I've worked out how to do most of this. I'm still working out how to evolve NPC ship AIs, but that's not the most important. Also, everything in this game will be scriptable. Users will be able to create programs to control anything, then license those programs to other users to make money. They will also be able to license designs. Exponential proliferation of designs and scripts is prevented by limiting designs per user to some maximum number. Basically, I'm going to make a MMO, where the developers are out of the business of creating content. The users create the most compelling content anyhow. Oh, and the "gold farmers" -- I'm going to have them writing content for me! You can't beat market forces. Better to co-opt them. You can think of this as Second Life in Space, with much easier implementation requirements. I've been named stcredzero for a very long time. Nope, this is the first time I've spilled the beans. Games, tunes, videos. Though you could do these on much less hardware! Currently, I'm using Panda3D, which is compilable on OSX, though it's not supported in teh main branch yet. What I mean when I say that the "users make the best content anyway" is that most people just ignore game-company produced "content" or just figure out how to blow through it to get the items. What takes the place of such "content" is the real content -- players vying against players to achieve their own varied and often conflicting goals. What players have done to me and with me has excited, terrified, exhilarated, and entertained me 50X more than any game content ever has. There are certain elements of "content" for which there will be "structured content creation." Players will be able to design new items. They will be able to play as whole factions if they want. (Using a distinct RTS style of play, controlling an entire economy of autonomous drones.) But there will be no drudgery of missions, no mining, no leveling up, no camping. Only either the action of combat, or the management of wealth generating economies. It will be like Second Life, but everything will be a Ship, an inert object in space, or an Item to be used aboard a ship. Users will be able to design Ships and Items, but only after they have built and supplied a special ship outfitted as a Research Facility and operated it for a certain period of time. Designs will be vetted at first, but this will transition to a Slashdot-like moderation system. The galaxy will be procedurally generated. There will be millions if not billions of star systems. You will not be able to bookmark arbitrary locations in space, however. (Hyperspace is extremely chaotic and changing, so any jump to a coordinate in "Real" space will always be randomized and never precise.) You must drop an item called a "beacon" to be able to warp back to a specific location. A user will only be able to afford a certain number of beacons. Relativity? Not right now. You will be able to fly a ship in "Newtonian" mode, but with a speed limit (due to collision implementation issues.) The ship will also fly in "inertialess" mode which will be like the way ships fly in Star Wars. Performance of ships in "inertialess" mode will be comparable to that in Newtonian, just with less flexibility. One interesting twist to ship design, will be that the shape of your ship will actually change its stats in meaningful ways. For example, if you have a ship that uses armor for protection, then having the hull of your ship angled like an arrowhead will give you higher armor values from the forward direction. (And much weaker from the sides and rear.) Having a ship which is longer will also improve the performance of axial mount weapons. However, increased length, size and mass also have drawbacks, as it will reduce your maximum turning rate and the rate at which you can change angular momentum. Components will require some internal volume, so you won't be able to make an invulnerable Death Pencil. The game will have elements of "space opry" and not just have hard science fiction. I want people to experience the thrill of epic space battles. There will also be exploration and trade. Right now, I'm using Wings 3d for polygonal models as in the old Elite game. I'm not an artist. I'm going to hire one or two artists to make it look good. Player scripting doesn't seem to alienate people in Second Life. Maybe there's something I don't know. Scripting will not be required to play. You will be able to buy scripts from weapon developers, who will finally be worthy of the name. Faction players will need pilots. Their AI drones will never be a match for human pilots in player ships. On the other hand, pilots will need factions -- otherwise it will be hard to generate enough wealth for the very best high tech equipment. I would like to have player avatars in the future. We will start out with ships, however. Ugh. First of all, "protaganists" is misspelled. Second, the word is either misused, or he has people who are like opponents primarily because they do Ruby. Thirdly, he was mistaken about the technical terms for describing what he was doing. All that said, I still find that it's an interesting hack. I really wish that a lot of the non computer-science people I have to work with knew at least a smattering of what it means that something is O(n^2) versus O(n log(n)). In fact, I sometimes wish that programmers who I've had to work with understood! Something like this used to happen at GM. The prestige of engineering groups was proportional to the amount of space they took up under the hood. So every group was incented to make their subsystem bigger and bigger. Some think this is the reason why American cars got so big in the 50's. Another place where Cringely gets it wrong -- Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) does matter in terms of virtualization. He's getting virtualization mixed up with emulation. Unless you can execute a lot of X86 commands natively, you basically can't virtualize in the manner of VMWare. So a PowerPC based chip will be only able to emulate an X86 operating system in software at a significant performance penalty -- unless you happen to re-implement a lot of X86 in hardware. Perhaps multi-platform multi core chips will become the norm? Who knows? Probably not Cringely. Free time is not just a recent thing. Back in our hunter-gatherer days, many of us had tons of free time. Even as agriculturalists, it was common for people to have to devote zero time to work for months on end. At times like this, young people could sing, dance, and play music for over 12 hours a day. There were places in Ireland that were like this in living memory. Good point! SomaFM is a good source. Space Station Soma would put me to sleep all the time while I was playing Eve. Charles Pellegrino/George Zebrowski covers this in _The Killing Star_ (1995). They reason as follows: 1. Any species will place its own survival before that of a different species. 2. Any species that has made it to the top on its planet of origin will be intelligent, alert, aggressive, and ruthless when necessary. 3. They will assume that the first two rules apply to us. So any starfaring species might well destroy another starfaring species -- immediately. In _The Killing Star_ the aliens do so at the first opportunity with high-powered relativistic bombardment. The power that they use dwarfs that generated by asteroid impacts and past mass extictions. They blanket the entire hemisphere of planets with relativistic projectiles! The earth is taken out entirely in just two shots. http://sites.inka.de/mips/reviews/TheKillingStar.html Yes, but we tend to collaborate with members of our own species and enslave/butcher/experiment on other species. Even our relationships with dogs and other family pets can be highly unequal and sometimes downright disturbing. (Treating them as chattel, "putting them to sleep" when it's more convenient to do so.) So this counts against your position in two ways: 1) our only data point indicates that interspecies collaboration is likely to be less than cozy 2) others might observe our treatment of other species and use that to evaluate our potential for hostility. Also, our record with regards to polluting our own environment doesn't recommend us highly as "good citizens of the galaxy." (This was brought up as a possibility in David Brin's Sundiver series.) And this isn't even considering the vast differences in culture and even basic mental models there will likely be. It's far from a sure bet that this openness will extend to us. Also, one can readily imagine how a "innocuous" act from the point of view of one species might be considered a greivous crime by another. (The Ender's Game books are one example.) There is a well known study of Native American cultures in the Mississippi valley where we have access to skeletal remains over many hundreds of years. We can see the health of individuals decline as they made their switch to corn agriculture from a hunter-gatherer lifestyle. In fact, there are considerable increases in disease and a shortening of lifespan. The reason why the agricultural lifestyle won-out was because it was capable of supporting larger populations with ruling theocratic elites who could then organize manpower for military and other purposes. Hunter-gatherers, despite being healthier individually, couldn't compete. How many data points do you have for saying we're not "highly advanced?" I should not have said "highly advanced" and should just have said "sentient interstellar" instead. My discussion is about the future of humanity, not the present day. We are not quite even space-faring yet. Learning from another species' technology is likely to be a largely one-way transaction. Instead of trading warp drive tips, it's much more likely that the "Xarcon" will have warp drive and we will not. (Or vice-versa.) In any case, if the other side has things like antimatter fueled starships, they may still have the potential to wipe out the other civilization, or at least preemptively cause huge damage to it. Why would another intelligent species give up a potential technological advantage without first assuring the safety of their own species? Of course, there are many ways of assuring such safety. In the case of practical warp drive, one way of doing this would be to withhold warp technology and use the intervening time to propagate your own species. Another option might be to absorb the less advanced species into some sort of confederation. Actually, a really savvy species would do both! By SC2, do you mean Star Control 2? Probably not, since this retro game has been available on OS X for years now. http://sc2.sourceforge.net/ A good Ted Talk to look at concerning this is Bjorn Lomborg's talk on cost/benefit and global priorities: http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/62 It turns out there's a huge cost/benefit ratio to solving things like access to clean water, malnutrition, and disease. The cost of tackling problems like this is just a fraction of doing things like adopting the Kyoto protocol, and the potential for increasing the economic potential of many countries is very high. What you're objecting to is a straw man. No one is requesting that you should become a monk. But maybe just a little more energy and resources directed towards global problems might be a more balanced position. There is even money to be earned in doing so. (The Grameen Bank is a good example. So is Dean Kamen's new distiller.) See Bjorn Lomborg's Ted Talk on cost/benefit in solving global problems! http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/62 And lastly, as Abbie Hoffman used to say: if someone ever says something to get your goat, they struck gold! I've also heard the theory that alcohol production was one inducement to settlement. Larry Brilliant talks about a web crawler constructed with modest resources that could find evidence of emerging pandemics faster than WHO. http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/58 So there are things that us hackers could do. Another is a Java project for a low cost medical records database usable by hospitals in the 3rd world. Time to legalize drugs. What happens if you take an organization that has all the resources of a large corporation, but put them outside the law? This is what happens. The wild rice gathering practice of current-day Native Americans in Minnesota is a great example of incremental drift into agriculture. They go back to the same patches in the water brush rice into their canoes with paddles, inadvertently spreading the seeds of new rice plants in the process. It's easy to imagine how this could've turned into rice agriculture over time. Clean water is one area where someone stands to make a lot of money and do a ton of good at the same time. And as far as money to charities goes, there's money out there. Figuring out the best way to spend it is an ongoing problem. But it might profit the drug lords to Open Source their methods. Lots of small-time players using very effective methods would keep the authorities quite busy and they could also benefit through the shared innovation. Though I'm not sure if I want to see the GPL enforced through hitmen and car bombings. We already have diverse legal regimes. Africa? China? Russia? Doing it at a cost that people can afford is the issue, especially in the third world. It's a lot easier to make people richer when they have clean water, so they aren't sick from cholera, can safely bathe themselves, and they aren't dehydrated. I started with Slashdot, got disillusioned, then went over to Digg, then Reddit, and now I'm here and have a better appreciation for Slashdot. This experience prompts me to formulate a law: When you start wishing social news site X won't become like social news site Y, it's probably inevitable at that point. (If you think what's below is off topic, then make sure you've read the article and be sure to read all of the comment.) The Clancy Brothers are best known as a seminal Irish singing group, but they started out as a troupe of actors that went to New York to become famous by putting on works of Shakespeare. The folk music craze was in full force, and they noticed that they were actually making more money renting out their venue to folkies than they were making by putting on shows, so they decided to get into the act themselves. They pretty were much like other folks who emulated the Weavers and other popular acts of the day, but since they happened to be Irish, the songs they knew were Irish traditional songs, and so they stood out and became international stars. "Oh well, at least there's still Lambda The Ultimate." Hmmm. How about I start a site called "Lambda teh Ultimate" which does nothing but promulgate bad programming practices, procedural spaghetti code, and Farkish stupitrivia that's somehow still too nerdy for the mainstream? There will be a regex filter that introduces bad grammar, misuse of homophones, to instead of too, their instead of they're, etc... Also bots that the markov chains to post schizophrenic sounding manifestos promising to revolutionize all programming by subsuming everything with GOTO and DB tables. There will be auto-moderation, giving certain users bonus points, implemented by running StupidFilter in reverse. To become a moderator, you first have to prove that you spend more than 9 non-sleeping hours alone in your room a day, and that you still live with your parents. The site will be ad supported, but all ads will be required to be pop-ups that install plugin EXEs. If there are not enough ads, they will be randomly generated from emails in my Spam folder. All of the web design will be generated by using genetic algorithms operating on the corpus of MySpace profiles for users aged 16 or younger. The commenting will be modeled on YouTube from early 2007 and before. Programming languages are as much a social construct as they are a technological one! Python and Ruby are doing tons of things right on the social/cultural side, but the technology was in many ways a big step backwards from Smalltalk and Lisp. The poor performance serves to reinforce the old dynamic language stereotypes. Performance of C vs Smalltalk: A friend of mine implemented some Block Cipher algorithms in Smalltalk a few years back. By working with the VM engineers so he could have a few things (like 32 bit registers with bit-shift and bit-rotate operations) he managed to come close to or BEAT RSA Data Security's reference implementations in C. In once case, the algorithm was 3% faster. (RSA's implementations used malloc/free in a naive way. Great generational GC in Smalltalk was like a custom buffer cache implemented for free.) A company I worked for once has two Smalltalk implementations. Some work was done to host one inside the runtime of another. The hosted Smalltalk has a compiler written using Yacc & Lex which was compiled C. The host Smalltalk has one written entirely in Smalltalk. It was discovered, that if you took the text notifications out of the Smalltalk Smalltalk compiler, it runs faster than the C Smalltalk compiler. Well, for one thing, there are a lot of production Smalltalk applications out there still. Some of them are quite good. There are also a lot of bad implementations out there, but that is true for any language. (Sturgeon's Law!) The Smalltalk Refactoring browser is still very impressive, though it has now been surpassed by Eclipse. It predated Eclipse by some years, however. There are other tools that were developed under Smalltalk that have yet to be adopted by other programming communities. Also, the performance of the fastest Smalltalk VMs has been very good for many years now. Bad architecture will swamp even programs in C or assembly. I'd hazard a guess that you were dealing with that. But you are correct that there are serious problems with many of the Smalltalk implementations. None of these had anything to do with the language, the tools, or the VMs. Rather, there was a legacy of "ivory tower" mentality. Instead of doing very necessary but unglamorous things like polishing the GUI framework (and eliminating race conditions) implementors preferred to do cool things like create new garbage collection options. Smalltalk suffered because community input was neglected, because the same community fostered an elitist culture, because marketing went for an more closed "boutique" approach, and because implementations weren't polished to true professional standards. It would behoove Ruby, Python, and others to heed these lessons. (And I'd note that they've done many things right.) Method name renaming was licked in Smalltalk, even in things like specs (which predated XML, but served much the same purpose.) So long as everything's an object in the image, you're fine. (Excepting goofy things like constructing message sends at runtime.) Things like properties files and pickled objects that left the image -- you aren't covered then. But there's little you need those for that you can't do in-image. This is one place where Unit Tests help nicely. If the group were using Test First, then the zealots would've had to read and revise tests before they rewrote code. They would've been able to read the test code and would've known about the business logic requirements. If they didn't do that, then failing tests would've clued them in. Nope. Unit Tests are specs that automatically verify themselves. Whoever designed this is obviously a fan of Venus Wars: http://www.imdb.com/media/rm705206528/tt0135037 "By the way, (American) English is a very flexible and tolerate language..." Sure, but that sentence immediately marks you as a second-rate English speaker. Many will take that as a reason to doubt your thoroughness in other areas. That's a problem that's been solved with various degrees of legality all around the world from time immemorial. I don't think that'll get anyone to an IPO. It might result in some book and movie deals, a clothing line, or a popular blog. (Heidi Fleiss and "Confessions of a College Call Girl" come to mind.) That's just a continuation of C/C++ anyhow. One of Raymond Smullyan's best contriubtions is his allegory "Planet Without Laughter" http://www-cs-faculty.stanford.edu/~knuth/smullyan.html I like things that encourage people to expand and/or examine their world views. Yes, so long as you don't rig the game to keep them poor. I would agree, for all values of "willing" that don't involve some sort of coercion. For example, if someone is "willing" to pay $100 for a loaf of bread if you have a gun to their head, then I would question the use of the word "willing." Likewise, if a group of people controlled the food market in a region and used that power to force the people to hand over their life savings in order to buy food and avoid death by starvation, I would question the use of the word "willing." As always the question is -- can those involved opt out of the transaction? If the answer is yes, then there is probably no evil involved. I think it would be acceptable if the people were still poor but significantly less so. That's strange, because PG looks less gnomic now than in years past. (To be fair, some may have thought he once looked wizardish, not gnomic.) About frickin time! Good thing Python is cross platform. If they needed a special OS X version, it would be Botox. Can this be used to implement continuations? They should pay the government of Nauru to rent their sovereignty. They can keep the "island" above sea level by building a mooring tower and tie seasteads to it. Their territory can be the 200 mile economic zone of Nauru. Also, there's lots of healthy stuff that can be kept in dry form. (Fruits, Legumes, and grains.) They will also have the ability to keep things frozen. Chest freezers can be highly efficient. Especially if they are not opened very often. http://www.watchtheguild.com/ Here's a webcomic where a guy turns an Apple computer into a blue haired cybernetic hottie. (The concept is stupid, but the execution is good.) http://www.applegeeks.com/ A more informed and informative source on the subject: http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/06/random_number_... If you just want a PRNG for a game, then sending the output of a bad PRNG through a hash function like MD5 will almost always give you good results. That would've been better advice. Also, the mouse is a readily available source of randomness which can also suffice for a game. As far as PRNGs for cryptographic purposes, that's something else entirely. (By conincidence, I am going to be writing a game which uses cryptographically secure algorithms to generate random numbers for a procedurally generated game world. (A Galaxy of 400 Billion Stars!) Scott McCloud started a micropayments furor awhile back. http://www.scottmccloud.com/home/essays/2003-09-micros/micro... I think it's time for micropayments. Web advertising is not turning out to be some all-wonderful thing. Rather, it seems to reach the less affluent web populace. If people can directly reward good content, we will eventually see more content people will like. I wonder if there's some sort of fundamental relationship between the powerful elites in every given society and the rest reflected in the graph? Is there some sort of relationship like Boyle's Law for gases? If the PRNG is really bad, then even this won't work. But PRNGs that bad are generally deliberately made that bad. It should be possible to implement "freemium" content using something like TipJoy. All you need is infrastructure that will remember a setting for you where you can set (even smaller) micropayments to be automatic for visits to certain sites. Then the content owners can read your preference and turn on other content. I could imagine doing this for a bunch of webcomics that I read. >...the blazing speed and low overhead of Lisp... Actually, there are some Lisp implementations that leave Ruby in the dust. (Not saying much, I'll grant you that.) There are some Lisp implementations that let you compile code to machine language. sigh yet another clueless spreader of programming urban legend and old prejudice! That happened when I answered pg once. I always thought he just erased my comment because he thought I was a redundant cheesehead. If windows sucks, why are there so many successful...? If Chinese writing is so hard to learn, then why are there so many...? If religious explanations for the origin of everything sucks, why do so many...? Nope. I'm just demonstrating how easy it is to come up with questions that have this structure, but which do not necessarily have the answer, "Because, really, it's actually awesome!" If you equate transhuman AI with godlike powers, then it's hard to argue against it escaping. Then again, I bet I could train a dog to keep most humans trapped in a cave, provided I chain them at the opening. What if the researchers communicating with the AI had no other access to it? What if the physical plant and the administration of the computer systems were off limits to the researchers, and they had no power to release the AI? Furthermore, what if the AI were not allowed to know anything about the researchers? The researchers could be forbidden from revealing anything about themselves to the AI. This would make it impossible for the researchers to publish anything, but let's say that they are working for an organization like the NSA. It would be really hard for the AI to break out. But it would make for a good science fiction book! Less syntax in languages, please. The problem with the Perlish "There's more than one way to do it!" is that one ends up expending extra cycles comprehending semantic equivalence. But equivalence should be a fulcrum -- these are things leveraged to be able to reduce the effective complexity of what we're looking at. Anything that obscures the visibility of equivalence is bad on the balance. We need a word for "being a jerk to people here and then being smug about it" online. I think it's basically the same kind of problem as trolling. It doesn't help the signal to noise ratio of a site by generating another bit of rude noise, no matter how emotionally satisfying you think it is at the time. How is this different from Slashdot? (Other than the submission part) When a Smalltalk image saves, it's very analogous to a Windows or Linux box hibernating. The upshot of this -- you can think of the Smalltalk image as something like an OS that has been "up" since 1980! (With periods of hibernation.) The Squeak image is directly derived from the Smalltalk-80 image. The VisualWorks image has been incrementally evolved from it as well. The thing is a program that was brought up decades ago, and has hibernated, been replicated, but has never rebooted ! Steve is right that systems should never have to boot. You can have a whole OS that operates like that. (The Smalltalk image started out as an OS. In the original ST-80 image, there are 4 primitives for moving the drive head out, moving it in, lifting it off the platter, and putting it down!) Vinge is damn good. I will. Not by the "orthogonal and easy to learn" metric. It's the future as much as VB is the future. Unit Testing works great in Smalltalk. Refactoring Browser handily refactors your tests at the same time you're refactoring your code. I've heard complaints from people using other languages that Unit Tests make refactoring twice the work. There is no excuse for this. If your Unit Tests are just code, then the tools that change your code should just as easily change the tests that use the code. Only moderators can vote. Anyone can be a moderator. But isn't moderation frequency controlled by Karma and meta-moderation scores? (+ 1 2) vs (+ 2 1) is a far cry from "map(lambda x: x * x, numbers)" versus "[x * x for x in numbers]". I call straw man. I am not asking for zero syntax, or that everything be done in Scheme. For one thing, I'm not a Lisper, which you think I am. For another thing, Lisp has syntax, so you are incorrect. For yet another thing, I am decrying Too Much Syntax that encourages too many ways of doing things, not taking a dogmatic stand for absolute syntactic minimums. True one cannot make a syntax so pure that there is only one way of doing something. That's a straw man. But on the other hand, one can make a syntax so complicated that it seems to strongly encourage doing the same thing in many ways. Perl and Ruby are guilty of this. Python not nearly as much, but still more than I would like. Syntactic constructs are a tool. Tools have overhead. Why have redundant syntactic tools? It's enough to get one's head around the problems to be solved. Trust but Verify Garret Hardin's Tragedy of the Commons. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons Or my short restatement: Everything that's free is abused. This also affects Massively Multiplayer Online games as well as Web 2.0 sites of all kinds. It shouldn't surprise you. The search for ways to make $$$ is a part of seeking $$$. (The meta-level, if you will.) As for the people who ^%&#$& things up for free, they are seeking to profit in non-monetary ways. I've also met someone who thought it would be neat to be lumped in with the pseudo-intellectuals, because she thought it was a neat sounding word. How do we encourage true meritocracy? Open Source is one thing that can do this for programming. It enables a programmer's output to be evaluated in detail by all. Blogs might do this as well. I wish there was a voice recognition program for smartphones that kept a running log of uncommon words within earshot. You could then click on the log to go to a definition. (Which would be pre-fetched and cached.) There is a set of skills and body of experience that applies to working on large bodies of code. In fact, there are different skill sets for working on bodies of bad code and good code. The language syntax may be the same, but programming approaches might be very different. I've seen parts of a Smalltalk program where it was coded like spaghetti copy-paste Fortran, and it's actually hopeless to try and fully understand the semantics and still meet your deadline. But I was able to use a few tricks to prove that certain modifications wouldn't alter other functionality so I could get my work done. In the same program, there was well factored code with a nice object model, where it would behoove you to understand the part you're working on in a more conventional way. On reflection, I think you may be right that good code is good code. Size of the system matters most when the code is bad. Leave a tip to vote up? I really like this idea! I think that everything that's free gets abused in some way. (Garret Hardin's Tragedy of the Commons: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons ) If upvotes were micropayments, a lot of gaming would just stop. There would still be individual gaming of the system, but it would be a lot less. The problem would be PR flacks abusing the system. This could be fought with a well thought out Terms of Service and the right social pressures coming from the user community. Even a 10 Gig drive would be tremendously useful. At $30/Gig, this would mean that you could install your OS and one multiplayer game for $300. Lots of people would buy it just for that. Video editing would be another use. It doesn't matter if it's really a commons, or just something that looks like a commons. If someone owns an empty lot that everyone in the neighborhood treats as a commons, then the same rules apply. Without a constant effort to clean them, those places get just as crappy as public parks in exactly the same way. In practice, there's little difference between everyone owning something, and everyone getting to use it for free. You can go through the exercise of building your own hardware, operating system, OO language, and writing programs on the resulting platform. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtXvUoPx4Qs Everything is virtualized. The software is Open Source, and much of the courseware is available free. The book you still have to pay for, but it's very cool nonetheless. In _The Case for Mars_ Robert Zubrin suggests that the colonization of Mars will have an affect analogous to the colonization of the Americas in the 1700's. Mars Colonization will open up myriad startup opportunities over many decades, if not centuries. There are already $30,000 electric cars with dandy range for commuting. (The Aptera.) These are only two seat, but they would suit my needs just fine. It seems reasonable that this could hit $20,000 if produced in volume. A more realistic goal would be the incremental replacement of internal combustion cars with electric cars. Something like 30% in 10 years would be a tremendous good and would seem possible. I think the ultimate goal should be 85% electric vehicle use. I suspect that there will be a last 15% of uses for which the IC engine will still be the most cost effective solution. This is particularly true for programming languages. What makes a programming language valuable? One factor is the libraries available to it. The more high-quality open libraries available, the better. The more active a programmer community, the better its libraries. It's very similar to what makes any website with a social component valuable. Programming languages are social and cultural constructs as much as technological. 25% is 2.5 times higher than the payment rate for public radio, which is just 10%. Freeman Dyson's brilliant, as usual. His analysis of what the wiggle in the Keeling graph means has profound implications for global warming policy. I've noticed a pattern with the 37signals folks. How to profit on the internet: Make something people want and charge. How to say no: Explain yourself, be honest, and just say no. I guess it just has to do with what you leave out. I've just noticed that there are two "impedance mismatches" in a lot of applications. UI -> Domain Model -> Persistence Most people know of the 2nd one. The 1st one is just as big an impedance mismatch! Most of the ways of doing UIs are not OO. If UIs were OO in a given environment, then naive developers following the path of least resistance starting from the GUI "hello world" would naturally build an OO application. Are there any environments like that? Is Rails one such environment? I guess this is why Rob Pike can spend 6 months writing a concurrency-friendly language like Newsqueak, then use it to write a GUI windowing system in a coupe of hours. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=810232012617965344 There are real working models, so they are not vaporware. They are instantiated-but-not-yet-coming-off-an-assembly-line-ware. http://www.popularmechanics.com/automotive/new_cars/4237853.... Range has been verified, I think. If it hasn't already, the range of the hybrid version will be verified by automotive X-Prize officials. Maybe you could write a Greasemonkey script? You could have randomly generated avatars like Miis. Then you could also assign an image for specific posters that you feel are better indicative of their personalities. He absolutely creams Donald Knuth! http://www.ycombinator.search.xirium.com/cgi-bin/fight.cgi?q... This calls to question the legitimacy of this. Also, it should be Knuth > Iron Man! In grad school, one of my favorite professors accused over half of a class of cheating and ended up failing them all. In a way they deserved it. It was a computer science class in a master's degree program. If students at that level don't know not to submit an exact duplicate of a function, they deserve to fail. I've also encountered students who I thought deserved to fail. One in particular was a criminology student. He spent more energy trying to simulate the "Ah ha!" reaction and sucking up to me than actually trying to get it for real. I kept thinking that this guy was studying criminology because he was trying to become a con man. Apparently, the system had rewarded him up til then for his faking behavior. His point is that the CO2 is not pollution in the same way that plastic in the Pacific gyre or PCBs in Love Canal are pollution. The excess CO2 is like the water from a flood caused by humans. When you want to prevent floods, you need to find technologies and techniques that work with the laws of physics, natural systems, and economic forces. If you're going to build below sea level, what is the engineering required to compensate? Does the cost/benefit pan out? Likewise, if you're going to push the climate towards warming, what is the engineering required to compensate? Does the cost/benefit pan out? This is what Freeman Dyson and the authors he is reviewing are asking. Nature doesn't care about us. But we humans have harnessed nature. Dyson is suggesting that we could do that once again to get us out of the current predicament. Soon, there may well be bacteria that produce it. That would blur the lines a whole lot. The difference is in the fact that there's been a Carbon Cycle for ages, just like there's been a water cycle for ages. Hydroelectric dams use energy in the water cycle. Gravity driven irrigation canals do as well. The point is that there's already a natural system out there that's capable of capturing huge amounts of carbon. Whatever happened to "The power to tax is the power to destroy?" Folks like the author want us to tax the automotive petroleum fuel industry to destruction. But most of us suspect that this won't be politically viable. So just how much "power to tax" is there? The real hurt is the power to subsidize. (Which includes the power to selectively tax less.) Reminds me of the debate between Static and Dynamic typing. I think this is an argument for optional static typing as in Strongtalk. How are "super-carbon-harbouring-trees" any more dangerous than "super-flesh-growing-bovines"? Remember that transportation is less than 1/5th of the US's use of petroleum. Since petroleum will be getting more and more scarce, something has to become the new chemical feedstock. Plants are an obvious choice. You might be able to do that with Stackless Python. But it will be a bit wordier. The difference is that you can't benchmark Ron Paul, George Bush, Barack Obama, and John McCain. (You can look at voting records.) The MacBook Air is slow. Go for Black. And they ruined a bunch of debates on the Internet! North America was overgrown with "super-flesh-growing-bovines" until white men up and shot them all. Miracle game-changing technologies have been endemic in the history of human civilization. In fact, our current level of population wouldn't even be possible without a bunch of these happening. (From the "Green Revolution" of the 60's back to the development of the plough.) This and TipJoy have inspired me. What about making a social news site, a Wikipedia-like site, or a classified ads site where you can read and search all you want for free, but you have to make a micropayment to post? Micropayments would be in "credits" that cost 4.5 cents each. $5 gets you 100 credits. (There's a 50 cent processing fee.) You could also write the Terms of Service such that spamming forfeits your $5. You could even combine this with a TipJoy-like idea and have commenters tipped for every up-vote. (Down-votes would subtract from a comment score, but not affect the tip.) This would kill off the spammers. Paying $5 per spam post would ruin their business model. I suspect that it would also increase the quality of the posts if posters could earn money from their efforts. Would they be willing to pay 50 cents per post? Would they be willing to pay $5 per post? You could write the TOS for such a site that spamming forfeits your $5. Actually, if you never use switch, then that's a symptom of being good at OO. From what I have heard from new Air owners, it's the CPU and the disk drive. It's pokey all around. Compactness is its primary and only virtue. You need an easy way to pass around anonymous functions, or you can't easily implement Don't Repeat Yourself. Result? You repeat yourself and write poorly factored code. Writing poorly factored code is the norm. Sturgeon's law applies here too. That doesn't mean it should be your goal, however. Interesting. This thing seems to have been voted up, then voted down. I wonder if some people have an instant strong dislike of this idea? Well, there are function points/LOC. I guess you don't want to go only on voting records either. But they are important. Unquantifiables are important too. Why Broccoli? Because Broccoli is good for you! Maybe Wikipedia wouldn't work unless you made the whole service "for-pay" in some way. The nice aspect of requiring users to pony up some amount, which then becomes a pool that you make micro-payments from. So you get the gating aspect of a for-pay service combined with the market forces resulting from the micropayments. And yet, the users are really not paying the $5 up front. Wikipedia might well not work, simply because the free one works so well. "Nit-Picking" is indistinguishable from someone trying to clarify what you are saying! This is indistinguishable from the 10 year old just not getting it (because they don't have the first-hand experience) and being so tiresome you don't want to continue. I think this theory somehow breaks down when it comes to sex and sexual attraction. Datapoint: the exaggerated proportions of photoshopped models in magazines and female video game characters. Here's another take: Social News = popularity contest for ideas from idle people. http://glinden.blogspot.com/2008/05/collective-intelligence-... There was some talk about letting multiple images of VisualWorks Smalltalk share memory. that way, you could put the Class Library and all that jazz into shared memory, which would be shared by multiple instances of the VM and image which would hold runtime state and stuff like the account data you mention. If you then wrote a facility to save the shared and non-shared stuff separately and in two different files, then you'd have it. Also, there was a variant of Smalltalk built in the days just before and after the ParcPlace/Digitalk merger that was designed to be usable for writing quick and dirty admin apps. The minimal image was tiny. Something like 45k. In any case, there doesn't need to be any barrier to non-image based development in such a virtual machine. Just about any virtual machine has an image in memory. Image based development is about being able to code in the debugger -- about having absolute runtime power over all aspects of the development environment. If you don't need 100% of that, then you don't need image-based development in any virtual machine. (Because Smalltalk went whole-hog into having this absolute runtime power over everything, even the dev environment, the image became a strange loop, and could not be rebuilt from source due to these chicken-egg paradoxes. But since you already have an image, it doesn't matter. Example: nil is an instance of UndefinedObject, a subclass of Object, whose superclass is nil.) Avi, you guys are seriously going to open up the stuff that's above the VM? I had been thinking about again picking up my own project to put Ruby on top of Smalltalk. I'm envious of your approach with working with the VM hackers to get custom bytecodes. This would be great for getting Ruby to run fast. What of parallel projects on other Smalltalk VMs? It would be good for the Ruby community to have options. Gemstone might want to keep some sort of competitive advantage, however. (Email this userid at yahoo.com. Linkedin is not letting me send you a message, and so fulfilling their policy of keeping out riff-raf.) Actually, it's a so-so example. You'd have to build just a little into the VM to get around it. (All of the classes that are in the loop and nil) Another one is MetaClass. Class and MetaClass are both (eventual) subclasses of Behavior. But the Class of Class is an instance of MetaClass. (I'm confused as to why the Rubinius people have MetaClass as a subclass of Class.) You should be able to marshal out everything in just about any VM. The reason why Ruby and the JVM dont' do this is because it just hasn't been done yet. The whole point of VMs is that they are virtual machines. That virtual model is just data. The VM is just another program. So saving state, then restarting later from that state is quite doable. Image-based development is a very different style, however. Lots of people are in love with their command lines and text editors. It seems to be natural to do GUI-centric programming as in Visual Basic. People like attaching ideas to things that they can see. I think that the real problem is that there is an Impedance Mismatch between current GUIs and the domain. Once we have solved this, then the natural way to program won't conflict so drastically with good Object Oriented practices. I'm not sure if we can get there before we reach the level of GUIs in Minority Report, but I think we won't need quite all of that. CRC cards on 3x5" card-stock are better than UML. Otherwise, I agree. Until GUIs for applications are as natural as passing 3x5 cards around, there's going to be an impedance mismatch between the GUI and the domain. Did you bootstrap a Ruby parser in Ruby into the image? Or did you take another approach? This is just the IA scenario. You don't need to turn off the equivalents of eval and method_missing to get full performance in Smalltalk. Not using them might be advisable in performance critical code in either language, however. Also, the commercial Smalltalk JIT VMs are generally quite a bit ahead of the 1990's in terms of performance. Don't be also guilty of using "common sense." Not only that, but he's revealing his ignorance of how the VMs in question differ. The 1.8 Matz VM traverses a partial Abstract Syntax Tree to interpret. The Gemstone VM is JIT-ing. On top of that, it has better GC. Oh, this is really rich: "However, it seems to me that Smalltalk is far less flexible than Ruby, while being semantically much more machine-friendly." (From the comments.) From my comments: "Oh, and “Smalltalk is less flexible than Ruby?” Uh, no. Any serious language maven will tell you that they are almost identical in many respects, but that Smalltalk wins because you can not only modify the entire library, you can refactor base classes completely out of existence, and you can arbitrarily change the grammar. (And there’s even more!) This is precisely why it’s relatively easy to put Ruby on top of the Smalltalk VM. If you can bootstrap a Ruby parser into a Smalltalk image, the Smalltalk image can incrementally morph itself into Ruby. (And another goal of the Rubinius project is to give Ruby the same level of meta-capabilities already present in Smalltalk!)" PWNED! EDIT: Okay, Sho has changed his tone in his latest comments. I think he just blogged off the cuff and didn't realize how widely read his blog post might be. He even says he's going to check out Smalltalk. A big problem with OO is that most GUI interfaces are not a good match. It's quite natural for people with a GUI builder to start writing a program from the GUI down. Of course, since people tend to like attaching ideas to things that are more concrete, like the window they've just made appear. This tends to produce bad designs from the OO standpoint, however. On the other hand, if people start writing up and passing around CRC cards, they tend to produce better designs. My conclusion is that GUIs have too much baggage from documents. In some important way, they are much worse than 3x5 cards that you can pass around. Once we figure this out, some aspects of programming will improve. It will probably always be hard. You should be skeptical of vendor benchmarks. But being ignorant of how far VM technologies have come and how far Ruby has left to go is not excusable. (Or more importantly, not being self-aware enough to figure out what you don't know, then having the bad luck to get posted on social news.) In any case, most of the time it matters more to programmer's egos now than anything else. CPython is already fast enough for low-level bitwise operations on large amounts of data, provided you are clever with optimizing and you're willing to implement key routines in C. Just look at Mercurial! It's in the same league as Git for speed, and Git is written entirely in C by one of the best C hackers around. If you want something like C, but with virtual functions, then you should look at Lua. It's fast, minimal, and designed to be embeddable. It doesn't start with OO, but you can actually easily build as much OO as you want. In fact, "something like C, but with virtual functions" almost describes Lua. (You have to add that it's Dynamic and Interpreted.) If you're going to be crunching petabytes of 32 bit floats, then by all means, use C or even FORTRAN. Most of us don't have a requirements that stringent, and something like Lua is just fine. Unfortunately, a lot of us are brainwashed into thinking we've got to act like weather simulation programmers, when we're really doing business apps. The situation with Java is very different. The language itself is not owned by a corporation. There is no need for a "clean room reimplementation," as was necessary for Java. Also, Avi's trick with Gemstone/S can also be replicated with any other commercial Smalltalk. It can also be replicated with the now Open Source Strongtalk VM, which is a Smalltalk VM as fast as the the commercial ones. And when YARV is ready to put under apps like Rails the Ruby community will have another VM as fast as the commercial Smalltalk JITs. biggest PITA = startup opportunity (Often true, but not necessarily) WOuld this be another way of thinking of it: Lisp Macros are boilerplate without the duplication. (And so without the drawbacks) What about some sort of clean meta-language framework? Lisp can claim to be one of these -- it's the only language that is it's own Abstract Syntax Tree. Smalltalk goes a certain distance in that direction. I think there is a great need for a multi-language framework, because different languages have such disparate power depending on what you are working on. I keep on thinking back to Rob Pike's Google Tech Talk on Newsqueak. He spends 6 months developing a language that does concurrency at a high level. After that, he writes a windowing GUI system in two hours. What we need is the ability to support disparate language semantics and glue them together easily. It would be great to be able to model your business logic in Smalltalk, but write the GUI in something like Newsqueak. Maybe Richard Stallman's original idea with GUILE was on the right track? I'm not 100% sure, but attr_reader looks like it's actually a message send. If it's not, then it could be implemented that way. Dude, if you remember it, then you weren't really there ! Aubrey de Grey's SENS strikes me as the most sensible approach to longevity. I suspect that he's a bit optimistic in his time estimates, however. (He is a computer scientist, after all.) Oh, so that's what they mean by "seeding!" Sorry, but most MMORPGs are just like resort casinos. There's a glitzy surface with great art-direction, but it's really not much deeper than a stage set. It's just a pretty background to distract you while you're subverted using variable schedules of reward in a Skinner box. Variable Schedules of Reward are inherently addicting. You can get a rat in a Skinner Box to expend so much effort pulling a lever for a food-pellet reward, that it starves to death because the energy it takes to pull the lever exceeds the amount it gets in food pellets. This is exactly what happens to people who play slots and other games in casinos, and what happens to you when you start "farming" for experience points or gold. Invariably you seek out places where you get the rare but extremely valuable "drop." I'm sorry, but using this power of addiction to try to solve social ills could result in more evils. The fact thats this isn't addressed directly in this talk concerns me. In any case, I know how to create an online world that doesn't insult the intelligence of smart people. I know how to create an online world that isn't just a stage-set background for a skinner-box addiction, because it has real depth through emergent complexity. (In all fairness, the speaker emphasizes the motivational power of social aspects of online gaming. But collaboration is a capability granted by the network, not by MMO games in particular.) The article is also pretty misleading and fluffy. If you use Smalltalk Server Pages in VisualWorks, you can debug through your pages as they render. All the HTML segments are in an array, and the tags are just normal function calls. You can do this to any SSP server, provided you load some additional remote debugging tools if you're running your server headless. It's rock solid. As a bonus, SSP is pretty freaking fast. The HTML page is actually compiled into a Smalltalk method, which is JIT-ed as machine code. (Which is how we get the page render debugging "for free." It's just normal debugger operations!) (My understanding is that VisualWorks is now going to concentrate on supporting Seaside. You should be able to see many of the same benefits there.) With the use of a few patterns and the use of specialized components, only the structure of a building need be printed out. Wiring, upstream plumbing, and ventilation can be handled using centralized units and robots that can crawl passageways while stringing tubing or cabling. Already centralized units are used with single family homes and the upstream plumbing. All hot and cold water is distributed by directly from a central unit connected to all of the taps by a single branchless synthetic hose. The Monolithic Dome folks will manufacture a custom-designed 'airform' which can then be sprayed with urethane insulation, hung with rebar, and then sprayed with gunnite concrete. http://static.monolithic.com/ The building's shell can be just about any shape that can be inflated. See Kunstler's "Places not worth caring about." This is worth seeing because of his stunning observations about how distorted our surroundings have become. He gets into a rant, but he's spot on! (Except where it comes to the "end of cheap oil.") http://www.ted.com/talks/view/id/121 I love sitting in courtyards and squares in my visits to places in Europe. I loved sitting in the courtyard of the Student Union in graduate school. I loved sitting in a cafe on Ludlow Avenue in Cincinnati, which by US standards, is a very European street in that town. It's relaxing. You can meet people by accident and find yourself invited to dinner or chat with old friends. Sometimes, you even get laid. Maybe you can do all of those things online. I find the interpersonal bandwidth and the quality of the experience superior in real life. A lot of people may find this sort of experience foreign in the US. In the US, the rampant use of the automobile has caused the loss of much of our public space. Now, it seems like all we know how to build are public spaces where no one normally wants to be. We have to entice people there with some event. There are places that are conducive to community, however, where people are actually drawn to in order to be together. Places near where people live, that you don't need to pay to get into. If you want to do 3D gaming, Panda3D is a great framework for rapid prototyping. And it's in Python. The Smalltalk community takes the spelling of Smalltalk with a captial T as a sign that the writer is a PHB. This is not absolutely damning, but it is a bad sign. This says a lot about American society -- that we no longer have enough of a civic life to promulgate manners. If there were more "real communities" with a sense of both tolerance and manners, there wouldn't be any need to avoid the "average" American. Such places exist in Europe. That they don't exist here indicates that it's a peculiarity of the US, and not of "real communities" in general. Specifically, he's claiming to know about the "smart lazy" type of people in the Smalltalk community. This makes me wonder about how many Smalltalk programmers he's actually met, and to what depth he spoke with them. Squeak eToys include a lot of nice goodies. You need to play around with them enough to be able to guide them through to get the most out of them, however. (This probably goes for anything mentioned as a suggestion, of course.) If you want to make them really uber: From Nand to Tetris in 12 Steps! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtXvUoPx4Qs All the courseware is open source. I mostly disagree. As for his 3 examples: 1) Why do we need an alarm clock? Answer: this doesn't seem like a very pressing need. 2) Why shouldn't location broadcast be rolled into the iPhone's location APIs? Answer: The location API is actually the logical place for this. Everyone rolling their own would be a waste! 3) I agree that devs should get a way to register callbacks against notifications. But this need not be in the form of a full "background process." What do you have in mind that wouldn't best be put on a server or happen when the user returns to the app? Come on, folks! The real innovation in the iPhone space doesn't have to do with rolling your own version of a Calendar, Alarm Clock, Contacts, etc... Take those as infrastructure and build innovative apps on top of that. Your analogy is particularly apt if you consider that two of the means of achieving AI are emergent and thus not engineering and not at all friendly to reverse engineering. If we can simulate the brain's processes in bulk, we still don't necessarily understand how it does what it does. (Like making a photocopy of ciphertext.) Likewise, if we create some sort of architecture that lets us evolve AIs, there is no guarantee that we will be able to understand how the results work. There's no guarantee that the resulting AIs will be able to either. How do you know we'll be able to create an AI smarter in nearly every way ? What if we just create an AI that's like an average human, but is able to pay attention without distraction? What we'll have are a bunch of ideal slave laborers, not a runaway exponential increase of intelligence. Right. The developers might balk at Apple's restrictive ways. But the end-users are probably going to be delighted with quality of the upcoming apps. It's all about controlling the seamless user experience, and what Apple's doing amounts to a subtle quality control on the 3rd party apps. As the article points out, not everyone wants to wade through a deluge of untested applications. AppStore is one thing that Google could do just as slickly as Apple. It would be right in their core competency. than not then Our evolutionary legacy predates agriculture and complex societies that provide affluent people with life necessities and more. For the longest time, we were all hunter-gatherers who faraged and hunted a little, then spent the rest of our time playing, singing, telling stories, wooing, and making love. We are wired to care what others think. It tends to make us more attractive to potential mates and increase our evolutionary fitness. This is what the "rinse and hold" cycle is for! I have a 13 year old Mercedes Diesel fueled entirely on Biodiesel and a $3000 car stereo with J&L subwoofer and subwoofer amp installed. The Biodiesel is proclaimed proudly with bumper stickers, but the car stereo is completely hidden behind the stock Mercedes grilles, and when it is parked, the faceplate is detached and the unit hidden with the circa 1990's cassette stereo faceplate. I want my lower carbon footprint recognized, but the stereo I just want for the better sound. If you are afraid that today's crop of programmers don't understand the basics, then there are Open Source Tools that let you do something about this: Short summary video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtXvUoPx4Qs Google Tech Talk: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=7654043762021156507 You implement a virtual CPU starting from NAND, then an OO language and an Operating System. This sort of comprehensive information should be an essential part of any programmer's "mental furniture." The nice thing, is that the only prerequisite is that you know hot to program in the first place. Craigslist should go into micropayments. Requiring a micropayment of a few cents for posting an ad could completely shut down spammers. I have a Logitech VX Revolution, and I just love it. The free-spinning scroll wheel is very smooth and natural to use, and it's as fast or slow as you want. It goes by keystrokes? APL would win! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/APL_ (programming_language) APL would win, hands down, especially if you allowed specialized APL machines with all of the symbols available from the keyboard. APL was the original language for entire systems implemented in two lines of code that you had no hope of understanding after you wrote it. The KaBoom! Where's the Earth-shattering KaBoom!? But since the success rate for SPAM is so low, it only takes a miniscule per-post charge to make it uneconomical. Also, the requirement for payment could be structured to make it much harder for spammers to make arbitrary new identities. Maybe we should put James Bond theme music in back of the vid? Pathos, Logos, Ethos. The 3 Musketeers! All for One, and One for All! The author is using a Mythical Man-Month idea about how fast people can solve problems and applying it to computer programs and algorithms. Sorry, but that doesn't wash. You can't automatically analyze the basic blocks and dataflow of a human researcher's brain, but compilers can do this to programs. What's been missing is a high-level approach to parallelism. This is exactly where Apple has a core competency: software tools. I think they stand a good chance of producing something useful. It won't be universally applicable, but it doesn't need to be. If it will be useful in making parallelism easier, then this will be a meaningful success. I'm intrigued by this. Lua on LuaJIT has very good performance. (Some 60X faster than Ruby 1.8) If you made downvotes more scarce, then people would only use them if they absolutely had to. Maybe they would prioritize trolls and noise? Somehow, I think we're not quite that wise. Yes. The Internet of yore collapsed in a singularity caused by the excessive concentration of cluelessness. We are all presently living inside this event horizon. Intel is up to this with a C/C++ like language. Apple stands a good chance of making something like this easier to use. http://www.informationweek.com/news/software/development/sho... The population of fools who think they can get rich quick is related to the incidence of fools who do get rich quick. If no one gets rich spamming Craigslist and everyone instead gets poorer because it's too expensive, then no one will spam Craigslist. Combine the per-post micropayment with the forfeiture of your account balance one if you are caught spamming and I think this would be an effective deterrent. There will be fools who will still spam. They will just do it elsewhere. It's like the two guys in the woods confronted by a bear. One ties his running shows and the other asks if he could really outrun the bear. The first guy says: "I don't have to outrun the bear, just you!" In the case of iTunes, they've chosen not to compete. In the case of Android, they have chosen to compete. The success of low-cost point to point air carriers and air shuttles has already shown that there's a market for regional HSR. If a lot of people are thinking this way, then Android and OpenMoko are in for a world of hurt! I think this is a deliberate strategy on Apple's part. They want to get there first and benefit from network effects. Newspapers could have a significant competitive advantage over Craigslist. For one thing, since they charge, they are more spam-proof. If I were a paper, I would develop a web app that would easily and painlessly post an ad in both the newspaper, the newspaper's online site, and on Craigslist simultaneously. I detect sarcasm. I'll pretend it isn't there. There is a Sonicare model that runs on AA batteries. Buy that one. All the rechargeable battery models are designed to become trash when the batteries wear out. And they will, believe me. Sonicare cleans better than other electric toothbrushes. I've owned the Braun, and there is no comparison. The fully charged Sonicare makes my teeth feel the same as after a visit to the dentist. Is this really a frontier, or is it a well-trodden path? Write an application that has another plausible use. Make it possible to view porn on demand and maintain favorites lists, yet protect the privacy of of the viewer. On top of that, give the porn companies some way of protecting their "IP." (That's just funny, when you think about it.) Do all that, and you'll make money. Supporting example: Safari. It has another plausible use. It also has a "Private Browsing" mode. Result? It's used to view porn! I can only see the flag link for headlines. There's no flag link for comments. I was downmodded for not seeing a feature that was deliberately hidden? What's the best way for a business software programmer to get into bioinformatics? http://research.nokia.com/bluesky/non-literacy-001-2005/inde... http://www.smallsurfaces.com/tag/nonliterate/ http://www.janchipchase.com/blog/mt-search.cgi?tag=Kathmandu... One could help with OpenMRS, which would help to improve the medical information infrastructure of countries in Africa. http://feed.openmrs.org/tag/global%20health OpenMRS is a project to enable modern medical records technology, which is now used in Africa. http://feed.openmrs.org/tag/global%20health That was a misinterpretation. I think Apple is pushing ahead with its SDK and increasing its user base with a cheaper iPhone to secure its lead over Android and OpenMoko. We should think of the average joe's mental model as being warped, but be honest about why it's warped. Those who have engineered the UIs haven't given Joe Average the right feedback and information to form the correct models. The Inmates are Running the Asylum http://books.google.com/books?hl=en&id=04cFCVXC_AUC&... I heard about some ex-soviet scientists who developed a little control box to prevent backflow in big pipes (like at refineries.) They were able to sell $10 worth of hardware for something like $150,000 because of the money it would save refineries. Of course, what made it really valuable was the software in the box. Paper books are instantly interactive. When I flip to a page, I see immediate results. When I'm flipping big chunks of pages, casually implementing binary search to get to a particular page, I get instant results. E-ink sucks because you have to wait for results. Immediacy actually makes the tiny iPhone screen better than e-ink! must...resist...temptation!... It's surprising how easy it is for me and for other people to forget that Google is not a monolithic entity. It's a collection of people, like any other big company. There's going to be good people and bad people in there. The press tends to refer to it as a single entity, however. Amazon Marketplace is great as well. I remember taking 4 boxes of books to a used book store a few years back and being offered $17. I instead sell them on Amazon Marketplace used and get over $200. Looks like the world's most expensive high-end phonograph listening room to me. Carbon Neutrality is something systemic. Take any process that is locally "carbon neutral" and you can trace back to some input or prerequisite that involved an emission of carbon dioxide. Right at this moment it's hopeless. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't try. It's millions of small steps that will eventually shift our economy and our society to sustainability. Just don't expect to get there in a day. (Poster drives a B100 Biodiesel fueled car, but realizes he's still part of the carbon economy.) Please have them debunk water-for-gas once and for all! And thank them for improving the science-education aspect of their show! It's gotten much better over the past year/year and a half. The reason why there is so much Emacs/vi debate is because both editors are quite powerful! From what I have seen, both are very good editors. If you already know vim really well, then you won't benefit editor-wise from learning Emacs. If you want a portable operating system/programming environment within an OS, then Emacs offers a lot more than vi does. If Twitter could make it really easy to pay for something, then tweet about stuff you liked, this would be gold! Marketers would be drooling over this stuff. Also, this opens the path to micropayments. Another drooly - enable the infrastructure as a series of browser plug-ins. This way, every site becomes a part of the system by default. Ruby has a pretty hairy syntax whose ambiguities are resolved at what is essentially runtime in some cases. Python's syntax is cleaner, and the way it regards whitespace is better defined. I doubt there are examples of syntactic hairyness in Python as bad as what's in Ruby. I am not disappointed after having seen the website. I expected a fail in the security department. You can't really "self destruct" a message on the medium of a computer unless you have what amounts to some form of DRM. Human beings are political creatures. So politics suffuses everything. Unfortunately, I've met many people who seem to believe that politics is the foundation to everything. If it weren't widely known and ridiculed, I sometimes wonder if these people think that the Indiana state legislature attempt to make Pi = 3 would've worked! I think the atmosphere of political contention on campuses sometimes exacerbates this. What if you run PGP Desktop under a modified QEMU that can log all changes to memory state in a particular program? Also, since the hull is flat, rogue waves will create huge stresses on these things, probably destroying them. Living on a floating island on the ocean is eventual suicide. It's not a matter of if it will be destroyed by waves, but when. There is a way to build habitations on the water and decouple them from wave energy -- use Spar Buoys. http://seasteading.org/ Before you start on this, what about the problem of consciousness? If the simulations can't give rise to consciousness, then I know this isn't the case. Aren't all Javascript programs effectively just ephemeral browser extensions? Well, I did say they were like "ephemeral" extensions. If I can reuse the formula in many spreadsheets, it becomes more like an extension. Once upon a time, I couldn't imagine something in the browser like the interface for Yahoo Pipes. But once Javascript becomes capable enough, some programmer thinks of it sometime later, and here it is! So how is that not extending the functionality of the browser? The fact that the code has to be reloaded for each site just isn't a big deal for the end user until download times become a pain in the butt. Yes, it seems basic. All software "extends" the computer. That is what's so fundamentally great about software! Notepad++ does code folding for Python rather well, but it's Windows only. Difficulty Unit Testing often reveals deficiencies in design. Is your system divided into largely orthogonal parts? There are Silver Bullets, but only in terms of specific contexts. If you are dealing with heavy concurrency, a language like Erlang, Newsqueak, or Stackless Python is very powerful. If you are doing a lot with matrices, Matlab makes your job a whole lot easier. The problem is that interesting problems tend to combine a lot of different ingredients, so the problem reappears at a different level. I find the following analogy interesting: "I don't want to harvest vegetables, boil down some bone to make chicken stock, collect herbs & spices, throw it all in a pot and simmer for 4 hours - I'll just go to the store and buy some soup instead!" Soup used to be a very good way of extracting additional nutritional value from kitchen scraps, as well as assuaging someone's hunger with relatively few resources. In the industrialized world, it is no longer needed for these purposes, yet the pattern persists. Is soup still near-optimal for something, or does it just persist because it's good enough to survive, though other patterns are clearly better. Does this notion generalize? Do pickup artists see women as 'looser?' I guess it works. I wish manufacturers of flash devices were a lot more up-front about read vs. write speeds and details on wear-leveling. What I would love: a drive that would tell you when it was 1 month from failure. In the meantime, there's this 2.5" CF Raid 5 adaptor: http://www.engadget.com/2008/04/23/centurys-sata-adapter-sup... $5000 for a yurt? Build your own in two hours with $250 of materials from Home Depot. (Plus, it'll have that angular high-tech look!) http://hexayurt.com/ "There's no way to prolong aging without curing all age related diseases." This statement betrays that you don't understand Aubrey de Grey's position. He doesn't want to cure all age related diseases. (Except 1) Because there's so few kinds of metabolic damage (just 7) it now seems possible for us to find a way to ameliorate all of them, thus preventing age related diseases from appearing in the first place. And yes, he's done lots of thinking about cancer and the 100% likeliness of getting it if you live long enough. I suggest that you actually read what he was to say before labeling him. (You are not alone. From what I've read on the Slashdot entry, most of the people there only have the foggiest idea of what his position is.) Lots of people will still die, no matter what we discover. "using any of the body's systems makes them stronger" Only partly true. This is true in the short term for younger people. It's not true in the long term for older people. Your metabolism results in different kinds of intracellular junk and intercellular junk accumulating. After a certain point, it reaches the level of pathology. But before that happens, using those metabolic pathways does tend to make them stronger. Steve Jobs and Apple should be happy that there's an established lexicon around what you can do with the iPhone. Potential buyers: criminals who think they can hide their data in a pile of trash. Boyfriends who think they can hide their erotic photo collection. Of course. Digg is mainstream. "I have often thought of volunteering my time to a college or tech school locally to teach computer-illiterate people the basics of computer use. It would be such a simple thing for me and judging by Ms. L's plight, it could make all the difference in the world to some people." If you do this enough, you will inevitably come up against a real challenge. One of my students could not even double-click. She would raise her hand to hover a couple of inches above the mouse, then stab down with her finger twice. Not only was this too slow to register as a double click, she invariably moved the mouse. with each downward stab of her finger. I would show her the right way to do it, but she would always devolve to her old behavior. There's listening, then there's listening. When someone is really learning, you are dealing with the edges of their model of the world and their conscious perception. When you are really teaching, you are playing in this dangerous interstice. Sometimes, the best way of teaching people is tricking them. Sometimes, if you just tell them, they'll just rationalize what you have to tell them away. This is more apt to apply to classes in history than to computers, however. Even then, there are popular misconceptions to deal with. You are right, but then one would have to focus on your success stories, which might just a few percent of the students. By the time people are college aged, they are pretty set in their ways. Educational miracles where whole classes are swept up into success generally happen with younger students. "Is it sufficient to simply not target growth as a goal?" Growth is a big part of the problem. It's much the same for movies. You can either appeal to a more discriminating audience, which is inherently smaller, or go lowest common denominator. Actually, the pattern is to start out appealing to the discriminating crowd to get a "cool" cachet, then expand and go mass-market. Another big problem is the monkey-see-monkey-do nature of Homo Sapiens. Over time, you will see more noise in the form of attempts at imitating signal instead of true signal. Doing this for SHA1 isn't a good choice. SHA1 is already broken. http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2005/02/sha1_broken.ht... Also, blog posts are not worth much in a patent dispute. Articles in academic journals and patent applications work. A rigorously kept lab journal might do as well. Hmm, perhaps an online Lab Journal service might be a good online business? Are you saying that those posts wouldn't be made by someone else? I doubt it. How is different from America Online in the 90's? It wouldn't be exactly the same, and the execution might be better, but wouldn't it be much the same? ...instead of the data falling into the wrong hands. Hmm, why is the iPod/iPhone counted as only one idea? There's a lot of strong arguments for counting them as two. Especially interesting since the number comparison is made to Miles Davis who is said to have 5 ideas. In that case, I think you really need to give at least "the tie" to Steve. Not only does #3 sound the best, but you just argued him another point for iTunes. From what I've seen, Libertarianism seems to be the most logically consistent and internally consistent ideology. I think it glosses over some aspects of human nature, but if you accept all the tenets, it can achieve an unmatched level of internal consistency. I suspect this is why hackers are attracted to it. Yes, I find that there's a disconnect the notion of liking places where good ideas win and a dislike of 'bloat.' What's one man's bloat is another man's potentially useful library / tool-chest. Emacs stays around because it's useful to many people. For software, that's an important kind of 'win.' Just because you're being subtle doesn't make you any less rude. Perhaps a better argument against: Are all dangerous ideas of equal value? How would you compare a reinvention of Jazz with iTunes? (A more polished and legal replacement of the original Napster.) Ah, I see now. You meant the score as just a tongue in cheek thing. When I was a kid, I saw a disk copy program on Apple II's at camp that let you play pong while copying disks. (So the counselors wouldn't know you were pirating games.) The old Defender game would be perfect for playing inside of a horizontal progress bar. Instead of having a radar display, you could just have the whole planet inside the progress bar, just like you have Defender in the favicon of this website. http://www.p01.org/releases/DHTML_contests/files/DEFENDER_of... If you can't write intention revealing code, this often is a symptom! Most often this means that there are implicit rules written into your code base. 90% of the time or more these should be factored out! Also, another problem with too many comments: this is more stuff to maintain. Chances are, the programmer already has enough to do! "This is true because code is designed partly for computers while comments can be written entirely for humans." There are differing degrees to which this is true. Different languages had different design motivations. Smalltalk was specifically designed to be readable by humans. By grade school aged humans, actually! In the Smalltalk community, most regard comments as a "Code Smell." A better metaphor would be "what should I make it out of?" You can build a house out of straw, sticks, bricks, or titanium. But these have different advantages, drawbacks, and costs. When it comes down to it, metaphors for software are almost always particularly flawed. Yes, but they are cheaper and quicker to construct. The way it's written, it's not "Zero M Q" it's actually "Null M Q." On early personal computers like the Apple II, the null-set symbol was used in the display font as zero, so maybe that's a reference to this. Apostrophe-s is rarely a plural! I wish I had a downvote. "X is dead" is dead It's the diggification of Hacker News. I think this says something significant about our "society." I think this reveals where our notion of community has gone. I think that a mother using reverse psychology to motivate her child to do her homework is "ethically manipulative." I think a national leader using lies to lead his country into war is unethically manipulative. I don't yet have a formula for it though. He's right that time is the key resource. However, money can buy time. This has to be bought in certain established increments, however. (Full-time employees. Interns.) $80k is going to be a lot more useful than 16 chunks of $5000. There are very few Open Source projects with some form of GUI that reach a professional level of polish without money. Anyone know of the exceptions? Well, that's why there is no formula! It's a sticky wicket. In the case of the mother and child, in most cases, the mother is correct in thinking it's "for their own good." Also, in that case, there's good reason to believe that the child doesn't know what's best. So don't try to put any formula in my mouth. I explicitly said I had none! (It's like porn: "I can't define it, but I know it when I see it.") The other day my girlfriend, who is of Louisiana Creole extraction, commented: "I've never seen so many white people on bicycles!" We live in Houston, and it used to be that most of the bicyclists you see in my neighborhood are Black and Hispanic guys who have to get to work but can't afford a car. Programming drains you in innumerable nickel and dime increments. Each tidbit that you "just have to know" is a tiny bit of cognitive load you have to tow. This not only applies to languages, but libraries. A few trivialities are meaningless. Thousands of trivialities will drain you, and a few of those will slip through and become bugs. Of course, this has potential uses in porn as a "wish fulfillment" technology. principle The principal of your school is your princely pal. Hopefully he has principles. If George W. knew that there were nukes lying around Iraq and used deception to motivate the US to go to war to get them, then I'd say that would be better than the current situation, but I'm still not sure it would be ethical. However, it looks like he knew there weren't nukes or any sort of WMDs there. In the case of the mom, the prospects for long term harm are minimal and the potential for long term benefit are pretty good. In the case of taking a country to war, there's always a whole lot of potential for long term harm. The evidence indicates that, for most, life is a series of gut reactions that we rationalize later. Ubuntu surprised the heck out of me. I was fiddling with the Wifi to try to get it to work when I decided I needed to download something. I connected the machine to the router using CAT5, and Ubuntu connected to the internet and figured out what to do for me . All I had to do was to tell it to proceed. Of course, in reality, it just probed the hardware configuration and downloaded a script someone else had figured out, but still, that was way impressive! Not only that, but Singularity allows fine-grained security along the lines of capabilities. (Arguably Erlang has something like capabilities baked in as well.) This is the way security should have been done for internet-connected end-user controlled computers. What we have now is security meant to be managed by super-knowledgeable super-users. Before they got to alpha, was it called "pre-Posterous?" What I'd like is a way to unify all of my Facebook/Myspace/Twitter microblogging. One of the first things to tackle would be access to clean water. Doing away with bare pointers and having "object references" was an even better one. You get the most useful part of the power of pointers, but none of the potential headaches. Well, if the revenue model stays where it is, the music industry is in for an agonizing (for the establishment) long-term smooshing into the long tail. (Imagine an astronaut being pulled into a noodle by tidal forces as he falls into a black hole.) I'm not sure anything can save it, however. Maybe the devastating changes it's going through now are "saving" it? 11 - mine Not only does this give a sense of the lowest levels, but you also get to build your own Object Oriented language and write your own kernel and Operating System! This is one of the best and most practical ways of getting the whole enchilada I know of. A coworker of mine bought one and has high praise for it. I believe he has the 1420N. The Scrabulous developers messed up. I've read they were offered $10 million. They should've taken that! A couple of million would give you the freedom to work on whatever you want! I use procrastination and guilt. It's actually why I read Hacker News. The self-righteousness of trollers is every bit as intense as those of the so-called "blowhards" that they target. It's something that I recognize. It's just like the kids who used to haze me when I was a kid, solely because of my Asian ethnicity. There is the same insistence that it's some kind of joke. There is the same delight in cruelty. There is the same self-righteous self assurance that somehow they've struck a blow to make the world a better place. It is also something that I recognize in myself. The superiority of the Tit-for-Two-Tats strategy seems to be on the level of mathematical truth. The desire to shock or somehow get a rise out of somebody, supposedly in the interest of education, often reveals that the perpetrator really just wants to shock someone. In the overwhelming majority of cases, the troller thinks of his/her victims as the "douche bag." They think of their "joke" as some kind of blow for truth. Actually, it makes perfect sense. Agression is the natural reaction to hurt. I've been on the receiving end of prank calls. When I first reported it to the police, the officer assigned to my case seemed to have the attitude that I was just thin skinned. That changed the moment I played him a recording I made of the callers. After that, he was just as motivated to track them down as I was. They turned out to be a bunch of teenage boys of low socioeconomic status. Their only reason for singling me out was my name which they had run across in the phone book. (The listing was in error -- it was supposed to be unlisted.) I suspect that their delight in the cruelty was enhanced by their conclusion that I was a poor immigrant who couldn't afford advanced features on his phone line. I suspect that they were happy to finally find someone "lower" than themselves to pick on. If you've never been the subject of arbitrary cruelty by some kind of mob, then you don't really know what it's like. And if you don't know what it's like to grow up in a society that brands you as somehow inferior, such that cruelty to you constitutes some kind of "joke" then there's something else you don't really know. You can think your way deeper into one, though. With all of the snafus that iPhone users have encountered of late (problems with iTunes, activation woes, iPhone instability, bad AT&T customer service, MobileMe problems) there is plenty of opportunity for RIM to have a sustainable business. They may even cannibalize disappointed iPhone users. I have an iPhone, and I like it lots, but my friend who has a blackberry can't stand using it. There's one immutable factor: There are lots of people out there who prefer to type on their smartphone with two thumbs. Enough to make a good business, especially if you are willing to learn from the iPhone's successes and failures. So maybe the iPhone is an opportunity for Mobile Opera to make some inroads? I guess every smartphone needs a really good web browser now. Forget about the maids having to carry them at all. Build a kind of auto-recharge/clean/de-hair/emptying station into the base of the bed and have one each room. Also build an electronic "Do Not Disturb/Please Clean the Room" sign into the door which notifies the Roomba when it might be okay to activate. The Roomba would be programmed to start the cycle one hour after the guests leave in the morning. Alternatively, have a cart-sized Mothership robot with the above facilities. It could go down the hall and dispatch Roombas, which would enter through a "Robot-door" disguised as a kickplate and equipped with a wireless lock. The Mothership could implement battery-swap to maximize the duty cycle of the Roombas. Already covered by Monty Python years ago. ...The LARCH... ...The LARCH... Actually, the preference for Iteration is really just another form of "Evolution is Smarter Than You." Or, if you will: You'll never learn as much about [X] by just thinking about it, as opposed to actually doing [X] a whole bunch! (While thinking about it.) "...Free software seems to have better usability..." Not sure about that. Dia vs. Visio? Visio wins. Maya 3D vs. Blender? Many say Maya 3D wins. GIMP vs. Photoshop? I'd say that one was really a tie with a large pool of people just used to the way Photoshop does things. OpenOffice vs. Word? OpenOffice still has lots of interface snafus compared to Word. (But AbiWord doesn't have those.) I contend that Open Source / Free Software almost never achieves the same level of GUI polish as the best proprietary apps without someone being paid to do it. The market forces in the volunteer-only situation almost never push it to that level. If you contend that Open/Free and Proprietary apps as a whole are around the same average level, I would generally agree. But let's be honest here: that's setting the bar way too low. Everyone should be aiming for the top few %. And when it comes to that, the Proprietary stuff has the lion's share. The choice isn't only about Changing the World or just getting paid. You can also change the world in a small way that gets you paid consistently. Search engines changed the world in a big way, and Google continued with that. Google makes a ton of money as a consequence. Wireless Toll Payment changed the world in a small way, which will probably get bigger in time. But for now, toll roads are just a bit more convenient to use. You can also change the world in a big way that doesn't generate much money at all: YouTube. The problem with the "Tipping Point" is that we humans have gotten to the point where we could cool the earth if we got desperate enough. We know from studying volcanoes that injecting large amounts of sulphur particulates into the stratosphere will cool the earth quite effectively. Any number of industrialized nations could do enough of this to counteract global warming for modest fractions of their GDPs. There are other materials we could use that would persist higher than the stratosphere and reduce certain negative consequences. Unlike other things we can do about climate change, this is also quick ! Of course, the problem with this, is that there are sure to be unintended consequences. Perhaps this is another sort of "Tipping Point" -- where humanity follows a spiral of ever-increasing interventions with unintended consequences that spiral out of control. More important: the ability to manipulate the global climate will have profound geopolitical and strategic ramifications. These are perhaps just as dangerous as the CO2 tipping point. http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/david_keith_s_surprising_... Smalltalk also has different precedence rules. Assignment is highest, followed by unary ops, binary ops, then keyword messages. In some cases, this results in expressions evaluating left to right. This is often the biggest complaint from outsiders. But it's easily solved by including parenthesis now and then. In 10 years of doing Smalltalk, I've never encountered a situation where this is ever an issue. I've never encountered a but caused by math expression precedence. Newb Smalltalkers might make the mistake, but they generally correct it in the next second. So much for the first impression of programmers who are unfamiliar with the language. In 10 years of Smalltalk, I've also never encountered a situation where Smalltalk execution was slow -- it was always poorly designed (low-latency favoring in a high-latency environment) database IO. If anything, I've always been impressed with how fast the commercial VMs are. My point: the "popular notions" about programming languages are often as misleading as urban legends. Any given language is under appreciated by that subset of programmers that mistakes their own ignorance for the language's shortcomings. The Cake is a lie! Thought exercise: Then why not salt your hashes using some kind of lookup table on the password? With a bigger lookup table, you have a better chance of having a unique salt for most of your users. In fact, the bigger the table the better. But that takes up space, so why not use a function? But what kind of function? It should be cryptographically secure. Wait, I know, a hash function would be perfect! Basically, this is just adding another gimpy home-grown round to your hash function. It will make the attacker's job slightly harder, but as others have pointed out, you can still match any password from the file. I conclude that the best thing to do is to use a hash of the username as the password's salt. So the unique salt has to be transmitted from the server to the client in order to do authentication? Why not just use a hash of the username? Early on, people used fixed string salts. Some people learned and advanced. Ever since the 2.0 update, my iPhone crashes and reboots. AFAIK, the iPhone does have background processes. Apple just won't let you have at them! Apple could easily write a specialized API that lets you run virtualized background processes. This would be an improvement on the current situation, but it would maintain heightened security. Apparently, Nathan Rothschild used this gambit on the London Stock Exchange. He had a trusted confederate observe the battle of Waterloo, then rush to London the moment he determined the outcome of the battle. (Some hours before it ended.) Nathan then received this news, then acted as if the opposite were true in order to manipulate the market to his advantage. http://www.rumormillnews.com/cgi-bin/archive.cgi/noframes/re... Right. So a lack of real competition enables abuses by corporate behemoths. Solution? Bring in the government behemoth. What about enabling real competition? But that is Doing & Thinking vs. Doing & not enough thinking. Our options are: 1) Too much thinking, not enough doing 2) Balanced thinking & doing 3) Too much doing, not enough thinking As often is the case, the middle path is best. You can't rely entirely on SSL. You're still vulnerable to man in the middle attacks, among other things. Like programmers? If the newbie programmers are professionals worthy of the name, those errors won't make it into production. A less complex parser will have tremendous leverage by making it easier to craft syntax-aware programming tools. Smalltalk has a history of amazing ground-breaking programmer tools written by single individuals years ahead of their appearance in other languages. Contrast this with Ruby. I like Ruby a lot. It's a great language. The syntax is a bit hairy, however. Teams of people worked for a couple of years to produce an ANTLR parser which is independent of the Ruby VM's parser and could be used for programming tools. A good programmer can just crank out a top-down Smalltalk parser in one day. If you make your language easy to work with, you get a more powerful toolset sooner. On top of that, the lowered barrier to entry gets you more real innovation in that toolset. DNS poisoning enables a MITM attack even if you're connecting to your safe, legitimate domain. Programming languages are just as much social/cultural constructs as spoken ones. The language's technical merits are just one factor. Sometimes, a bigger factor is the community which uses that language. Choice of language makes a difference in productivity to your team, but in many cases, this will be swamped by other factors, like how experienced and knowledgeable they are and how well they work together. Then again, there are highly specialized domains where a language will make you 100X more productive than another. The problem with Man in The Middle attack is that it's a fundamental problem. It's on the same level as the Two Generals problem. In a way it's a variation of it. The only way to deal with it is to have a 2nd channel. Everyone who has to deal with security would be well advised to actually study this, and not blithely wave it away: http://www.webmasterworld.com/website_technology/3711575.htm Read the whole thread and learn. SSL can only protect savvy users. Depending on how sensitive your data is, this can still be a problem. Combining this with DNS poisoning would be particularly bad. If you're connecting to a website that looks the same, but the URL is slightly different, it won't help. What's more, the URL doesn't have to be different for the entire user's session. How about using 2048 bit RSA as a hash function? That's going to be a lot slower. I am mistaken. (Faulty memory.) The early Unix salts were random, though they were only two characters. My assertion is that you can't just use SSL and leave it at that. In that case, you're only going to protect savvy users, and not even all of those. Source of confusion: bcrypt is also the name for a utility using Blowfish. bcrypt-ruby looks pretty cool. The problem is that, in the US, political will often dies with the stopgap solution. A big part of the reason for Relational DB's continued supremacy, is that it's become a part of the back-end language of business IT. Even though an OODB might be a better fit for an application, it's a handicap that your app is not on top of a relational database. SQL has become a kind of protocol for data exchange. Unfortunately, it makes for a very loose and sloppy protocol that completely spoils encapsulation. One of the interesting technologies that Gemstone has had in its portfolio for years is the ability to make its data available in relational/SQL DB form. You can have your app running on top of an OODB, but still interface with your Fortune 500 comrades who want to do SQL queries for Crystal Reports. His reputation suffered in one respect, but he made so much money and gained so much power, it was worth it. In the eyes of many, his reputation as a shrewd and canny operator was confirmed. There is a prohibition on floating cities? So adherents cannot live on "seasteads?" Can they work on oil rigs? What about Geoffrey Landis' proposal to colonize the upper atmosphere of Venus by building aerostat habitats there? What about ocean liners with shopping malls and ferris wheels in them? Do you contend that this is why there is so much attention given to web startups? An excerpt of the paper taken from the "Open..." blog: "In other industries, research continues up to a point where further research costs too much to be feasible. At this stage, the industry's output merely consists of replacing parts that have worn out. However, in the software sector, a computer program that is fully debugged will perform its function forever without requiring maintenance or modification. What this means is that unlike socks that wear out, and breakfast cereal that is eaten, a particular software product can be sold to a particular customer at most once. If it is to be sold to that customer again, it must be enhanced with new features and functionality. This inevitably means that even if the industry were to approach maturity, any software company that does not produce new and innovative products will simply run out of customers! Thus, the industry will remain innovative whether or not software patents exist." http://opendotdotdot.blogspot.com/2008/08/why-software-paten... I've encountered C programmers who view the compiler as a kind of magic in the same way that Prof. Dewar fears many Java educated CS students view the JVM. But then again, you also see incompetent mechanics and plumbers. About time. .Mac was always glaringly mediocre compared to Apple as a whole. The headline makes this sound like MacGyver, which it's not. But still awesome! Robert Maxwell was an avowed socialist. He was once a rival to Rupert Murdoch in the news business. He was also called a "champagne socialist." I remember on 60 Minutes, he was asked how he could be a socialist and yet have the private jet and the yacht. He replied that he was forced by his position in our society as a captain of industry to have all the trappings. By the standards of most of the world, "comfortably middle class" in the US is rich. The Truphone app is interesting. If you could do "paging" or something like SMS with it, it would be disruptive. Even though the iPhone doesn't allow background processes, having the push notification on your app icon would allow the user to receive a "page," find a Wifi connection, start up the app and call the person back. I don't even think the network effects are that important. My girlfriend and I could use it to keep in touch with only each other without paying SMS fees during the day. Then we can tell another couple about it. Much the same happened with Skype and people using it to call their parents. What's to keep someone from making a free competitor? At some point, someone will have to post eviction notices, and the sheriff will have to show up and throw someone's stuff out on the sidewalk. I have a coworker with the Dell 1420 laptop that's preloaded with Ubuntu, and he hasn't had a lick of trouble. I also installed Xubuntu on my Inspiron 1750 multimedia laptop, and once I hooked it up to my router, the Hardware Drivers utility downloaded scripts and everything basically got installed for me. He tries to debunk the economy metaphor by pointing out that: 1) Lots of people use the metaphor poorly 2) If you take it literally, it doesn't work Neither of those are particularly good. Maybe becoming hackneyed reduces the value of a metaphor in terms of communications, but really says nothing about it as an idea. And lots of metaphors don't work if you take them literally because, you know, they're metaphors ! I dislike how this happened to the word "paradigm." Awareness of one's mental models is quite valuable. And there are likely emergent effects akin to markets in web communities, despite the difficulty in quantifying them. 8/7/2008 9:57am Central Time. This headline appears right above, "Parasites that Brainwash their Host." If they're competent, then the deactivation tokens would have to be signed. They're using SSL encryption for this? BoxOffice was an awesome App. It aggregated freely available information in a useful way. It was attractive. The description is well written. None of the sites it aggregated information from objected to it. Yet they pulled this one. Something is definitely wrong! I thought that be for pirates. Mayhaps that be the arrPhone? loses Please post your findings on Hacker News! Cool idea! Apostrophe is not a plural! When I am struggling with something, I sometimes think 'Damn, this is hard. I wonder if I am stupid,' and then I remember that I have a counterfeit degree in astrophysics from Cal Tech; I might be stupid, but I can still fool others. Another sign that something is definitely wrong! Yes, but you should be able to use SSL to verify the certificate. Hmm, isn't Twitter just the Web 2.0 version of IRC? I've tended to log into IRC just to see what goes past. Much like I do when I've logged into Twitter. Why would it have been a problem to start a software shop in the mid 90's in France? 35 hour workweek? Other government mandated benefits? Not saying it wasn't. I just want to know exactly what the referent is. Is that kinda killing with faint praise? The short writeup is like a preemptive surrender to Godwin's law! I wonder if it would be against the NDA to write and distribute a targeted parser/rewriter that transforms a particular bit of FOSS code to something that runs on the iPhone? You wouldn't be distributing your iPhone app's code. You wouldn't be distributing the FOSS code -- presumably it's already being distributed by someone else. What you would be distributing the source code for wouldn't be running on the iPhone. Not even more pervasive advertising? Perhaps they could use the cash influx from an IPO to do more ads? Almost bound to happen eventually in a collection of over 100 C programs. (Though, if someone knows of a shop that has a demonstrated reliable method to eliminate buffer overflow errors in their product, that would be dandy to know about.) For moderation, Slashdot uses a menu that not only indicates the up/down vote but a one-word description for why. The author can then see a breakdown of their comment's score. That's quick and easy for the moderator, yet it gives good feedback to the author. It would look far less minimalist than the up/down arrows, which for many would be a downside. Tell everyone who doesn't know that particles with even greater energy have been hitting the Earth for billions of years. So if something bad could happen from operating the LHC, it probably would've already happened. Disemvoweling tends to pique my curiosity. I'd like to puzzle out what's said and see what they were disemvoweled for. I think the color fading is a better technique for this reason -- there's no mystery, only muting. The "Been Too Busy For [X]" books would probably sell well to pointy-haired boss types who have big egos and just want the "10,000 foot view." TouchTerm is only $2.99 as of this writing. Uh, what exactly do you mean by "precisely head on?" The particles are aimed only such that you have one stream going through the same region of space as another stream. They are not taking an individual particle and aiming it marksman-like at another individual particle. Even if this were the case, ever hear of "Relativity?" The whole point is that there are no special reference frames. A particle hitting another oncoming "head on" is the same as another hitting a "stationary" one. The point being: there is no distinction between the LHC's particle collisions and cosmic rays colliding with matter around our planet. And as far as "remote chance" goes, given the huge number of collisions that already happen with even greater energies, this chance must be about as remote as a droplet of water being thrown spontaneously from a still glass of water to the ceiling. There is a finite probability, but it's so low, it's practically zero. http://skeptoid.com/episodes/4109 In the same spirit, someone should take one of those iPhone "Magic 8-ball" apps and have the app upload a sound recording from the moment the iPhone is tipped around for an answer. Then you could go to a site and listen to an internet radio stream of all the questions people are asking and using the iPhone to scry about. Duplicating other conditions would be key. Universities that encourage professors to be involved with industry, like Stanford, would help tremendously. Also, doing an end-run around broadband might be an even better strategy. How about distributing OpenMoko sets and programming environments? Another thing to look at -- see what the US is doing wrong and give India an advantage by not duplicating those mistakes. Seems to me this will generate a few false positives, though it will be fairly good at avoiding false negatives. If Firefox vs. IE is really generational, this is big news! Can you have a mortgage for one? How about Tequila? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0rMkt3uB9c That would make those "opt-in," which would be a good thing to me. Japanese culture still seems to prize intelligence, whereas places like the US require you to hide it some of the time. It's almost like they're an entire nation of nerds. There's a lot of conformity in the US as well. It's often harnessed by marketers. I think Starbucks is trying to bring some of that back. I got a free coffee in a Houston Starbucks a few weeks ago. There needs to be good standards program for security audits. There is a serious problem, because security is not well understood. It's very easy to sell the government and private organizations a shoddy set of goods. What about institutionalizing white hat hacking, somehow? I could imagine a system where two competing tiger teams ensure good results. Basically, pay bonuses for actually breaking the security measures. If only one team succeeds in breaking in, then they get both team's bonus. Doesn't this apply more to the vendor and less to the customer? The vendor can sell a system and skimp on the added cost of security. If they are good at managing the account and spinning the situation, when security issues do come up, they have a chance to sell the customer an entirely new system. The customer is probably better off with a spec for proper security in the first place, so they can avoid the cost of refitting or replacing the entire system. If mobile devices could be used to pay for transit fares and buy lunch, it could happen. Transit fares could be what gets things started. There are big problems with this, however. No one actually has the motivation to get this started. The transit authorities already have fare collection that works well enough. Security would be a big worry. No phone manufacturers would want that headache, and there's no existing demand for such features. They are not as creepy as most other animations I've seen. If the information card also contained your public profile information, then a lot of phishing would be curtailed. The problem is that we are constantly asked for information. If this was largely automated, guarded by cryptographically secure means of identification, and attached to a physical device of some sort, then the number of times we're asked for information would be reduced tremendously. There's a bit of a contradiction in this article. He says that programmers seem to be about 5 times as productive as they were in Fred Brook's day. If you reduce the size of a team by a factor of 5, you also reduce the communication overhead by a factor of 25. I do not see that this is accounted for in his reasoning. Also, the truth of the majority of most FOSS projects is that the lion's share of the work is done by a minority of the contributors. Haven't there been comparative studies done on Linux and Windows operating systems as a whole? I think that the quality of both systems has been found to be comparable. How is search not 'media?' Haven't media companies traditionally made their income from advertising? Oil is not completely fungible. There are different grades of crude. Natural gas is a bit more fungible. Once it has been processed to whatever standards apply it is completely fungible. Power is even more fungible. We should be able to save a heck of a lot more oil than we can drill through revolution in our ways of doing things. If we replaced almost all of the petroleum fueled commuter travel for trips under 25 miles, this would probably have a much bigger impact on retail gasoline prices than drilling. If we pushed for a shift from petroleum feedstocks for the chemical industry to methanol, this would also potentially have a bigger impact. Note that both of these are achievable with technology we already have. Small form factor and all-in-one will ensure that desktops never quite disappear. Heck, the all-powerful bleeding-edge no-holds barred desktop will always have a place somewhere. Anyone who programs or creates content will want as much screen real estate as possible. To really see a disappearance of the desktop will require a revolution in user interface and display technology. So long as we're still doing stuff that looks like working on a "workstation" from the 1990s (or Xerox Parc in the 1970's) we'll still have desktops. I guess that's almost tautological. We'll have desktops (computers) so long as we have desktops. (The table-like places to sit and do our work) I used to use a Small Form Factor machine like this. There was a separate monitor & keyboard at work and at home. This way, I could have a way faster machine than what I could get as a laptop at work, but still have portability. Patents are largely bullshit. The only thing looking at patents can do for a you as a programmer is to give you a nasty case of brain cloud. A few years ago, I spent a lot of time a few years ago looking at "Internet TV" related patents. Any area that might be hot is patent trolled to death, and this was certainly true for video over the internet. Best thing to do is to ignore it until people start becoming interested in you. People do act rationally. But it's a small minority of the time! Okay, that's a bit of an exaggeration. We tend to act rationally a lot of the time. But those are often "no brainer" situations where there is little question about the best option. The 6 factors in the article come in to play when decisions are less clear. Interesting idea. The name needs some marketing consulting. "Best" is contextual. "Undo" is conceptually simple to a user. It is often a nightmare to put into and existing code base. The story is the same as it was in the 90's. Most shops are culturally resistant to Unit Testing. Most management is too short sighted to appreciate the benefits. Unit test correctly, and you will still be in the world-beating minority. It's no wonder that Python and Ruby have unit testing cultures. They don't have the measure of safety that static typing gives. To safely refactor in those languages, one really should be unit testing. As a result, many projects end up unit testing and come out ahead. Computers are a good tool for modeling things and managing complexity. Good models will sometimes yield surprising and beneficial results. This is becoming a part of the common wisdom expressed in a variety of ways: "Evolution is smarter than you." "The street will find its own use for technology." Someone should do a Wikipedia-like site based on the old Connections series on PBS. I think you could do a site like this based solely on the history of technology and its interconnections. 10 years to achieve true mastery? Sounds about right. I've also often said it takes 3 years to "get dangerous," in both senses. My data is from studying and teaching music. On an even shorter time frame: once you get to the point that you're enjoying what you're doing, the only one who can stop you is yourself. http://www.quotedb.com/quotes/2195 Chance favors the prepared mind. -- Louis Pasteur I think it would be easier for Apple to succeed with a phone with a physical keyboard than it will be for BlackBerry to hit one out of the park with the touchscreen 9000. Apple would only require minor modifications to software. The BlackBerry will be starting from the ground. Whether Apple will do this is another matter entirely. Just how hard would it be for BlackBerry to duplicate the important parts of the AppStore? How about do that and lose the the obnoxious part, like setting up a standardized framework that's easy for developers to opt-in to, and not required? I used to do consulting like this for a Smalltalk vendor. It's spot-on in its description of the short-sightedness of many shops. You can think of this as just changing the granularity of your tokens. The set of possible tokens becomes huge and the number of them per page decreases at the same time, so of course this is going to make looking for approximate matches much easier. I'm driving a fixed up old Mercedes 300 diesel and running it on biodiesel. (B-100 in warm weather, B-80 in the winter.) I'm also switching to an electric company that can sell me only electricity sourced from wind and hydroelectric. (Through the magic of fungibility, of couse.) So as far as being my own personal Denmark, I'm doing as much as I think I can be expected to at the moment. So the lesson is: the fewer boxes you can get away with, the better? Virtualization support would be great for 3rd party apps. You could have two tiers of apps. 2nd tiered apps would run sandboxed and virtualized, while 1st tier apps would run native with access to background processes. Certifying the 1st tier would be a lot harder, however. Often valuable information is conveyed in a not-so calm demeanor. The delivery may not be the best, however. Agreed. I'm not proposing virtualization as a fix for stability specifically. I'm thinking mainly about security with stability as a pleasant side effect. The OLPC folks gave the XO laptop this capability to ensure 3rd party app security in what they thought could be the "largest software monoculture in the world." Turns out the iPhone is further along on that than the XO. (Blackberry is even farther along, but they seem to have avoided catastrophes. I wonder if the Black hats just haven't learned that it pays to be subtle?) Is the iPhone 2.* software better or worse than the unlocked iPhone? One of the biggest, most consistent problems I saw as a Smalltalk consultant was simply poor communication between development and users . There were inevitably at least two groups or levels of management in the same group between the users and development. The result was always the game of "telephone" or "gossip" -- the one where you form a line and one person whispers a message to the next. Information, filtered through too many minds always gets distorted in the process. I think you can do requirements gathering. But the right way to do it is to have smart actual users talking directly to smart actual devs. Even here, there is a chance for misunderstanding, but at least it's not compounded. (I suspect that the "telephone" game is an example of a nonlinear exponential process.) Unfortunately, middle managers defending their personal fiefdom will sometimes actually tell you that it's specifically not going to happen. In large organizations, upper management generally wants their representative to be the filter between the devs and the users, because software is generally an instrument of control. (Through workflow, even if the app has no explicit workflow framework, but that's another story.) Often in large organizations with a software project, devs and users will find some way to get together and talk face to face. It's a sign. Linus has an easier task. The hardware the kernel runs on and the software running on it act as an ironclad, rigorously defined spec. Dealing with human users is something else. Always, but we should also be realistic. We're going to be wrong about this stuff again and again. Technology itself is something of an exponential process. Basically, we're fuel in a kind of conflagration. If we care about the survival of our species, we need to get off this planet. Right now, we're all in the same basket. The biosphere links us all together in ways that are way too complex for a human being to comprehend. The only sensible engineering solution involves decoupling and redundancy. We've already seen how the ice caps are coupled to the rest of the world. Femtotech is a dandy idea, but still speculation. We know colonizing space is technically feasible. Once we're there, we know there can be a self sustaining economy. The problem is getting there with one. Popcorn would be hugely profitable if you could set the bowl out in public but still charge per kernel. If we only had micropayments. By "talking directly" I mean going to the floor where the software is actually used and hanging out with the users. The bandwidth is so much higher. Talking to them in a meeting room with no computer is almost a complete waste of time. Second Life has the right idea. Let users earn money by creating content. If you reward users for drudgery, there will always be cheating. Use market forces and subvert human nature to your advantage instead of fighting it. I interpret the post as just a long rantish way of saying: "If you want to write good software, you've also got to use it." In my experience, there is a lot of software out there that is deemed valuable by management, produces good ROI, but is despised in some way by its users. I'd say the majority of it. (And I've been in many dozens of shops as a consultant.) That will fly for internal software for a big company, but not for a web startup. Another way of saying it: really doing "systems analysis and requirements" right puts you in the user's shoes. That's the part that matters, not the artifacts produced by the process. (I'm preaching to the choir here, I know.) In fact, the "systems analysis and requirements" process matters not a bit, only the result, which should be getting the real user experience into the heads of development. Nope, but if you can, hang out with the actual users jockeying the software as often as you can. I know that I learn something new almost every time I go out on the trading floor and have a user walk me through the software I'm writing and fixing. I'll bet that a pacemaker embedded software developer who personally knew patients with a pacemaker and hung out with them every day would be a whole lot more motivated. "Eat your own cooking." An example of the opposite as a datapoint: We've all eaten institutional food cooked by people who are following a recipe they may not particularly care a whole lot about and probably won't eat their own cooking. Have you actually looked at patents? They are a cesspool of legalese and trolling for settlements. We have good reason to suspect that we can grow food and have access to all of the materials we need out there to build an industrial infrastructure. Yes, but if this cesspool were a real barrier, nothing would ever get done! Ignore at first. You'll be too small to sue. When you start to get somewhere, you can attract those with the resources to defend you. It shouldn't be "business requirements gathering." It should be "business requirements refinement." Linus wrote git for himself. The Internet's protocols aren't suited to doing broadcast. Doing broadcast correctly requires new protocols, just like doing computer networks correctly required a departure from the physical connection-oriented view of networks that arose from telephony. Van Jacobson's Google Tech Talk: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-6972678839686672840 The stifling collectivism and anti-creative properties you refer to are more akin to Feudalism, IMO. If you're going to make a prediction of China on which you will bet, bet that China will continue to be China. This is more that a tautology -- I suspect there is a tremendous stability to the underlying forms of culture and society in China that seems to transcend ideology. Mao just turned out to be the latest Emperor, after all. I predict that China will more or less continue to have its current borders. It will continue to have a highly centralized government. China will ultimately defeat invasions (including cultural ones) through assimilation. If democracy ever comes to China, it will be a uniquely Chinese version that will somehow manage to resemble an imperial government. Corporation as Feudal Estate: http://www.ecobooks.com/books/divineright.htm http://praxisblog.wordpress.com/2007/10/20/the-corporation-a... http://www.davidcogswell.com/Reviews/DivineRightReview.html Many implementations of multiple inheritance involve the synthesis of a class object. Ruby's multiple inheritance operates this way. So does Strongtalk's. So obviously, "super" has a concrete and specific meaning in these languages. We really need a male oral contraceptive. The pill would be far less likely to ruin relationships. Most men's desires are so, well, "broad spectrum" it's hard to imagine a change in our tastes that would eliminate our desire for our present partner. My girlfriend would be delighted if there were a male contraceptive pill. She is barely over 100 pounds and is very sensitive to medication across the board. (Just one cup of coffee in the afternoon is enough to give her insomnia.) We went through 4 different contraceptive pills, each switch taking over a month. They had obnoxious side effects: made her feel irritable, cut her sex drive down to nothing, made her feel not attracted to me, and made her feel like she "wasn't herself." It was horrible and it did test our relationship. The pill is not really an option for her, and I wish I had an option other than a vasecctomy. (We currently use condom & foam, which ruins a lot of the spontaneity, and which isn't quite effective enough for her tastes.) [Citation Needed] Cutting beams makes no sense! That would be a stupid and heartless landlord. The apartment is no longer rentable for the next tenant, and repairs are likely to cost a lot. I've had friends here in Houston whose landlords have lollygagged with fixing the water heater and the air conditioner -- for about half a year. The landlord of the friend with the broken water heater tried not cashing her rent checks for several months in order to evict her ahead of the lease. My friend just explained that she had been sending checks, and she also had the cash on hand and just handed the amount due over to her landlord in front of the judge. True story: A friend of mine wrote software for NASA. There was an old control system for something that had as its interface a 9 key keypad a numeric readout and something like an enter key. The system was modernized, and its software was ported to Unix workstations. However, to keep it compatible with the operations manuals, the new GUI interface just simulated the keypad and numeric readout. (This is not software that my friend wrote. He ported the "numerical integrator" program used to track the Space Shuttle in orbit and calculate abort trajectories during launch. And yes, he showed me the program with the keypad! Another thing: as I was walking around at JSC, I saw a "Unix for Dummies" book back there!) I knew a young aspiring (and penniless) artist in Cincinnati. She took gorgeous photos. Her method? She got to know lots of gorgeous young women, made friends with them and put them at ease, waited for just the right time of the day on a suitably sunny day, called up her friends and snapped them with a disposable camera. She had photos hanging in galleries and cafes taken with a disposable camera. I think they not only ignore this, I think they knowingly make pills with worse emotional/affective side effects simply because they can be made cheaper. "Monophasic" birth control pills? That just means all the pills are the same except for the placebos. Any MANTIS people out there? Not a MANTIS coder myself, but I used to work for the vendor. Speaking of historical mainframe languages, any MANTIS people out there? Not a MANTIS coder myself, but I used to work for the vendor. Anything that flourishes with a community needs good PR. Heck, even scientific truths need good PR for awhile. How long did Mendel's observations about genetics languish, even while Darwin desperately needed them? Another way to think about it: Good enough tech with Good PR will defeat Great tech with bad PR. Just as good musicians who had the backing of the industry became stars, while many people with even more talent remained unknown, there are tons of examples of great tech that languished in relative obscurity while "good enough" tech achieved huge sales. I have seen such horrors firsthand. A Smalltalk subsystem where all methods were class-side methods, only referred to local variables, and had variations of the same long list of arguments. All of these methods were copy and paste variants of each other and involved nested loops, multiple incrementing indexed array references, and conditional logic 4 or 5 levels deep. The coder who wrote these: a PhD in math who insisted she had a great understanding of Objects. What's more, she's outlasted everyone in the group and is now in charge of the entire application! There are two kinds of seekers of good instruments. One kind pushes him/herself so hard that they run up against the limitations of their instruments and so are driven to find better ones. Another kind doesn't push themselves so hard, but gravitates towards the advantages of better a better instrument even though they still have even more scope for improving their own playing through technique. I think this also extends to software tools. I am very suspicious of any hormonal birth control for my girlfriend. Her 2X or more enhanced sensitivity to everything is really uncanny in how consistent it is. At first I thought she was making things up or overreacting. She's not. I can't see any hormonal birth control avoiding the side effects unless it was specifically designed for her. I hear that this is coming down the pike, however. If you could do this in a cost effective way, you'd make billions . Making an uber concurrency friendly Ruby would probably end up looking a lot like Stackless Python. Rubinius is going whole-hog on green (lightweight) threads, BTW. True story: In grad school, one of our professors wrote a memory leak checker for C/C++ and sprung it on his compiler construction class two weeks from the end of the semester. He pronounced that no one with memory leaks in their project would pass his course. My friends were taking the class and everyone enrolled in it despaired of passing. As a joke, to try and bring some levity to the situation, I suggested that they just register every allocation they made on a huge list, then free everything right before program termination. Well, they were so desperate, they went and implemented it. Others in the class heard about this, and soon every single student enrolled in the class had implemented the same scheme. Later on, I became the TA for that professor for the same compiler construction class. I don't think he knows to this day. A job that needs breadth: CIO. If you want to develop knowledge in depth, this is a good place to start: http://www.amazon.com/Elements-Computing-Systems-Building-Pr... Buy the book, download the courseware for free, and learn how computers work from NAND gates up. Implement your own OO language on the hardware you've built and write your own OS in it. Then write games for the resulting system. This will put you ahead of most coders out there. We need to stop fooling ourselves and just flat-out have masters and apprenticeship. When the system in schools and in companies works, it boils down to this anyhow. (I'm not including prodigies that you couldn't keep from learning no matter what you did. I'm talking about those talents that wouldn't flower if they didn't fall into the right circumstance to reach their full potential.) The problem with social skills, is that they're learned in a cultural/social context. For many, the desired quality and kind of context is only available in small doses (with a particular group) whose effect is diluted by the larger context which can only be corrected by moving somewhere else. I met an Irish engineer. He said that all of his classes in college had to do with engineering. If he wanted to study the Classics, the attitude was that he could just go and do that in his own time. Personally, I think this is better. If you try to legislate breadth in your students, then you end up just making a mockery of what you're trying to teach. You end up accomplishing the opposite of what you were trying to do. I spent a few years teaching Computer Science 101/102 as a TA. A whole lot of my students were in Journalism, Communications, or Criminology or some area like that and just trying to get their math requirement out of the way. My conclusion in retrospect: to most of my students, this was largely just a bureaucratic exercise. If you want true students, you need to find the students that have the interest and desire. "turned the academy to its needs" -- nay, it practically started out that way! In her case, it was an adeptness at gaming the corporate management system. After she wrote that code, she managed to put herself in a nebulous position between two groups where she was thought to be invaluable, yet all she did was to tell other people when they were doing something wrong, but never actually had to fix anything. You could often see her at the coffee shop reading a novel in the middle of the day. We really need that in Programming! From the article: "...bachelor's degree tells an employer nothing except that the applicant has a certain amount of intellectual ability and perseverance. Even a degree in a vocational major like business administration can mean anything from a solid base of knowledge to four years of barely remembered gut courses." So either the graduate is knowledgeable and the system did its job, or the graduate knows how to be a good member of a big bureaucratic organization and how to accomplish arbitrary things they're told to do. Sounds like one more level of sorting, and the schools have done the job for big companies. I think someone should start a secret society of young women enrolled in institutions of higher learning. The upperclassmen leaders of these secret societies would observe the freshmen males, searching for individuals of exceptional potential hampered by extreme awkwardness and sexual insecurity. They'd arrange to ensnare these freshmen in a series of relationships as a part of a program to groom them for leadership and to inoculate them against misogyny. Maybe they could call themselves the "Bene Gesserit?" We don't? I've been in a lot of different programming shops as a consultant, mostly in large organizations, and let me tell you -- I don't think a lot of the people out there who are programming really should be. I've had to be the hero far too many times for shops where someone didn't realize doing something was O(n^2) and doing it another way was O(n). The industry doesn't need to the government to penalize non-guild programmers to benefit from a guild. All the guild has to do is to show that it is effective in producing competent, knowledgeable programmers. I suspect that things like employment at Microsoft have filled this niche. (Sub-optimally.) An organization that is designed to fulfill this particular purpose would be much better at its function and more robust. A majority of US drivers think they are above average. I have met very few under-qualified programmers who realized it. Too many conclusions jumped to. Though guilds have had legal backing like this historically, I don't think you need that to have some form of benefit from a "programmer's guild." I think you could base it entirely on empirical results -- successful programming projects being the sole measure of value. Come to think of it, Open Source projects somewhat fill this role. Why is there so much concern over this sort of data, but not over credit cards? We surrender that information freely for a little convenience. The contents of emails and personal messages are different and should be private. But information on what we click and what we buy are the same in principle. The thing is, the market only sorts out egregious programmers. The security certification is a wonderful idea! I think that would be a great place to start. (And end, perhaps.) The test for this could be entirely empirical. An applicant could be required to place $1000 in escrow, and implement a web application on the guild's servers. They would be required to add certain features. During the test, anyone would be welcome to try and hack the website. If anyone can prove that they are successful, they get the $1000. If the features all get implemented with no hacking, then the applicant gets their money back, minus the fee. Not a joke. Do you think the amounts are too high? This thing doesn't even have to be a certification. It could be a contest.