What a sad day. I will miss his way of making facts really exciting I fully agree with all points. 1. Listen: I once read, there are three types of people. This who don't listen, those who listen to answer and those who listen to understand. I have always appreciated the latter who try to understand and don't judge. I tend to shut up with the former 2 types 2. Cherish: Science shows that people who are thankful - on a daily basis - are usually happy and thus thrive. It's not the other way around. Success is not the reason for happiness. The reverse is true 3. Commitment: I simply love to give all I have to projects. Because it's trough ownership that I really make a difference I have used vue as alternative a lot lately, and I must say it's great. Easy to learn, reactive and fast. So, the question is: What can we do as a community? Come on guys. We have probably many of the smartest people on this planet reading this shit here right now. What can we do? What could be a cool tool, solution, initiative? Ideas anybody?! All the advice in the article sounds very generic to me. Standard startup fairytale. I wonder where all the upvotes are coming from This video is disgusting, I hate it and will share it with all my friends! ;-) Wow, great comparison. It's seems as if icons make a lot of sense in places that are used constantly (like the iOS screen) Today's Mother's Day. Call your mums people https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HB3xM93rXbY PS: I have always thought that mothership should be rewarded much higher by society, e.g. through tax breaks, or even real money payout. In the end, people with no kids have an unfair advantage as they can earn more money while mums are at least contributing at the same level to society and should thus be rewarded. That's not really a lot of money compared to the risk he/she is running... Oh man. I wish back the old days where AI would be short for Advanced Industries... ;-) Great blog post, short and quick read. The whole voice and children stuff has not been worked out properly yet. I believe Mattel is working on some special child-focused device. I am like that too. I need to push myself towards creation every single day, otherwise I slip into the consumption trap (still happens once in a while). This is what helps me: - Think backwards. How many years do you have left? How many days? Time is running, we only get to live once - Stop consuming in the morning. Instead of checking emails, news etc on your smartphone, I get up and write down all the things I want to do the day. Then I start working on the top items - Enjoy traction. Once you release something you'll get hooked on the data. How many people like my post? What's the feedback I receive. When I see that there is traction, I get excited and I enjoy interacting with the community Btw: You are already contributing :) Look at the feedback here. This may be of help: https://bothsidesofthetable.com/how-do-you-motivate-yourself... That looks really great! I'll definitely use it in one of my projects. Thanks Absolutely. Look at google for instance and all the things they've stopped supporting. I find the argument also quite disturbing because this will add to the already existing monopolies of these "large companies". Germany is a highly decentralized country. Maybe go and study in one of the metropolitan areas but then return to their beloved villages far away from the maddening crowds. In fact many of these hidden champions are in the "middle of nowhere" with often sub-par logistics (e.g. no immediate Autobahn or major train connection). >For example, Facebook had an offer from Yahoo for a billion dollars, which everyone told Zuck to take. Fortunately, he said no. Had he said yes, it would have been another failed Yahoo acquisition and Facebook would not have nearly as much impact. Really? How can you know what the path of Facebook would have been with a yahoo acquisition? That's like predicting the future. Besides, what is the real "impact" of Facebook? Which impact are we talking about? To the shareholder? To society? If he refers to the latter, I can think of no way to measure the "impact". Where is the data for that story? I'm so weird. I talk to myself all day! But it really helps to structure your thoughts. However it can be quite annonying for yourself: sometimes I can't listen to myself no more and start working. and your environment: my wife complains about me being nerdy, I stop then and start focusing on a good discussion with her, which helps. I even find myself talking to myself (in my head) when I'm with my kids playing... which is not good at all, but I have the feeling I need the time to think to solve problems. ...and changes the native scroll behavior iOS (which is much slower). Google has no respect for the native behavior Thanks for pointing this out. I am looking forward to a homogeneous scrolling experience. Still, I don't understand why google's AMP team they would change scrolling behavior in iOS 10 and lower. Still up and running :) just watched his latest snap, where he'd basically confirmed the story above. "Finding yourself" is not an end goal for me. It's a journey towards using the time I have on this planet to a) have (great) impact b) doing what I'm passionate about In other words, it is the quest to "find a mission" and not just your live on a day-to-day basis. I think this is what most of us strive for, but don't have the guts to pursue, because it means taking time of your day job, reading books, talking to people etc. And even if you find your mission there is no guarantee that you'll fulfill another necessary condition: earning enough money for you and your family. I truly believe that if more of us would start a journey to "find themselves", find a mission and drive the human race forward with their skills we'd be better off. However, the opportunity cost for this approach can be quite high, which is probably the reason just a few follow their heart and instead spend 1/3 of their lifetime (8 hrs per day) working for soulless corporates with no (or prentened) mission. I like your expression "dick moves", summarizes it quite well. John Gruber started calling static mobile navigation bars as "dickbars" [1]. Maybe we should build on that and call these moves accordingly ;-) e.g. "dicktimer" [1] https://daringfireball.net/2017/06/medium_dickbars Because you have to have a supply of lactase pills always readily available on you. I often forget my pills and thus rely on lactose free products, e.g. Lactose free cappuccino... which by the way is much easier to get in Germany than in the states (for whatever reason) The keychain holder is a good idea, never thought of it. Will check it out :) I just love Legos. I spend countless hours in my childhood building whole cities in my room... I was so excited when we got our baby boy that I bought a brand new Lego police station right away, which I've stored in the basement of ourhoise. He's now 2... we'll get there. That said, I have the feeling that when I was a kid there was a bigger variety of "joinable" toy systems. Lego has gotten so big that all of them vanished by now. However, that's just ust based on my gut feeling, I don't have real data for that The single best argument for vue is that we should not support large internet monopolies. vue is so awesome even more so once you realize that it is basically driven by a single person Sure. Then the next level will start and we will have achieved a great milestone. The way I see it though is that we are quite some time away from that point. (Unfortunately) Not entirely sure, but maybe it's your last line... To discuss it? I guess? Agree 100%. Problem is though that many airline are starting to offer WiFi connectivity. I just hope that they've built shitty systems that won't work most of the time... :) Why do you think the book is good? I've read it too, but I was not impressed. a) style and story was actually quite boring from my point of view b) I believe that the systems we have in place are much more resilient than people think (my dad was an electrical engineer building grids all over the world, I got my hypotheses from him :)) Really just asking, since I'm interested why this book is so well received Well 1.2 million euros fine is nothing to Facebook. That won't stop them from anything I think it's great that we have people researching this. However, what worries me are not the results but how we are going to deal with them. As a species we have to cope with the fact that the climate is changing, we won't reverse that so easily. This is a fact. I'd rather talk about how to overcome the obstacles exposed by this study not only the mere fact that our food is changing "for the worse". Finally, I believe for many parts of the world I suppose it isn't as bad as portrait to have a higher carbohydrate share in their meals. As far as I understand the article it states that the share of carbs is increasing. That food is lacking other nutrients seems to man made as well but the underlying reason is not climate change but agricultural methods that have changed ok, makes sense. I didn't realize it was for 3 users only. I still wonder how impressed they really are... DDG is really great! I use it on all my devices since January. I've tried it before to by changing the default to DDG on my iOS devices. However, I've always switched back to google after a couple of weeks. Not this time. Every now and then when I'm not happy with the search results, I use the "g!" Shortcut to get the google results, but the occasions I'm doing this is definitely decreasing. Fully agree. Reminds me of this: https://xkcd.com/1227/ This is sooo cool!! Quite interesting read. However, I would refrain from drawing general conclusions about democracy out of this. I guess, we as a species tend to have anger problem, no matter which societal form we live in. „The exact cost to taxpayers of idling the facility is unclear, but an internal Los Alamos report estimated in 2013 that shutting down the lab where such work is conducted costs the government as much as $1.36 million a day in lost productivity.“ Homeresque Party like it‘s 99... Oh wow, that sounds like great advice. I’m a regular 3-times sneezer for no obvious reasons, often in office building. I figured it may be related to an allergic reaction to those office floor carpets (that or I’m allergic to working as such). Since my sneezing is super loud I am looking forward to trying this technique soon! Thanks for sharing I really wonder why we have such a hard time to get along with each other... I really love those Soviet white hats. Does anybody know if they served any real purpose, or was that just soviet chic? A foreign species is waiting exactly for this to happen (cloaking ship behind the moon)... they will invade and destroy us. All because you imposed your path on us ;-) Unfortunately I cannot access the article... could anyone summarize the content? Thanks I would love to see the same analysis for millionaires. A lot bigger sample size to draw conclusions on and more relevant for many people who’s goal is to become rich one day. Unsorted list of things you could do: Grow your network, read books and learn new stuff, get jobs with great sounding titles, get jobs, where you are exposed to key stakeholders in your industry, give talks, setup a „coffee date“ every other week (meet people for 30min, don’t ask for a job, just mention you’re always interested in oppurtunities to grow, they will reach out to you when something opens up). That seems to be a very interesting article. However, it’s quite long. Anybody ok with writing a short synthesis or abstract? Thanks This is very sad and sickening. I wonder where we are headed with this. I hope that these countries will somehow start treating this stream as scarce resource, but I believe western style environmentalism is quite a stretch. If the Nile collapses Europe will see refugees streams of unimaginable magnitude. Reminds me very much of Steve. I miss him Once we are gone, they’ll all come back: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/23/wildlife-returns-... > The best start-ups keep being scooped up by the big guys (see Instagram and WhatsApp, owned by Facebook) Well, I don’t know. „Scooped up“ sounds very hostile, in reality these startups were sold for a fortune. Also, the fact that you’re able to buy an innovative startup does not necessarily mean that you’ll integrate or run it successfully. Take for example google’s Nest or Motorola acquisition. Acquiring and sustaining is quite difficult. Cool. Does anybody know an app where I can exercise like in the video? I worked in a wework Office for about a year. At first I thought the environment was great, I loved the free beer and the community. However, once we moved out, I realized how much more productive we were in our own office. We had - more space - less noise, in terms of sound and visually (you see everybody passing by through the glass and have to force yourself not to look at them. For a while we had some posters up, but we had to remove them since wework’s company policy doesn’t like that) - less distractions: in the end, the community was nice, but it didn’t help us that much, since it was quite random, there were a lot events, almost every day, the place was always busy - climate service: we had so many issues with heating/cooling, either it was too hot or too cold, it never got really fixed - cost: their meeting room system is a total rip-off, even though basic rents are okish, the meeting rooms were a real cost sucker, in many months we’d pay almost as much for meeting rooms as the basic rent We liked the culture and the spirit, but we’re much happier in our own space now, we don’t pay for meeting rooms and we can meet our relevant community whenever we want, distractions went down, productivity up. I don’t know. Isn’t that a matter of trade-offs? Sure smartphones used to have a very long battery life and were more robust in the “good old days”, but they had tiny screens and real keyboards. Even though it never broke when I let it slip, I don’t miss my old blackberry. I can so do so much more with my iPhone today that I am ok with it being less sturdy. Really, only “these days”? Don’t you think it has always been like this? I’ve been to Barcelona quite often. People are nice and friendly. One time though when I was out eating dinner with a Spanish friend from Madrid something strange happened: the waiter told her she could not order in Spanish, she needed to speak Catalan, which was totally weird since we ordered in Spanish right before she ordered. But our Spanish was of course quite bad with a foreign accent, he was ok with that. We thought that was quite rude and impolite and ended up dining somewhere else. I definitely don’t know enough to judge the whole thing. However, from what I know, as a European, the secession movement bewilders me. It strangely feels very un-European. How can we unite the continent if we start separating countries? Can we not all just get along together and not care so much about the details of our passport? Which problem is independence solving? I did not intend to be disrespectful in any way. I am - as I wrote - judging this with my limited knowledge of the matter, which is probably more or less on the same level of other Europeans watching things unfold right now. Not more, not less. Thus, no, my question was absolutely not rhetorical. Happy to hear which problem their trying to solve. And which other country is doing this today? Sure, many countries change parts of their constitution from time to time, usually through a parliament. The question was however: "So every generation has to vote a new constitution?" because earlier someone was questioning the Spanish constitution since "no one under 57 has voted on it". I don’t think I follow. What is then exactly now the difference if you compare Spain with other countries? I have been thinking about that exact service for a while. One big issue is that you need the reverse engineer the pricing models of retailers, i.e. mapping out a high-dimensional space. For that you need a lot of data from the retailers . They could probably ban you quickly if you start pulling price quotes en masse. Then you need to invest a lot in cloaking techniques etc. Oh wow, so it’s far worse than I thought. So the only way is to best-guess pricing models? Oh one thing you could do: Create a huge community of users who share their purchase data and other data.and then build the model through that died so if you want to participate and save you need to be part of the panel What about blockchain technology? That would sure help, too... Thank you. For me, the weak spot of the article is the missing data for this story. I’d like to see your whitepaper! Dunno. Show him your whitepapers?! Can somebody explain why this is big news? It looks like a standard input to me. I'm genuinely asking... From an outside perspective it is interesting to see, that a place, which is accepted as the planet’s hotbed of innovation is not able to produce a solution for this pressing problem. Maybe Elon or someone else should be city below the sea. True, and unfortunately it does not render it properly, it‘s cut after 20 chars or so They‘ll be back, once we’re gone: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/23/wildlife-returns-... Thanks, you’re right. I wasn’t aware of that. The experience is rather crappy though. Cumbersome to scroll on a smartphone screen and I’d love to see to entire statement not parts of only at a time. And that’s exactly why Apple is so often so great at innovation: they make bold trade-off decisions on behalf of the users knowing the public will beat them initially, but that it’ll pay off in the long run - for everyone. Which other company does that? You mean India and Persia I suppose :-) Which big empire was not like this? Wow, this is crazy. As a huge vue.js fan I'd argue that the percentage value would be much lower with vue. But, I’m not totally sure. I still don’t understand, which problem independence it’s going to solve for Catalonian people I vividly remember when I was handed my tuition statement at a US college. All the courses added up to a absurd number for a single semester. As an European exchange student an additional line, where this absurd number was waived saved my ass. But still, I remember how shocked I was back then. I thought: How can all my class mates afford that rate for several semesters? I think it is totally absurd that one of the most advanced nations on this planet is putting such a high tax on higher education. Education in general is so crucial for a developed country like the US that I believe it should be free (at least almost free). Same here. I simply hate sites with videos and no related text content/summary. I’ve noticed that especially news sites are increasingly employing this “feature”. I assume the main reason for this is that can force you to watch the 20-30s video ad. There is no way of avoiding it other than opening a new tab and doing something else for 30s... what a waste of life time My sister told me she bought some and that she’ll buy more soon. She also told me that the price will rise and rise. I’m not sure what to say, I’m totally stunned. But I guess that is an interesting signal showing that the pool of people who could potentially buy more and thus drive the price is tremendously big. > Lesson Ten: Mathematics is still the queen of the sciences. > When an undergraduate asks me whether he or she should major in mathematics rather than in another field that I will simply call X, my answer is the following: "If you major in mathematics, you can switch to X anytime you want to, but not the other way around." You can argue that with Physics as well. However, I have learned in my life, that there is a value in not having the option to "go back". Flexibility comes at a price. I wonder how we are going to react, when computers start acting as irrational as we do: “Nah, today’s not my day, I don’t want to do the calculation. Maybe tomorrow...”. Oh well... Oh good ol times... :wq > since the quality of hungarian education is getting worse and worse, thanks to the "reforms", which basically means they are spending less and less on education on all level I always wondered what good metrics are to measure the quality of education. Since you say “worse and worse” can you share any insight to that? I mean you could potentially refer to the OECD world rankings but somehow I don’t trust those lists, since they “feel” quite mechanistic. > A: We used a popular 3D printer. Nose was made by a handmade artist. We use 2D printing for other parts (similar to how we tricked Face Recognition 9 years ago). The skin was also hand-made to trick Apple's AI. > Q: What's the approximate cost of the mask? > A: ~ 150 USD Taken together, the second answer cannot be true. Only if the cost stated is related to material cost only, which is is only one input factor to assess the total cost of this approach Human labor cost for example, but apart from that: how many masks were used to trick Face ID? I would assume it was not prototype number 1 that did the trick Cost do matter for their claim, because given an indefinite budget every security measure can be broken. Maybe you are right. But, let’s not panic about this though. I believe this will be just a temporary hike and pushes Germany towards renewable energy sources even stronger. This list is so Silicon Valley cliche. I wish they started addressing the real problems of this planet, like overpopulation, climate change, droughts, you name it. But hey, why not help dogs talk I’ll bet there is a technology angle to this. Maybe blockchain could help here, too? Apart from the privacy issues: my niece got a “smartwatch” recently at the age of 5 with many games installed on it. She was instantly addicted to it. After she was nearly ran over by a car because she looked at the thing instead of left/right at a street her parents got rid of that thing. They said it was straight out of hell... I guess that’s a real Gretchen question... Reminds me of the smart home, which I’m still waiting for That’s exactly what I think You mean like google, facebook and amazon? I regularly forget how Bayes works. Everytime that happens I browse up to that page: https://www.bayestheorem.net/ I love the way it’s explained there. Could you explain the part that is on-topic? Uninhabitable? Maybe for humans. Wildlife grows back stronger: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/23/wildlife-returns-... Love it! But, in many countries regulation/ warranty might kill such an idea. True. The big difference between Apple and google is that Apple sells you pricey hardware, that just works. In the case of google they sell you. Thus, but Business Model alone you should not trust google if you care about privacy. It doesn’t make sense for them to stop collecting data points about you. Previous discussion on this topic: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15571627 What's your hypothesis on why they collect so much data on people? I’ve worked in many large companies, and I have never seen one using SAP or other large tools as single sources. It always has been excel. From my experience due to 3 reasons - excel is much more flexible, I can add a column, delete those I don’t want etc - speed: many of those large corporate systems are just damn slow, maybe because of stupid configurations, but still often very slow an annoying - analysis: It's easy to do some basic analysis without studying CS In the last years, I have noticed that I don’t start things because it’s much easier to hang out online like on this site. For example, I have told myself to read books. But everytime I have the time to do that, I start hanging out online. There, I still read a lot, but it’s much more fragmented and I kinda feel “drained” afterwards. I feel a lot more energized after reading a book, but somehow it’s not enough to get me started. Shame So true... Maybe a budget would work? Similar to a blocker app like 1Blocker but that works on budgets, e.g. 30min web surfing per day Great! Sounds like the modern way of living in a cabin in the woods. I think it is impractical though unless you live by yourself Oh wow. I didn’t know the answer to hatred was hatred... Miller’s law says that people can remember 7+/-2 things at a time. I think that’s why people usually like structured lists much better than a unstructured, unsorted laundry list. My thinking is this: bitcoin and other digital currencies are becoming more and more “popular” (literally). More and more “ordinary” people start investing, the barriers of participation are coming down. As long as there is a large enough pool of people willing to join the party, prices will continue to rise. The question is when to pull out. I always get nervous when cab drivers start giving me free stock advice. Hasn’t happened yet with coins. So: way to go! There you go! How many of them have an account yet? Sounds like a problem of the US. It’s not (yet) like that in Europe. We spend a lot of time outside with kids not matter how bad the weather is. I upvoted this because it’s nicely bizarre I think it’s quite dangerous to rely on such simple logic. Great ideas are not worthless and it’s not only execution that matters. The most amazing change in relationships happened between France and Germany. After having fought against each other for centuries they have developed a very close partnership. Germans love French culture/wine/food, French people admire Germany’s economic success. PS: yes I know, all anecdotal Is amazon trying to hit Apple hard? This is the second critical article about Apple on the same day. Where are the articles about amazon‘s practices? Is a sarcastic way of framing this then: he is taking from the Chinese and giving it to the blind? In the article there is a list of counties affected (measured by highest average deduction for state and local deductions). Top of the list is New York, rank 2-4 are Californian counties. So your hunch is right. Well, look at Germany. 4 weeks of holidays required by law, additionally 10-15 days of public holidays, and 35-40h work weeks. Productive as hell What is a realistic timeframe when mankind will set foot on Europa (if ever). 2200? Is there any way to predict? I’d love to visit, ain’t gonna happen I guess :/ Could anyone summarize this article? I can’t access it. Thanks It is wrong to start a sentence with “but”! It is wrong to start a sentence with “and”! It is wrong to end a sentence with a preposition! It is wrong to split an infinitive! Love it! Yes, this is exactly what the article says. In many countries, children under the age of 1 get supplements, but not after You probably don’t exist, you only think you do. That’s what you think. There is a great book called “Constructing Quarks”. Have a look Even though it claims to be critical, it is not that critical. I almost felt that I’m reading an advertisement for an amazon product I’m sure it is a normal human reaction, by my first thought was: can I eat this thing? Embarrassing In Europe there is suitsupply. They have a very different approach to in store experience even though they started as online only store. They greet you with their first name, ask some personal questions (not creepy though), and try to find out what you really need. I always feel quite welcomed there. I can totally understand that, I often feel the same way. I think it makes a huge difference how and when you are approached. That’s when a real good salesperson will show their skill. This is smart...or maybe not. Has anybody done the calculation here? I am very curious to know into how much $s the 10s translate to To my experience this is not specific to the car industry only. Many large business try to “ask customers what they want”, because “it’s all about the customer”. And while I agree that many large enterprises have ignored customers for all a long time, this new mantra is the right way either. I believe a product needs to be designed deliberately to fulfill certain customer needs/desires. The word design contains the element of making choices on behalf of the customer, seldom by customers . I think has been very successful with this approach, even though some of their tradeoff decisions haven’t been so popular, but needless to say that their products are very successful. Question is which customers are we talking about. Those who could afford a horse would have been happier yes, but I think Ford tapped into a whole new market It really depends on what people could potentially do with my data. Maybe I’m too naive right now, but what’s the worst case? (Assuming we’re talking about corporates. I don’t think it’s reasonable to suspect it’ll be possible to pay governments to keep data private) Could someone explain in laymen terms what happened and what that means? As someone who doesn't live in the States, I can't follow the article. It's strangely abstract. What are the controversial ideas he is discussing in China but not in the States? Did I miss those examples in the text? I think that would help a lot to understand problem. Somehow I think it's not ok to post pictures of your children on Facebook. Maybe, in hindsight, they don't want that once they're grown-ups. Then again, maybe that's just me thinking that That's exactly what I am hearing from my friends at amazon here in Europe. So far, however, it had no significant effect on the performance I wonder what the effect of neonicotinoids on humans is... it can’t be good This time, at least, he lists some specific examples of topics he thinks others don't want discussed. An improvement over the last post I’m starting to think that amazon might be in trouble, because of A. Fake reviews, see above B. Fake products [1] C. A growing organization, which will be slower and less like on “day 1” [2] So far, all of this has not affected their top line, but maybe will change soon. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12743316 [2] https://www.geekwire.com/2017/amazon-soars-340k-employees-ad... Great stuff, too bad it doesn’t work on the iPad :-( I love this thing. I feel like the whole family is eating healthier since we have it. My favorite food is Risotto, which comes out really great. Has anyone a very good resource for some other great recipes? I cannot access the article. Has anybody an alternative link? Or a summary? Thx My feeling: The author does not understand the human psyche well enough. People don’t buy coke because of the taste only. They buy coke because the way they feel, whenever they drink coke. A branded coke gives a whole different feeling than a generic one, which depends on several factors like brand image, price, peers, etc. Works even with pain drugs. See “Predictably Irrational” by Dan Ariely for several examples of this effect. Because it’s a lie people tell themselves to get a good feeling, at least 2-3x a day (the author 6x). You are immune to the lie :-) you gotta have a different lie to feel good. BTW: I didn’t come up with the stuff. A splendid book about that topic is “All marketers are liars” by Seth Godin Oh you mean along the lines of World = US empire I am not sure why, but it reminded me of something that happened to another small European country a while back: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyramid_schemes_in_Albania Well, what a clever man Has anyone thought about this in terms of a hype cycle [1]? Basically, the theory says that any new technology will be hyped at first and then falls into a state of disillusionment, where all the hopes of the first phase are shattered. Finally, when integration barriers etc are resolved the technology picks up. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hype_cycle It very much depends on how you define a startup What’s the ultimate value of growth anyway? If a startup is VC backed, then growth is the pathway for investors to get rich. If growth is a way to have a sustainable competive advantage of that’s a value too. However there are also enough small companies with a sustainable competitive advantage. Depends very much on your positioning etc I’d be cautious with that kind of advice. Rapport is established over time. Even if you make a terrible first impression you can make up for that during a course of an interview (for example). I wonder for a long time now: what are underlying factors for societies to be less corrupt than others? How come that many western states fare better than other countries? It’s gotta be related to what’s mentioned in the article: people valuing a larger-scale cooperation higher than a smaller-scale/immediate one. By why? Ideas/hints anyone? I agree and see the same in my circle. Luckily, I’m just a “half-addict” on Netflix, I have the ascribed compulsion only if the series is really good. I stop the semi-good ones. What’s getting worse by the day is HN, however. I don’t know why I’m even writing this right now, when I’m supposed to be with my loved ones in the living room... I must say that I have never experienced this effect. We own many furniture items from IKEA but I’d sell them (and have sold) on the spot. For me, the effect is somehow even reversed: I try to avoid IKEA as hard as I can because I feel assembling the items is not the worth the time. Well, I guess something similar like a "land reform" would be of help https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Land_reform I remember to have read that they shut down the G maps because Google expected them to force users to sign in for the full experience (eg turn-by-turn navigation, which at that time was only featured on android). That was the point at which Apple had to walk away from the deal Regarding your childcare example: while in theory interesting, it is not a good real world example, I definitely don’t think “the same amount of work is done” - we need to transfer to our locations, this will cost money and time - who takes care of the children in the meantime? - watching someone else’s kids is quite a task, if they’re not yours chances are very high it won’t be smooth So, chances are quite high that the amount of work will be quite different than watching your own kids This one has already more upvotes As a side note: I find it amazing how many private pictures the author is sharing on his public Flickr album, which is linked on the website. The number of searches has increased quite a bit from 2016 to 2017 https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/national-media-release/cbp-rele... I was skeptical at first as well, but your own stats show a different picture: the site gets a lot of views, which correlates with the upvotes. No comments is probably due to the fact that people use upvoting as a mechanism to save links to material (which might be of use later) That’s almost exactly what I think whenever people say: “Facebook has created so much value” (which is of course true if you look at the financial side of things). Sad but true That's just what you've achieved :-) Probably not the way you intended it, though I’m somehow skeptical whenever I see a CEO holding a pen on a glass wall with random math formulas on it Pigeons and humans share are more similar to each other as you’d think. Facebook has built its like button such that it resembles a famous experiment done with pigeons in 1971. (Yes it sounds awkward and it kinda is) http://alter-agency.com/2017/03/23/addicted-to-likes/ I find it interesting to observe that Apple - THE product company - works in project mode. Apple is mainly organized by function. Presumably to avoid product silos This is what I assume reading articles like [1]. Obviously, there is no direct product P&L responsibility [1] https://stratechery.com/2016/apples-organizational-crossroad... Oh dear HackerNews, how dearly I love thou, but how many hours of me life has ye taken already? I’d rather not know If I get asked this question, I always stop intentionally as if I’ve never been asked this before, look out of the window (if there is one), then look back at the interviewer and say - with lots of pathos: well, I guess I’m too much of a perfectionist I had one guy who was serious about this and I learned a lot through that: he sincerely asked this, but differently: “What are the things you are working on to be better at?” At first, I was kinda startled and couldn’t answer really, tried to bullshit him like the answer I gave above. He called it though and said that he is disappointed by such an answer and that he’d expect everybody to work on 2-3 things. Otherwise, he concluded, there is a lack of introspection to be assumed. Fair point, I thought I wish we’d stopped discussing the effects and started discussing potential mitigation measures My mother lost one of her siblings (a small boy of 4) 65 years ago. She still talks about it and becomes very sad. I think life was just much much crueler and a lot lot worse than it is today. Google owns a browser . They should be able to measure average load times for every page on this planet from almost any location (Of course User permission must be granted, but shouldn’t that be feasible?) funny reaction: https://mobile.twitter.com/Crawfordtx/status/951659140786552... Interesting. What might happen? There you again: it is useful to have a testing environment. https://nwschat.weather.gov/p.php?pid=201801131825-PHFO-NOHW... :-) I must say though, that for a non-native English speaker, Aussie sounds indeed much more British than American. Side question. I’ve been always wondering: how has the American accent evolved? Where does it come from? Is there any region in Britain that sounds American? Or did just evolve independently as a mix of British and something else? And: since when is it that different? Did Lincoln had an American accent?! Is there any fast alternative? yes sure, I get that. But: I am looking for an alternative, that you can't "mess around" with, the one, that can't be configured to death. I guess "medium" is an obvious choice if you are looking for a log only, but I have no idea how fast their site really is Any infrastructure project. Always. Wherever. Here’s the link to the official “Day 0” page: http://coct.co/water-dashboard/ I always wondered why you can buy a lot of H2O filled fruits like grapes from South Africa in Europa. They must have some enourmous amounts of water if they can export it. Maybe the price of water isn’t high enough yet or can’t be paid? My point is: if there’s a case to fly water (in form of grapes) to Europe, why would they not move water from one place in SA to another? Well that depends on the use case, right? People do use Medium for blogging, you don’t need WP to setup a blog these days From the article: - Venezuela leads unsurprisingly with 89 per 100,000 - Chile has the lowest number, 3.3 per 100,000 Compare that to - Germany: 0.3 - US: 4.9 Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_intention... What a sad story. I’ve been thinking about quitting amazon because of these people. However, it’s just so convenient that I find myself still ordering stuff there. Maybe, I should reconsider. True point. But then again, we as consumers demand everything to become cheaper and cheaper so that we can buy more stuff we probably don’t need. You could argue that he’s just fulfilling our desire within current labor laws. That depends on your job Same here. I’m also worried that a lot of people around the globe will lose their hard earned savings. Think about, it’s the first time in human history that a Ponzi scheme can go global thanks to modern communication tools and low barriers to participate. Most coins/ICOs are currently selling a dream. Nothing more Great photos, I’m so glad that they weren’t posted on Instagram... Nice round-up at the bottom of the page: In the end, the Boneyard gets us all. Good catch. I’m not familiar with the original Ponzi scheme, but as far as I know Madoff was targeting rich people. The crypto scheme has reached the gambling masses at scale Meanwhile, earthers get crazy mining crypto currencies... I’m sure some idiot will come up with a plan to monetize this through an ICO. Taking bets on this starting now Great point. Reminds of a very good book. If you haven’t read “Good strategy, bad strategy” by R. rumpelt, you definitely should: Out of the myriad shifts and adjustments that occur each year, some are clues to the presence of a substantial wave of change and, once assembled into a pattern, point to the fundamental forces at work. The evidence lies in plain sight, waiting for you to read its deeper meanings. I think of it in terms of: do customers already know that they want/need it - alternativly phrased - does is it solve a current customer need/painpoint? Taking that into account, google is indeed rather a red ocean idea. Whereas, the iPhone was a Blue Ocean product. The original iPhone was a bad phone to make calls with, it didn’t know MMS and no App Store. Many would prefer a Blackberry back then for serious stuff. But, is was magical enough to create a new market through its appeal. That’s why they announce the coin right before the pump I think everything we eat and breathe is somewhat carcinogenic. The question is where to draw the line. As far as I’m concerned I’m happy to give 1 month of my life (assuming that’s the time span associated with coffee and cancer on average ) for the joy of drinking coffee everyday. Life should not only be longlasting, but also joyful This was already discussed yesterday TL;DR doing 3x 10min brisk walks every day is (a) easier and (b) healthier than aiming for 10k steps each day Rob then split them into two groups. One was asked to hit the 10,000-step target - around five miles - in a day, while the other group was asked to do three sessions of "Active 10" - which adds up to around 1.5 miles - more like 3,000 steps. [..] The Active 10 group actually did 30% more 'moderate to vigorous physical activity' than the 10,000-step group, even though they moved for less time How many of these do you do every day? How long? Ticks are widespread in Central Europe, but if you are cautious things are usually safe: wear long pants if you are in the woods, especially in summertime. No Flip flops. After you come home, check your entire body for ticks, it takes up to 24h to get Lyme. Have a tick card on you all the time, one like this: https://www.amazon.de/Zeckenkarte-mit-Lupe-Kurzbeschreibung-... That’s sounds really great. Do you mind sharing your work out plan in more detail? I have tried some of the 7min apps, but I’m not satisfied with the exercises. I’m not a google fan, but can you name one free service that is par? I think many people would en pay if there was an alternative Thank you What’s your suggestion then? I think this time, really, Apple is doomed. Trust me. This is the end. 20.1 bn USD sounds like a very spelled out number to me BTW: the total number of shares is well known This has been discussed a while ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5387052 I totally agree, I also noticed that this element was missing. A think, a crucial first step would be to stop population growth. This is very intrusive in people’s lives and hard to control as measure, but more than necessary. The footprint of a human being needs to be sustained by its local environment. Global effects are not helping, but in the end this problem requires a local solution. Do have source for that on a country level? I still don’t understand the relevance of your argument. No numbers are given on that page for India. Contrast that with this page, and you’ll see that India will increase its population quite significantly until 2030. How can you not see that this is a major problem? Just because Japan is ageging India won’t be saved. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Projections_of_population_grow... This might be the beginning of the “Trough of Disillusionment” for Voice https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hype_cycle This is truly disgusting. (Sorry.) I am starting to think that Hans Rosling did some real harm. People confuse a global trend with a local one. In a World with borders, local overpopulation will lead to catastrophes, where millions could be affected. I really like stratechery, but I don’t get this post. Example Instead, I think the order goes like this: Customer owns an iPhone Customer subscribes to Apple Music because it is installed by default on their iPhone As an Apple Music subscriber, customer only has one choice in smart speakers: HomePod (and to make the decision to spend more money palatable, Apple pushes sound quality), from which Apple makes a profit Well, I don’t know. Maybe it’s just: Let’s make exceptionally good products that people love I agree, Apple is doomed. They always have been I have read somewhere, that Apple has a prioritized list of products to build, which they update yearly at their top 100 (?) leaders’ workshop. Maybe someone from Apple reading this could comment :-) Thanks for sharing. This is insane. CSS is probably the language that I’ve been using for a long time without exactly knowing how these things like float exactly work. Instead, I’ve often used a copy and paste or test and browse approach to get layouts I wanted. This is interesting. Maybe one of the few things Europe contributes/exports (in tech) Ah you’re right, the stupid bar that is hunting us all... forgive me The world needs more hackers, and the world definitely needs more car hackers. Vehicle technology is trending toward more complexity and more connectivity. Combined, these trends will require a greater focus on automotive security and more talented individuals to provide this focus. Looking at recent “terror attacks”, where cars/trucks were used: it is plausible to think that terrorists could pull an organized attack using a coordinated fleet of hacked cars/trucks. Kind of scary... Americans are increasingly buying experiences instead of things. That’s great Life is today, tomorrow never come This is ridiculous. What reason did they give? Siri can be turned off on iPhones. I don’t see how buying a phone gets you in the same situation as buying a device that has a voice-only interface. That is of course correct from a technical perspective, but not from a trust perspective. I can’t remember that Apple has done anything like that on purpose. Sure, devs get wild, people hack, but I’d never expect them to do this systematically . With amazon, I’m not so sure. But maybe that’s just me Good idea, regarding this incident (discussed yesterday here, too) https://mobile.twitter.com/YuanfenYang/status/96200225940708... I feel this comment is very generalizing. I’m not so sure if Americans are “risk-averse”. There needs to be a balance between risk and reward. I live in a part of Europe, where ticks are widespread. Of course you could go into the woods with short pants in summer time, but I don’t. Oh, BTW: American tourists do... Regarding the specific risk, this was discussed here last week: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16320964 No, the pro is that is not supported by one of tech giants with infinite resources for the sole reason “to have larger footprint on the web”, basically to increase their spying capabilities across the web. Instead, vue was built by one guy, and it’s en par if not even better than react/angular. You’re right I should have called it “data collection approach to create a strategic advantage” Ok, I realized, that I’ve used the wrong words. I’m sorry for that. What I meant: I believe big corporations like FB and Google do open source for a reason. A strategic reason. There are two that come to mind: (a) being able to push standards (like MS tried with IE). (b) usually these libraries are loaded from the respective companies’. It is possible that the loading data is then used to augment other data they have. In the end, both companies’ business models is based on data, only. Compare that with vue. Don’t forget the topic of revenue recognition in SaaS. Basically, you need to allocate your revenues per month if you accept yearly payments. Also, you need to consider up/cross-sells and cancellations, that drive up complexity. I have seen SaaS companies using excel for this... Do they also do revenue recognition for you? I think this is so great! I feel like we’ve lost many “sub-cultures” like the Punks etc. Today, everybody seems to become a hipster with a beard and a lumberjack shirt. So I’m really grateful, that these kind of communities still exist outside of the uniform world we live in. Also: I don’t think “bizzare” is a good word to describe the community. “Special” would have been much better. Awesome! Thx Interesting. Wouldn’t you say, that “special” has a (slightly) positive connotation? Instant payments, aka “instant SEPA” will be available soon also in the EU https://www.europeanpaymentscouncil.eu/what-we-do/sepa-insta... I think the whole of concept of “brand advertising” is fundamentally flawed. A brand is a set of values that is delivered consistently and repeatedly. You can’t build a brand by showing pictures of happy people (or whatever else) with a nice copy. People just don’t care and won’t listen. PS: I’m not referring to actionable ads, but mere advertising to boost brand awareness etc This comment is quite judgmental. I’m wondering how it’s the top comment Well, I’m not sure. I’m driving it once a week and usually I overtake most cars going 20 km/h above the limit, even those that have passed me before with 200 km/h Interesting concept. But what if you start building from scratch? A bit unrelated, but since, Bron, you are obviously reading this: I love your blog, the only thing that drives me crazy: I can’t see the scroll bar in your blog posts on my mobile. I guess it’s because it’s rendered in white. Scroll bars, however, are great to have an indication how much of a page I’ve read already, like a download bar. Not having it drives me nuts :-) Safari Isn't every company becoming a tech company? This is really great! Thanks for the link. I think you should post it to HN Oh wow. Thanks for looking into it. Sounds nasty... good luck I get the feeling that many of those who comment didn’t read the article. It says > Note: What I describe below applies to APFS sparse disk images only — ordinary APFS volumes (e.g. your SSD startup disk) are not affected by this problem. While the underlying problem here is very serious, this is not likely to be a widespread problem, and will be most applicable to a small subset of backups. > Here’s how Kirste made sense of the results. She knew that “environmental enrichment,” like the introduction of toys or fellow mice, encouraged the development of neurons because they challenged the brains of mice. Perhaps the total absence of sound may have been so artificial, she reasoned—so alarming, even—that it prompted a higher level of sensitivity or alertness in the mice. Neurogenesis could be an adaptive response to uncanny quiet. Just a word of caution: Experiments that work in mice don’t necessarily work in humans [1]. These findings are very preliminary, although interesting. [1] http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/crux/2016/11/01/the-troubl... A comment aside: I just hate, that roughly 20% of the screen on top is taken by the header bar, and that there is constantly a “Open in App” icon on the bottom floating around. That’s really not a nice reading experience on a mobile device I’m sure a combination of advanced AI and Blockchain technology with a voice interface will solve this puzzle Actually, I’m pretty happy with the integrated iOS password manager. They also feature app support now. Works like a charm for me Oh that’s a very different thing. You’re comparing a one-off job with a job where two parties have decided to share a decent amount of their life time together. That’s a whole different story, more like you’re consulting with your au pair on the children’s room paint color An au pair usually lives in your home and takes care of the children for 6-8 hours a day, for 6-12 months. Are you suggesting she shouldn’t have a voice? I just love L&L :-) I’ve been saying for years: Sugar is Evil I often feel very “energy depleted” after eating sugar. Yes, you get the initial push, but that is followed by a drag and mood deterioration, which I can only fight by getting something salty or simply waiting it out Wait, so we we invent some great drugs for very specific use cases, prescribe them to the masses, just to find out that we created an epidemic and, then, instead of going back to prescribing it only rarely, invent a new drug against the abuse!? I don’t get it What’s your hypothesis that this is not happening elsewhere then? Let’s say in Germany. Free trade there as well... I wonder if the machine will tell me accurately if I’d like to hang out with the candidate after work for a beer or two. I’m not sure about that My favorite part of the article: After half an hour of this, my inquiries really did start to fall apart, so I didn't expect much when I resorted to asking, in so many words, whether he thinks consciously about innovation. ''No,'' he said, peevishly. ''We consciously think about making great products. We don't think, 'Let's be innovative!''' He waved his hands for effect. '''Let's take a class! Here are the five rules of innovation, let's put them up all over the company!''' Well, I said defensively, there are people who do just that. ''Of course they do.'' I felt his annoyance shift elsewhere. ''And it's like . . . somebody who's not cool trying to be cool. It's painful to watch. You know what I mean?'' He looked at me for a while, and I started to think he was trying to tell me something. Then he said, ''It's like . . . watching Michael Dell try to dance.'' The P.R. minder guffawed. ''Painful,'' Jobs summarized. > At a fraction of the cost That’s exactly the problem. Brands can be held accountable. Unbranded goods can’t. Me personally, I don’t want to live in a world, where all standards are given up just to have the lowest price. Thanks! That makes sense. But still: I’m talking about how to communicate when you are off. Instead of saying “I’m on PTO” people could say “I’m sick.” But they don’t. Thus Information is lost, which could be useful depending on the context I believe to know, what might make me live longer, my body often tells me: sleep more, eat less, avoid too much meat, fat and sugar, don’t drink etc. Many times, I catch myself thinking though: do I really wanna miss out on a great moment/feeling just to live a couple of years longer with a broken body and/or mind? I can enjoy now. Who knows if I can then. I couldn’t agree more. Long term thinking is exactly what I do You’re right, Apple is doomed. Again. They always have been I do agree again. It’s easier and it compensates for other things, e.g. a stressful day at work. I do admit, though, that I am trying to restrain myself. Eg I don't buy any sweet, if you don’t have them at home you can’t be tempted. I am trying to do intermittent fasting from time to time. Alas, I’m not perfect and indulge more often than restrain. The number of searches has increased quite a bit from 2016 to 2017 https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/national-media-release/cbp-rele... Spotify’s offline mode in the app is already quite crappy. I get so frustrated everytime I get the “you are not connected to the internet” (or similar) message. Well, if the app can detect that, why does it not automatically fallback into offline mode? That’s exactly what I want, eg when I’m sitting on a plane with no reception. I don’t get it Be aware that these guys rarely read their email themselves. They have a dedicated team that handles all these requests, usually on their own. (I’m not an executive, but I have good insights) Seth Godin has a great podcast called akimbo. In this last episodes he gives exactly the same advice: just write. He references Isaac Asimov, who managed to publish 400 books back when self-publishing was not available. Why do you care what other people tell you’ve become? Just a nice story people try to tell you. Taking risks depends on your life situation. Young graduates going into startups don’t take a risk. A guy who’s made millions going into a new startup is not taking a risk. Best of all: most successful entrepreneurs didn’t ever take a huge risk, but rather go step by step, even if they tell the story differently in hindsight. If you don’t believe that, watch this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5HZW4NqZ-E I don't like Slack not because it is slick and nice, but because it breaks my productivity. People think they're more productive, but they're not. They just chat. The great thing about email is that it is asynchronous. No I agree it’s not. But, my experience from many years is: people want leadership that is confident, which way to go. Event though, it might not be the right (I wonder if there is ever a right way, because as you correctly say, the world is utterly complex) Maybe. But then again it is really difficult to change human nature Maybe it’s time for a paradigm shift in particle physics as Thomas S Kuhn once predicted https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Structure_of_Scientific_Re... People think that this is a bug. But it’s not. The way it is rendered helps actually people to read the message faster. This was proven in studies. You mean like back in the days when Apple Maps was released? Or when we had Antennagate? CNN says she was walking her bike when she was hit This is also something that I find very impressive. Everywhere you look, the same thought comes up. All these buildings in the city have been built by someone sometime with so much effort. Then again, I think: maybe not so surprising after all if you consider that 100bn humans have ever lived. That’s a lot of man-hours available there That’s probably a very good reason to fall back to WhatsApp or whatever else for things I don’t want my employer to read. I drive an VW with a pedestrian emergency brake system that is made for these situations. I wonder if it would have worked That’s generally a bad signal, whenever in-industry VCs stay out of a business and outside-industry VCs go in. Bad signal What does that mean? This is funny. I did my master thesis back in 2003 using "genetic" algorithms. Maybe I should try to get funding for an AI startup In that sense, isn’t all of life somehow “heat loss”? We use Jekyll and it’s just awesome. I find it difficult to draw a line. Is it meaningful to build smartphones? ”Privacy means, people know what they’re signing up for, in plain English, and, repeatedly “ I’ve been able to reduce my time on news websites dramatically by developing the habit of opening the kindle app instead. Now I (mostly) continue to read my books instead of reading nonsense. Interesting indeed. I wouldn’t say he’s like Buffet though. I think he’s more like Richard Branson. Rain coming down over London is really strange and noteworthy. Facebook is to me a clear case, where missing company values created a huge mess. What are the core values/core beliefs of Facebook? I firmly believe that other than anything else a set of core values determines the long term fate of companies. Of course, it’s not enough to merely have a set of beliefs that you’ve put up nicely on the wall, but, rather, top management must speak and act according to these principles. That is a goal, not a principle to operate by. An no, this is not just semantics. I learned a lot about landing pages through Justin Jackson. See for example his videos on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roMpTWmhD6k I stopped drinking coffee a month ago due to some minor circulation problems. I do miss the taste and still get tempted from time to time, but I have to say that I’ve never felt more awake It does sound very much like good old waterfall, doesn’t it. So you would assume that the product must fail without proper market testing. But then again, Apple is never testing before releasing a product, so I don’t know. It could still if they have some product geniuses working for them ICOs seem to be an even better route nowadays There is a big difference: European growth numbers have been as high as today‘s in Africa Thank you for helping me not to click the link. Oh I hate these so much. I think it’s definitely not the same. I often buy kindle books with the audible bundle included. The I listen to the books while I’m commuting. I often go back though and actually the chapters without the audio. I am always surprised how much new things I find even though I “read” the chapter already. Adding a German perspective: this might be one factor among many. Other factors include - land owners who wait to sell at even higher prices - drastically reduced social housing construction (Sozialer Wohnbau) - heavy influx of foreign capital (at least in major cities) reducing existing capacities - missing holistic development concepts/strategies (one big exception is probably the Bahnstadt in Heidelberg) - on average, low building height in city centers The whole topic just hasn’t been a top priority lately and we’re moving way too slow to change that This is unbelievable. How can you advertise your hospital after such a tragedy? Yours is not so funny... That’s a conundrum, because “German scientists harvest their first indoor salad” would have never made to the top list on HN. I remember the low-altitude flyovers in West Germany too well. It was as if you’d live in a war zone (or I guess more like as of you’d live close to a war zone). Hell yeah. I wish I’ll be that persistent when I get old. But then again, relaxing and traveling the world might be nice, too. Well, we’ll see Yeah same with NetFlix. To be honest though: I don’t get it (I’ve read the Gruber piece btw). The reason, I don’t get it: now with all the thumbs up and down, how am I as a customer supposed to make an informed decision? Before, Netflix would suggest shows and I had a very strong (crowd based) filter mechanism I could rely on. Now they take your feedback and feed their machine and you have to trust them whenever choosing new stuff. It hasn’t improved my experience yet. I start watching stuff and then quit frustrated after a short time. Maybe. But I don’t think it helps. The only difference now is that you have to invest your own time to realize that a show is not worth watching. One core element how I measure the performance of my managers is how they maximize the output of their teams. That’s obviously good for two reasons. First, we will reach our goal faster and second everybody is more happy, because everyone is dreadful when they’re unproductive Always use a credit card as payment method. At least, it has an expiration date, which will force you into rethinking your subscription Now I hate them too. I hate companies with no decency and values. There needs to be a new movement like the eco or fair trade stuff, where you know that the owners get a fair deal. I’m sure there is a market for that What about Apple? I agree with your observation. It is difficult to find problems worth solving. I thought and read about this a lot. And I think solving problems is just one way , one flavor of deciding which thing to build. I’d say this is the Silicon Valley school of thought, very much influenced by VCs. There is a another way, which I have picked up from Seth Godin: Tell the right story. People don’t always know why they buy things. Why do I need a smart watch? Why do I need fancy shoes? They don’t solve a real problem. But, they make me feel good. Because I can tell a story to myself. A think this blend of deciding what to do is more art than rational, that’s what it’s maybe not that popular. But if you start to look around, you will notice the story of stuff people buy. Well, yeah, fine. But that analogy is so generic, that every product is a shovel. BMW sells shovels, Apple sells shovels, IKEA sells shovels. In your worldview all of life is just a gold rush. I'm not sure if I find that analogy useful. In Germany, many people don’t need to file taxes, as they’re deducted anyways. But you can and it usually saves you some money. If you do though, it’s about as complex as in the states, the only difference being that there is only one form you’d need to fill and not 2-3 (federal, state, city) Is that true though? a) who are advertisers targeting and why? If it’s people who can’t afford the service why are they then targeting them? Only people who have excess money are worth targeting. So there is a choice for most people. b) take the example of Facebook. 1.5 bn daily users generate 9 bn $ in revenue, that’s 6 $ per year and active user, so 50c a month, not 5$/mo a) of course. I’m questioning your assumption that people don’t have choice. If people have a choice to choose between coke and Pepsi or water they should be able to choose between data and money b) There is no way to tell. Maybe 80% would pay 50c a month. I’d say there is some middle ground between 100%/0$ and your assumption of 10%/5$. I think you might be underestimating the lower Y%. As someone else has pointed out, education won’t help if the platform is abusing the data. The difference is that physical material need to be transported. I don’t think you can move warehouse overseas to save capital Leather production comes at a very high cost to the environment. So I welcome any real alternative (assuming it is significantly less dirty). https://undark.org/article/leather-tanning-bangladesh-india/ I had a friend in school whose father would work at a local chemical plant. He used to say: “Did you know that red as a color isn’t stable? Just look at all the old red cars, they are so pale”. I’m ashamed to say, that I thought that was total BS. Now, years later, I know better and will remember this every time I see an old red car. You should too. PS: I think I’ll call him up tomorrow It’s sad that nowadays every second needs to be productive. The main benefit is to have a nice, focused time (device-free) with your kid. I wonder if that changes now again back to better values. Crazy I think this is neither funny nor insightful. Maybe something on the level of Tesla’s April’s Fool prank. But April 1st was 3 weeks ago A bit off-topic: I’ve visited HK once and it was really a great experience. I’d love to go back. Also, I accidentally find a great tailor (“Lapel”) that produced perfect shirts within 24h. Has anybody an idea how I could source those shirts from Europe? They’ve been very unresponsive with email and phone, it seems all so complex. Are there people who run back and forth Europe and are willing to do provide some sort of errand service? I wonder that too. But it seems she has gift: telling tech stuff as story that resonates with the HN crowd. My basic conclusion about this topic is this: There are many young entrepreneurs because the "risk" of founding is so low at a young age. If you "waste" 3-5 years you don't have to worry too much about your broader future. However, if you are 35+ AND have children, then you can't take that risk so easily anymore. The topic is almost esoteric, in a sense that they are "true believers" on both sides that always have the next argument ready why the other side can't be right. My conclusion is: the whole thing is a classic bet. If house prices develop really well, you are better off, if not you might be better off renting (assuming you are comparing same lifestyles). That's like forecasting the stock market. Can you share any interesting links on that topic? I am interested to see how I could use this myself. It makes me sooo sad that (whoever) introduced this stupid light speed limit so we can’t visit those places. Ever. Maybe in the next reality. Yeah... true. Space, Time and matter are quite nice I guess it’s all about making hard choices I’ve never heard about loot boxes before. But I wonder: how is this any different from “Kinder Surprise” (a chocolate egg with a small surprise toy inside that you can buy in supermarkets)? How did you come up with this conclusion? We have a “great” history for killing all big animals. So sad. But I guess they’ll grow back once we’re gone https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2018/04/in-a-few... I think, Amazon’s leadership principles are quite interesting since they represent the essence of the company’s culture. Compared to other companies these values or principles are not just empty phrases; they’re applied daily and people inside take these very serious. I personally like the principles although I’m missing a statement about developing employees. Also, the combination of two values can have dire effects, e.g. “Insist on the Highest Standards” and “Deliver Results” was probably the reason why some amazon warehouse workers have peed in bottles, see https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16849520 . The author is surprised that people defend Apple even though they “know that Apple has screwed them”. That sounds odd to me. I know a lot of people who own Apple devices and a lot of them had problems. But no own ever said that “Apple screwed” them. In fact, many of them get their devices handled/repaired by Apple in a good manner. No company is perfect. Apple makes mistakes. But in my perception they deal well with their mistakes and are not shy to admit. This is a great marketing idea! Congrats. I haven’t heard of Sanctus before Probably he’s been already replaced by a replicant I think it’s actually good that this happens in the states because it gets attention (see above article) and things can be done to enhance the situation. I have no clue how these things get handled in China and elsewhere. I have a guess though. BTW: Recently I’ve learned on HN that rivers in China and India are mostly responsible for plastics in the oceans. I like that definition too (I know it from Seth Godin). It’s honest, in the sense that we just don’t know yet how to that stuff instead of labeling every single code of line as AI. AI is definitely starting to enter the “through of disillusionment” in its hype cycle. Yeah, I guess you’re right, too :-) It’s definitely true for ML. However, I was mainly thinking about the overhyped “AI can do anything” sort of nonsense that is mostly spread by people who don’t have any clue about CS It's 2018 and I still have many dropped calls and other weird stuff when I talk with people on my mobile. FaceTime Audio is often a good alternative but still not perfect. So, I really hope the audio version of this will be commercialized soon. First question: probably some old MP3 from CDs I grabbed back in the good old Winamp days Second: My CV I guess I applaud the change you’ve made in your life. I think it’s great. However, living like that is pretty difficult if you have to provide for a family. There was a very interesting post on that topic just a couple of days ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16953005 I think one reason is that in these movies those actors you mention are the “heroes” of the story, in the sense that they’re the ones who undergoe the transformation. The flip side, all the people who have lost everything because of Belfort are not portraited at all. Another reason might be that many people are simply greedy and the consequences for the main actors weren’t that bad in the end after all. I think the real Belfort made an appearance at the end of the movie and gives speeches nowadays... Emotional responses on both sides then? Don’t worry. I believe breaking the internet up back into small parts is a going to be a big trend in the coming years. That’s what I meant, but I think it won’t happen through regulation but through new companies It's a hunch. People are not happy the way it is now, at least people on the fringes. Technology allows for disintegration and decentralized services today Or: they’re smart and you’re smart, too Similar to people who pack your groceries into bags at cashier. Have only seen this in the states, nowhere else I have traveled the world quite a bit, and lately, my impression is: people and cultures are becoming and more similar, probably due to things like social networks that work as amplifier for (mainly western) culture. What I observe: - people dressing/styling similar - same food - same large retail chains - music sounds similar (except for the language) - same TV shows - everybody looking at their smartphones all the time True. A subscription to Office 365 comes down to 99 Euros per years. Of course you’d pay maybe 150 every three years or so for a new version back in the days, but still that’s double. Also, I wonder whether this will lead to a slower development of the software. Before you’d have to create a leap forward to impress people to buy the new version, if the old version was still good enough. Good content but very hard to read due to the format Growing old is painful, I agree. Some things get better though. I feel my wiser than younger colleagues and enjoy that people come asking me for advice so I can give back. BTW: having Jäger-bombs from time to time (rarely!) is a very good way to keeping you young! ;) You should go out more often ;-) young people drink it nowadays a lot, too. They had a massive success with their rejuvenation campaign some years ago, also in Germany! Do I understand you correctly that if we would stop flying right now, we could reverse some effects of global warming (the water vapor part of it would be gone instantly)? I recommend to have one of these on you at all times while you're hiking https://www.amazon.com/Life-Systems-34020-Lifesystem-Remover... Even caring about this kind of stuff feels like people have an inferiority complex I don’t think that is a sound comparison and it’s missing my point Look, I don’t want to insult anyone. That’s just a conclusion I’ve made over the years. My background is also such that my native people always complain about past stuff like that instead of changing the here and now I don’t like that many of the climate articles are just alarming and not actionable. So now what? Naming alternatives would be good. Don’t travel ever again? Travel locally? Hitchhike? Not our children though Ok, good points there. I just feel with climate change: we’re way beyond the information stage there. We all know that the climate is changing and that it is man made. We need action. Action that is feasible on a personal level I don’t understand the sentiment of the comments here (I’m no google fan!). Isn’t that just the natural evolution of word prediction like on a smartphone? I’m not sure, but somehow I don’t trust them. All the slogans sound so cheesy, maybe that’s why. Somehow I’m missing AI in the equation (and in his new title). I think Blockchain based AI will solve all remaining puzzles out there I’d love to get one of those call and then try to irritate it as much as possible German speaker here. The sentiment on heise.de comments is that this was an April’s Fools joke Maybe Maybe the main title would be too long if it included “and google’s voice assistant” I regularly play LEGO with my two young kids on weekends and it’s so much fun. Sometimes they stop and play something else and I continue to build stuff :) it is great way to relax and spend time with your kids Well... this article is merely saying (with many many words) that it’s way better to show up to interviews and important meetings with utmost preparation than unprepared. Regardless of how serious google is about this (their main customers are advertisers not android users), I don’t find the measures convincing - shush: if you place your phone on the table you’ll pick it up from time to time anyways, it won’t be out of sight - colors: I’ve turned my smartphone screen B&W, I haven’t noticed a big difference yet, but maybe there is some research out there - monitoring: I installed a monitor app a while back. While I was observing my usage in the beginning regularly, today, I just don’t care about the numbers anymore I highly doubt that these measures will be effective Why was this flagged? Asking smart questions is a good way to start a discussion. The reaction to his questions here are quite emotional. Why so? If they're irrelevant anyways, why not stay cool about it? I find his questions interesting. Why didn't they demo it why Sundar on the other end of the line for example? What's the name of the shop owners? I can see why people pose these questions. Yeah, I stopped watching once the paranormal stuff started. Why can’t we have just realistic SciFi? I was referring to the protomolcule stuff, clearly to explainable by our current understanding of science Citing Wikipedia: Paranormal events are phenomena described in popular culture, folk, and other non-scientific bodies of knowledge, whose existence within these contexts is described to lie beyond normal experience or scientific explanation. I don’t think the current title “internet explorer 0-day discovered” is correct. An new way to exploit the zero-day was discovered. But not bug itself. In late April, two security companies (Qihoo360 and Kaspersky) independently discovered a zero-day for Internet Explorer (CVE-2018-8174), which was used in targeted attacks for espionage purposes. This marks two years since a zero-day has been found (CVE-2016-0189 being the latest one) in the browser that won’t die, despite efforts from Microsoft to move on to the more modern Edge. Well, it’s says a lot about their company values though. That you can take and extrapolate on anything else they might do or not do True :-) I just liked that about the expanse that everything else was really realistic. Achievable by humans within the next couple of hundred years So fascinating. 70 minutes, not a single slide. Holy... I’m pretty sure that most of these things are illegal in Germany. In any case, my prediction is that once these things go mainstream, companies with values that rely on trust as a core element of collaboration instead of surveillance will gain an advantage in the job market. I hope I’m right Yes, I think he was successful even though he was a jerk from time to time. That trait surely cost him some years. But it also shows how smart he must have been to compensate for that. Is this really news? That’s the same with Pepsi and Coke and many other things. People don’t buy a drink. They buy an experience. A feeling. A story. Why do you criticize people for being human? We’re not scientists nor robots (most of us at least). Please do a major rehaul of your crappy user interface instead of that stuff That’s what I thought. Go and do a blind test. Or read the papers https://daily.jstor.org/the-coca-cola-wars-can-anybody-reall... What if I as an European visit the states? Am I protected by through some agreements with my local provider or even GDPR? Wow, thanks sharing. Does it make a difference if I use an Android phone vs the iPhone? Absolutely. It helps manifesting monopolies because smaller companies can’t afford to compete anymore. I think it’s more nuanced than that. Culture and values do matter in some companies, and, they are used in daily interactions. This will yield different results. Apple is no saint, but much more aligned with my values than google for example. I catch myself often wanting to behave more eccentric, but then somehow societal laws keep pulling me back. I wish I had the guts (like Steve had) to be blunt to anyone The question for me is the definition of “winning”. In his perspective animals like sheep are “winning” the meta game because they behave. However, becoming dumbed down just to survive is maybe not much of a “win” either. Maybe it's because you live in a forest! ;-) How do you compare Elon Musk to Steve Jobs? I’m genuinely interested. In my mind, the first has built the biggest profit machine the world has ever seen. The latter is still experimenting and burning a lot of cash. Sure, both are quite charismatic. (I’m not trying to be judgmental here, just trying to find a common measure) Yes, but only on Thursday evenings! Yeah... someone said the other day that if they had divided Germany into south/north instead of east/west, there would have not been a reunion. Maybe that’s true Agree. It pretty much has the feeling of a sugar shock. You enjoy it first, get a bit of a rush, and then feel exhausted and gross afterwards. Better avoid it Just add a grain of AI or blockchain and you’ll be fine! I wonder how long that guy stayed at Apple afterwards, does anyone know? It’s similar to Texas. Quite German, but then again some people dream to be independent. It is also called “Freistaat Bayern”, “Free state of Bavaria” I really like Steve. But has he come up with anything meaningful after the Apple II? Yeah, I am doing financial services. Never expected it. I like the people a lot. I don’t like the products though. Thus, I’d say I haven’t found a great market fit for myself yet I love my “Vaterland” :) but I’m not sure if that’ll work. We are to small and Facebook to large and smart for regulation The problem is speed of light limit. It will be very difficult to expand beyond our solar system. Maybe that’s the reason we haven’t been visisted by aliens yet Don’t get me wrong, I fully agree. I’m just not sure whether to take anything he says seriously What’s next? Car drones, rail drones and sub-marine drones? Bike drones?! These are great! Thank you!! I think that’s an interesting thought. My perspective is that many industries will break up into backend/frontend where each part requires a different kind of people and operates on different margins. The backend will be an efficient machine whereas the frontend will be where the cool end customer facing stuff happens. Both will have their value, but operate very differently. So many upvotes, just 1 comment? Apple maps got way better! Granted, coming from a difficult starting point... Yes, but later they say: Population studies in people together with animal experiments suggest this second genetic ‘hit’ can be triggered by infection – probably by a range of common viruses and bacteria. In one unique cluster of cases investigated by Professor Greaves and colleagues in Milan, all cases were all infected with a flu virus. I, too like more data privacy, but think for a second about this: who can afford more regulation? The giant corporations like FB, Google etc. The small alternatives will suffer. EDIT: take a look at that slide, google invested 40 human years for assessment alone https://twitter.com/winfriedveil/status/995951301132537857?s... I hate it too, but I guess - low barriers: easier than setting up a blog, as easy as FB - reach: Twitter is a good platform to reach a lot of relevant people outside your own network I think it is though. There was a discussion recently on HN about an article that said that the average founder age of the most successful startups was 42... (btw: yes, 42!!!!) That’s an interesting view. Do you own a business where you had to implement GDPR or is this theoretical? Oh, and did you know that GDPR also affects the work of teachers, solo entrepreneurs, doctors and the like? My strong believe is that regulation is a big burden for small companies and solo entrepreneurs and a big opportunity for the large corporations. Facebook and Co will use all the power and wit they have to circumvent any regulation. The solution is not more regulation. The solutions needs to be architectural We’re humans. We’ll try ANYTHING I have made the experience that merely anything in life has shades of grey. It causes a lot of cognitive dissonance for me. For most people, including me, it is thus easier to simply stick to one particular world view. At least for a certain time. So as a smart person, either you are some sort of “schizophrenic” or you ignore some facts and possible interpretations and stick firmly to one side of the coin. Both is difficult Thanks for sharing. I should probably just start the startup I’m thinking about for so long ;-) Maybe you're right. I will think about it You’re right. The slur about company culture and value has reached meme like levels. And, probably, as you say, 90% of them are just statements put up on wall. However, I am convinced that having values and employing them everyday can massively help to recruit and retain the right people, and, to communicate efficiently in large organizations. I’m talking about those companies, where in any meeting anyone can speak up freely and say such things as “We should be doing this. This is against our values”. I think those companies will have a strategic advantage in the long run. And, for me personally, I find it much more rewarding to work for such a company. Is there a good one that works on a smartphone? Yap... but then again: the design is making you talk about the page, me replying to your comment etc. I don’t think it’s so bad. It serve another purpose than you think I believe I don’t think this will last for long... Not every claim on HN needs a backup. This one makes total sense to me. In this case, the article itself shows that regulation is definitely decreasing alternatives, which in turn can lead to monopolies This is like saying BMW, Toyota and the like have a monopoly because you can’t use your own infotainment software. There are enough alternatives to the iPhone. Not for me if I accept the first privacy screen I think many things we have today, would have saved the Titanic back then... Awesome! Reminds me of the after match game review of civilization. Siddhartha, Hermann Hesse Same with “Frauchen” (diminutive of “Frau” i.e. women) by the way... Yip yip. It’s called “top-down” communication and every good newspaper does it exactly like you describe Gnädige Frau :) Don’t understand why you are being downvoted. Chernobyl is a good example what happens when humans leave. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/23/wildlife-returns-... Copied from Wikipedia because I didn’t know: Betteridge's law of headlines is an adage that states: "Any headline that ends in a question mark can be answered by the word no." It is named after Ian Betteridge, a British technology journalist, although the principle is much older. As with similar "laws" (e.g., Murphy's law), it is intended to be humorous rather than the literal truth. There was an discussion on HN about this recently when Belgium prohibited loot boxes https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16929119 Anonymous reviews are a sort of a good thing, viewed from that end Please, please, please let everybody come to this conclusion. How much better would the world be as place. I’ve wasted many hours of my time at work, not working, which is so sad Former scientist here, too. People tend to forget what value a Nature article carries for the successful career in academia. The technical “hosting” of Nature and Arxiv might be the same, but the first will buy a lot of fame and potentially a good position at an research institute. Well, then you have to come up with a good idea how to change the nature of humans. We thrive on fame as social status currency Not just in science. The equivalent in startups might be a famous VC or whatever. It’s about attaching yourself to a brand. Everybody would agree on this - in theory. But you don’t say how this should happen, and this is where it breaks down. The only thing that comes to mind is “magic”... This is super annoying. Medium has been the worst so far in my opinion (top bar and open in app below take a lot of screen real estate) Well, the way I see it: mostly, these are “improvements”, huge ones, but still. They ride the current AI tech wave, take it an optimize apps with it. For most things, that people dream of and do marketing about need another leap forward, which we haven’t seen yet (it’ll come for sure) TL;DR There is a law for pressure before deadlines. The formula is 1/r where r is the “distance” i.e. time left to an event. “It is unclear how plant life could survive on Dakala. One scene, however, shows the surface covered in the dim light of a nearby star, perhaps supplying enough energy for some form of photosynthesis. Another theory, from the Star Trek Encyclopedia (4th ed., vol. 1, p. 177), is that the plant and animal life was supported by the surface heat from volcanic vents.“ From http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Dakala I agree, the effects can be very impressive. I meant, that what is achievable is quite clear now and that we need a major innovation/steps for the next leap Yes, you’re right. I think it’s fun though :-) sci-fi is by its nature just technobabble, see the annoying protomolecule stuff in “The Expanse” I’ve always been very skeptical at this report. I’m not exactly sure why, but I think because a) it is mainly a collection of a lots of data and b) it is extremely popular with many business people who often have little knowledge on the subject Can you eloborate on that? Things like “The Lean Startup” (de-risking as principle) originated in the States True. What I don’t get though: Why is it sooo popular then? Thank you for this explanation. Makes completely sense I work a lot for these guys. The larger companies have whole teams responding to these kind of emails. They triage incoming emails and then the team can send the emails on their own on behalf of the C-level exec. That’s probably what’s going to happen with scooters and bikes. I’m not convinced with cats yet though. I got some stuff that I want to be permanently in the car. EDIT: I meant cars ;-) but it’s so funny, I just leave it as is ;-) Probably because they weren’t blockchain based or AI powered, yet! Serverless FTW! Just to be contrarian: I’m not so sure if that’s a good thing... Data can be used for great things, e.g. longitudinal data in healthcare. I think seeing data as a liability might reduce the speed of progress I’ve thought about that recently the same way after I lost someone very important to me. I think the whole thing can be described by a 2-by-2 matrix, the axes being: - pursuing life goals no/yes - being happy no/yes Some people just live their lifes and are simply happy, don’t pursue any goals at all. Then other people pursue goals without being happy. Of course being in the top quadrant is optimal, but many people decide to optimize for one axis only. I realized that I’m in the bottom left... Interesting how you read lambda in my comment Safari mobile. Works pretty well. I’d just wish they would support safari reader mode. But maybe that’s impossible with the comment structure The topic microbime is definitely on the rise right now. It will soon reach mainstream media. https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=today%205-y&ge... She was, by all accounts, a lovely lady. But she lived a humble and quiet life. That made the $7 million she left to charity after her death in 2010 at age 100 all the more confusing. That made me wonder: Are there charities that are run like VCs? Why is this a bad thing? They’ve might have started something but grant them they ability to change. Their intentions now matter. I think it’s great that Apple offers the tools to combat the new “tobacco”. Of course, anyone has to quit on their own Great! Go and found a company that makes 10 bn USD a quarter in profit. A more apt comparison would read: You watch a mediocre preview of a new movie from a company that has made the most successful movies ever and continuous to do so. They're doing something right. Instead of complaining, maybe, just maybe, we should consider whether we're the ones misjudging reality. I agree. But, there is this narrative in the VC world that the tech game is different than ordinary economy. In tech, you have to create a monopoly due to network effects. Brian Arthur has been the first to formulate that [1], and it has become SV folklore ever since. If you believe in that worldview, there is no space for a market with several players. The only goal must be to become the number 1 as fast as possible. See also “From zero to one” by Thiel. Needless to say that this is a depressing worldview, but either they right and then it won’t help to whine about it. Or they ain’t right, but they still gonna operate like it is true. Both sad. [1] http://a16z.com/2018/05/16/network-effects-positive-feedback... I really really wonder if all the tracking nonsense has had any impact on efficacy. I never click any ads, and if I do, I do it very deliberately, to support a website for example. This information is useless, unless the rise of costs of living are stated Am I missing something here? That video is amazingly boring. Nothing happens. She just puts on the device. Well, the whole thing reminds me of the Segway story back in the days. That didn’t play out as expected > Caffeine, if safely administrated, is an effective countermeasure to mitigate impairment of alertness caused by sleep loss. This has been demonstrated in multiple laboratory and field studies for different sleep–wake schedules. However, to maximize its effectiveness, caffeine should be consumed at the right time and amount. Here, we developed an optimization algorithm to determine when and how much caffeine to consume so as to safely maximize alertness of a group of individuals for any situation I couldn’t find the algorithm though... There are always two sides to this... I think it’s badly communicated. Someone said (I don’t find the quote), that if you can’t explain a complex topic in simple words, you haven’t understood it thoroughly. > However a good thing done for the wrong reasons is still a good thing. I'd say it is definitely better than not doing a good thing. For me, the real question is this though: considering there is a pattern here (doing the right thing after doing the wrong thing), do you trust they will do the right thing in the first place next time? I guess the equivalent today is called “performance marketing”. However, I like the idea to give the money directly to the consumer. Haha. Meanwhile all the business people meet at conferences and get high on AI and blockchain... get the real easy stuff right first!!! 100%. I think the physical “keep your body in shape” movement must be followed by a “keep your mental health/resilience in shape” movement in the coming years. Fascinating. Search for “cargo cult” on google images for visual impressions At the bottom of the README you’ll find the answer: > To sum up: does popularity of technology on StackOverflow (SO) influence popularity of post about this technology on Hacker News (HN)? There seems to be a relationship between those two portals but I could not determine that popularity on Stack Overflow causes popularity on Hacker News. How do you measure the decline? Thank you for your thourogh explanation. My question was indeed sincere in that I wanted to understand how you perceive the decline. And, your statement makes sense to me. I think HN is becoming much more mainstream these days. It’s growing out of its niche is my feeling. That is probably driving “the decline”. I don’t know whether this is a good or a bad thing. Maybe, however, the development makes a good case for an HN alternative once enough people think the way you do. I actually had the strategy on fb to just like very random stuff like movies, groups etc. I’m not sure whether it has helped but it makes me feel better If you want to use words to differentiate, there have to be some break points. The same could be asked by Russian. They are mostly of Christian Faith, and, speak a language that is very similar to some European languages. If I remember right, Huntington (Clash of Civilizations) introduced the Ukraine, Turkey and Australia as countries that needed to make a decision which part they wanted to belong to finally. Maybe, one could argue that Mexico is in a similar spot. I regularly go from hating VCs (DHH style) to thinking that they are pivotal in creating categories that didn’t exist before. A charismatic founder with a strong vision and supporting VC can indeed change the world (hopefully to the better) Really like it! Especially the short explanation of the age is quite educating Asia Question: What is the probability that there is life after death? Aristo is not sure about this one... Aristo's best guess: Death is not a part of a life cycle. Confidence: 13.05% Question: Who will win the next US presidential elections? Aristo is not sure about this one... Aristo's best guess: Herbert Hoover Confidence: 15.82% For me, google has become the entry point whenever I search simple stuff, like song lyrics, an address. Whenever I need real insight, I turn to other sources like HN search or even twitter Didn’t you to forget to include IoT? To put this into a larger context: I wonder, do we currently have the technology to see another major breakthrough in AI, because frankly all I’m seeing are impressive, but nonetheless incremental advancement. I think that is a lame excuse. Of course it can be done, it’s just a matter of priorities and how many resources you’re willing to put in. To give you an example, nobody is saying that there are no more traffic fatalities or aviation accidents, but the numbers are declining even as traffic is increasing. Another example is Apple’s app store that seems to be well managed, even though the number of apps is absurdly high. This is one of the best comments I’ve read on HN... I agree fully. I’ve always wondered what could happen if we threw all these talented people onto really important stuff. btw: even though I’m not his biggest fan, I think Elon Musk is doing exactly this with Tesla and SpaceX...