They should spend one hour to have HTTPS on their front-page though. Good luck explaining to the average Tesla driver that his cars did pollute a lot. I tried to explain once that the "zero emission" label on the Nissan Leaf is misleading because building a car makes emissions. I do think electric car are a good solution where developing public transports would have a higher (environmental) cost, but building cars pollutes. That's your opinion but anyway a Leaf will still emit when it's moving. Indirectly with the production of the energy, which can be very low in countries such as France or Norway, and directly with brakes dust even though the electric regen reduces that a lot, and particles from the tires. The "zero emission" label is on the back on the car, maybe they should use something else for their marketing. You are right and I totally agree with you. I do have an electric car and I would never buy anything not electric anymore as long as I can afford it. I just want to point out that buying a new car is not saving the planet, and you are not neutral when you drive an electric car. It's much better than anything else so far though. Better than hydrogen too. About the hybrids, I personally think the same than Carlos Tavares, president of PSA, who said to the French government that hybrids are only a temporary solution because two motors systems is one too many for cost reasons, when batteries will become cheaper. The Model S and Model X are aluminum so the rust isn't a big problem. Parts availability perhaps more. We will see how the cheaper Tesla in steel like the Model 3 will do over time but if they hold well, they may be a good cheap car in 10 years or more. In Norway, where the number of Tesla per habita is very high, the average car age is about 10 years. Also, it's likely that the batteries will get a second life as home energy storage when no one would want to keep the car running anymore. It's a very interesting article. I'm also impressed by such dedication. Hashing the strings from the decompiled APK to easily debug the protocol in Wireshark is inspiring. On the topic of using a BMW with you phone without being frustrated, some people put a third-party box between the screen and the car infotainment computer to get Android Auto. I heard the experience isn't perfect. Personnally I use Google Assistant and I think it works relatively well. I can use it to get directions, make the sound of random animals, change radio, play music on Spotify... To trigger it, you can long press the voice command button on the steering wheel. Look at the health-care situation in Europe. It would be interesting to have an independent study of the system, perhaps qualitative. Reading the other comments, not everyone is convinced by the idea and having scientific data may help. If the data hurts, that's life. This looks slightly better. It's also a bit more in the uncanny valley in my humble opinion. No way this is GDPR compliant. They used to have a great reputation in France about 20 to 15 years ago. It went downhill since, the company got sold and they started to sell expensive and slow cloud services, a bit like Amazon with less success. Ethnicity. Depending on how the electricity is produced in your area and whether you use the heat for home heating, it may be better for the climate to simply turn these computer off. SuperTux and Gnome Mines! I don't get it either. A touchscreen is very nice to have on a laptop. You may not use it everyday, but it's very convenient especially to develop touch applications. Thankfully, Lenovo and Huawei have good offers. Many EVs have a good enough range and more than good enough performances. Sure a ipace or etron don't drive as far as a equivalent Tesla, but sometimes you don't need that. Also, we are many to love the i3 look. It's a matter of tastes. I understand you well. However, it's a lot simpler when you can't afford or justify buying the fancy car. I bought an used electric car with a tiny range to commute and every time I did long trips with it I wished I got a Tesla with a five times bigger battery. But then I think about it, I do not regret not spending the money on a Model S, renting a long range car a few times a year, and buying a bigger flat with the money I saved. For French speakers, France Inter has a great playlist without ads when they are on strike. When it's not the strike season or if you have more precise tastes, FIP is nice too. You don't get rich by saving at maximum a few hundred euros/dollars per month. It depends on the seller. Aliexpress will do something if you can't find an agreement with the seller after many days. Some sellers are just stupid. You want to work for companies that use this service? The French butchers also have something a bit different : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louch%C3%A9bem I wonder whether Google Maps takes into account the various ways of transportation, such as bicycles, public transports, or electric cars driving on the bus lines. With many of these online services, you aren't paying for the hosting costs but for the services. The http server died too. >…a simple command like: > git convert-repo --to-hash=sha-256 --frobnicate-blobs --climb-subtrees --liability-waiver=none --use-shovels --carbon-offsets Is it sarcasm ? I may be wrong but I think it's too risky to put so much value into crypto currencies before we have a proof that P≠NP. I also hope that P=NP. Can you start a ICE vehicle remotely? I thought it was mostly a EV thing, some people have aftermarket kits. I don't know what my partner will think about my mental health if I sing the happy birthday song twice every time I wash my hands. I try to run `npm-check -u` at least once a week. It takes some time when a dependency has a breaking change or a project that I don't trust to respect semantic versioning is updated and I have to check its git diff, but in practice my projects have up to date dependencies without much efforts. This has improved so much since the last time I checked it. It's interesting to see so high quality on image generation using neural networks, while text generation using gpt2, which seems a lot easier at first, is glorified nonsense. It really depends. Some people want good gaming performances, an easy to upgrade or fix laptop, or simply a touch screen. It's not about the amount, it's about sending a message. It's in the news, it's a lot more expensive for Apple. For the record, the name of the place "Contamines-Montjoie" can mean "Contaminated-JoyMountain" in French. I don't know for your country but in France we are asked to call and to not go to the doctor or the hospital. One doctor got contaminated by a patient. I don't know if McDonald's food is that expensive. I would expect that most of the costs are the employees, the building, and the equipment. Why trying to become rich? Once you have enough money to have a great quality of life without stress, having more money isn't improving much your happiness. Sometimes it makes it worse. However trying to become rich can be very difficult, tiresome, and disappointing. True. I guess "rich" because you can pay your family bills and have the hobbies you love and "rich" in "rich and famous" don't mean the same kind of wealth. No, a normal job is enough to be happy in most societies in my humble opinion. Sure being rich is nice, you can do more things than most people. My point is that you will probably never be rich. The concept of rich people is to be more healthy than most people. So you should probably not have a shitty lifestyle because you want to be one of them but you aren't succedding. If you enjoy trying, good for you. Ambition and creativity is different than wanting to be rich. A researcher usually does not care about money but would love the frontpage of Nature or a Nobel price. A musician is usually more thinking about its art and the people than the sales. A politician wants power. Lots of examples. Saving the world and making the society better with a lot of money is good, but thankfully rich people are not the only solution. You have unemployment and more than enough time to find a new job. And let's say you don't find one, the state will still give you enough money for you to survive. Maybe you will have to reduce your lifestyle and be unhappy for some time but there is no need to seek to be rich just to prevent an unlikely future. The spouse can work, we are not in the 1960s anymore. But even if she does not work, you can have a happy life in many Europeans countries. It's true, I haven't experienced a recession. I rather take the risk of having a hard time during a recession than having a hard time my whole life though. Why a SUV though? They have a tendency to flip more easily. It's definitely better than the original using Markov chains. It fits very well this use case, and in my opinion only this use case. GPT2 is still very random and quite stupid. You start it with your love for your girlfriend as a context, she becomes a cam girl into hard core anal two paragraphs later. You start with religion, "Muslims must be exterminated". You start with software and you get a description of non existent hardware with instructions about how to setup a VPN in the middle. You start with news, and you can read than China supports the Islamic state. That's cool because it has more context than Markov chains which usually have only 3 words of context, but it's still a long way to go before I trust anything generated by this kind of algorithm. Sorry I didn't think one could interpret it like this, this was inappropriate indeed. I edited. Time to replace the battery? Bookmyname is pretty low level and it looks like nothing has been updated for 20 years but it's cheap, and it works https://www.bookmyname.com/?wl=en The Peugeot 1007 or the Renault Avantime did explore the two doors minivans concept, without much success. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peugeot_1007 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renault_Avantime You can probably ask the dealer to weld the trunk if you insist. Microsoft Teams, it's not very good but it's well integrated inside the Microsoft environment. If you need a bodyguard when you buy a new computer, perhaps it's a sign that you are spending a bit too much money on it. It's not very GDPR compliant either. The alternative is to spend less, to share resources between employees, or to rent. You can rent a much more powerful rendering farm in the cloud for less money than a full option Mac pro. Video encoding can be done in good quality and good time on a 200€ smartphone. If you push the settings to the max, you still don't need a 50k€ computer... And for software builds, just take a coffee break whenever you feel like rebuilding everything on your local machine. The company should have build servers too. Signal isn't on F-Droid, which is a red flag IMHO. It looks like they don't allow non official builds on their servers. It's a good filter, you only get the people who spent too much time on bullshit for free. They can make very good workers. It's just pushing the problem. Now you need to trust the VPN. I don't feel bad for the game developer. Its business model is to publish simple classic games, but with ads. The ad-supported version can be a disaster for your privacy though. 2500 miles ≈ 4000 km. Guys, switch to metric units already. Thank you. The rest of the world. I think you can do setTimeout(resolve, ms) to have one fewer function. However it's important to note that recovering the first stage makes sense only if it's successful enough times. Because it reduces the payload and it's more expensive as a single use. Was Python faster than javascript a long time ago? I'm not super old and javascript has always been way faster in my mind, but it's fine. Python has many great libraries for doing heavy computations very quickly. Javascript is quite neat today. I play a lot with map/reduce and async/await and it's great. The Mac mini is terribly overpriced. If you are going to replace your laptop by a desktop computer, get a descent GPU. That's nice. [flagged] As an user, I usually dislike these walk-through when they are forced to me and I try to finish them as fast as possible. I think a good user interface shouldn't need them by default. In addition to some data from websites which do not use Google analytics, they may like to have the power of pushing the "comic sans ms" font or having a * { display: none !important;} for non chrome browsers. It's cool, I have no use for it but it's cool. A 2 hours lunch break is the standard in France. You can definitely fire people in France. I don't know how you got the idea you can't. Also quality of life is perhaps more important than these numbers. People don't care about the GDP growth, don't want to have artifical employment with terrible and badly paid jobs (looking at you Germany), and prefer to eat good food for 2 hours. Something like "wow, software development will improve so much! You will make a web browser in a double-click." One of the most annoying thing with this extension is that it maintain a different revert history that is conflicting with the normal one. Sometimes you just have to close a file without saving it because undo/redo is broken. And it's extremely slow on medium to large files and it gets slower and slower until you restart vscode. I have a love hate relationship with this extension. It's terrible but vscode without it feels worse to me. Sometimes I wish I didn't met vi in my life. While some ads are just links, candy crush is actually installed and being updated regularly even though most people will never ever start it. I have a recent computer with enough ram and the feeling of electrons apps on GNU/Linux and Windows is quite good. I'm not sure the majority of people do notice a difference anymore. For sure if you run electrons apps on a old potato pc with less performances than a new smartphone it's not ideal but I feel like most companies don't really target users in this situation. Yes, we should wash our phones too. It's very simple when the phone is waterproof. I was considering to use ElasticSearch to replace my CouchDB indexes that are way too slow, memory hungry, and not optimized. But I read somewhere, can't remember the source, that ElasticSearch doesn't offer any guarantee that all your data will (eventually) be saved or returned when queried. Is that the case? Thanks for your clarification. Not using it as a primary database is fine and I understand that it's not designed for that. But I need to trust the results when I query it. Is it designed for fuzzy searches on many documents when missing one or two documents has no consequences or can I trust that I will always retrieve all documents that should match my query ? Can't you preload the content you want to watch on Netflix and similar? Thanks again. Distributed systems are difficults. I think I should have gone with a old school PostgreSQL. I think the comparison with an electric car is to illustrate that this cloud solution is a waste of energy. I don't think a Google recruiter will ever contact me, but if one does I will remember to politely decline the offer and not waste my time. I would never dare to suggest writing a new database in a professional context, even less during an interview. Probably as a joke at the coffee machine because it's ridiculous but otherwise no. It's so many distributed databases around there, no one is better than one good PostgreSQL for the majority of uses cases. Google has good in-house database software that fit their requirements. I wouldn't say that I can do better in an interview. That's true. We don't know how was the interview, perhaps it was about implementing a distributed database from scratch, perhaps it was about storing as many personal data as you can. Is there a market about collecting and selling IoT data like this ? If we don't think about why one would need such a solution will this blockchain will ever have enough participants to ensure its stability? Well, it can be quite a lot of data for many network devices and then you may have outdated replication. The current system using a cache works relatively well until you want privacy. These IoT stacks like AWS greengrass (yes the marketing department smoked that day) or Azure IoT hub are missing something fundamental in my opinion : device management. It would be nice if they could do stuff such as updating the Linux distribution. Actually it sounds like it does. In our case we decided to use Ansible. And once you can use Ansible, you don't really need these IoT platforms. I stopped reading at "socialist utopia Bernie Sanders is selling". It's too much for my poor European point of view, using my capitalist Chinese phone to read your comment and write my answer. Does MongoDB have multi master replication or the classic election of one master from a pool of candidates ? CouchDB has another pattern, each master is really a master and you can have live replication but also offline replication. You can connect two clusters every new moon and they will synchronize. For sure the clients may have to deal with potential conflicts but in practice it's very neat and that's what makes couchdb worth it if you need this feature. What did happen to Germany? Are you thinking about the national socialism from the Nazi party? If you don't live in USA, why are you bringing their politics in the debate? You didn't listen well in the history class, am I wrong ? This is seems like a good idea but it's way too dangerous. I use rotate-backups with temporary files and your script is an interesting alternative. https://pypi.org/project/rotate-backups/ You don't remember the iPhones slowing down to protect their old batteries? You ask a sample. The website is working well on mobile, which makes me wonder if GTK has plans to support Android and iOS. It would be nice. GTK has been multi-platform for a while. It's important to find a compromise. The simplest system at my work would be something like a php/mysql backend hosted on a old fashion shared server using ftp. Good luck attracting good developers with that. We use something over engineered but we have fun. The customers don't care but we do. I don't miss the child windows. It was so confusing. Material design isn't flat and monochrome. I don't know about your phone but mine which is not new has 6gb of ram and the latest Samsung s20 flagship has 12gb of ram. In comparison to the total ram, it's much better nowadays. Why sending to the recycling centre perfectly fine products ? It's a terrible title for people who can't stop thinking about bad things, such as suicide or smoking as mentioned by other in this thread. It's a bit confusing to me. You changed the body part in the middle. I am sure some developers are very good at their job but the average developer like me write more bugs and security issues than a popular and maintained dependency can have. Moreover, it's getting quite easy to maintain dependencies today. I can think about packages lock files, Docker containers, semantic versionning, or even Github sending me alerts and pull requests when a security vulnerability happens. I prefer to add a good dependency and having to deal with it rather than writing broken code and fixing it later. Of course I'm not talking about a 5 lines dependency, but real features. The battery is heavy but the powertrain is much lighter. You can make light electric vehicles, look at the i3 for example. He is comparing the society in USA where many people work hard for very few rich people which in return offer charity to feudal societies. I rather apply to Google and get rejected, for the experience, than even considering AMP. The DVD player was a very good advantage of the PS2. They could have waited a few months for the winter and tested it on the snow. Don't you know it's not good to be racist? That it's bad? That we shouldn't discriminate racially, it's bad. Judging people on their religion is bad. It's bad to judge people by their skin color, their social background, or their nationality. I tried to quote a classic French movie but the comedy may have been lost in translation. Anyway, if you don't want to sound racist, you can say ethnicity or ethnic group. Using the word "race" is deprecated. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_(human_categorization) Sometimes I forget that France isn't winning culturally. Yes some part of the world still use this term, like some still use body parts to measure lengths, but we should not continue to be racist because of them. You can read the Wikipedia article, there is no good point of using race in science today. People who use the concept of races, by using the concept of races. But it's cultural differences I guess, races and racism is bad in my culture, see the movie quote that is making fun of that, and it seems like in yours races and racism do not seem obviously related. I will not try to convince you, you got my point of view. If you write an international scientific paper, please don't use races, thank you very much. We disagree but that's okay. La classe américaine. http://cyclim.se/ This is the dumbest tweet I read today. Is she forced to wear high heels at work or she simply likes it? > A global one-million-euro challenge competition to answer the question: How can we decarbonise the heating of Helsinki, using as little biomass as possible? Use renewable energy or nuclear energy. Where do I get my money ? Yes the EPR design is a disaster that may end the French civilian nuclear industry. Renewable energies are very competitive nowadays, and once we have good energy storage solutions at scale, I don't see why anyone would buy a new nuclear reactor. When BMW designed the i3 about 10 years ago, one couldn't make a 3 class sedan with > 560 km at a reasonable price. So instead they took their low fuel consumption city car concept with a futuristic look and made it electric. They never planned to sell it a lot, it's a carbon fiber body on an aluminium frame with a rear-wheel engine block. It's not designed to be mass produced at a cheap cost, it's designed to make money from low numbers as a premium EV. They should have made more electric models since, but their different CEOs that succeeded were only looking at the current numbers. Hopefully for them, they will catch up. Many people dislike the look of the i3 but that's just a matter of tastes. Personally I think the tesla model S and model 3 are very boring looking cars. They look okay, but I much prefer the i3. In current cars models, The Renault Zoé looks very normal, the Volswagen Golf is a Golf, the Peugeot 208 looks exactly the same as a BEV or ICE, the Jaguar I-Pace looks like a ICE car too, the Audi Etron cannot look more normal, same for the Mercedes EQC. It just breaks 9/10 non-news websites that don't have readability problems. After reading your comment, I did consider to implement that in my codebase and then I remembered that I have so few servers that it would not matter. Even if my company has to scale up to 99% of the market. Perhaps one day unsafe programming languages will be forbidden to use. I'm quite sure the performance hit will be fine in a few decades. The government gives food to the people. Without any money involved. You don't think we will have budget for a few safety checks? > "We don't make pure electric cars because for the time being, we think they're too heavy, and they don't make a cool sound. And as long as we can be CO2 neutral and frugal and clean comparatively, we will push the combustion engine." I read that as "we don't give a fuck about emissions because we like vroom vroom and we plant a few trees to not feel bad about it". I agree about the weight problem of large lithium batteries, and light hydrogen fuel cells may not deliver enough pick power, so I don't have a good solution for hyper cars. I just think that ICE engines shouldn't be in cars ASAP. It's ok to improve ICE engines. I'm sure some people continue to improve horse drawn carriages. Thankfully we don't have our cities full of horse poop anymore. It's still good to be light on low speed corners. At high speed the aerodynamic down force is much greater. I think they just want to have a super fast car for a few people, and to do so you need to pollute with an ICE engine. I'm sorry that you assume that I feel morally superior. I don't. You can enjoy your ICE sport car, it's okay. I think the human cost of gaz is underestimated. Between the wars, the pollution, the destruction of nature, it's not great. True some cobalt mines are a shame, some are even using children. I don't think any car manufacturer wants to be associated with that, so they try to use providers from "ok" mines. The range isn't really a problem for new electric cars and the weight will hopefully go down. Personally I think that the hybrids I can afford drive like shit compared to the fully electric cars I can afford. I think a main reason why people in Europe don't buy the huge American pickup trucks to commute is because of that. They know everyone will joke about their penis size all the time, forever. You never drive to a city ? Why taking away lands from the nature or the food production to produce ethanol so people can enjoy ICE engine sounds ? Just use the fake engine sounds on the speakers (yes it's a thing). You are a bit pedantic. Yes, and these trucks use way too much gaz for European standards. It could be for a example a 4gb SD card formatted as 32gb. Which is fine if you only use 300mb like he did. I'm quite sure I see Google products and services on top of Google search. Still no touchscreen. Not really, the operating system is not very advanced. I have used react and vue and I prefer vue. React is fine but it has a few issues such as having to write className instead of class in the html templates (yes I know why). It's not a big difference between all these new frameworks though, and it will be a huge improvement over html generated from PHP with some jQuery. Isn't it automatic? If the network speed is slow, Netflix will switch to a lower bandwidth video stream. It's a bit better on Android, but far from perfect. And the hardware is not very exciting. People stop very fast when people they know start to get sick and die. The car has a chromium based web browser. The web uses javascript. > It’s unlike any mouse cursor you’ve used before. Ok sounds cool. > The pointer will only appear when you need it. Like a windows pc with a touch screen or any Android device. > The pointer is a little circular dot. Why not, it doesn't seem very precise but it's probably because UIs on iOs are not and shouldn't designed to be used with a precise pointer. > It can change shape based on what it’s pointing at. As they say, nothing new there. > It supports some navigation gestures. Like on a 20 years old Mac indeed. I'm a bit disappointed. Got it, after a second read. Yes I love having to pay Apple to distribute my apps with a manual review at every update, to get them reject updates for reasons such as "you mentioned Android" or "we need an user account to test your app to check whether you write Android anywhere". I do understand why companies such as Uber had different behaviours in their app if the user was inside or close to an Apple building. One new stupid startup idea every day. I feel like JSON is a fair choice these days. More people would dislike some YAML IMHO. It can be super bad because the YouTube video is a slideshow with a mp3, compressed before being uploaded to YouTube, and compressed by YouTube again. When it's an official video, I guess it's only compressed twice and they use high quality masters but still, YouTube isn't hi-fi. Yes, it makes animal sounds, reminds me stuff, control the lights and blinds, and listen to me having sex. Norway also has GDPR. If you rely on your USB hard drive to write zeros when you delete data, you must stop and encrypt your data. True, but you can do both. Well, many people say Google will never catch back Amazon and Microsoft in the cloud market due to their terrible reputation. Any government could clone Twitter if they must. It's not rocket science and Twitter is actually quite open about their architecture and technologies choice. I think it's likely. They may provide sandboxes for development, some kind of WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) or Docker on Mac, and a "Classic" emulator for apps that haven't been recompiled like they did for the transition between Mac os 9 and Mac os X, and from PowerPC to x86. Meanwhile they will continue to limit web apps. Can it run Minecraft? Yes, sadly I think the best GNU/Linux for laptops is Windows 10 with WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux). By far. Yes this sucks. Do you remember the Amazon store integration in Ubuntu? The light isn't really a good solution anyway. "We observed that, on average, fewer than half of our participants (45%) noticed the existing indicator during computer-based tasks. When seated in front of the computer performing a paper-based task, only 5% noticed the indicator." - Somebody's Watching Me?: Assessing the Effectiveness of Webcam Indicator Lights - https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/2702123.2702164 I should move to USA. Reads the news I will stay where I live. I think everyone involved in this project should be ashamed. Energy shouldn't be wasted into bruteforcing sha1 checksums of lists of transactions, a hash of a previous block to have a neat Merkle tree, and random data to find checksums starting with enough zeros. This is so unnecessary when we have global warming and much better things to do with our energy budget. It's all about finding a balance. Some people think we should reduce our energy consumption but still maintain a good quality of life. We could cut the energy consumption of bitcoin to zero and the quality of life of everyone would not change at all. Thankfully Bitcoin isn't the only solution to answer this problem. By the way, the world economy isn't centralized and thankfully doesn't rely on a single database with a shitty and super slow consensus algorithm that destroy the environment, by design. The people living from Bitcoin are so few that they don't really matter. I'm sure many of them would find another well paid occupation shortly after and I wouldn't be sorry for the ones that would have to reduce the costs of their lifestyle. I do think social shaming is very powerful, but it must be used correctly. Shaming Bitcoin professionals is fine in my opinion. It's better to use heat pumps. In my experience in European research, you don't get research funding if you don't work on something relevant or practical to the industry. It's a tricky situation. Note that anyone in a company can be replaced. So you could work your way to have him replaced before he replaces you. Keep proofs of what you are doing, proofs that he cannot edit or remove and that you will still have if you lose your job. Be very polite and professional in your communications, and prefer emails. It's easier to show to others. You can talk to others in the company, especially above him, not only in your group. However be careful about who you talk to and what you say, human resources is usually not on your side. They don't work for you but for the company. So try to be positive and useful for the company and consider that firing you may be the easiest conflict resolution for the company, but that firing the new executive could also be seen as the best solution. But you may want to wait a few weeks before starting the hostilities, and perhaps have some jobs leads just in case. In my opinion, your company will find a good solution that will please everyone. If not, you should find a new company. That's actually true. But life is too short to deal with terrible people many hours a week if you can afford not to. Perhaps the best professional and healthy solution is to find a new job if the conflict isn't resolved in good time. It depends. At work we decided to not support IE11 for a product and all the users understand that they need to use something else than IE. So the breakdown is pretty much 0% for IE. It's another story if you are selling, but if the users must use your application, they will click on the other blue e icon. Then it's unfortunate but we don't support such setup. They can pay if they want us to support IE11 though. If they really insist, they will be quoted a rewrite to another framework, plus more because we will hate to do that. In practice we find solutions, such as installing chrome or using mobile devices. I know it depends on the domain and the country, but companies with outdated desktop pc running only internet explorer are becoming rare. We prefer to refuse one of them than wasting time supporting outdated environments. Note that you can use your smartphone as a wireless webcam. I clicked on the link without much expectations, a broken HTTPS configuration is never a good sign, but I'm actually surprised by the results. It suggests the obvious similar artists, but also some very unknown artists with very few listeners on Spotify, but similar music. The other website https://www.music-map.com/ is also interesting. It appears that I'm not very original in my music tastes. Yes if do not you want to distribute your data with random people over the internet, you need a Merkle tree. Not a stupid blockchain with all the downsides a blockchain have. Yes. Google search is broken. It's simple and great, I like the animations. One small issue: I zoomed out a lot and I never found back my mind map. You may need to implement bounds to the zoom. Personally I would like to be paid to learn such a technology. While it's still very slow, modern Javascript VMs are fast enough for many usages. Ruby is slow, but it could be a lot faster with a lot of time and money. The health sector is large and big. It depends on what you want to do and where. If you are manipulating personal information and patients data, and perhaps storing it, it's very very different whether you are in USA or Germany for example. The local laws and rules are very different. Germany is very strict while USA isn't at all. In my personal experience, security and privacy are very important. The quality of service is also critical too, though the healthcare providers do have backups plans when a service is unavailable. In terms of technologies, it's mostly the same than everywhere else. You can't really expect to have full stack medically certified software, including the kernels, the compilers, the vms... So you usually use the software industry standards and certify your service only. Golang works too. There is a few databases written in Golang, such as Prometheus, InfluxDB, CockroachDB, or tidb. https://github.com/topics/database?l=go&o=desc&s=stars Who is going to maintain all of this in a few months or years when Facebook has moved on? I don't know. I don't think they stopped testing, but their open-source javascript testing framework jest has been unmaintained for a little while. When it's many smaller projects, the workload can be shared and it's easier to replace a dead component. My bad. It feels unmaintained though. This is about USA. Personally I don't see the point of doing unit testing to do unit testing when you actually need integration testing. Mocking external services is a waste of time in my humble opinion. It's super time consuming and you can mock it wrongly or have a different behaviour in you mock. I prefer to use integration tests with sonarqube. 80% is then a good threshold. Are you sure ? Macron's popularity is going up and 96% of the French population approves the containment. https://www.marianne.net/politique/popularite-de-macron-une-... https://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/coronavirus-96-des-francai... La Bastille was destroyed the 14th of July 1789 though. The demolition ended in 1806. https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bastille#D%C3%A9molition_de_la... The SARS-CoV-2 virus did start in China though. To be more specific about why the implementation is bad, it's hardcoded to refresh around every 30ms but not precisely 30ms. As a Frenchman I can recommend light protests, from home. Instead of burning a few wooden pallets and having a BBQ while blocking the company entrance, you guys could perhaps put a firewall rule to drop all incoming traffic to the VPN and having an online video party. Hurting the company is the point of this kind of protests, but you shouldn't do it alone with your company credentials for sure. Some employers may want to fire the people who organize the protests, but in France the employees representatives are more protected than others and you can't fire them easily. It has pros and cons. It's fine if it's a common decision among active employees. You cannot be fired if you protest in a reasonable way yes. Disclosing or destroying customer data is not acceptable no. I'm not a law expert so I cannot tell you were the line is. I guess nobody really knows precisely. Kidnapping is for sure not acceptable. Stripping the clothes as well, it was very criticized everywhere in the world including France when the AirFrance HR cunt got his shirt destroyed. If you work in France in the future, don't be scared about being kidnapped by your co-workers. It's very unlikely, especially if you are not a bad CEO, and I don't remember physical harm happening. I'm not saying it's acceptable, but it's a very small risk and you should not dismiss the benefits of protesting for only a few protests that went wrong over the last 10 years. Before starting a new project some time ago, I read about the critics to JOSE (JWE) and the alternative PASETO. I decided to use JOSE carefully instead of PASETO because it had an IETF RFC. I think it will be great for PASETO to get a RFC as well. The second point that made me chose JOSE was that PASETO was a bit too mean towards JOSE, and I didn't want drama in my technology choices. But good work! With a RFC PASETO will be my choice for my next projects. Yes, many electric cars have a buffer. Not all Tesla though. That's why it's not recommended to charge a Tesla to 100% everyday while it's fine with many other brands. But Tesla did sell a few cars with different battery capacities and exactly the same hardware. If you got the smaller capacity then you got a buffer. Tesla could unlock the buffer remotely, if you give them more money or if you need to evacuate before an incoming hurricane or similar. They are not that slim nor very beautiful, but gaming laptops can handle serious workloads for a long time. And many of them have a feature to stay silent with lower performances. They actually have a much better cooling system, but it's heavier and more expensive. I would recommend to not use an unsafe programming language such as C or C++. I don't know. But at least you don't get too many buffer overflow security holes. I do my backups in the cloud, which uses hard drives for slow storage but I couldn't care less about it. The terrible reliability and performances are not my problem anymore. If I lose my job I get notified in advance and then I get unemployment benefits for years. It's more than enough time to find a new job before I don't have enough savings to justify cloud storage costs. What if you connect your hard-drive and the data is corrupted or the drive isn't spinning? That did happen to me. I rather have people replacing the hard drives for me. Uploading corrupted backups to the cloud is the same than saving corrupted backups locally. Before I gave up with my blog, many years ago, it had very few readers unless I was doing SEO bullshit or I was spending hours actively promoting it. In the beginning the effort was fine because it was fun. I even developed it from scratch in Rails, it was the time of these "write a blog with rails in 5 minutes" articles (it took me more time to have something I liked). Blogs were also very popular and you had communities of bloggers. But when social networks replaced blogs, people stopped using RSS feeds or simply visiting blogs. China has the technology. It sounds threatening and I hope you don't work for them but anyway, Google and Facebook are already pushing hard into politics. Is Tesla the ArchLinux of cars manufacturers? By the way, why are you driving long distance during a lockdown? They want to always return results even when they don't have any. So they will remove some of your query. This last week Google even returned months old results when I asked for the last 24 hours. It's so frustrating. I wish the Google team that decided this nonsense have to migrate Python 2 to Python 3 projects until they retire. The video game benchmarks really show that it's still not powerful enough to play less than 5 years old video games in good conditions. Old games are fine, as always. Yes sorry to not be explicit enough. It's still way too slow compared to a dedicated GPU. The test that is linked is about the integrated GPU though. Owning a car is a lot of hassle. It's super expensive, it takes time to maintain it, you have to park it, you may have issues with it. Renting a shared car from a phone still sound appealing to me. It has a very little usage of ram on phone. Basically 0 when you don't use it. I ran windows 95 in VirtualBox recently to play an old game. You need a shady kernel hack because modern CPUs are way too fast, and some shady display drivers. Electron sounds nicer. I did the same to be honest. If I have to ask for a price, I'm not going to ask. I guess you don't play videogames on your computer. From my understanding, someone at Microsoft changed a line of code related to some access control in windows and it broke some access controls. The author thinks the change was a mistake, perhaps code cleaning from a Microsoft employee. Then it's a long detailed post about how you can exploit the bug, while missing some critical parts so you actually can't exploit it for real. Well, thanks for not publishing a full working POC. About the critical missing part, I was thinking about this : > Let’s focus on escaping the GPU process sandbox. As I don’t have a GPU RCE to hand I’ll just inject a DLL into the process to run the escape. From what I understand, a GPU RCE would allow escaping the sandbox from remote while injecting the DLL requires a good control on the machine. But your post was not about a GPU RCE so it totally makes sense to not do it. I may be very wrong because I am not a security expert, I only read MISC (a French magazine about security) on the beach. Did you consider to replace the AWS' names and technical terms by generic terms and their explanations, so it's easier to understand for people not familiar with AWS' storage offers? > The company has said criticisms of its safety measures are unfounded. Well, the French justice forced them to improve their safety measures. They had to close down for 5 days to do so. I don't remember reading about them doing that worldwide. However, I do remember them complaining in emails sent to their French customers that they are forced to improve the safety measures and that the French justice is not nice. It was a bit ridiculous and not well received. I do really disagree. This is a source from today : https://www.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2020/04/24/coronavir... They have a list. But anyway, why are they restricted to "essential" orders only? To improve the safety of the Amazon employees. Come on, Paris is almost flat and everyone with no medical condition should be able to bike up the small hill of Montmartre. If you want to use Bluetooth on Android, you must ask for this permission. Bluetooth can be used to get high quality locations, also indoor. https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/blue... I'm probably naive but I don't think you need that much money to sue AWS. They may afford an army of lawyers, but that's their problem. You can't buy a judge as far as I know. Me too I realized that criticism towards AWS brings downvotes on HN. A bit strange because it's usually the opposite online. Maybe a lot of HN readers are working for AWS. The link's layout is broken on mobile. A Docker container cannot contact the daemon as far as I know. Unless you bind it, but then you know about the risks. You can use Ansible to provision servers, it works, but if you do that a lot it's better to use Terraform. With Ansible you are a bit at a lower level and you need to manage the state of your system yourself. It's fine for 4 permanent VMs but not for more complicated infrastructures. It's a matter of time, CHADeMO will slowly die in Europe and USA. Everyone's using CCS nowadays excepts the Japanese brands that didn't get the memo. Center right yes. The prime minister is a from a right party. On average since the election, Macron's popularity went down with French people voting left, and raised (or didn't went down as much) with French people voting right. There is no establishment. The classic left party just died while the classic right party still hasn't found anyone popular enough to represent them. Macron isn't very popular during his exercice, but it has been like this for French presidents recently. If nothing changes, Macron may very likely win the next election. Things can change fast though. Thanks for your advices. I'm actually planning to have a single node proof of authority, because I don't need high availability. I will have a queue, and a single node signing stuff one by one. The idea is to have something very simple and cost efficient. Apollo Universal Starter Kit sounds nice, I knew about Apollo but not about this. Thanks ! Thanks, I think I will go with NodeJS. Elixir and the ErlangVM are a bit too exotic for this project and me, but it does sound interesting. I will probably try it out for something simpler in the future. Thanks. I am not sure. Most car makers are releasing shitty hybrids to pass the emissions tests, but not really invested in electric vehicles for now. Linux touchscreen like a MacBook : the perfect driver has been there from the beginning! It's located at /dev/null Perhaps there is better datasets for sale. The added information compared to what Google or Apple are collecting is perhaps ODB metrics, but I'm not sure whether ODB metrics of gaz cars have a lot of value. It's too time consuming and risky for a company. So you haven't tried VR? You have smartphones uploading location data and browser history every day for years and it almost goes unnoticed. I feel lucky to live in a part of the world where good education is free. In France, you even get some money and an apartment from the state if you need it to study. Yes, we had got 6 AMD first gen Ryzen CPUs at my old job. Some of them were super instable on Linux. I tried a few magic solution and tricks but they always crashed eventually. In my new job, I have a co-worker who is an AMD fan boy. He also had a first gen Razen CPU on his workstation. He got an Intel CPU after one crash and everything is fine since. He is still upset about it. Though he got a new Ryzen CPU at home and he says it's stable. Some were stable. Some were crashing after a random amount of time. Usually days. No kernel panic, just nothing. It didn't depend on the load, and whatever option you put on the kernel. We changed power supply and ram, and we eventually gave up. Yes I think so. I changed job since. I guess they still crash or have been disposed. I think it was both hardware and software, since some were working well and the crashing ones were working better on Windows. The images are cut on mobile. ~~Yes, because it's pretty shitty for Europe.~~ I didn't understand well, sorry. Oh right, it's before the state unemployment. Then I don't know. Yes, it's overly complex for beginners. I wanted to play with Nvidia's real-time raytracing. They have a nice tutorial to show a triangle. https://developer.nvidia.com/rtx/raytracing/dxr/DX12-Raytrac... https://developer.nvidia.com/rtx/raytracing/dxr/DX12-Raytrac... It's not a fair competition to have in the same category a mobile device with a touchscreen and a laptop with a tiny touchbar. It's still there, you need to use the old mouse configuration interface. Meh. Today's battery technology is better than this IMHO. A 80kWh battery and a network of 150kW fast chargers works very well. I wouldn't use anything gaz related for my electric cars, especially during winter. It's not as reliable, it's more expensive, it smells, and it's more dirty. The people upset about the 5G electromagnetic waves should start wearing sunscreen. Scaleway or OVH (kimsufi) offer 2vCPU and 2GB of ram for around 3€ to 4€ per month. With a 80$/month vm on Azure, you may get some CPU cycles but dont expect a lot of storage IOs. Azure is particularly shitty and slow if you don't spend a lot. In my experience a 3€ Scaleway vm is better than much more expensive Azure or AWS vms. You don't get as many cloud features though. Scaleway and OVH also have cheap bare metal offers if you don't like to share. They aren't though. You have a cache. Perhaps but thankfully not all webapps are like Facebook. > This website uses cookies for basic traffic analytics stuff, plus extra stuff so we can maybe show you design sprint ads in the future. At least it's honest. We should find a solution about cookies. So JavaScript processors? To be fair, Github doesn't make much available on mobile. Not even a full readme. It's a shame their mobile website is so useless. I believe real-time raytracing will change everything once cheap hardware can do it. It may take a while to get it on mobile, but for PC and consoles, I'm not sure all AAA in 10 years will have old fashioned light maps. Check first if it applies for your mom. Many but not all countries celebrate it today. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mother%27s_Day And forget her next mother day. Have you tried WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)? After many years on Mac and then Linux, I switched to Windows and it's actually fine. If you have static lights in a static world with pre-computed raytraced lights, yes it doesn't change that much. But once you have a dynamic world and dynamic lights, it's a game changer. Minecraft with raytracing is a great example. It's so much better with raytracing compared to simple shaders. I also heard that it will make game development a lot smoother and faster in the futur once most hardware will be powerful enough. No need to build lightmasses, no ambiant occlusion hacks and similar, no reflections with approximate results. Kubernetes makes way more problems than what it solves in my company. We even migrated to another cloud provider, hoping for a better managed kubernetes. We ended up with different bugs and issues and a worse than useless support in a different timezone, in addition to a much more expensive cloud bill. You also have the Citroën AMI that is available since yesterday. They will probably not attempt to compete against AWS on everything but focus on the core cloud technologies using off the shelf software and hardware. An alternative of EC2, S3, and ELB is already interesting and many companies provide that with fewer employees. No need to waste resources on products such as AWS Greengrass, or AWS Lumberyard, or even AWS EKS. Some cloud providers have a lot fewer employees and are doing well. They don't have as many features compared to EC2 and VPC but it's not a major problem for them. Yes I'm thinking about smaller players. I would bet GCP will be cancelled before most of the small players give up. Perhaps a message queue as well. This is good for the environment. This is bad for the environment. I'm a programmer and I love unreal's blueprint. Unreal's c++ on the other hand, I hate it. It's a bit obvious that some major cloud providers are very expensive when consumer hardware provided so much better performances compared to price for years. But they can have such a pricing model. What they offer is good and valuable anyway. And you need to pay Jeff Bezos. You are not alone, this is very unsafe in my humble opinion. Renault is experimenting that with the Zoé. Probably others manufacturers are doing it as well. https://easyelectriclife.groupe.renault.com/en/outlook/energ... The web is not only html documents rendered server-side though. You need much more advanced interactions. Even HN would have a poor usability with only server side rendering. It's easy to criticize now that we have some good data. In my humble opinion, lockdowns were decided in Europe because governments started to plan for the worse since China's data was definitely not trustable anymore. Great work! It's interesting to see that Windows XP's blue and gradients design didn't age well compared to Mac OS X's blue and gradients. Even though you don't like to do an addition, I think you must use UTC on servers. It is for example better to use the UTC timezone when you complain to your cloud provider with a support in another timezone. It can also help to find poorly developed software that ignores timezones before it's too late. My attempt from many years ago in GWAAAAAAAH. A brainfuck like programming language, for crazy rabbits where most characters are ignored and only for style. DAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhh ? Rooooaaahahhahah!! GAAAAAAAGAAAAAAAAAAGAAAGAWWWWOM! GAAH!! GAH AAAAAAAH! Haaaaaooa BrrooaAAAH GAAH WWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!! GeeaaahH! AAAH OOOOOOH BlOOOOOOOOpppH GAH! GobidoaaahH ! Why would your employer decide what you do on your spare time? Oh yes I didn't read well, my bad. It's supposed to sound like raving rabbids. I need to create and operate a market place. Liberty, equality and fraternity yes. For humans, for their safety. Who the fuck cares about Amazon's margins? In the real world, most people don't do TDD at work. In my opinion it's a good tool in some cases, for simple algorithms or when you know exactly what you want. But most of the time it's too cumbersome or totally not practical. So you should not force yourself to do TDD for the sake of it. That's also why you only find toys examples, where TDD is a good idea for them. It's a yelling programming language. Lowercase characters are ignored. In my opinion, the most common mistake is not in the article : using kubernetes when you don't need to. Kubernetes has a lot of pros or the papers but in practice it's not worth it for most small and medium companies. Oh yes. Managed kubernetes is full of various issues. Some major cloud providers sell very poor managed kubernetes. If someone knows about a reliable managed kubernetes, please let me know. Golang's concurrency can be much more cumbersome in some cases. const foo = await Promise.all(randomArray.map(bar)); I would have to google stuff to know where to start for the golang version. Yes it's expensive but it's super easy to sell. It's also my only electronic purchase that got more value with time. It's so cool that I would recommend to buy it at the current price if you can afford it. Well if you don't see a proper competitor to the OP-1, there is nothing else available at any price point. Yes you can buy other instruments for 1000 pounds, but not anything like an OP-1. Me too I would love to see proper competitors. It depends on the airport and the airline. *In USA. The brand is absent from most countries. The original comment isn't about the value of the brand according to Forbes, but the strength of the brand. I just say that the brand is strong only in USA but not so much outside. Not many people care about or even know the brand in most countries. So it's not a lot of strength worldwide even though it's valuable in Forbes and very strong in USA. Coca-Cola or Apple are much more strong worldwide. I simply disagree that's a strong brand worldwide because it's only a USA brand. Sorry I didn't want to upset you. You can also apply multiple box-shadow on the same element separated by commas if you want even more control on the shadow. box-shadow: 0 18px 16px -15px rgba(0,0,0,0.3), 0 10px 10px -20px rgba(0,0,0,0.8); We need 3D buttons with raytracing ! In Norway where chargers are a lot more common, it's not an issue. Of course if I want to charge at 4pm at a popular place it may be a queue but most of the times many chargers are available and functional. Yes, the windows store is terrible. Can you run Docker and systemd on it? It's easy to say so when it's not your business. What about pledging to respect privacy? I do and it's great. It doesn't have some MQTT features sush as persisted messages or QOS 2 but if you don't need that, it's a fine MQTT broker. Indeed I'm a bit confused. I remembered about having to find a workaround because I couldn't use retained messages. It's actually not working only for subscribers with wildcards : https://github.com/rabbitmq/rabbitmq-mqtt/issues/154 I work in IoT and I have no idea how Azure Digital Twins can be helpful. This is too much advertising talk and not technical enough. It's a metaphor to illustrate than someone can suddenly disappear. It can be a bus, a plane crash, a murder, jail time. It happens once a while. I have not used it for years. I simply prefer relational databases after all. When a document database makes sense, it happens, I go with CouchDB. Its multi-primary architecture is attractive compared to MongoDB with a single primary node. But I'm thinking about using PostgreSQL and jsonb next time. /cgi-bin/ >All of these capabilities are being released under the Timescale License, our source-available license that permits broad usage, except for where organizations are providing TimescaleDB-as-a-service. So it's not open-source because AWS hasn't been nice with ElasticSearch and they don't want to be in the same situation? Windows 10 with WSL if you have a laptop. Debian or similar or ArchLinux if you have a desktop. I understand but for laptops it's pretty bad these days if you want all features your laptop is providing, and a good energy management. On mobile it's much better with Android, but Android isn't adapted to laptops. I haven't tried ChromeOS but it's pretty restricted from what I understood. WSL2 on Windows is Linux and it works great for me but I understand if you don't want windows in your life. Probably. My ThinkPad has so many issues and unsupported features according to the ArchLinux wiki that I don't even want to try. Yes, what they mean is that on windows you can get krita for free outside of the windows store or steam. While on Android most users are stuck with the Google Play store because it's very difficult to use another store. PowerBI is quite nice too. Some laptops are designed to be open when running, like the asus rog zephyrus. The Jepsen analysis : https://jepsen.io/analyses/mongodb-4.2.6 Some cooling openings are open only when the laptop is open. So the laptop is very thin for transport and well cooled when open. You can run it closed but it's not cooled very well. It doesn't look very safe with the batteries inside under the passenger seats. Converting classic cars to EV makes sense, especially if their engine is very broken, but I'm not sure it's very interesting to convert cheap common cars when similar and much better EV exist. Someone is doing the labeling. It must be an exciting task. There is Vivaldi, but I haven't checked whether they removed most google services. You may want to delete this comment too. You should read the French article if you can read French. It contains a lot more information. https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peste_de_Marseille_(1720) The risk is low for most dependencies. They have experienced the left-pad drama. I would rather have to fix my dependencies and have broken builds for a short while than having to maintain a npm cache. If you don't want Hyper-V, you can run easily run docker in virtualbox with boot2docker, using docker-machine. Or you can setup a docker linux vm in vmware. Please pray to Xavier Niel : https://imgur.com/a/J8d74VT It's legacy though. But I also notice that docker-machine isn't really updated anymore. Your architecture. For example by generating static html documents stored in S3 and delivered through a CDN, you can handle tons of visits at almost no cost. A WordPress server with many plug-ins without cache on a slow VM will cost more and will be overloaded very quickly. > Kindie (Kubernetes Individual) is an opinionated Kubernetes cluster setup for individuals or small business. I do think small business and individual shouldn't use kubernetes because it's too much overhead. Even if it's managed in a public cloud. It has too many issues with too little benefits. It's simply not worth it. Of course if writing YAML files in YAML and golang templates, or having to deal with network errors for no reason is your thing, go for it. For sure, the learning curve is too steep. It's improved with the visual editor but wikipedia is too difficult if you want to participate actively. I see that AWS IoT Greengrass is missing. https://aws.amazon.com/greengrass/ I may be wrong but from what I understood, it's more or less a way to manage AWS Lambda functions (cgi-bin scripts), Docker, and a MQTT client connected to AWS on your GNU/Linux devices (raspbian on a raspberry pi for example, or a x86 pc). However you still need Ansible or similar to manage the device so the actual value is kinda low because if you have a setup to manage the device, it's not much more work to manage docker and a mqtt client yourself. About running AWS Lambda functions on a the device, I think it makes sense for AWS to check the box "IoT edge computing with AWS Lambda" but unless you have a huge codebase in AWS lambda, it seems to be a bad idea. In one sentence : "vendor locked half baked IoT platform". The IoT world is full of vendor locked solutions and platforms that you must avoid. And the joke "the S in IoT stands for Security" is very very true, though AWS Greengrass is actually pretty good for security, if you don't mind sending all your data to a USA company of course. I would recommend to go opensource and skip the platforms that try to lock you in. There is a lot of solutions depending on how low-level you want to be. Like HomeAssistant if you want high level, or a Mosquitto MQTT broker and NodeRed and some dongles on a Raspberry pi if you want to be lower level. Are non-js users a thing? I feel like no non technical user disables javascript and the few who do can enable it again if required. Yes I know you do. I also disable JavaScript by default on my mobile. But we are on Hacker News, we don't represent the average user. I think the article makes a lot of fun about the product and is obviously described as a funny and expensive scam between the lines : "So what's different between it and a virtually identical 'crystal' USB key available from various suppliers in Shenzhen, China, for around £5 per key?" asks Ken Munro, whose company, Pen Test Partners, specialises in taking apart consumer electronic products to spot security vulnerabilities. And the answer appears to be a circular sticker. "Now, we're not 5G quantum experts but said sticker looks remarkably like one available in sheets from stationery suppliers for less than a penny each," he says. Have you tried column based databases such as Cassandra, HPE vertica, or Clickhouse? Have you tried a "big data" approach like Apache Spark on parquet files? Did you consider saving less data? Do you really need to save that much data? Can't you sample the data and save a lot less while keeping the same information overall ? I would try first with these columns based databases but I think you should consider saving less data. Doing what you want is definitely possible but it may be expensive, and if it's only because one non technical co-worker would love to query so much data for his reports, perhaps you should try to show him the cost once you tried a few technologies. Querying less data but saving everything is also an alternative. With Clickhouse you can specify a sampling rate for example. I agree 9 months is way too long but do you think you could build it in 2 weeks with no-code ? I can see an experienced developer doing that in 2 weeks with little code, but no code ? If so, can you tell me what kind of products would you use ? I'm interested for some personal projects. You can do like what Videolan is doing for VLC: the president reply to the lawyers that they have no power there. I searched a bit but I didn't find the message I remembered where the Videolan president said that he was replying to the lawyers. However, here is a similar comment (in French) from him in which he wrote that he isn't scared of replying to the patents lawyers himself. https://old.reddit.com/r/france/comments/736ghk/ama_je_suis_... And here is the legal page of Videolan that some American lawyers may not appreciate. https://www.videolan.org/legal.html I read that the loss of the connection is very likely hardware related but I wouldn't be surprised if SpaceX simply doesn't want to livestream something that may crash with a high probability. Nothing to do with the anti-science flat earth movement. I use it to block HTTP by default. It still hurt me a bit to say it, but I have a really smooth experience with Linux on Windows 10 thanks to WSL2, the new Windows terminal, and the integration with VS Code. I use Linux a lot on desktop through windows and I have almost none of the issues listed there. Windows has other issues but not as annoying or time consuming to fix for me. What is going on with the pictures of girls in this linuxreviews.org website ? We save the keys in a cloud vault. For the most important keys I also print them on paper, in text and in a QR-Code (that I generate with an offline tool). It is then placed into a physical safe. This is in case we lose access to our cloud vault, or if the keys are deleted from the cloud vault. I'm quite sure SpaceX can afford the commercial license of Qt. It's simply that right now, web is the best. Far from perfect, but the best. Should we tell them about the electric vans that we have in Europe for years? Like the Nissan e-ev200 and the Renault Kangoo ZE. Or the PSA vans planned for this year? These vans don't sell to people doing road trips while sleeping inside. They are for municipalities, local companies, and post deliveries. I don't think it's a lot different in America but I may be wrong. I would say the mains advantages are : * write once, run everywhere. * the amount of tools and libraries. * Modern javascript is better than c++ or python for UI * the availability of good web developers OVH's support is not great but at least it's cheap and they have some transparency. Azure and AWS have shitty support too for small customers but they are expensive. Hetzner is nice. We also have Scaleway in the same category. They are called ESN now. Same shit. Usually you migrate to a better country to improve your life. USA is attractive in some ways, but also unattractive in some other ways that are personal to everyone. For me the salaries in the silicon Valley are very attractive, but the social issues in the country makes me prefer Europe. Even though my salary is ridiculously low compared to USA. How encrypted and private is the encrypted data in such systems? When I looked at encrypted databases, the real ones, not the encrypted at rest databases, I read comments saying that the crypto was relatively too weak to have any use outside research. That it is a neat research topic, it will be great eventually, but it's not ready for production. So I went with the classic and simple solution : encrypt with aes256gcm, and decrypt and reencrypt if I manipulate the data. Does a system like cingulata offers encryption as strong or better than aes256gcm? Thanks for the explanation. The byte code analogy made me understand the technology a lot better. I guess only experts should chose the parameters. The old joy of watching logs of a stupid GNU script checking basic features of the GNU C compiler. Just in case someone installed a compiler that had a different implementation. Indeed. Helm offers great features but it suffers from the kubernetes unnecessary complexity and by using golang templates in YAML. When I started with kubernetes I converted my small Docker compose files to kubernetes files. Later I rewrote everything in helm charts. Now it's almost more YAML and golang templates lines than business logic lines in my applications. I'm considering to go back to Docker compose files. It's simple, readable, and easy to maintain. If a NPM package requires a C++ compiler, I ignore it and move on. I do trust the C++ of V8 and NodeJS because it's used by many and well tested in the field. I do not trust a random npm package with C++. C++ is way too level and insecure and it's not worth it. If the user interacts with the frame it should go well. You generate html from the markdown. Github can do it after a few clicks or you can setup actions yourself. My ThinkPad does not at all. I would suggest to ignore them. You read it 10 times and you are fine, it's always the same. It's actually an old webkit feature. There is a NPM package lodash.debounce if you only want this feature from lodash. Lodash is available splitted in many small packages. Because it's one line to a dependency with a name, a documentation, a bug tracker, many users, and that could be improved in the future. If you are scared about packages behaving differently, you should know that npm has lock files that describes your full dependency tree with versions and checksums. You don't see random network errors, often visible with DNS, on your Azure managed kubernetes clusters? Instead of writing types, you write tests. You need rigorous tests anyway. Typescript is checking types only at compile time if I'm not mistaken and what it detects is only a set of problems. Yes it's nice that you can detect some types errors thanks to typescript, but is the development overhead worth it? With eslint, sonarqube, and tests, I think typescript is not that useful and annoying to use. For example I contributed to Typescript's definitely typed project in the past. To make typescript more useful. But I ended up spending so much time writing type definitions. After all, I rather have some NaN or "undefined is not a function" exceptions during development. Yes, you have the illusion of type safety but all you need is a slightly different JSON from an API to realize that typescript isn't that interesting. I agree it's important to document. But if you need types to understand what's the code doing, there is a problem. JSON can be compressed very well and while your advices are very good, once you compress it's not very important anymore. Once Richard Stallman gave me a GPLv3 sticker. I have been contaminated and I can only write GPLv3 since. Academia isn't dying and you can definitely build a lot of things that are much more advanced than what most companies are doing. Now if you want these things to be used right now, yes academia isn't the environment you are looking for. I didn't have to read past the title because I'm doing web front-ends. You can ban the IP adresses from Google. Alternative article : landlord wants to quick families out during covid19 crisis so he can buy a new SUV. Why should I use this Bing proxy instead of DuckDuckGo or Qwant? That's like a rounding error of their cloud bill. The best view to sort pictures ! Java is a very strong programming language in corporate environments. A few years ago nobody would suggest using rust, or even golang. These languages were too young. Java is much safer than c++ and much cheaper to maintain. Also the performances overhead of the JVM is not a problem at all for big data, since you can scale horizontally and cloud cost isn't really an issue. Having good c++ developers and having a high quality code base in c++ over the years is more expensive. I don't like Java that much and I play more in golang and rust these days. If I had to decide which programming language to use for a large company for very long term project, I would answer Java without any doubt. Or C#. In WebAssembly for example. Deciding to implement such a feature is a bit weird too. Sometimes you must say no. If you are the author, you should use requestAnimationFrame instead of a setTimeout. It will run a lot better on all devices. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/window/requ... The classic high availability setup for postgresql is to have standby instances, usually one, ready to become the new primary if the primary goes down. https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/high-availability.ht... I used CouchDB in a project because the high availability was much better on the paper, but I think postgresql would have been fine after all. Good managed postgresql options with high availability are in many public clouds. The whole thing sounds like a terrible idea. Why would you want to put all the data from at least 65 different applications in the same table? In MongoDB? To save cost? I simply don't get it. It doesn't make sense to me, but perhaps they know something we don't. I would collect data and push events to a new system, not migrate 65 relational databases to a single nosql database. From the description, I didn't watch the video, loading the database and querying it is enough to run the exploit. To compare with your example, it would be like having a remote exploit if your application queries a specific http endpoint. For sure application developers could sandbox the http library, sqlite, or stop using libraries developed in so unsafe programming languages but it's a bit too early for that. Nobody wears a mask in Norway. I feel like deepl.com still produce more natural translations. It will not disappear. If you don't own a car, renting is interesting. In my city we have a few car sharing solutions. My favorite one is non-profit and provide electric jaguars, vans, and family cars. Another one is owned by the state and provides eletric Renault everywhere in the city. They are very great solution in my opinion and it doesn't have the issues of classic car rentals. It takes seconds to rent one through an app and you don't need to see any human. The weekly JavaScript/NPM bashing thread is there. I started to fill my bingo grid. It's very repetitive and such a minor problem isn't enough to justify a red flag in my humble opinion. Almost 100% of dependencies are hosted on npm. So the CI should fail and you wait for npm to fix the issue. In the unlikely scenario that npm it gone forever, you can still get the dependencies from a previous build or a random developer laptop, or Github. If you must build and deploy a version of your software while npm is down, which is unlikely but may happen, well you may have to skip the CI and build from a developer laptop. Indeed you can't trust that many people and check all the code of that many dependencies. It's a chain of trust, but how is it different than other parts of your stack? Do you trust every employee working on the Intel CPU microcode? Every maintainer of the Linux kernel? The people who maintain the glibc? The developers of V8 and nodejs? Do you do the same for your database? Your cloud provider? The codebase of your business partners? I would guess you don't, despite most of what I cited being highly critical in terms of security, and some being written in memory unsafe programming languages with tons of critical issues all the time. If a NPM dependencies goes rogue, you will get notified. It will also do the frontpage of HN and be mentioned in a comment of news about javascript for years. But what will most likely happen : a maintainer will fix the issue. If the maintainer is in jail because s•he killed someone, well, someone else can still maintain it or someone else will fork it and other maintainers will use the fork. In practice when a NPM dependencie of your project has a security issue, all you have to do is to accept a pull request from a robot on Github. I know it's not perfect, but it's really not that bad. Why? The amount of npm dependencies has little to do with why you disable javascript by default. Do you really care if some website uses a dependency from npm or some copy pasted code ? What does it change for you as an user? It's another thing that may be an issue, but is it? My smartphone runs these bloated players just fine. I think this is a good thing. I'm not a fan of removing the master name, because master has more meanings than in the slavery context and its other meanings fit well the metaphor of master in IT. But they have not removed the master term. Only the slave term, which can go away. I will not miss it, it always felt weird to use this metaphor. It's not about banning the word slave, we need this word, but the term slave in IT that is not necessary. The best newspapers with large editorial boards around the world do not produce that much a day. Produce high quality content on a regular basis and I think you can safely ignore this nonsense. The screen is disappointing to me. Sure it has a high resolution but it's not oled, only 60Hz, and still doesn't support touch inputs. You don't need to compare it to anything when the specifications says 60Hz or no oled. That's probably true, maybe some customers prefer more accurate colours. Personally I prefer higher contrast or a smooth display (I don't think a laptop oled display with 120hz or more exists yet). Tesla has big batteries but many other cars have large batteries too. Like the Jaguar ipace, the Audi étron, the Mercedes EQC, or the hyundai kona... About the size of the motors, the Tesla one are actually not that big. Which is a good thing. I'm talking about the size and not the max power output indeed. If you use Linux: cat /proc/sys/kernel/random/uuid I edited, it's a Linux feature. You can use the UUID v4 as a secret I guess. I have done it a long time ago. I think you will spend more on electricity than a cheap VPS at Scaleway, OVH (kimsufi), or Hetzner. It's beaten by many European cloud providers. 3.5$ for 512mb of ram and 1 slow vcpu is not competitive at all. Your version isn't very true though. Most operating systems have virtual memory. I don't think one could use HN's credentials outside HN. There isn't a Oauth2 API or equivalent as far as I know. I usually prefer to not mention something immediately rather than teaching something wrong. In general sharing passwords to a third party website is a red flag. HN may blacklist your servers for security. In general social networks like Facebook, Twitter, reddit, Github, LinkedIn,etc use Oauth2 for better security. But you may have more chance if you build an open-source desktop app, using electron if you want to use web technologies. It's definitely not cheap. As always with AWS. Myself to find a cure to all cancers by 2030. Please invest. It's a snarky comment. A 10 years plan to go electric is engaging only the people who believes in it. By the way to give a scale, Lyft is 8 years old. The Nissan Leaf is 10 years old. Today you have tons of different eletric cars on the market. They could go electric a lot sooner if they were forced. True. My snarky comment wasn't directed towards another member but I guess being snarky with corporations being lame is not allowed by the rules. The popular meme section is totally overfitted. It even reproduces the artefacts of the Jpeg compression on the surprised pikachu. I either use JavaScript or a strongly typed programming language in a strongly typed environment but not something between. The problem is when the host goes down. Most kubernetes installations will handle that. Is it worth the administration overhead? Perhaps for a large company. Safari on iOs is a bit special. Some features are missing compared to the Mac version. You also need quite a few safari ios specific code if you want to build a web app. But this is a bit broken since Apple wants you to publish to the appstore and not release web apps anymore. You also need a Mac to debug safari on iOs. I hate Safari. Don't be too elitist and scared, machine learning developers using Cuda and WSL are far from the windows non technical average user. You can take a look at the Github issues for Microsoft's projects related to WSL if you don't believe me. They are normal developers like you and me. It's an historical term, we say extreme because they are at the extremities of the hemicycles. I would guess that once compressed, binary represented as hex strings don't take much more space than base64 strings. Probably still a bit more than the compressed binary though. Oh yes indeed. It's the website that also returns wrong responses to the cloudfare DNS 1.1.1.1 You should stop using Brave and archive.is IMHO I would guess it's because it's expensive to have a lot of DC power on long distances. On a smaller scale, I remember the fist generation of the online.net dedibox to have one power supply for two servers. I don't know whether it was a good idea, I think they haven't done it since. I think it's a good design, I am working on a side project with pretty much the same architecture. I like that you consider the username as PII, it totally makes sense. What do you use to generate the symmetric key from the password? I'm considering to use argon2id in WebAssembly. I'm also using JWE (JSON Web Encryption) and JOSE librairies so I don't have to go too deep in the crypto implementation. Did you consider it? The usages are differents. You weren't doing much on your old computer compared to what people are doing today on their smartphone. I think they do exist. Ruby on Rails and similar for example. Microsoft Access and similar is a bit older but does that too I guess. It's a mistery to me too. For sure if you remove the scalability challenges and profits optimizations techniques, these websites aren't that exciting for engineers. It's because AWS is designed in a such a way that it's very easy to spend a lot, and very difficult to know why. I'm sure they will respect their customers' privacy. It's about time. It's not acceptable. You should respect the author and his fears and remove the link. From a business point of view, it makes sense to waste a few days once in a while to support it. But sometimes you can't support it without huge hacks like implementing everything on CPU with WebAssemply. For example MediaSource is disabled on Safari for iPhones (but enabled since a few months for iPads). I think the only reason is to force developers to publish apps in the AppStore. Which is a pain. I would say the technology has some issues. For example when you don't include enough black people in your training dataset, probably by simply not thinking about it, it can make the algorithm a bit racist. Example : https://twitter.com/Chicken3gg/status/1274314622447820801 Works well on Firefox on Android. I don't understand why it shows Chinese characters. Assuming utf-8, English characters are a lot more compact than Chinese characters. So we can't really compare. Otherwise it's a good idea and it works, but it's super slow, only working for English text, and the system requirements are huge. I like it. Aren't safari users more rich on average, and more willing to spend money on your website? If you need to track your visitors without thinking about their privacy, perhaps your business model isn't great. Combined with the Subresource Integrity ( https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subres... ) I feel like it's a solid solution to trust webpages today. What do you think ? Why do you want them to rely on the company DNS servers? About the fans noise and the microphone, Nvidia RTX Voice is great to remove noise. I wonder whether an open-source alternative for Linux exists. But if you work on windows and have a Nvidia RTX GPU, I can recommend it. 50 000$ isn't modest in most parts of the world. I'm surprised that paying the ransom is a thing. This is a very selfish thing to do, as you encourage the authors of such attacks. Please. I understand that extreme left people can be super annoying but they never threatened me to kill my family and my friends. The old Microsoft Surface 2, renamed later PixelSense when the Microsoft marketing department decided to launch a new product with the exact same name than an existing product, had a display which was an infrared camera. Each pixel was also an infrared light sensor. The fact is that extreme right people did threaten me, my family, my friends. Today and in the past. Yes if I go trigger the worst kind of people on the worst social network, I will get mean messages. But I don't do that. Eyeglasses. It's actually very useful and relaxing to not see the life in blur. That's way too expensive for many people though. It's interesting. Can you easily deploy a Godot ui to the web? It doesn't contain the list of people I am friend with on Facebook, and people I'm very likely to be friend with, while I'm not friend on Facebook. It doesn't contain my GPS coordinates over years. It doesn't contain the list of my interests, based on my likes and the tracking of my web browsing. It doesn't contain an analysis of the conversations with my friends and family. It doesn't contain the pictures of my weekends and holidays, uploaded by other people. It doesn't contain my face. However it's still quite bad and such dataset shouldn't be available like this. What if a friend install such an app? It's what happened. What if a quiz app could not require so much knowledge about privacy by design? Facebook is responsible. I know some people who do that. They are still single years later, but they saved a lot of money. The air traffic control sector is very dubious about AI in general because they need situation awareness at any time, and they don't want to rely on a system that will eventually fail. Did sighbit measure the situation awareness of lifeguards with and without their solution? Are they sure lifeguards will not rely on the AI, potentially miss obvious distressed swimmers, and be useless when the system completely fail? Will the lifeguards who always used this system will be trained and not panic when the system will fail, for example because of a power outage? There is no reason to continue to support old versions for a few users only. Until you need to buy thousands of boards. And having a maintained software stack for a long time has a very high value in my humble opinion. This is a bit concerning that for a company with a marketing so focus on privacy, you guys thought it was a good idea to have such a service. Nobody in the company at any point thought that it could be a problem? Your strict privacy policy mean nothing by the way, because you are a USA company and you must respect your local laws such as the patriot act, which are not very privacy friendly. It will be hacked like the Tesla are hacked. It's explained in this French PDF : http://www.eurojust.europa.eu/press/Documents/2020-07-02_Enc... No, but you can consider donating and if your app is popular, you should probably switch to a commercial tileserver such as mapbox. https://operations.osmfoundation.org/policies/tiles/ The latter is indeed very surprising. I'm considering to submit a few for fun. I used to drive a hydrogen car once in a while a few years ago. It was nice to fill the car in a few minutes and get about 300km of range, but that was it. With the hydrogen you have so few refueling stations, they are very expensive, that range anxiety is a thing. To not improve things, reliability is very poor. My work had a hydrogen refueling station on its parking. It was often broken and actually a bit scary to walk past it. They eventually removed it, which was a good call. Another hydrogen station sharing the same design exploded a few months later. The hydrogen car sales dropped from not much to virtually zero since in the country. So to resume, hydrogen cars are expensive, refueling stations are expensive, the energy is expensive. Electric cars with large batteries are a much better solution to hydrogen cars IMHO. You can charge everywhere, the eletric grid is very will developped, the energy is cheap. The cars are also much more powerful thanks to the large batteries pack, it's useless but it feels nice. Transporting hydrogen is expensive. It also has a tendency to leak. Sure when the batteries burn it's a problem. But the batteries don't burn that often. For example, when a diesel car did burn inside an airport parking in Stavanger, many electric cars did burn as well but not their batteries. It's a shame Huawei isn't allowed to have Google services on Android anymore. Their flagships smartphones have the best cameras in test, by far. But an Android phone without Google is not very attractive in the western world. Will it also run slower and slower until you know that you can pay Apple to replace its battery, or buy a new one? It doesn't sound better. However you have to debug 75% of the websites you visit to enable back javascript. True, but do you need that feature often? When you drive 600km, it's okay to take a break to charge the car. Also Toyota hybrids are not very responsive and fast. And they smell. Eventually I think you will probably prefer an EV with a large battery that can charge fast. An ICE engine is expensive to buy and maintain, and heavy. The reliability is also not perfect when you almost never use it. If you bike or drive behind a Toyota, you can notice the smoke and the smell. Especially during winter. Are you sure it's not a case of selective memory? I remember old F1 races to be quite boring compared to today, if you don't care about who is going to win the constructer championship. It's perhaps not the best metric, but the number of overtakes over the year may remind you that before 2007, most GPs did look like Monaco. https://old.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/2charb/the_number... They already compete on the motor construction. Like doing a http request asynchronously? Software patents aren't a thing in ~~Europe~~ a few European countries. Sure it's difficult to ignore the American market for a company, but an independent developer could specify a state of the art video codec without thinking about patents. Edited because I didn't know that some European countries accept software patents. They use ffmpeg, which is developed by people who do not care about software patents because it doesn't apply to them. One more benefit of the brexit for mainland Europe! I didn't know about using the WTO to dispute invalide patents. I guess a WTO dispute can make sense for a Boeing software patent used by Airbus. I wonder whether the WTO would care about an independent developer. It's not very good press, but perhaps it's fine for them. The European patent office is not an official thing. It's an independent private organization that will gladly take your money to submit patents. I don't know for all contributors, but the creator is French and there is no software patents in France. They are not valid in France. Alright, I was wrong. Still strange that they issue patents that are obviously invalid. More control and pricing I guess. In France the students are paid to go to the best schools. How are they different? I don't know, I didn't pay for some time and now it's parked by a bot.