Even if you could find the original crypto header, You still need to know the password to unlock it. On iphones, the secure enclave will hold the decrypted key while its running but you need to enter the password after a reboot. This is exactly the kind of thing that is often done. Some software will just treat all months as having 30 days because it simplifies logic massively and doesn't cause that much of an issue. Also if someone had the technical capability to do this. I would be infinitely more concerned about them having an exploit which allows them to hack my next phone and grab all the data while its running. >No, there is no way to do what you're describing It could be done in a p2p way like windows updates. By default they will share update files to other devices on the local network and can also work with other devices over the internet. A bunch of plugged in iphones on wifi would be perfectly capable of distributing update files. I'm not sure how it would be crippled. Say they cap it so your iphone will upload 10% of the amount it downloads for an update. Right away we just took 10% of the load off the main Apple servers and very few people would be affected by uploading 100MB of a 1GB update over wifi. I'm not suggesting the whole thing become p2p, but that the p2p network assist the dedicated distribution servers. For me, just the local p2p would halve the number of updates pulled from Apples servers because there are 2 of the same apple product on the same local network. Obviously Apple doesn't need to do this because they are flawlessly pushing out updates every week but if they were struggling with distribution, this is a proven working system that windows uses. In this situation they could stagger the updates over the night. If you look at the network usage graphs from ISPs and such you can see that downloads drop to about 5% of the network capacity at the 00:00 - 06:00 times. There is a lot of spare capacity to push out updates at night which uses a tiny amount of data compared to the video calls and streaming that go on during waking hours. As a side note, upload rates seem to be somewhat constant at all hours. I assume it must all be IoT security cameras. On the other hand. Big tech companies forcing 2GB updates on people pushes demand for upgraded internet infrastructure. At least Google and Linux are making plans and first moves to a safer language that helps avoid these major security flaws. Windows just does this out of the box which seems to work pretty good. You have two options currently: iOS: Never ending zero days but you get an update for every device in the last 7-10 years to fix it. Android: A more secure OS especially as they integrate more components using rust. But if your device is older than 2 years, you won't receive any security fixes. So depending on your security model it changes what you should pick. If you are a high target individual or someone who upgrades their phone every year, Android is the more secure option. If you are the average person who is not being hit with state level attacks, iOS is the most secure option. Windows by default only shares within your local network. Optionally you can turn it on for the wider internet and it does not seem to use that much data in my experience. It's based on the linux kernel and many of the core components have been rewritten in rust which the google security team seems to be suggesting is the solution to these problems. I don't have any actual proof but my gut feeling is the linux kernel is better tested and has better security hardening than the ios internals. So just like PHP tutorials then. That's a fair and valid complaint. The thought that learning from copyrighted content makes new output copyrighted is pretty far fetched and wouldn't apply to a human. I think people value their code snipits way way too much. A 10 line function to post to twitter is not worth anything. Its an entire codebase that has value. Personally I'm not a huge fan because of how spaced out the text content is. So many images breaking the flow of thought. Id rather blocks of text and then a gallery of images. But you get what you get. A string of tweets is better than nothing. Perhaps it was to save money on sockets. The stores go empty because people who already have the sunk cost of a car will just drive to the next city for bigger stores at cheaper prices. I think for things to work, we need to seriously cut down the fees for selling a house. The fees and laws are set up for someone who buys/sells once every few decades. So if you move frequently, there is no way you could be a owner without taking serious losses. They can just use the data and see "50% of verified humans clicked this" and know that it is debatable or not obviously a match but not a verified not-match. Proof of work is horrific. Means someones old phone has a meltdown trying to load the page while a warehouse in china with the latest GPUs cranks out billions of proofs per second. You could even utilize botnets to get random laptops and fridges to do your PoW. > or just causing some electrons to be moved around to prove your not a bot? The problem is spam networks have more computers and more power than your phone does so any proof that you can do, spammers can do 1000x faster. PoW can sort of work when your attack to defend against is a ddos situation where an attacker has to make far more requests than the average user, but most captchas try to defend against bots being able to use the site at all which PoW can not do. I just find it very amusing that simple pictures of outside in the US are being described as "unbearably depressing". A pretty good signal that modern urban design in the US is creating very ugly and depressing spaces. >like they were taken by a decade-old smartphone. It's more that its cropped from a much larger photo and the AI has detected that something is here but it isn't 100% on which thing it is out of a few possible candidates. The sharp stuff is already clearly identified. CFC gasses where a big one. They were hugely useful for many things but were found to be breaking down ozone and were very rapidly banned effectively. There was in Australia for a short time. The topic has become poisoned though and it will be very hard to bring back with newscorp still running things. Something that almost the entire population uses all day is only using 5%? Sounds incredibly efficient. Repacking fonts to be smaller sounds about as useful as plugging a hand crank generator in to the power point. You can say this of just about everything. The problem is that everything needs to be cut down. Recently moved to the city and got rid of my car. I now walk everywhere. I feel like this has cut out a fairly significant chunk of my impact. They taste different to cane sugar / corn syrup but good/bad is subjective and something you get used to. I used to not like it but now my taste adjusted it and now I don't like the "real sugar" flavor. The problem is that we have introduced so many new chemicals recently and have seen so many unexplained changes to health. Its virtually impossible to work out which thing did what. I'm not going to stress over aspartame though. Plastics, PFOA, PTFE, processed meats, and air pollution are way above on my concern scale. If I was concerned about cancer from aspartame, I would never touch any form of alcohol again. If wood was sold as cookware designed to get to high temperatures. Yes. Its that there are so many thing we _know_ cause cancer in high rates that we still consume. So I wouldn't waste mental energy on something that maybe might cause it before cutting out everything we know causes it first. It's not that hard to say anyway. You read it as "quad a". Even a linear growth is fine. By 2030 there will be pretty much 100% adoption at this pace. There may even be a tipping point when places like India are so stretched for v4 addresses and v6 is so widespread where local sites go v6 only which triggers a much faster adoption rate on the consumer side. It's nothing critical but some ISPs use multiple layers of hacks to work IPv4 and certain types of networking become very unreliable over it. Things like long running connections will be dropped because the ISP routers do not maintain the NAT mapping forever. For github pages its probably not going to make a huge difference but for things like SSH or file transfers it could be an issue. For things like video game servers or home servers you just flat out can not work them on v4 if your ISP uses CG-NAT. Pretty sure gitlab allows for any file type to be uploaded and they also support issue only projects. It looks like there is more gameplay in getting the thing installed than the actual game. If every company suddenly decided that they now want to keep a years stock of their important parts rather than a week, the demand just went up 52x right away. It's no surprise even basic parts are sold out for the next year at least. In most cases I would agree but right now I am seeing actual shortages. In just web development, it seems like this year every single company decided is the time to expand. And when every company decided to expand at the same time, there is a shortage of workers to fill those roles since you can't just pull senior developers from thin air or unis. I was making a comfortable wage previously but this year most of my coworkers have left for other jobs and I'm on the way out too since the current job listings are close to double what I make currently. An eye watering amount of money is on the table right now. But paying more is a zero sum game. To gain developers you have to be draining them from some other company and it will take years for new supply to come in. Because farms cost $18 billion dollars each and become obsolete in less than 5 years? I'm looking at the supplier websites and trivial parts like 10 cent microcontrollers have over a year wait times. This is why I have been waiting for months to have the dryer I ordered and there is still no delivery date set. I would have no issues going out and buying the latest macbook right now but basic other products are missing. It would seem exceedingly difficult to reuse chips at scale. The software and pcb is deigned around one microcontroller in particular and it is not trivial to swap them out with others. So if I design my washing machine around a particular chip, I could order a million of them for 5 cent each, or I would have to: * somehow identify other models which have the chip * find 1 million of them about to be discarded * rip them open, desolder, collect these parts * discard the rest of the machine * do this for about 10 cents per washing machine combined with the fact that washing machines usually last a decade and will be dying out over a time period spread out over 10-20 years after manufacturing time. How on earth would it be possible to pull off and by that time, these chips will be very obsolete / impossible to order new ones. Those old and cheap chips seem to be hit the hardest. I can easily buy an M1 macbook today but buying a washing machine or a basic microcontroller is sold out for an undetermined time. With enough time I assume they will. People will get upset if they suddenly see stores selling the same product for double the price. So the stores take the loss (or really just not taking the potential profit) and then let scalpers resell them at market value while offloading all of the hate on to faceless ebay sellers. It is a shortage because there are more open positions for senior developers than there are senior developers here. Paying more won't bring senior developers out of the void because there do not exist enough to fill all positions. If all companies expand at the same time they can not possibly all fill their positions no matter what they pay. I'm talking about the whole of Australia right now (remote but country based). I can see job listings have all exploded in listed salary and every company I talk to is looking to expand. The cost and difficulty of this task is monumental and the rewards are so small. These chips literally cost cents and outside of global disasters, they are quite easy to buy in the millions. And it isn't just micro controllers that are out of stock basic passive components are missing as well. It would cost an absolute fortune to strip all of these parts off older machines. No one wants to pay $6000 for a washing machine made of scrap parts which may fail and are long since obsolete so they can no longer be reordered. I read "do you need a webserver" like "do you need one yourself" and freeloading off someone elses server like with GL pages counts as not having a webserver. Otherwise how else would you serve content? IMO its a problem that we try to keep everyone alive at all costs disregarding quality of life. I would much prefer to just die before becoming incapable of basic tasks and being kept artificially alive. Configuration adds complexity and is a huge source of confusion for users. Google drive strikes me as something that should just work and be so simple that you do not have to configure it. There does not seem to be any genuine reason to make this change a setting because the main objection is just "I don't like it" rather than "it stops me from doing x" or "it makes x harder" It would be much less painful to just have users get used to the new behavior than to support a setting for forever. For people who want full power, custom clients exist for google drive which can work however you want. We see a constant trend where users move towards products which just work rather than require manuals and configuration. Seems only sane that general public products like google drive should cater to this and if you want full power over everything, you have 3rd party clients, nextcloud, ftp, etc. Apple actually does really well at this where it matters. Their accessibility settings allow a huge amount of customization for making the devices easier to use for disabled people. They just don't have android rom style settings like changing the unlock screen to swipe down rather than up or turning the battery indicator in to a circle. What kind of evil plot do you think google is behind here? Seems like a completely legitimate change to me. Haha that UI branch name thing is hilarious. Everyone at work has the same problem and has had it for the year and a half we have been using gitlab but the gitlab devs insist it doesn't happen for them. You can workaround it by pressing the right arrow at the end of the text. GitLab pages started with the incredible idea that you could provide your own docker container and use the CI to build using whatever tools you want while github only supported jekyl at the time. A lot of that money gets spent on adding features to win sales and those features are a one time cost so they can be used for free to win new customers later. GitLab pushes hard to be the do everything tool. GitLab is not just a git hosting and collaboration tool. They want it to be the single tool you use for almost everything to do with an application including monitoring, controlling infrastructure, error logging, project management/planning, security auditing, and a bunch of other things. If you are using GitLab in a hobbyist or solo way, you are touching about 5% of the features that GitLab provides. Which is fine and a valid way to use it but its easy to see how customers justify spending big dollars on the top plan with hundreds of user licenses when the tool does so much. We even have customer support and project managers using the tool because it caters to them well. If you want you can even use gitlab to replace something like zendesk as it provides an email address which puts all emails in to a "support desk" queue. On that blue "create merge request" button on the issue page, there is a drop down arrow to let you pick a branch to start from. That text input is super buggy and often says the branch does not exist even if the name is correct. These days even peoples iot washing machines are being found to be participating in ddos attacks. Most devices are configured to randomize part of the v6 address for privacy so you can no longer see more info than ipv4 would show. I think part of the difficulty is that just receiving or denying the traffic can consume all of your resources. It really has to be denied at the ISP levels before it reaches your router. It's not just 250Gbps, its 250 on top of normal usage. Most ISPs run a fairly efficient setup where they are only paying for a little bit over the average usage. At least with this way, you don't have to hang on to bad ideas and specs for eternity. A bad crate can easily be swapped out for a better one and future developers won't have to remember which is the good date functions. These days you just ship it in a flatpak which is easy to install on any system. Distro specific packaging is a relic these days. As if the Google AI is smart enough to understand context anyway. If you are going to use google services, set a calendar reminder to download the takeout dump very frequently. It's pretty easy to do and saves you in these cases. IMO there needs to be some kind of minimum allowed customer support when handling user data. If you can't provide real support for free, then remove the free plan. If everyone has to then they are all equal again. It's just wrong to trick people in to trusting a service with their data and then yanking it with no support contact. The solution is government regulation. It should not be legal for Google to host peoples important data and yank it without any way for the person to get their data back.' Google should be legally required to either provide a phone number to call, or make the Takeout feature always available regardless of account bans. No, its like saying they should not be allowed to serve expired food and let x% of people end up sick. They should either serve safe to eat food or no food at all. You can use everything and just dump your account data frequently with Google Takeout. It's super simple to use and provides the data in a format you can easily upload to alternatives. Google drive and photos are my primary data copy and the .tgz dumps are my backup. You can easily get your data out frequently from here https://takeout.google.com/settings/takeout Encrypted data is too much of a pain because it breaks cross platform integrations. I mostly upload files via my ipad and phone which are unable to encrypt the data. It also prevents you from previewing things without downloading the full file first. I have been doing a takeout every month. Do you really want to lose 6 months worth of files in a disaster? That's why you do it on a schedule and already have the dump downloaded before your account is flagged. That's easy to fix. You have a government body that takes complaints and if a company receives too many complaints over their customer service, they must pay a penalty. I wish someone would make a wireless split keyboard. I have the ergodox but I ended up replacing it with the logitech mx keys because I was sick of having cables all over my desk and having to unplug the thing every time I switch between my desktop and laptop. Interesting product. Little bit ugly but it does seem to be what I wanted. I actually had a usb switch setup going on but the problem was I had cables everywhere and still had to plug everything in to the laptop. Now I just plug in power and video and the rest is just wireless. There is a decent kurzgesagt video explaining what transforming a new planet would look like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-WO-z-QuWI Essentially it would be almost infinitely easier to reverse all climate change on earth than to make another planet livable but it is in theory possible. Hourly priced electricity will be the future. Solar is creating this huge abundance of power during the day and electric cars are basically a huge grid of batteries. Since you are not using your car for the majority of the day and usually not during the middle of the day where peak solar kicks in, you can just plug your car in every time you leave it parked and then a charge controller sits and does nothing until power prices drop to the expected lowest price before charging. With some kind of fail safe where they charge anyway if no expected low occurred. But another problem is that road construction itself is a huge cause of greenhouse gas emissions and isn't solved at all by electric cars. Only fewer and lighter cars would make things better. Personally I think electric scooters could replace a fair bit of car travel. The little sit down ones are sufficient to get you around for most trips and carry a bags worth of stuff. Registration fees should be based on vehicle weight to match the cost of the damage done to the roads. I have been using my Bose bt headphones for 3 years now and they still seem as good as the day I got them. No noticeable battery issues. Not only a proxy. The other random devices use their known location to add to the data to show where the device was found. It’s all encrypted with the key of the lost device owner so apple can not read it. I suspect Microsoft paid attention to how much marketing and hype comes around every iOS/android/macOS update and wanted in on that action. Now Microsoft can release a new number every year with its own marketing page and give the tech news sites something to write about that sounds better than “windows service pack 27273-b” The _only_ possible solution to this problem is government regulation. An open source radio on your phone does literally nothing when the phone networks are all hostile. There is zero chance a company would get away with that. Someone will find out their shoes have a pcb and battery in them. They are accurate to the tower which is far too accurate for comfort. From everything I have seen, Google most certainly does not have the talent already to compete with TSMC. The talent does not even exist outside of Taiwan and China. And that creating a new cutting edge fab is the most complicated task known to man and becomes obsolete in a few years. There is no way to verify the screen is genuine in a way that could not be copied. The current way works because there is nothing that can be copied. The main board asks for a serial number and only it knows what the correct one is. No 3rd party can fake that without tailoring it to the specific phone. It’s a real shitty situation but it’s a little more complex. “Legit service” stores actually can get the genuine parts and software though. This mainly affects DIY repair. The only thing I have ever had to have done is battery replacements and those are offered at a fair price from apple or authorised repair locations. I get your perspective but I feel the situation is more complex than that. Replacement parts _never_ brick the phone. They can disable FaceID, TrueTone and show "non genuine" warnings. They also seem to bug out the cameras but this was fixed via an update on the 12 and seems likely to be fixed here too. The FaceID one seems legitimate as a malicious faceid sensor could compromise security. The truetone one looks like total rubbish and should be fixed. And the non genuine messages are useful. The problem is not you knowingly putting in a non genuine part. It's that a disappointing chunk of repair stalls and almost all online parts are non genuine and essentially fraud as they advertise as being genuine and better than the original parts. Often they are recycled parts from used / stolen devices which are worn out before you even get them. There are even stores in 3rd world countries which will remove genuine parts from your phone and replace them with fakes while doing something like a battery replacement. The non genuine message protects the customer who gets their phone repaired. It also protects the second hand buyer so they can see that the whole phone is genuine and no bad parts are used. It also protects the phone owner by making theft less valuable as the parts can not be used to their fullest. So I totally understand the issues with DIY repair here, but I also see all of the other issues at play. The main issue I see is that Apple does not do repairs on certain parts of the phone like the lightning port so if those parts break, they won't do anything for you. I'd like to see Apple and governments work together to find a solution that ensures users get maximum repairability while still being protected against part fraud. I'd like to see Apple have some open dialog with the public and governments about exactly _why_ each restriction is in place, what problems they face, and why they have to do things this way. Mozilla needs a CEO for the same reason all companies need one. I find it disappointing how people grill open source or charity projects over spending money on management or marketing like it’s a waste. Do you think every other company spends this money just for fun? Or that it actually provides value to the business and helps them succeed? Sounds like they could use your money on Firefox but then allocate less of their own money to it so the result is the same. Yes. You probably have the extra codecs package added which is arguably illegal to distribute in the US. Other distros like Fedora won’t touch it. Because motherboards may not have enough headers for the number of fans people want to run. And people want to be able to control things via a GUI on their OS and not have to reboot in to some ancient and buggy firmware config page. It's not hard to see how a usb fan controller is desirable even if not strictly required. How convenient it would be for governments to be able to make the population content with their dystopia. No need to fix wages or living conditions. Just zap their brains in to liking it. It's possible that the CEO is right and the position is going for 5x less than market rate so only the bottom tier people want to take it. But also that Firefox is doomed no matter what they do. Chrome, Safari, and Edge are now all very good browsers that come by default. No one has a reason to install a different browser. An even cheaper CEO may not even be able to preserve the slow burn Mozilla is at and may just immediately crash it. In my experience it has been easy, but they charge a cancellation fee. As a user I quite like it. It self selects away the user hostile devs who put malicious dark patterns in their apps. If a company does not want to allow me to delete my account, I don't want to use it and I'm glad it's removed from the store. I wonder if in app customer support counts. My bank app has no account close button but you can live chat with them in the app and close your account. I almost feel dumb asking this, but what does “zero cost egress” actually mean? So this means free download? So if I host a 1tb file on r2, I pay for the storage but download is unlimited? Seems like a pretty good deal. I don’t think they were talking about the same person seeing the ad, but if you show 1000 people the ad a day for 10 days or show 10,000 people the ad in one day. Facebook can show 1 ad campaign per day to the user base instead of 30 ads getting 1/30th of the target market each day over a month. To the individual user, they can’t tell anything different between these two types of campaigns. It just makes the advertiser feel better that their money is lasting longer. My thoughts. I have never once in my life typed something in to the browser search bar that I intended to be local or private. This doesn’t seem particularly alarming. Googles account security is above and beyond the rest of the web right now. I doubt a single attack has been made realistic by this feature. For what reason? Lost 2FA access? Triggered some kind of attack detection system? Mumble has long since falling out of favour. It’s missing most of what people consider critical features now including mobile support, good IM support, and the ability to instantly create new communities without dealing with hosting. I’d say it’s likely that most discord users are mobile or at least half. What do mean unlocked? This can happen on any phone the OEM chooses to load malware on. They don’t have any power over the government or the average US voter. They only have power over random corporate employees and universities. You aren’t meant to care about every single release. You just get one after x years and it becomes a big jump. Yearly releases mean that it’s never a bad time to buy. The one that comes out next year won’t obsolete the one from this year. If you had it on 3 year cycles, the first year would be a good year to buy, the second year would be ok, and the 3rd year would be a bad time to buy. And if another OEM released something that year, everyone who wanted to buy on year three would go with them since they have the best offering of that year. Why would you bother planning ahead when you can just have the government change the rules of the game after you sit on your ass and pocket the savings for a year. This is the line implementing the famous “hidden test” cheat https://github.com/k4zmu2a/SpaceCadetPinball/blob/8c4f38c0af... Looks like there are other undiscovered cheat codes too. Typing "hidden test" and hitting enter would cause the ball to be stuck to the mouse pointer rather than playing normally. I assume this was used to test the game features but it was left in the final build. The world is so poorly understood by everyone but in the end things are fine. Users don't fully understand UI but it doesn't matter because they make do. The majority manage to buy their product on Amazon just fine. It's not bad behavior, its more unrealistic expectations. Google provides a magic box that does everything and works it out while every other bit of software presents constrained UIs which push the requirement of understanding on the user rather than the system. The end game system for google is one where you just talk to it like a person and it does what you want without having to have any kind of training on the system. This is the only issue I see with the new bar. The system would work fine if it wasn't for malicious actors trying to pose as other sites. Some official documents give specific instructions to type the whole url and not to use google. So now its all computerized. You don't get a knob on the dash to personalize exactly how much fuel to air you want. The OEM sets that and you go on about your day without ever caring. Hah, thanks so much for replying! I just wanted to say that leaving this in the final build was awesome. Knowing this cheat in school made you basically a wizard. A product targeted for kids should be suitable for kids. I do not see any way around this. If a child’s toy at the store contained razor blades, no one would say “oh well the parent was meant to check for razor blades in the toy first. I see no issue with the toy.” Remote work has shifted demands and it’s going to take some work to realign supply with demand. Some of these office towers should be suitable to refit in to apartment buildings. There is never going to be as much demand for office space as there was. The future of cities is being a place to live and the local councils need to fit out cities as comfortable spaces with nice facilities. The future is more likely to be payment processing becoming a utility and government regulated so you can't just cut someone off without going through some official process like you would to cut off power or water. I think the more likely answer is that podcasts can be produced with exclusivity deals while songs can not. Spotify is large because they were first and because apple/google music suck. But eventually apple and google will stop sucking and users will drain from Spotify rapidly unless Spotify can create content to keep users in. Spotify is in the position of Firefox 15 years ago right now. Eventually the built in apps will take over. Upgrading dependencies is never a safe operation regardless of what semver tells you. The version number is a suggestion and not a promise. I have had minor patches break things because it turns out that my app is depending on a behaviour which is a bug. But it’s no big deal, upgrading is something you plan out and spend the time on. Upgrade them all at once and spend the time testing everything and reading change logs. Currently getting paid in the 4th percentile in Australia as a ruby/js dev with no formal education. Who cares what the js ecosystem is like if companies are willing to shell out whatever it costs to get devs to work on their web app. Having JavaScript app devs is basically a license for companies to print money right now. The difference is that construction is largely doing the exact same thing that has been refined over thousands of years and we know very well how it goes and have formulas to precalculate everything. So you can have a set of building codes which if you follow, are very likely to produce a perfectly fine building. While software development is completely making things up as you go because it hasn’t ever been done before. Any kind of government regulation would end up as a box checking exercise that wouldn’t add any more safety and probably introduce problems when products have nonsensical decisions added in to fit with some requirements. I used this Australia specific page https://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2019-05-21/income-calculator-... It's been 6 years now and IPFS is still stuck with the same problems it had at the start with no real pathway to being useful. Most technology does something useful early on. I don't know the timeline for the web but I don't imagine it involved 6 years of marketing and selling to investors while not serving any purpose well. IPFS claims to solve this with their name service IPNS which can update to point to a new hash with a revised file. Where the original hash can be cached and used but users can refer to the NS version and get the latest version. But last I saw, the name on IPNS had to be frequently pushed by the original server or it would go away. On what basis do you think this is likely? What part of IPFS gets faster when more users are online? If the file exists on a system in the network, it should make a connection and start fetching the file within milliseconds ideally. It's not like we are distributing multi gb files where more seeders means more speed, this is all just slowness in setting up a connection. Even torrents take 1-10 seconds to initiate downloads with an absolutely massive network. I see this kind of claim posted a lot, but what does IPFS actually do that torrents do not? What is a new use case which has been enabled? Yeah I looked in to filecoin as well and it's not nearly as simple as setting up a raspberry pi with a 1tb HDD attached. You have to have a latest gen array of GPUs sitting there constantly cryptographically proving the entire content of the HDD every minute. As with all crypto tech, its insanely inefficient and you may as well use google drive or s3. Yeah this is what I saw 4 years ago. Shame it still isn't working. Insane how crypto projects spend all this effort on flashy landing pages, marketing, hype. But if you actually try to use the product, you find out it just doesn't actually work. Which is why a DHT system is not appropriate for web style uses. No one wants to wait multiple seconds for a page to even start downloading. It's fine for a large file download but not for frequent small requests. Modern emulation devs keep the heat low by making it extremely cumbersome and complex to use their emulators. The last time I looked, you had to have a hacked switch and run some home brew tool to dump files of the system which you can then use to run the emulator. This in my opinion is to make using the emulator even harder than just running pirated games on your already hacked switch. And then once the console is discontinued, the devs just make it work out of the box. Most emulators reimplement that stuff. Virtualising the console is the whole point of the project. I’d expect in 5 years you won’t need any files because the console will no longer be commercially viable. I think it's likely that both of these can be true. That it is easier for the developers to not emulate it, but also that there is no will to get it done right now because it makes emulation hard for non developers but still easy for them. Which lets them develop in the dark without the media and legal teams on them. It's a USB-C brick with a USB-C to MagSafe cable. You can remove the magsafe part and use it with a C-C charger Yep, I'm in Australia in a state that has been largely in office for most of the year and I used the HDMI port on my Dell XPS. Although because of the macbook users, every HDMI cable in the office has a usb-c dongle stuck on it so I wouldn't be too inconvenienced by the lack of the port either. I imagine the air and base model pro will still retain USB-C only. Personally I think the 2020 design looks bad because the top black bezel is thicker than the sides. While things like the ipad have it uniform around the whole display. I personally think patents should only apply to significant investments. Anything that could be mostly explained in an elevator trip should not be patentable. Rounded corners should not be patentable. The latest ARM core design should be. It almost has, it's just playing the long long game. People don't replace their monitors, tvs and projectors constantly but eventually they will all be bundled in with usb-c cables. Last time I was in an office, every cable had a usb-c dongle stuck to it permanently. I like the notch. It makes the phone look different to every other glass slab on the market. They are as big as pre notch. It's just now the toolbar has moved in to a space which was once black bezel. Full screen is still useful for hiding the toolbar for a distraction free view. From the picture, it looks about the same. The top bezel is huge on the 2020 macbook. I have no idea what you are talking about. I have about 7 containers running the full work app and I can't hear any fan noise and the laptop is running cold. This thing is running Rails, mysql, elastic search, redis, mongodb, and workers inside docker. As well as nodejs, vscode, a handful of electron apps all at the same time and the laptop is cold. >That extra RAM costs, what $50? The extra SSD space is maybe another $100? I have had this told to me endlessly. And then I see the laptops these people buy and its the cheapest machine with the highest numbers on the sales page. The laptops are abysmal quality and fail in every single metric not directly listed on the spec sheet. There is so much more to an SSD than capacity. Along with every other component. Also take in to consideration that these components are all on the same chip which makes them significantly faster and harder to produce than the average m.2 drive as the more components on the same chip, the more likely there will be errors so those top spec chips are the top of the production batch. Even when mobility just means flying to another state for a week, a laptop is still worth it. I would never switch to developing from a desktop now that laptops are so capable. You also wouldn't want native mac containers. The idea is to run everywhere. Bundling linux in is an improvement for portability when the production for these containers will be linux. Docker has worked almost flawlessly for me. I had a single container which did not run properly but I just rebuilt the image on my M1 mac and it worked fine. They do not market these as gaming devices. The GPU is intended for rendering content for pro use cases. It is competitive if this is your use case. Also the whole point of magsafe was to save laptops from smashing when someone trips on the cable. They likely reduce ewaste in total. Mini and micro hdmi are almost non existent in the wild. USB-C is the correct choice for the airs. And for the longest time they put it in the bottom left corner for a good view up your nose. They also seem to mount the mic inside the fan bearings. I saw a video proposing that it might be possible that the universe collapses on itself again and everything is reset. But there are more non reversible things going on than just expansion. I only just found out that all elements radioactively decay and will eventually be gone. The user doesn’t care what field they are on. Apple has destroyed the rest of the market. The developer of Jelly Car just announced he is working on Jelly Car 4 btw. It’s not the one the whole gaming industry prefers. And as a result, Mac gaming is limited to a few legacy open GL games and modern mobile shovelware on Apple Arcade. Apples gaming revenue is not on AAA gaming or dedicated gamers. It in micro transaction mobile games that rake in absolute fortunes. Those kind of games don't care what the graphics API is as they are mostly 2d anyway. Apple is clearly doing extremely well for themselves and I'm not claiming it's a mistake on their part. But as a user who enjoys playing games, MacOS is by far the worst system for it. Linux is leagues ahead now due to proton and Vulkan. The hardware is powerful enough for some gaming on macos but nothing supports it. I can get CSGO and RuneScape running reasonably well but those are almost certainly on OpenGL and not Molten. I think the only significant Molten support has been in the pro video / 3D space. What _is_ the true price of a resource though? You have to ration it out for a certain length of time, but what is the end date? Do we ensure we have supply for 100 years? 1000? I'm not trying to shit on the idea because I think we genuinely need to do something but I can't come up with any rational way to calculate the true cost of limited resources. These aren’t stock images, they are meant to show what the pixel camera looks like. But at google, you can assume these things are all _very_ carefully considered. Usually all google marketing images contain exactly equal numbers of white/black and male/female people. It doesn’t really matter but it does stick out how they are all exactly proportioned in every graphic. It's such a shame because the Macbooks are so close to being the "do everything" machine. I want to sell my gaming desktop because it seems like such a waste to have such an expensive machine sitting there getting used a few hours a week to play games which would run fine on the macbook if it had software support. My hope is that if the macbooks start to take up more of the market, either Apple will cave on Vulkan or Valve will find some way to make proton work. The fact that this user and and everyone reacting to the news and TikTok video are shocked, it shows that simply having a page is not acceptable and that the average person does not expect this to happen even though they agreed to it in the ToS At least the future is online sales which do not need fancy packaging. Although they do often involve an extra plastic shipping bag. I have no idea why, but my 16gb M1 mac is working perfectly for me while my 16gb dell xps with linux was not cutting it. I have no idea why doing pretty much the same thing is using less memory but other people have said this too. There is something to the hype. I have no idea why but I was not doing well at all with 16GB on my Dell XPS on Linux but I'm going perfectly fine with the M1 with a few GB left over. You don't _need_ an air gap. I live in a high rise apartment building which has very soundproof walls. You can be having a full party in your apartment and only get the faintest of sounds from the hallway, and absolutely nothing from inside your own apt . > You can't just make more masters. You can given enough time. Your second point is more likely the real reason. These jobs might seem to pay lots from the outside but if you dedicated the same time to a more boring job like management you very quickly make a lot more money with almost unlimited room to bump your prices. Virtually no one is concerned with the security of card payments on non apple processors. They have been typing their card numbers in to stripe/paypal/etc for years. Only the tiniest % of HN idealists will pay 30% extra to have it go through Apple. Because another company will offer the same product for slightly cheaper now that their fees are lower. Google One already charges you less if you subscribe via web or android. They just haven't been allowed to advertise this fact in the iOS app. I can log in and have been receiving emails so I guess its back now. Meh, In my whole time using it, I have never noticed it down. Even today it seems to be up as I see it now and I did not notice any outage. Email is not a real time system I rely on anyway. As long as they don't lose my data or have it leaked, I don't really care if an email arrives an hour late once a year. I would pay for their vpn service and I would even pay for lockwise if they fixed the bugs. But they don’t sell the vpn in my country and they give lockwise away for free but leave it broken on iOS. Yeah I’m not at all convinced this is the explanation. I just started at a company in Australia where their office isn’t even legally allowed to open yet and they have still seen a bunch of people leave. My hot take is that it’s a few factors. * pent up demand from last year with people not moving out of fear but now feeling certain of the future * remote work opening up a larger selection of companies to work at. * tech companies having record profits and all wanting to expand at the same time. And I feel like #3 is the most important one. They all want mid-senior developers but every other company wants them too so they go in to a bidding war and their wallets are stuffed right now so the bids are huge. This will probably continue until a new wave of developers reaches senior level but by then the market may have failed to predict tech companies growing at an even faster rate than they are now. The worst part is that some workers are being completely left behind and the divide grows greater. Tech jobs have kept up and exploded over inflation rates while retail and gig economy jobs are now paying unliveable rates. IMO there _needs_ to be a complete recalculation of costs of living for the current year and an adjustment of minimum wages to reflect this. One thing to note is that game anti cheats will just lock you out if you are in this mode. It’s the reason that game cheat makers look for exploits in random drivers to load their cheat in kernel space. Or have proper analytics. If a user emails you and says "It crashes after a few hours" rather than feeling bad for them, you ask them what their steam/game id is and you look them up in the crash reporter system and see exactly what happens rather than relying on a few programmer consumers doing the work for you. This seems true of small scale things but companies like google have been able to release good software on the first try. I don't remember it vividly but I used google docs and drive on the first year and I don't remember having a single issue with them and I can't even think of anything it does now almost 10 years later that I would have wanted back then. Personally I have started leaving the camera on because it’s incredibly tempting to just use my phone and tune out with the camera off. I have also noticed that camera off people tend to speak a lot less than those with it on. If I asked users to attach a bug report file, most of them would complain and tell me to stop waisting their time and get the problem fixed. I have many times explained to users that I found their issue in our reporting and have not ever got a negative response. The average user does not give two shits that you can see exactly what line of code their instance of your game crashed at. They want to play a video game and not play find the bug with you. The vast majority of users would not even be as nice as to email you saying there was a crash. They would just immediately complain on twitter or refund the product if it wasn’t resolved without any interaction. Docker is extremely light weight and I wouldn’t have any concerns about running it on an rpi Why does a static site even need hardware? Just drop it on GitHub/lab pages and call it a day. https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/gigachad Agreed, not sure what the use case is. It’s super trivial to switch between messaging apps and it’s not often that you are having a conversation with multiple people over multiple apps at once and even then it’s still manageable. The only thing I can think of is people who do not wish to have the app installed for privacy / open source reasons. And then we would be reading an article about people going off grid because their power cost is 4x average. >If you want to expand your habitable footprint as a state Why is this desirable? You basically just expand every single cost without much benefit and reducing the quality of facilities provided to everyone. The general trend of populations globally is centralization which provides massive benefits. The option is never going to be power or no power. It's going to be paying the connection fee, setting up your own power, or living somewhere already connected. Any proposal for governments to spend more on something should also come with a description of what they should spend less on to compensate for it. Why should urban citizens subsidize a lifestyle choice for others? If you want to live out in the middle of nowhere you shouldn't expect everyone else to pay you for it. The first two are not well solved by Matrix as the default client is far less user friendly than the proprietary alternatives. Storage space might be an issue on very low end phones but these days phones are starting with 128gb of storage which no IM app is close to filling. Mobile OSs are extremely good at sleeping apps and can receive messages while the app is not running at all using notification services. I would say that resource bloat is actually much more of an issue on desktop where you have 10 instances of chrome running and none can be closed while still receiving notifications. I would suggest that in a field that is mostly male, including same sex couples changes the results disproportionately compared to more mixed industries. For me, I convinced my bf to get in to software development specifically because it paid lots of money. What are you basing this on? Seems like a large claim to make about what people are innately attracted to. I remember when I first started using the internet, I would be absolutely fascinated searching up totally boring things and seeing the google search results. Finding a new flash game was the best thing ever. All of the stuff I used to do is still there but it’s boring now. Just like most of the games I used to find fun seem to basic and limited now. Seems to me like there is way too much effort being put in to covid related software that ends up not being useful before it’s even finished. Australia spent millions on a contract tracing app that ended up not providing any value at all. Do we really need digitally signed vaccine certificates when more than enough people have taken the vaccine for it to be widely effective. This sounds like something the market can deal with. If it costs a lot for farmers to set up, they can charge more for products until they are profitable again. They would have been happy and probably continued to never use the touch bar. I find it pretty cool and interesting to look at but I have basically never used it because everything it does can be done via the mouse which I am already using for other task so I never felt it was useful to switch to pressing the touch bar. I think it might be unlikely that we see replaceable flash chips come back as it sounds like the built in ones are insanely fast and likely cheaper as well. There isn't the depth to add face ID. If the notch is a real concern, you can use a setting which adds black bars to the top so it looks like the older macbook Which involved hours of using chemicals to dissolve the glue with a plastic card. It was ranked one of the hardest repairs on ifixit. These days the battery lasts so long you don't have to bring a second battery with you and your laptop could realistically be charged by any phone charger overnight. You also have the option of battery banks. As long as you can replace the battery when it wears out, thats all that matters to the average user. It's certainly a good autocomplete but it can't be used for anything more complex because you just can't trust it. Every now and then it produces an entire function filled with complexity and I think "This looks right but I would need to independently verify everything" and at that point it's easier to write from scratch. It only spits out functions at most 10 lines long. There is very little that could actually be copywritten in a 10 line block. And most of those suggestions are incredibly generic problems like find the distance between two coords. I just tested and mine is showing the charging symbol when plugged in to the 5w iphone brick. Obviously this will be super slow to charge though. The problem with copilot is that other than the most basic boilerplate generation. It takes just as much effort to verify its output is correct than to come up with a correct answer. The boilerplate often exists because removing it requires assumptions and guesses. The language should never guess, copilot has the benefit of being able to give you wrong answers sometimes and you get to decide if they are correct. I'm constantly blown away with what it spits out even when its wrong. When it pulls in the greater context of the app and generates comments from scratch using the context of the file, its just incredible. >I doubt copilot will reduce the need for engineers Every time this happens, everyone just shifts the goal posts and they now want more features, faster. The majority of software out there sucks. If programmers are now 2x faster, users will demand that some random crud app be at Google software quality. And Google's software will be unimaginable by today's standards. All of this will increase the value delivered by software, which will bring in greater revenue, which will be reinvested in more developers. Because the entire codebase I work on is already in the hands of github. I couldn't care if they can also see it being written live. Tables like you mention, have infinite complexity and requirements. If all you need is the most basic grid, the built in element is fine. But what happens when you need inline editing, filters, searches, live updating data from a server, keyboard shortcuts, etc. A single standard element will never handle everyone's use cases. The parent comment is seeing new wheels being designed for a high speed train and wondering why they are reinventing the wheel when wheels have existed forever. Google docs decided to just turn the page in to a big and render everything manually. They could create more products with their own teams. Apples cloud offering pales in comparison to Google's and part of the reason is they are just missing too many services. iCloud web feels like a bare minimum effort that doesn't get any attention. I don't know how successful this would be, but they could also start building and selling more apps/programs but perhaps this could be seen as anti competitive. For some reason Apple seems to pay no attention to anything other than casual games. They completely crippled the mac gaming scene which was doing OK when they killed 32bit and never implemented vulkan support. IMO they can't embrace VR without going back and helping the game developer scene in getting the tooling they need to make mac support easy. Which is why it just doesn't work so well compared to Google products. I'm an Apple user on basically every platform but cloud services are a collaborative experience so I'm not going to host anything on iCloud when it works like crap for half the people I need to work with. They have become a little better at this, facetime can now be joined by Android and web users as long as an ios user starts the call. They have been consistently releasing new product lines. We don't need 20 different models of the macbook but there are plenty of software experiences that Apple has no offerings in. Seems like the answer to all of these problems is that everything changed. Nothing in particular can be blamed for the fact that virtually everyone changed most of their behaviors significantly and for an extended time. It should all come down to a cost/risk/reward/importance factor. If you are a bakery that sells very close to 100 loafs a day, you would want to make about 100 per day. Some event happens randomly and you have demand for 400. You could call it a supply chain failure or you could call it a success to turn away 300 customers once a year vs throwing out 300 loafs every other day. At the end of the period, all of this redundancy spend gets binned so you gained nothing from it. Some essential services like healthcare could make sense to spend extra on redundancy since turning away 300 "customers" is a lot more serious than not getting your loaf or gaming pc. The solution is to wait. It's better to wait out very rare events than to waste constantly during normal periods. Very few people _need_ to have their new GPU or PS5 right now. Consumer ISPs don't need an ip per customer. They just stick 1000 users on the same ip address behind CG-NAT The easiest and most reliable way to expose a computer on the internet now is those services which work something like a VPN where they have an ip address and route everything sent to it over to you via WireGuard or similar. That way you don't have to worry about dynamic addresses, ISP blocked ports, buggy router firmware. It all just works. Things like ngrok can do it really easily for http traffic. You can prefer it but it will never happen. Most home ISPs have some kind of restrictions on incoming connections and the majority of home routers have buggy or incomplete firmware which make hosting at home difficult. The benefit of the VPN option is that it requires cooperation from no one and rips right through all the obstructions the ISP and routers put in the way. People hosting at home are an extreme minority so there is basically no chance we will go back to when every single computer was directly connectable. Neocities for me is like picking up a game I used to love as a child. There are about 20 minutes of "OMG yes, this is what I have been wanting" and then you very quickly get bored and realize there isn't actually very much special or desirable about this old stuff. It was so great back then because it was new and novel. Once it stops being something to explore and be surprised by, the value is gone. Gaming is far too big to categorize in to one group. There are more classic non micro transaction games than ever before. There are also a separate group of online money suck games which could be considered closer to a slot machine than a video game. Similar to the internet, there is more of the content the OP post wants than ever before and there are whole communities like neocities dedicated to it. This is all just complaining that there is now other stuff to consume as well and that the majority prefers it over their nostalgic gif based sites. 2FA should be a requirement on everything now. And if your site can't for some reason or you don't want to deal with it, then limit your site to external login providers only. 2FA, especially app based, has been proven to work really really well. Having malware installed on every users phone is so many orders of magnitude harder than downloading the latest db dump and testing the email/password on every other site. At the bare minimum, TFA stops most attacks. That's a whole lot better than the current situation. The junior devs were probably chucked in a corner with some colored wooden blocks while this was being resolved. This is not a well researched opinion, but I would think that diet makes a bigger difference than exercise. Looking at the amount of energy contained in the average food and drink and the amount burned while exercising. A long and difficult exercise session ends up using far less energy than you burned simply living. Car culture can play in to diet as well. When I was driving to and from work each day, the most tempting options by far were McDonalds and KFC because they had drive thrus which saved time on my way home when my brain was feeling fried. Then I moved to the middle of the city and I have no commute and many options for food available which are healthier. Since I no longer use a car, these fast food places are less temping. You can call it pseudoscience but that doesn't do anything for the fact that far too many Americans are fat by more scientific scales as well. Apple trackpads haven’t physically clicked in a while. It’s just a virtual click now which you can turn off I have to wonder what OS OP is using. I once installed Linux mint on a MacBook and found the trackpad immediately very frustrating and had all the issues listed. But on macOS or even fedora, I did not have any issues at all. Big trackpads require good software along with them and it sounds like OP may be running an OS without this software. 100%. I much prefer snapshots. All of my data loss situations have been in accidental deletion / formatting situations which raid does nothing for. I can’t see any use for raid as a consumer other than raid 0 for speed. Apple's chips include storage. They put super fast storage in the SoC. Raw capacity doesn't matter to most people. I collected up all of my personal files including all photos/vidoes/documents/etc, and it came out to about 35GB. The average person has absolutely no use for a 20TB drive so it isn't very interesting. For CCTV uses, 20TB drives sound awesome. Fast storage is all that matters to regular users and not capacity. I just looked this up to check and you are kinda right, It is a separate chip but it sits under the same heat spreader and on the same little pcb platform so I guess on some level they are separate but once they get joined they essentially form one part for most practical purposes. https://www.macrumors.com/2021/04/06/m1-mac-ram-and-ssd-upgr... It must be truely depressing being a Linux FOSS developer when any time you try to make something quality and up to todays standards, the Linux user base whinge and insult you for years. I have no idea why people still work on gnome/wayland right now. I would have left FOSS entirely if subject to that behaviour. I’m not calling CDE modern. I’m saying that the Linux user base has terrible preferences when it comes to software which hold back actually modern and good software like Gnome/Wayland/systemd. Everyone is entitled to use what they want, but this goes way beyond choosing something different. FOSS devs are receiving real insults and threats constantly for simply developing something. In the end the Linux desktop is being severely held back and it takes over a decade to implement improvements like wayland which are critical for Linux to keep up with Windows and MacOS. KDE suffers a quality problem that Gnome does not. I had countless bugs and random issues last time I tried KDE but I have pretty much never had an issue with the core Gnome desktop experience (the bundled programs are another matter). At first the lack of options on gnome bothered me but then I just accepted the default config and found that it isn't actually important to be able to tweak every single bit of layout and the default config gnome ships is actually really good. I think it's fine that someone shares their bold opinions on future technology and puts it out in the public without hiding all this discussion in private where the public can not interact with them. It could be done if nvidia cooperated. It's basically impossible to use a nvidia gpu without the driver software which _is_ networked. Nvidia already added malware to their drivers before to stop mining so blocking some stolen cards would not be out of the question. Is it dumb? Many manufacturers already do this. Samsung had a case recently where they bricked all of the stolen smart TVs. Apple would do this as well. Basically any technology product company has or is considering having the ability to brick stolen devices. And I'm not against this either. The law can provide a strong set of rights for actual owners, but if your product is stolen, you have no rights over it. The government could forcefully take properties from owners and chuck random people off the street in to them. The majority of these properties will end up ruined. Or the government could build their own housing to use for this purpose. I can tell you which idea would be more popular with voters. Drug use prevents treatment until the drug use is resolved. Shoving an addict in to a house and calling it job done will result in a destroyed home and a soon to be homeless person again. Your comment is downvoted but it's something that has to be considered. Yes people shit on the streets because there are no toilets, but there are no toilets because it's extremely difficult to provide them due to abuse. It all links back to drug abuse again. Wouldn't high density living also explode land value though?. The block of land I live on would be worth $10M+. Of course anti theft serves the manufacturer. And I think that is ok. If you have a stolen product, you have 0 rights to use or posses that product. Once you purchase the product legitimately, you now have legal protection so that the OEM may not lock you out. Products should respect the owner. Stolen products are still owned by the OEM and not the person physically holding the product. You could in theory keep it fully offline but at some point you are likely to accidentally allow it network access or want to update the driver and if that happens, the card is bricked. It also makes the cards completely worthless on the second hand market. This would require some significant trial, design, study. My first question is are people who are willing to use a toilet publicly exposed actually likely to use it vs just some quiet street. And there are still plenty of ways to ruin a utilitarian toilet like shoving trash in and blocking the drain. At the very least most people can admit that the problem is more complex than simply dropping in some public toilet blocks. You have to consider these things because there are more than enough people willing to destroy things simply for the purpose of destroying them. They absolutely can though. The driver has the ability to connect to the internet and the company has shown that limiting hardware via software is something they do. Consumer rights haven't taken a loss because there is no consumer and no rights. Users have no right to use stolen property. The have rights when they legitimately acquire the product. Even if its changed hands, its still illegal to purchase stolen property and the police will just take it from you without compensating you. There is no visible serial number on a GPU. At least not clearly and in a way that could be seen by ebay. Without going to entirely FOSS TV firmware, I'm not sure how this matters at all. It will never trigger for legitimate buyers and if it ever does somehow, you call the company. If they do not cooperate, you take it up with your consumer protection agency and they fine the company for you. But the reality is that it never will activate and you wont ever know about it so it can't possibly impact your life and there are appropriate safe guards against misuse. It's about as useful as asking why you are forced to use a specific brand of flash chip on the image processing board. This looks like a nightmare. The problem is if you gather all of the lowest people in one building, it becomes hell on earth. But if you disperse them, you have a building full of decent people and one person who writes tags on the hallways and leaves trash around. So the rest of the building rightfully wants that one individual kicked out and you end up at homelessness again. You also have no leverage against these people. For normal people you can threaten them with fines, etc. But for some people, they have nothing to lose and do not care about any punishment you apply. There is no doubt in my mind that themes and good colour support is very important and that their claim of boosted engagement is correct when the user picks a colour. The joke to me is the blog post explaining it. I had to dig for a while to find out what a colourway even is. The first few paragraphs were meaningless marketing dribble. “Feeling wasteful” is not a logical evaluation of the technology. Does it feel wasteful when you used an incredibly powerful computer capable of almost anything to post a text comment to a website in the same way you could have 20 years ago? VueJS is very lightweight and loads almost instantly. It runs on even very old computers well. Native JS will never be able to compete with frameworks because frameworks have the ability to rapidly innovate and try new things without worrying about having to keep them around forever. IMO the browser should become something like a CPU where it provides the low level components to do anything and the website provides the framework to make it easy. It doesn’t “feel wasteful” to use C or Python to print hello world when it could have been done in raw ASM. You never "really owned" a TV because they were never open source. If the feature never activates, it never affects the user in any way and it may as well not exist. If it does activate wrongly, you have consumer law and protections to get your money back. WASM is where I think the web should be heading. It's been shown time and time again that designing good high level interfaces is very hard and there will always be a better design out later. Platforms like web browsers are not able to innovate like libraries can. JS has multiple implementations for date interfaces and they are all flawed in ways. Rust decided that date handling should be the job of 3rd party libraries which have the freedom to drop bad ideas and break compatibility for the goal of a constantly improving implementation. The line existed in the 2014 commit which migrated the repo to git. It wasn't designed in the current era of mass automated abuse and internet connected everything. There is very little reason to even self host Gitlab unless you are insanely paranoid or for philosophy reasons like debian/gnome. Yes, you are meant to be paying attention to the security news for all tools you self host. That's part of self hosting. If you can't manage that (which is completely fair), then you shouldn't be self hosting. Already covered those under paranoid. There is nothing wrong with self hosting and being paranoid. But that comes with the responsibility to have someone dedicated to keeping up with the latest news on the software they run. Leaving gitlab unpatched for 6 months shows that the company is not capable of running it themselves and should not be self hosting. Considering that initial commit contains 400k lines, I would say there is a very long history before git was used. And if its anything like my regular M1, it does that while remaining cold. I used a 2019 macbook pro and the thing would be roasting hot if you had docker running. CPU % is such a complex metric that it hardly means anything real other than an general feel for how busy the system is. I have seen on linux that I can be running something that uses 100% and the cpu is at 50c, then I run prime95 also at 100% and the cpu instantly hits 99c I want an iPhone because I like the OS and the integration with my iPad. This doesn’t mean that I want to be prevented from installing a 3rd party YouTube app. This same fallacy gets used for political parties as well. Just because someone picked an option, doesn’t mean that they approve of every single thing that comes with it. Only that they found overall that the package was preferable. Don’t care because it actually does what I want. I turn off Bluetooth or wifi usually because something isn’t working or I just want a quick way to disconnect from Bluetooth audio. I like that it turns it back on for me when I forget. How do you reject an image that has metadata without doing basically exactly the same process as removing the data? Maybe find different servers? I have never been banned from anything on discord. Gnome has been the only Linux DE I find tolerable. At first I was bothered and installed a bunch of extensions to tweak stuff but then I realised it was all meaningless modifications to make it look like other DEs and that I can be just as productive on stock gnome. There is a lot of truth in this. If gnome really was unusable and critically broken, why is it the default on almost every distro. Most distros provide DE versions and yet the gnome one is more popular with all other factors the same. > It’s pretty bad at answering questions that require judgment and context like “What do NFT collectors think about NFTs?”. That kind of question seems really difficult for a search engine to find when there likely isn’t such a summary posted in exactly the format you are looking for. But thankfully there are other ways to do your own research on the internet. I’m sure you could easily find an NFT related subreddit, post exactly that question, and have multiple answers within the hour. The only noise I have noticed is SEO spam sites copying posts from stack overflow or GitHub. But usually these only come up when almost no content on the topic exists so it didn’t really deprive me of anything. I have had really bad issues with bluetooth mice on my M1 macbook, the lag is so bad. Bluetooth is basically unusable for me so I had to switch to the logitech unifying receiver which has been flawless. This seems to be related to using airpods at the same time. Otherwise I have been very happy with the laptop. Although rails alone is enough to carry ruby. I think there is likely just not enough reason to use ruby over python in most non web use cases. I have many times seen this kind of error while running games in Proton. It has never actually prevented me from proceeding. It usually just says GPU too old / drivers out of date. Then it sets every graphics setting to its lowest value and lets you proceed. Nothing. Past cases have settled that the copyright goes to the person who used their creative process to sort through the computer generated images and pick the quality out. So by typing misty mountain and selecting it as good, you are most likely the copyright owner of that image. Imagine using a future version of this to generate a VR game. Sort of. When they came out, the specs were pretty good and the price was good. But supply shortages meant that realistically, you are paying more than RRP anyway. And it’s not like you will be able to install windows on a ps5 and use it as a replacement PC even if it is theoretically possible. Furries have heavily used the platform since before it went mainstream because of the custom sticker pack feature which amazingly, no other IM platform has reliably copied. But yes, recently nutcases have taken to the platform since there is no big tech corp behind it to moderate the platform. They do delete illegal groups and spam, but if it’s legal and not causing disruption to other users, it’s almost certainly not getting deleted. I did some more searching and it looks like its actually a little up in the air right now but that proposals are looking at making it work this way. So the AI would be considered something like photoshop where if you use the tool to create something, you are the copyright owner. What are the original ones? There is likely no previous image that looks anything like this generation. When you draw a picture, you aren't required to credit every piece of art you have seen in the past which inspired your style. Spy bots get away because they don't spam or do anything weird. No one is sitting there auditing users who haven't spoken much. Spam bots will end up with their account banned and phone number blacklisted. I totally get all the frustration over phone number verification but it simply is the easiest and most effective method. It's really hard and expensive to get more phone numbers while every other method is easy to get unlimited accounts. Almost every country has phone numbers tied to ID as well so you can report the worst of users to local police. It's also not required by discord. Discord doesn't even require that you have an account. They leave it up to "server" admins. You can pick options from allowing guests, allowing only accounts, and requiring only phone number verified accounts. The last vBullitin site I used was hacked and never came back online. The overhead from running forum software in the age of mass automated abuse is just too great. It's really hard to justify the value of a forum that gets hacked, spammed, costs money, etc when Discord is free and works better for most people. It needs to so that it can search on the backend and show you all instances of that search rather than just what the currently loaded DOM elements contain. It's probably the UI/design of it. Discourse supports infinite scroll and live updates so it kind of looks like an IM thread with a lot more padding. I have used search in slack/discord/telegram and found it's super fast and fairly reliable. I can often see references to the same error messages or bring up the topic I'm interested in. Discourse has the advantage that it is indexable by Google which is a big one, but I don't share the frustrations that many here talk about. IM has always felt faster and more responsive than forums ever did. I used to be a huge forum user and I remember posting questions and having to wait at least a day to get to an answer while on IMs I have often found people start to help out immediately and provide their best guess even when they don't have the full answer. While forums felt too formal and if you didn't post a well researched and correct question, your post would immediately be locked/flamed/sunk down. Because to remain performant, modem sites remove elements that have been scrolled too far off the page. So native ctrl + f would not be searching very much at all. I don't see the problem with this tbh. When you create a JS app, you lose a lot of the native features of the browser and it becomes your own responsibility to reimplement them in a correct way. As long as the site pulls it off flawlessly, this is ok to me. And from what I have seen, discourse does do this well. Their method seems really efficient to me. It infinitely scrolls, feels like it's actually native, and hijacks the shortcuts to make them work as if it was native. I really like their timeline scrollbar as well which lets you easily move through hundreds of posts very quickly and has become a pattern in many apps like Google Photos and Telegram. On most modern apps, this is pretty much just what is on the screen right now + a little on the top and bottom. The elements get removed/reused once they scroll off the page for performance. I only see this as an issue if the site does not reimplement find so that it is able to deal with this. Because no amount of security patches can fix 00s forum software designed without modern security in mind. And the average user _likes_ Discourse. They don't give two shits that Ctrl + F is hijacked because it does exactly what they want. It finds the text. They don't want excuses like "Oh well it doesn't find that text because you didn't scroll down to load it". They don't want to click through 100 pages of thread. So we have benefited from decades of cheap consumer electronics and now people had to wait 10 months to get their playstation at RRP so their proposal is to build double the number of playstations for decades and landfill half of them so in the extremely rare case, they will have just enough. Theft is such a massive issue. I pretty much gave up cycling because there is just no way to secure a bike that actually works. Criminals come out at night with power tools, bust their way through the walls of the apartment bike storage, and cut your locks at 2AM. They have hoodies and masks so CCTV is useless. Sure I guess I could hide an airtag on one, but then I have to actually do something when it inevitably gets stolen and moves to a dangerous location. I'd much rather have a set amount and feel good using it than worrying if I have exceeded my limit of socially acceptable days off. What is the cost of the radioactive waste and heavy metal contamination from coal? What is the cost of recycling every solar panel every 20 years? I think the end solution is not to have TOR replicate normal randomish usage, but to have normal usage from everything go through a tor like process so that everyone looks the same. If you check the airbnb hosts subreddit, there are endless stories of hosts being ghosted by support after a guest trashed the place. IMO, the number one hurdle for ebikes is theft. The things cost a decent chunk of money and there is basically no way to secure them properly. I have owned an ebike and it's such a fun way to get around, but I quickly sold it because I was in constant fear of it being stolen. And shortly after, one of my cheap non ebikes was stolen while locked inside my apartments bike storage area. I think electric scooters might have a bigger impact on transport as they are easier to store inside. HN will hate this but the solution is likely to serial number every part on the bike and software lock it down so if you take a battery or something from one bike, it becomes bricked when you stick it in another bike. This would get hard with non electronic parts like wheels though. It's more than that. To factory reset an iphone, you _must_ be able to log in via the current apple account. Regardless of whether the owner has marked it as lost or not. The lost mode simply allows you to remote wipe the phone to reduce the risk of hackers getting in somehow. It should be based on frequency of usage. I can tell you that moving down a line in vim is a little more common than toggling the mouse acceleration. I would never even type such a command. I would just copy paste it once. I'm working in hell right now. The current company has the site frontend, backend, and tests in separate repos and it's basically impossible to do anything without force merging because the build is broken without a chicken and egg situation between the 3 pull requests. The shelters _are_ unsafe and I wouldn't blame the average person for choosing a tucked away park over a hive of mentally ill and violent people. The solution is difficult though. I'm thinking we need some way to provide secure shelter. Something like those pod hotels where you get a private, lockable pod so you don't have your phone stolen or get raped in the middle of the night. My thinking is that the tests _have_ to be merged with frontend since they do stuff like "Find the button with the content 'continue' and then click it" There is no such thing as backwards compatible changes to button content but yeah you are right, it would be possible to create backwards compatible API changes but I don't know if it's even worth it since we are the only users of the api, and it is only used for the frontend. I love your profile pic on GitHub Chrome is actually adding a feature that lets school admins disable view source because school test pages had the answers in the source. JSON with comments would be ideal. You can increase land value while decreasing housing value. Building high density housing you can build affordable housing on incredibly high land values Sometimes I wonder what fantasy land HN readers come from. I was standing at a traffic light as I opened this thread and I looked around at the people near me, I saw several AirPods users and no other brands or wired users. The AirPods alone bring in more profit than most major tech companies. Why in earth would they stop making them? Personally I never had wired headphones last longer than a year before the cable gets damaged. For how much utility I get out of my AirPods, I think replacing them every 3 years is excellent value. The AirPods do an extremely good job at this. It’s just a shame there is no standard for switching across all devices. Although apple makes use of their own servers to coordinate this so it could be difficult. I charge mine about once a week. I have a cable sitting on the desk I work at and I’ll notice when the case is almost flat as I open it which prompts me to plug it in. Most of them would be those flat lithium batteries. You can find endless replacements on eBay. Only they are all just as dead as the one you have. It’s hard to understate how successful apple was with wireless headphones. I opened this thread while standing on the street, and as I look around, _all_ of the headphones I saw were AirPods. The AirPods are by far the most successful headphones ever. I just got the colorways update and I absolutely _love_ the new purple look. Feels super nice and I have never had any of the "issues" people rattle off here non stop. There is always a shock when a new design comes out. There was so much hate for the border less design youtube has right now but when I look back at older youtubes and older versions of almost anything, the new ones certainly feel better. The only exception was the original iOS. They both hold up today. The original was a little cheesy but was still close enough to classy to work. It seems extremely clear to me. There is even only one tab that has an x icon so the only way to close it is to middle click the tab. I really doubt that the python libraries packaged by Debian are any more secure or stable than the latest release of those libraries. At best they just limit to breaking updates to once every few years when they update them. It’s essentially like version locking packages except some random Debian maintainer decides when it’s time to update. It’s starts out pretty brutal with mass death scenes but then about half way it pivots to being more emotionally disturbing with a focus on what the background story is and who is behind it. The slack option certainly sounds a lot simpler. You don't have to worry about what happens if one server misses a message, what happens if you want to add more server, what happens if you want encryption, what happens if the server gets temporarily backlogged, etc. I wouldn't use slack exactly but a slack like service like XMPP/Matrix/Kafka? sound way simpler than having servers message each other directly. Its some insane FUD people always spam on matrix threads. It has been done. Chat apps once did work together and you had multi client apps that would connect to everything. Then they slowly died off and became discontinued because people don't actually care that much about having multiple chat apps. Thanks to modern push notification services, you can receive messages from all IM services without having to have those apps actually running. There are various plants for bonsai and some of them are super simple. I have had a ficus bonsai for over a year and it has survived all kinds of conditions. Currently it’s sitting on my apartment balcony with no direct sun and strong winds and it seems to be growing strong and healthy. I have done basically nothing but water it. I think I’ll have to re pot it soon but that’s about it. It's a joke. There has been a recent surge in a meme along the lines of "The elites don't want you to know this, but NFTs are free. You can screenshot them" and other variations of "NFT piracy" NFTs are not an image at all. They are a signed data packet which links to the image because the image itself is too large to fit. It's like buying the receipt for an expensive purchase except you don't really get anything and it still costs a lot. As far as I can tell, the entire thing is hyped by people making lots of money off it and bought by people looking for attention. There is nothing that stops artists selling music directly and getting close to 100% profit. You don't need blockchains or "web3". The thing is that labels and spotify actually provide a valuable service that artists mostly choose to use. People constantly devalue the real work that these "middlemen" are doing, pretending that the artist is doing it all. The label provides marketing, mixing, advice, etc which all boost the final profits of the music. Spotify provides technology, marketing, consumers, billing, distribution, etc which all boost the reach of the music. But there is nothing stopping you from making music with no label, and putting it on bandcamp to sell directly. The thing is, the whole thing depends on people actually giving a shit about verifying any of it. If you see someone with a monkey profile picture, you aren't going to download some specialized software and finding it in the blockchain, verifying that the twitter user is in control of the wallet holding the token and finding the artists keys to check the signature is valid and then auditing other chains and other tokens to check that the same picture was not sold multiple times which would involve scraping the URLs and doing image comparisons. All to verify that this twitter user actually did spend this money for a monkey picture. There are only a very limited number of paintings that people actually care about being genuine. And mostly they have long histories. The vast vast majority of paintings are only worth their effort for someone to create again today. NFTs will almost all be entirely worthless in a years time. Almost anything sold as a collectors item becomes worthless after the first sale. Ruby on rails still hasn't peaked yet so I'm not sure what you mean by the tail end. Rust micro services might be the new trend for big tech but there would be more rails apps in development now than there ever has been. If you are really paying attention to the hype train, I think Rust has more energy and blog posts behind it at the current moment. Golang probably gets more use like ruby on rails does. Buttons and dials, sure. But no sane person is longing to buy a car without reverse cameras or collision avoidance. Which is why the government mandates it because drivers should not get to pick the safety features that stop them killing others. This could be done without NFTs. There aren’t that many platforms, they could all build api integrations if they wanted. But they don’t want to because they like having users locked in. NFTs along with all non money crypto feel like a solution in search of a problem. And all of these solutions are things already possible and easier without crypto. Crypto mining isn’t causing GPU prices. All cards are expensive and the vast majority of them are useless for mining. The PS5 is still hard to find but useless for mining. It’s as petty as thinking about “stolen” heat. Sure, because the point is not to deprive them of light, but to collect payment for it. Is it moral for media companies to paywall content when it could be distributed for free? The lamp is a trivial example but you can apply this to many things. Because if you give it away for free, you devalue the service on the market. So that person may not pay, but someone else will. But if the actual buyer sees someone else getting it for free, they will not be inclined to pay for it either. So I guess it depends on your motive and the circumstance. If you are doing it purely to negatively affect the other person, it's not a very kindhearted thing to do. If you are doing it to preserve the market value of your service so that you can collect a payment, that is fine. The newest Macbooks (2021) are looking pretty good tbh. They reworked the design to make the battery trivially replaceable and by the looks of it, they will be selling the battery to end users soon. As long as the battery lasts long enough to last an hour or two in a meeting room, its good enough. But now I work from home permanently so that doesn't even matter. I'm glad MacOS recognizes this and only charges up to 80% to preserve the battery health if I ever did need it The only time I ever cared about battery life on a laptop was in highschool where it had to last all day without being charged. I very much doubt this is the reason. Soldered on ram lowers the cost of the device, makes it thinner, and improves the reliability. At the cost of upgradability. Since the average user never upgraded the ram when they had the ability to, its purely a win for most users. Same. On mobile, most of the time I want my playlists to be shuffled. And Spotify recognises that in the UI. I know how to have it play in order which also works. It would be incredible if we could give up endless sprawling suburbs for smaller high density areas right next to nature. The rational is that you wouldn't have to do this normally. No sane criminal would value their life less than some catalytic converter. The battery packs will likely be serial number locked to the car as well as physically locked. Our company is currently looking in to kafka and microservices. The problem we have is that the volume of actions going on has gone past what a single rails app with sql server can handle. When I look in to it, it seems like it would mostly be used as some kind of job queue where worker microservices churn through the entries in kafka to do some kind of data processing without needing sql. But then there are blog posts saying kafka is a terrible job queue because you can only have one worker per partition and it's hard to get more partitions dynamically. This video blew up a while ago explaining exactly the same thing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7yEDz6bCfU Basically what you said, these things all focus on the cheapest and least important part of construction while solving it in a pretty bad way. The difference in effort in inventing a solution vs verifying a solution is correct. Most of the stuff on stack overflow or the suggestions from copilot are wrong, but its the fact that you can usually read and know if it is correct and then you have been saved the time which would be starting from scratch. it’s been tested and almost all library packages are only used by one other package on the system. And almost all of the sharing comes down to a very limited set of libraries. Flatpak solves this with platforms. You can base a package on the gnome platform for example and get a whole bunch of the most used libraries. But even without platforms, disk space is one of the most abundant resources right now. You could install millions of libraries in the space of a single AAA game. Firefox would be a bigger codebase than the whole Linux kernel so it makes sense. There is a tool called flatseal which gives you a bunch of toggles so you can turn on or off any permission for a flatpak app. GTK, QT and the core C stuff make up almost all of the shared library usage. Some obscure png cropping library will basically never end up shared even with dynamic linking. Flatpak does a great job of sharing the 1% that make up the 99% of usages while allowing version locking and bundling of that 1mb binary used by only one program. The KDE and GNOME platforms contain all of those indirect packages. They contain basically everything generic that you need to build a GUI app. Then when you go off in to the specific little tools you need, you bundle those in. Terms of services place an unreasonable burden on the average person. No one reads them and it isn't at all practical to do so. It's been demonstrated before that if the ToS contain unreasonable terms and that the users were not adequately warned, the terms become nullified anyway. So if Apple added a term that said "you will owe use $1000 per day and give us license to harvest your organs", it would be nullified even if the user agreed. They would have to have something like a big payment screen showing $1000 and clearly marking out the terms without being lost in a wall of text. Both is the best option. Unfortunately there is just about nothing you can do to prevent a government sponsored org from building exploits from scratch to target certain individuals. Apple is doing pretty well at protecting the average person from mass malware like we see on windows and outdated androids. The aus governments "Future technology will save us, not latte sipping inner city greenies" is such a sad state of affairs. Basically lets them do nothing while pretending to have a plan. But they won't even fund implementation of the technology we already have and that works. One side fully presented the terms at the start. The other lied. If you don't like the terms, don't accept them. It isn't like facebook is the only employer. Most programming I have seen is independent work. You go off for a day or two and come back to share your results. For a junior dev, they need to be spending some time screen sharing to a senior and explaining what they have to get some feed back regularly. It's not even based on needs anymore. Australia does not _need_ to burn nearly as much coal as it does. Sure, the last bit might be tricky to remove, but the fact that they do not even remove the amount that they can shows that they have no interest in getting rid of coal. Landlords and scalpers seem very much not equivalent. I would compare scalpers to property flippers. Someone who sees an asset for sale for less than its market value and purchases it with the intent to sell it very soon after. Landlords provide flexibility to the market. They take on the risks of owning. In a fully healthy system, it would still be very good to have landlords and rental properties, people would just pick them because they are the best option, rather than the only option. That does seem to be what happens. In Australia, if the prices of houses even look to be standing still, the government will hand out taxpayer money to buyers to prop the prices up. Or they will let people withdraw from their retirement funds to buy. One comment I heard at a programming meetup recently was "I hate how frameworks like laravel have brought PHP back in to popularity when we had the chance to finally kill it off". I do wonder if there really was value in salvaging PHP when we have a wealth of other languages and frameworks that do a perfectly fine job without any of the legacy mistakes sitting around. Personally I am delighted that the low end has been replaced by fully managed platforms. The average small business does not have the ability to run a website. Actually building the site and getting it online is the cheapest and easiest part but its the only part these places budget for. Then the inevitable problems come when the site is 2 years old, falling apart, getting hacked, etc. Allowing these low end customers to just have something that is set and forget truly is an improvement. The digital touch screen ones won because they are so much easier to clean. A current model induction stove is a completely flat sheet of glass. You spray some chemical on it and give it a wipe down and its done. No pulling knobs off, working between gaps, etc. And on the switching behavior, I believe that is more related to just how induction cooking works rather than the way you control it. The values on the control panel are not exact anyway, you are always going to have to get a feel for how they work for your setup. I moved from a house with an induction stove to a classic gas stove and its an absolute nightmare. Cooks slower and takes 50x the effort to clean. Are they? Is this studied? I have never heard of one failing and know many people with them. Because the current toasters work perfectly fine and are a tiny fraction of the complexity. Anyone who wants better toast than what the toaster makes will just butter and cook the bread on a grill. It's also live while turned off so if you ever put a fork in it, it's deadly. I don't think that dishwashers and related appliances are fragile or that they are too hard to repair. It's just that the brand new manufacturing cost has become so insanely cheap while human labor has become extremely expensive. So when the dishwasher finally craps out, it just isn't worth paying someone to crack it open and fix it. Hobbyists are able to fix almost anything when they do it for fun in their free time as long as DRM isn't involved. It just isn't something that scales or can make a profit. And then is it even worth thinking about which toaster will last 50 years vs 10 years when the price may as well be free for how cheap they are. PHP powers a couple of the software packages used by over 50% of websites. Mainly being Wordpress. Impossible to know but I would guess that new development of PHP sites is not such an impressive stat. I would say that Ruby on Rails is a pretty good candidate to completely replace PHP with. For me, there is a store I can walk to and pick up a new toaster within 200m, and I have never seen a toaster break since they are dead simple. Avoiding needless landfill is by far the most important part here but a toaster is pretty low on the priority list. Food packaging and just food production in general for a year would outweigh several lifetimes of toasters. The knobs are part of it but the actual grill bits are by far the worst. I don't understand why gas stoves are so popular when you have to pull them to bits and scrub down after every use if you don't want them looking like crap. While induction is faster and takes a 20 second spray and wipe. This example seems to be a great demo of why people do not like working with PHP. PHP makes the shit method the massively simpler way and the good method much harder. Now you open yourself up to risks like what happens if we accidentally let some user input change the file opened as well as the content written. While with rails, to do basically anything, you already have a full db ready and incrementing a counter using the ORM is even easier than opening a text file. So people avoid PHP because it most likely involves dealing with absolute crap code written with no understanding. The induction ones are crazy powerful now. The one I was looking at could pull 12kW. Could boil a pot of water very fast. Much faster than gas. Yep, amazon takes a lot of earned hate for all the scammers on the platform. The current setup has shopify as not a real consumer brand and just a piece of infrastructure like how your VPS host isn't part of the store. The best part is it doesn't even matter. If you like megameters most, just put an imaginary . before the first 3 digits. OEMs mostly deal with this by grouping everything in to modules. If a chip fries, they don't bother checking every chip to find it. They just replace the entire board. But it still requires someone to go to your house, pull the thing apart, and put the new one in which costs way more than robots in India putting the thing together almost unassisted. That would be the free market way. Apple has a track record of patching even low level issues for a very long time after sale. If that is something you care about, then you buy the product that supports that. Perhaps we should also block malware infected devices from using the internet as well to stop there negative external effect on the rest of us. This doesn't mean anything to potential customers. If I was in the market for GPU compute, nvidia is the only real option. AMD has had some PR person commenting on github that they have "big news coming very soon" for navi users but it's been over a year now and still no news. AMD isn't even interested in supporting their best selling cards with ROCm. The whole thing seems to be illogical and against their own interests. > I would bet that you aren't boiling your water as fast as you think you are relative to a gas burner though. I moved recently to somewhere that has gas and noticed its is quite a lot slower than the induction stove I was using. The gas one seems worse in every way but initial cost. Rails actually does do a good job of treating user input as dangerous and it can often detect when user input is being used in the wrong places like directly in to sql. And with industry standard tools like brakeman, you can have CI alert you of most cases where user input is not safely handled. Except in-line JSX runs in the browser and is not very exploitable. I’m not sure why this really matters. You can set all of that up in rails in under an hour. And almost every company uses exactly the same libraries for it all. It’s been so long since I even created a rails app because it’s almost always already created when you start the job. I got an espresso machine at the start of last year and I just can’t imagine using anything else now. They aren’t immediacy obvious how to use, but after a quick read of the manual, anyone could do it. And the thing uses such a trivial amount of energy I could just turn my house heating off for a day to save several years worth of coffee making. The extension is direct from Mozilla. If I didn’t trust it to request literally any permission, I should just delete Firefox entirely because it could do just about anything without having to ask me. Lockdowns don’t make any progress. They put everything on pause. But as soon as you unpause, all of those saved lives are at the same risk they were at before. And you can’t pause forever. Each lockdown becomes less and less effective as people stop caring. I don’t think OP is concerned with yearly shots or covid hanging around. It’s the lockdowns and other restrictions that people care about. The permissions being requested are things that all native apps get by default. I’m not worried about trusted code getting permission to something I trusted a hundred other apps with previously. And then you end up with riots so the military end up killing people with guns to save them from covid. I don’t think the vast majority of people care at all about “owning” a digital image or “verifying” it’s integrity. Furries pay lots of money to have custom work done of their character. They don’t pay to “own” some random pre-existing art. And basically everything that NFTs do, a database can do better. People have grown tired of crypto posts because we have been exposed to over a decade of marketing hype and still no concrete product or useful service has come out for the average person. Almost all of these crypto products die out after the hype, fail to deliver on their promises, or were outright scams. I was personally interested in a bunch of them 5-7 years ago and feel burned when none of them have lived up to their promise and seem technologically impossible to fix. The main winners of crypto hype have always been the ones selling something while the users get burned. I don't want to see any more crypto news until the focus shifts from making a quick profit to delivering useful services. All crypto news is focused on how you can get in now and profit later. NFTs are the latest part of this. I'd rather read an article on how the new postgres server lets you scale to more users or how UI research has helped accessibility. That is what is used for modern music production in software. It's a somewhat new development and with too many in use at once, you will have to prerender/cache the sound as your computer may not be able to handle it all live. But previously it was all analogue electronics. Which are extremely difficult to perfectly replicate in software and even models of the same synth would sound slightly different due to manufacturing differences/defects. Silverblue is the most promising development in the Linux space. I used it for years before switching to a MacBook. Sadly too many Linux users are stuck in the mindset that you should audit the code of every app you run and that the user/root split is all that is needed for security. I was really struggling to run all the stuff for web development on a 16gb dell xps. The database, text editor with plugins and browser all consumed too much. I don’t know why but I have even more running on my M1 MacBook and I have never bothered to check the ram and I don’t have my system crawling to a halt every day. I think some of this is very smart and fast swapping because I do sometimes notice a tiny hang when I use a window I haven’t touched in a while. I don’t know if the M1 is the best laptop, but it is the best I have used by a wide margin. Docker works fine now. It took a few months for them to release an M1 update. When I worked in an office, they had all of the windows screwed in to prevent opening to comply with new building codes. I imagine for suicide and accident prevention. It looks like these days you can only have windows that wind out a little. My apartment has these, but it also has an option on the AC controls to bring outside air in which can force ventilation if it isn't windy outside. This is mostly for tall buildings though. For a school, it could be that they want to be able to control the airflow and AC. Having a window open could be letting out the heat causing the heating to work harder for no reason. I hate this art style. Facebook and related have been pushing it for a while and it has become just repulsive to see now. Kind of a tangent, but from what I have seen, crontab doesn't actually exist on modern distros, I believe they have a tool that converts the crontab config in to systemd timers. As well as fstab. Systemd timers do have several advantages but they come with more complexity which is why a translation layer is usually applied on user focused distros. You can enable/disable timers, trigger them manually, see when they last triggered, see when they will next trigger. And probably a bunch of other stuff. They also have individual files so automation can easily add or remove timers. For a power user, systemd timers are much better. But if you just want to quickly add one thing, it probably isn’t worth the effort to learn Interpolation is bad. Native 60fps is great. It’s kinda hard to describe, but watching 60fps video on YouTube feels like a relief and is very satisfying. It’s immediately obvious when the video is 60fps. Pretty much. End to end uses the encryption keys of both _users_ to send. Over the wire has both sides use the platforms keys so the platform decrypts, stores in plain text, and sends it encrypted again to the other side. Over the wire is basically just HTTPS. For this kind of thing, I would rather something like the HTML details element where you click the title and it expands the details. You have the chevron to indicate it's expandable, it works on mobile and desktop, and is universally recognized without being obnoxious. I hate sites that make me play the game of "where can I put my mouse where it won't trigger something annoying" You have to encode it in multiple formats because many systems do not support proprietary codecs. Most linux distros do not support it by default. I would encode in both h264 and vp9 which would cover everything and the browser should be able to pick the file it supports. AV1 is the proposed future. But Apple has been holding back universal free formats for a while now. Apple is on the AV1 group so in theory they should support it later but they do not yet. I didn't have them installed for years and found almost everything still worked. I think the only website that didn't was twitter which I don't really use. It goes further than this. Most people know about Airbnb creep cams. Everyone cares about it when asked. And yet they are still a huge problem because they are so easy to hide. This was me last year haha. The room I was in even had unpainted walls and bare concrete floor because it couldn’t be painted while I was living there. I just looked up a picture and it almost looks like a prison. But at the time I didn’t think twice about it and I was loving life when I didn’t have to spend an hour getting to and from work. My last job also didn’t really use webcams so being in my bedroom didn’t really matter. This was it. Can't paint a room full of stuff. And you don't want to sleep in a freshly painted room either. Are you suggesting that this crypto library would not be possible or practical to be built with rust? What features of C enable this library which Rust does not? There is no time machine to bring rust back to when this was created, but as far as I know, there is no reason it shouldn't be Rust if it was made today. A decade seems like an appropriate amount of time for a language to mature and take off. Ruby was very niche for 10 years until rails came out. Rust now seems to be spreading pretty steadily and smaller companies are trying it out. Image magick isn't something you use frequently and quickly like changing directories or moving a file. A longer more descriptive name is better here. Also easier to speak. Telling someone to write "compare" is easier than "C-M-P" Considering firefox already uses rust components, that seems a safe bet. Netflix isn't the worst but their site does have some annoyances. After I finish watching something, I have to close the tab as fast as possible because there is no possible way to have the tab open without it auto playing annoying clips with sound. Everything has a hover effect with sound. Twitter has shot themselves in the foot for me. I would be happy to get notifications for people interacting with my posts, but they spam me with random crap so I went to the settings app and turned off the toggle for notifications. Now they get to send me nothing. Ubereats did the same so I just uninstalled the app and reinstall it if I ever want to order something. They lost that space on my home screen because they kept spamming me with notifications which were not my order. I do the same with RuneScape. Doing virtual fishing for an hour. It's just stimulating enough to not be boring while trivial enough to not be stressful. It's for bot prevention. Phone number verification is the most effective anti bot tool around. It just sucks for privacy and legitimate alt accounting. I have a grandparent who lost their password to skype, microsoft rejected the password/email reset request, but also blocks them from creating a new account because the phone number is attached to the previous account. I think Apple needs to start making this as part of the review process and reject updates which set marketing spam as time sensitive. Yeah surprisingly its not only just existing, but the rate of new content and updates is probably the best is ever been. Some fun stuff happening right now for the 20th year anniversary. This page was running at about 3fps on my M1 macbook. Tech companies get away with randomly and invisibly doing things to people which no one can verify or understand why. Yes of course we can't know why exactly this happened, but it's still youtube's fault for deleting all of these comments without explaining why. That’s still offical google as far as I’m concerned. It’s under the control of google. The customer went through google. I would think different if they took it to some mall phone repair stall. Even if the cables were marketed easier, you still want to see info pop up if you have the wrong one. The key insight you are missing is that someone makes a lot of money trying to convince you that this stuff is the future of the internet. It's been years, over a decade since bitcoin came out, and still nothing useful came out of it. Dropbox was well understood to be useful shortly after it came out and the initial reactions were over. It’s funny that in my city, the most active retail area is a pedestrian only street. Anything with heavy car traffic tends to have more intentional destination type stuff. Yeah it just doesn't make sense to be upset at airpods here. The airpods are smaller than the AA batteries which are often just disposable after a single use. This street has many highrise offices, universities and residential buildings around it so its a destination of a lot of foot traffic from buildings, not so much somewhere you drive to access. There are also multi level parks on the ends, you just can't drive through it. The google definition for retard is "delay or hold back in terms of progress or development." This exactly matches what the OP was trying to convey about the mac displayport implementation. Gnome does have an option for fractional scaling but any legacy x11 apps will look blurry. Last I checked this was pretty much just electron and chrome holding things up. Merriam seems politically biased imo as this fails to explain the meaning of many modern day uses like "fire retardant" or the numerous uses in physics. The google definition from oxford perfectly explains its formal meaning as well as hint at how it could also be used as an insult. Holding back a fire in terms of progress also seems like a perfect fit. That still fits. OP is describing the product which they believe to be sub standard and likely want to imply offense to it. There would be a difference between "This product is shit" and "You are shit". Both are sending offense to the target, but one of them is a computer with no feelings. I have wanted to like matrix for so many years now but every time I use it, it's unbearably slow and things like gestures seem incredibly clunky compared to telegram. Except the platforms are getting better at it. Android has an API which allows apps to completely block the screenshot functionality. For the average android user, there is no way to get around this. Computers are getting locked down more and more to the point where these kinds of restrictions actually start working. iOS doesn't allow preventing screenshots but it does notify the app when they happen. Apparently telegram has found a trick to block parts of the screenshot out. Android has an api which does block screenshots. Ironically this is actually what it takes. So many airbnb hosts and landlords are getting caught with hidden cameras all over the place. Makes for really crap video copying though. Telegram has a ToS which blocks any client which does not comply with the same restrictions as the app. They have used it in the past to block apps which do not send the "seen" status on messages. I had a rooted android and still found it hard to get around it. The only way was with the xposed framework thing and you have to install a module that disables the secure flag thing. It wasn't compatible with my device so I couldn't see any way to do it. They can block recordings or mirrors for DRM video. Telegram blocks screenshots of secret chats on android but on iOS it sends a message to the other side saying a screenshot was taken which makes me suspect it isn't possible to block screenshots. In my ideal world. You would get one hour to delete the message. I think it is genuinely useful to be able to "undo" a send and redact stuff accidentally sent to the wrong person as this is so trivial to mess up. But after you leave it for an hour, it becomes archived history for the other person. This is actually how telegram used to work from memory before they let you delete both sides whenever you want. For now Nothing prevents anything. You could also disconnect the display and dump the raw data to capture the image. It’s not just demographics. With the hardware attestation/safety net and locked bootloaders today. I don’t even know how to bypass these restrictions. How would you ever know? If your computer or a program has ever crashed or acted weird. That's a symptom of memory errors. It's also a symptom of a million more common issues but you would never know. There are some bugs that get raised on linux once every few years that are so obscure they are suspected to be random memory errors. IIRC they did sell people a software unlock for the other capacity which goes against the idea that it was designed to be like that. What sours me to the whole concept is how everything crypto touches becomes a hive of scammers and salesmen, and hype all focused on making a dollar rather than creating valuable technology. The whole NFT thing has been a net negative on the world and now crypto promoters are pushing for companies to integrate with it to take what was once free and put a price tag on it. For what benefit? NFT promoters want to resolve that by having platforms build in integration so they can DRM their NFTs. But why is this a world we want. What benefit did we create by making profile pictures paid for. NFTs represent the worst of capitalism imo. Basically all consumer routers block incoming connections by default. It works almost the same as NAT except you can allow the same port on multiple machines in the network now. You probably want to upgrade sooner for faster wifi anyway. My router I only just got from my ISP caps out at 100Mbps while the ISP provides gigabit speeds. Australia has both, we have the multi level island malls surrounded by mega roads, and then inner CBD retails streets which are surrounded by high density residential and office space which are actually great for pedestrian access as you can easily get from your current location to the area. I think that's more a statement about how reliable the current system is where users think their network is down rather than facebook which would be unthinkable. I have been doing React development for 4 years now and I have never set it up from scratch and only have a rough idea how it’s done. I still apply for react jobs and do fine. Installing something from scratch is one of the least important tests because it’s something that companies typically do once every few years, they can afford to flounder for a few days on that. For internet connected software, it's pretty old. If you don't update for 3 years and expect to still be secure, you are in for a shock. That’s already exactly the same risk almost all web developers take currently. Yes it is a real threat, but it’s too hard to deal with and not often exploited. There are also services which you can get a reserved IP with all ports open, and then you wire guard tunnel it to your server. This doesn't bypass the review process because no ones review process includes auditing the code of all things in the package lock files. This is no more or less secure than the current way of doing things. I can see what you mean. But at the same time, if I wasn't aware this was fake, I could watch a whole video like this without being tipped off that it's entirely rendered. The only things Apple charges subscriptions on are actual content services or server usage charges which are inline with literally every other business. Many people, even on HN it seems, have a completely distorted idea on what the products Apple sells actually are. The wheels and stand on the mac pro stuff is weird but they are kind of in line with the pricing of the competing products. If you look at the cases for the iphone, all of the cases they sell in the Apple Store are pretty expensive, but all of them are quite good. If you go to a 3rd party store and look for things of the same quality, they cost the same. Good cases just cost a bit of money. Now the lightning adapters I agree on. Those were absurd. But now they have USB-C on most of their products and they have dropped the cost of adapters quite a lot. The USB-C to AUX adapter contains a full DAC which is tested to be one of the best you can get, and it costs $9. Especially when a mug costs about $1 and lasts just about forever. On the rare occasion you drop it, just chuck it. There are much more important things which could be fixed. Why would they do that? The extension implements blacklisting domains. Reddit has been "slowly killing" their product for a long time now, and it's bigger than ever. Problem is this stuff actually does work if you want to mass market. That's a whole lot of TLDs to block. .me is very common for personal pages/blogs/emails. .app is used for a lot of legitimate sites as well. Almost all personal blogs fall under that tld filter. Raw performance has never been an issue for me on laptops anyway. I care more about the laptop not sounding like an airport because the fans have to spin at full speed to cope with web browsing. Or having to carry a charger around with me everywhere because the laptop gets 4 hours battery despite having a huge battery pack. These new macbooks are like a dream. By far the best laptops I have ever used. The actual visuals and layout are fine imo. I don’t need to see a billion posts at once. The problem is it runs like shit, gives errors all the time, and has a billion nag popups. It's not just communication issues. Things like framework and library updates become extremely difficult when the app is so large it is beyond comprehension for a single person. Multiple smaller upgrades are easier than one massive one. Especially when you have people working on it at the same time you try to update it. In general, ArchiveTeam has scripts which hit random links to see if there is any content. They have coordination servers which share info on which slugs have been checked before to avoid duplicate effort. I think the general vibe from the OP comment is that a lot of the fun with low spec and retro hardware is working with restrictions and squeezing new and novel amounts of use out of old hardware. But once you get to the stage of putting a much much more powerful computer in the cartridge, you come to the realization that you can do basically anything at this point and treat the gameboy as a dumb display/input device. Now it's just regular embedded programming. Not to detract from the project, it is very cool. But the excitement kinda feels dwindled when you realize that you now have limitless power and ability. It becomes just regular programming rather than a puzzle. Yes, it's a completely logical thing to do. It just makes the project a little mundane and back to the practical computing of the real world. With a modern microcontroller you can do anything you want without limits. The gameboy becomes mostly irrelevant. This hasn’t been true for a while. The iPhone hit peak thinness a while ago and they have been getting thicker every year. The battery life on the latest iPhones is much better this year than last. And on weight, I find the 13 pro to be ok but the 13 pro max was too much. So what they have now is the limit of what I want the weight to be. Thickness isn’t as much of an issue as weight is. I spent a while holding the 13 pro and 13 pro max and found the pro max to just be uncomfortably heavy. Depends on your tolerance for scratches. All modern screens get these micro scratches which are visible with the screen off in the light, but go away with the screen on. Those scratches show up within days of perfectly normal use but the majority of people don’t even notice or care. Also as a dev, I don’t really care. It’s not my money on the line, it’s the companies. If the site sucks and users don’t like it, the company loses profits and they will be forced to change. The only thing I take a stand on is when the product is actively harmful and immoral. Just being shit or slow is not my problem. It’s low res relatively as it is roughy the lowest resolution still in use. Mid range laptops these days come with 1080p displays and high end is somewhere at or under 4K There is no way to be a modern web developer without knowing everything you need for raw html/css unless you are talking about square space or basic Wordpress work. Things like react are purely extra knowledge needed over the top of the basic website building blocks. I actually like the bump because it raises the phone off the table slightly so I can grip it better. I never use the phone on the table anyway so it's no issue. A socketed chip is hardly any easier to program when the clip works fine. It's also an extra cost added to millions of units which maybe 1-10 customers will ever actually make use of. It's just cheaper to offer a program to mail the boards in to be flashed. You can do all 3 much easier with a database. You assume that these ticket companies are providing no value for the fees they charge. Which I think isn’t a safe thing to assume. Everything you have listed here would be much much easier in a database. Any kind of argument here would have to start with an explanation of why it wouldn’t be possible or practical to just start a new ticket company that does this all for free/very cheap. There is a much much larger pile of garbage that was called dumb and just died off because it was. So I looked up FXhash and from what I gathered, people write a function to generate an image, and then it gets run with some random inputs so you get a bunch of similar but slightly different images out. To call this an “absolutely groundbreaking achievement in digital art that just wasn’t possible before.” is comically absurd. Why does it have to be a market. Why does everything have to be about turning a profit. If you want computer generated art, I could show a billion examples. I could write my own function to generate a picture with no crypto technology. If your argument boils down to “show me how people made lots of money on it”, then that is just confirming what I already believe. No substance, just profiting on hype. Band sells tickets via platform A. I buy ticket, I no longer want ticket, I sell it back to platform A which makes it available to you to purchase. They can also have a feature which allows specific person to person transfers if I want to give it to a friend. This is all technologically possible. The reason platforms usually do not let you do this is due to business requirements. Why would the business switch to a platform that strips their ability to control resale if it isn't something they want to begin with? If they do want resale, its trivially possible with existing boring tech. There is nothing prohibitively expensive about running such a database. If you can't resell or transfer your ticket right now, its because the seller does not want you to resell it. Crypto posts always take every problem as a technical problem without understanding that there are very few technical problems but intentional business restrictions. Those businesses have no incentives to move to a platform which takes this power out of their hands. There is nothing stopping ticket sellers from allowing refunds on tickets which put the tickets back in to the available pool to buy again. I have never felt like google search was slow. So I would say they are within the range of acceptable times. None of us know what the google home page is actually doing. It reminds me of the gnu coreutils where the program "true" which simply returns a successful status code on run, is hundreds of lines in C. I could do that in 3 lines! Except I'd be ignoring all of the weird use cases and architectures that the coreutils have to support. The google homepage works on a _remarkable_ number of devices. You could install a fresh copy of windows XP and the built in IE works flawlessly with google while almost any other page is broken. And also forgetting all the analytics they need. I know its a dirty word on HN but this kind of stuff is essential for a product of this scale. Throw in some extras for accessibility, etc. They absolutely do serve legacy versions to old browses. I'm pretty sure you can still get a version with the black bar on the top. Has it ever been? The page used center tags last I checked and a mountain of spec violating stuff but technically works on all browsers. Using the google page as a reference would be like ripping a few note pages from a physicists workbook as an example to learn math. I met with a coworker recently who has the intel macbook and I was shocked to hear the amount of noise coming out of the thing while just running the basic programs we need to run. It was even discharging while plugged in until they closed enough stuff and turned docker off. Meanwhile I haven't had any issues with the M1. Docker runs a linux VM and it destroys intel macbooks. I hardly notice it running on the M1. Flawless experience with minimal power drain. The code is made way more complex by combining both true and false in to the same binary and then using the output binary name to decide which return code it outputs. It seems overly complex to me but I have no idea what kind of requirements they have. >just because they can and will do anything to maintain their monopoly. This is a popular opinion on HN but it doesn't seem at all inline with reality. Email isn't exactly a real money maker for anyone. And the amount of email spam and abuse is immense. Filtering out most unknown providers is unfortunately extremely effective. Almost all spam wiped out with a simple check. Maybe the ideal solution would be to let you link your custom email domain with a google account so you can have your google account vouch for the legitimacy of your custom domain. But even then, some of the time your email server actually is just blasting out spam without you knowing it. In Australia the government has largely lost control of the population. They tried to lock down hard and faced resistance but every time they try to crack down harder or enforce the rules more, they get bigger protests. Now they have just given up entirely and even the most minor restrictions and requests are largely ignored. The TOS largely don’t matter. They can generally be summed up to “we reserve the right to use your data however you want and ban/delete/modify your account for any reason” Depends what kind of contract. I carefully analysed the 300 page document when I bought an apartment but I’m obviously not reading anything when I sign up for some online account. I’d infinitely prefer to live in an apartment which is in walking distance from everything I need than some remote house where I have to drive all the time. I find the current price and size of apartments to be perfectly fine. Appartments buildings are orders of magnitude more efficient. Even on just heating and cooling. Not to mention the reduction in powered transport needed. Can you imagine hundreds of people trying to rapidly descend ladders. A good chuck of the population physically couldn’t do it. Not to mention mistakes from the rush. And to actually save space you would have to make these ladder decent zones very small which would be dangerous itself. You could get larger units or cheaper units since everyone is paying for that floor space which is potentially not required.