> Eventually, everything became a big mess and was hard to maintain. You need to architect your application using classes and functions just like in any other language with whatever appropriate data abstractions present. > IMO the limitation really is "all the code can be displayed at the same time" You don't have to have all your code inside a single diagram. Any professional LabVIEW programmer has a rule that a single VI (basically function or method) should only require a single modestly sized monitor to view it, aside from a few exceptions. This is akin to text-based languages having a sweet spot of 500-1,000 lines of code per file and keeping a function within a single screen without needing to scroll. Anything above starts to become unwieldy. The size of a LabVIEW diagram isn't a limitation of the medium just like the size of a text-based programming language's file isn't a limitation of the medium. It all boils down to the programmer needing to modularize appropriately. > it is not scalable well for custom pattern, custom architecture, and Async, operation and functional programming paradigm It is in fact useful for these things. For example, LabVIEW is wonderful for asynchronous code, is automatically multi-threaded, and supports the actor model. Dataflow languages are excellent for functional programming, and this area is relatively unexplored. That is exactly right. I don't understand the dichotomy that arises from text-based programmers. I have written and maintained LabVIEW applications that exceed a 1,000 VIs. I would argue that such well-architected applications are actually easier to maintain for all the reasons that people expound functional languages for. The reason is that LabVIEW is a dataflow language, and so all the benefits of immutability apply. Most data in LabVIEW is immutable by default (to the developer/user). So the reasons why people prefer languages like F#, Elixir, Erlang, Clojure, Haskell, etc. overlap with visual languages like LabVIEW. I can adjust one portion of the program without worry of side effects because I'm only concerned with the data flowing in and then out of the function I am editing. Somehow people form the opinion that once you start programming in a visual language that you're suddenly forced, by some unknown force, to start throwing everything into a single diagram without realizing that they separate their text-based programs into 10s, 100s, and even 1000s of files. Poorly modularized and architected code is just that, no matter the paradigm. And yes, there are a lot of bad LabVIEW programs out there written by people new to the language or undisciplined in their craft, but the same holds true for stuff like Python or anything else that has a low barrier to entry. Aren't conditionals and loops easier in visual languages? If you need something to iterate, you just draw a for loop around it. If you need two while loops each doing something concurrently, you just draw two parallel while loops. If you need to conditionally do something, just draw a conditional structure and put code in each condition. One type of control structure I have not seen a good implementation of is pattern matching. But that doesn't mean it can't exist, and it's also something most text-based languages don't do anyway. Here's a picture of what I was talking about: https://i.imgur.com/AgmF87b.png Now, the two while loops, as shown here, have no dependencies between each other and are indeed processing in parallel. However, there are various mechanisms in LabVIEW to exchange data between the two loops, the most common being queues, in which case they process concurrently. You can also have a for loop iterating on an array. https://i.imgur.com/nRgyckx.png In LabVIEW, it's nice because it's trivial to configure the loop iterations to occur in parallel (if there are no dependencies between iterations), using all available cores in the computer. And by pattern matching I meant something like the pattern matching and type destructuring you find in SML, Ocaml, F#, and Elixir. > I have not seen any solution for tracking changes, differences,displaying versions, etc. I.E. git for pictures. LabVIEW has a diff capability, and while working for National Instruments, my team actually had a quite capable custom code-review system built out of this diff. This is an area that is brought up often, but text-based diff tools weren't magically found in the universe. They were built, and some of them are good and some of them not. It's not a paradigm's fault that tools like git were built around the idea that code must be text. I do agree that better tools need to exist though, but there isn't a reason for why they can't. They just need to be built. There are hard and interesting problems in that space, both technically and design-wise. > Some visual languages can turn an area into a 'subroutine', I have not seen any solution to build libraries of reusable 'subroutines'. LabVIEW has a third-party developed package manager in the JKI VIPM. And LabVIEW has features where you can put your VIs and classes into various LabVIEW specific containers, most usually source libraries, that can then be referenced and re-used in projects. Just treat the libraries as modules like you would in any other language. They should contain classes and functions that have a shared or particular purpose. > I think the short answer is that boxes and wires actually become harder to manage as the software increases in complexity. The "visual is simpler" idea only seems to hold up if the product itself is simple Why? Can you give concrete examples of this? I see this sentiment a lot but never any particular examples. When you start off with a prototype in a text-based language for something "simple", you don't extend it by continually adding in more and more input arguments and more and more complex outputs. You breakout the functionality and organize it into modules, datatypes, and functions. Same thing goes in a visual programming language like LabVIEW. When you start adding in more functionality to move beyond simple designs, you need to modularize. That reduces the wires and boxes and keeps things simple. In fact, I liken well-done LabVIEW to well-done functional-code like in Racket, Scheme, F#, SML, etc., where you keep things relatively granular and build things up. Each function takes in some input, does one thing and returns outputs. State in LabVIEW is managed by utilizing classes. > It's not efficient for large scale things. > You will always need non-visual languages to do things in a featureful and scalable way. What is an example of a system that you have developed where things broke down with a visual programming language? I just did this for a simple project. I indeed noticed that the startup time was extremely slow. The subsequent run-time was faster though, although still not that fast. So something interesting was going on via a per-terminal session basis. TouchDesigner is indeed super cool. And I correctly guessed what that tutorial was going to be before I clicked on it. :) Mathew Ragan is an excellent tutorial maker. He's also relaxing to listen to. TouchDesigner really showcases the enabling nature of visual programming languages. You can see your program working and inspect and modify it while it is working. These are very powerful ideas, and visual programming languages are much better platforms for ideas like this. People, i.e. traditional programmers, are really hard and down on visual programming languages. Meanwhile, people who use LabVIEW, TouchDesigner, vvvv, Pure Data, Max, and Grasshopper for Rhino are all extremely effective and move quickly. People who are experts in these environments cannot be kept up with people using text-based environments when doing the same application. Text-based programming is limited in dimensionality. This can become very constraining. > the conceptual space your abstractions can make use of is effectively unlimited, and you can manage connections and information flow between pieces of code to maximize readability and simplicity, rather than artificially minimizing the number of dimensions. How does this not apply to a visual language like LabVIEW? Just because you draw the code on a 2D surface doesn't prevent abstraction and arbitrary programs. The way I program LabVIEW and the way it executes is actually very similar to Elixir/Erlang and OTP. Asynchronous execution and dataflow are core to visual languages. You are not "bound" by wires. When you write text-based code, you are also restricted to 2 dimensions, but it's really more like 1.5 because there is a heavy directionality bias that's like a waterfall, down and across. I cannot copy pictures or diagrams into a text document. I cannot draw arrows between comments to the relevant code; I have to embed the comment within the code because of this dimensionality/directionality constraint. I cannot "touch" a variable (wire) while the program is running to inspect its value. In LabVIEW, not only do I have a 2D surface for drawing my program, I also get another 2D surface to create user interfaces for any function if I need. In text-languages, you only have colors and syntax to distinguish datatypes. In LabVIEW, you also have shape. These are all additional dimensions of information. How is that a limitation of the visual programming paradigm and not a library problem? And that doesn't have much to do with scaling to a large program or system. Could you clarify what you mean? That is again a limitation of the particular language you were using (which one?) and not a limitation of the paradigm. There's nothing there that's an inherent problem of visual programming languages, which is my point in asking. For example, in LabVIEW, you have TCP/IP, HTTP, UDP, CAN, serial, MODBUS, and more protocols and can build things out of them. If there's a missing protocol, then you can write your own, call a C/C++ DLL, .NET assembly, Python script, or a command line application, just like any other language (actually more than most languages). It looked liked any other code review process. We used Perforce. So a custom tool was integrated into Perforce's visual tool such that you could right-click a changelist and submit it for code review. The changelist would be shelved, and then LabVIEW's diff tool (lvcompare.exe) would be used to create screenshots of all the changes (actually, some custom tools may have done this in tandem with or as a replacement of the diff tool). These screenshots, with a before and after comparison, were uploaded to a code review web server (I forgot the tool used), where comments could be made on the code. You could even annotate the screenshots with little rectangles that highlighted what a comment was referring to. Once the comments were resolved, the code would be submitted and the changelist number logged with the review. This is based off of memory, so some details may be wrong. This is important because it shows that such things can exist. So the common complaint is more about people forgetting that text-based code review tools originally didn't exist and were built. It's just that the visual ones need to be built and/or improved. Perforce makes this easier than git in my opinion because it is more scriptable and has a nice API. Perforce is also built to handle binary files, which is also better than git's design which is built around the assumption that everything is text. I think there's a lot of nice features to be had in visual programming languages with visual compares. Like I said in another comment, I view text-based programming as a sort of 1.5 dimensional problem, and I think that makes diff tools rather limited. If you change things in a certain way, many diff tools will just say you completely removed a block and then added a new one, when all you did was re-arrange some stuff, and there's actually a lot of shared, unchanged code between the before and after blocks. So it's not like text-based tools don't have issues. Yes, but it isn't easy. Some people have done so, and I should probably revisit it myself since I know use GitHub in my later jobs and not Perforce. I mentioned this in another comment, but we had some tools integrated into Perforce's workflow to do diffs. Merge is harder in LabVIEW and isn't where it should be. However, that doesn't mean it can't exist. These are all excellent points, and I agree whole-heartedly. I'm glad someone else gets it. :) I'm going to favorite this comment to keep it mind. The way I see it is that we've had an evolution of how to program computers. It's been: circuits -> holes in cards -> text -> -> __the future__ I think many programmers are just unable to see the forest through the trees and weeds, but visual languages see a lot of power in specific domains like art, architecture, circuit and FPGA design, modeling tools, and control systems. I think this says something and also overlaps with what the Racket folks call Language Oriented Programming, which says that programming languages should adapt to the domain they are meant to solve problems in. Now all these visual languages are separate things, but they are a portion of the argument in that domain-specific problems require domain-specific solutions. So what I believe we'll have in the future are hybrid approaches, of which LabVIEW is one flavor. Take what we all see at the end of whiteboard sessions. We see diagrams composed of text and icons that represent a broad swath of conceptual meaning. There is no reason why we can't work in the same way with programming languages and computer. We need more layers of abstraction in our environments, but it will take work and people looking to break out of the text=code thing. Many see text as the final form, but like I said above, I see it as part of the evolution of abstraction and tools. Text editors and IDEs are not gifted by the universe and are not inherent to programming; they were built. This has already happened before with things like machine code and assembly. These languages do not offer the programmer enough tools to think more like a human, so the human must cater to the languages and deal with lower-level thought. I view most text-based programming languages similarly. There's just too many details I have to worry about that are not applicable to my problem and don't allow me to solve the problem in the way that I want. Languages that do provide this (like Elixir, F#, and Racket) are a joy to use, but they begin to push you to a visual paradigm. Look at Elixir, most of the time the first thing you see in an Elixir design is the process and supervision tree. And people rave about the pipe operator in these languages. Meanwhile, in LabVIEW, I have pipes, plural, all going on at the same time. It was kind of funny as I moved into text-based languages (I started in LabVIEW) to see the pipe operator introduced as a new, cool thing. In general, I have many, many complaints about LabVIEW, but they do not overlap with the complaints of people unfamiliar with visual programming languages, because I've actually built large systems with it. Many times, when I go to other languages, especially something like Python, I feel I've gone back in time to something more primitive. Thanks for the clarification. And yes, I have implicitly bundled the semantics with the syntax here. I suppose in doing so, I am arguing both that dataflow is a powerful and interesting way of modeling computations that allow for a lot of neat features and that visual representations are more natural and give additional useful benefits over text-based ones. I have not seen a compelling text-based dataflow representation, but that doesn't mean one doesn't or can't exist. LabVIEW actually compiles its block diagrams to what's known as DFIR, dataflow intermediate representation, which is then compiled to LLVM IR. The DFIR is helpfully visualized as a graph, although the dataflow graph is represented by text underneath. I first learned to program FPGAs with LabVIEW. Now I am learning HDLs, and it's a bit painful. Understanding VHDL is not hard, but I find it to be a poor representation of what it is describing. The text-based representation hides the nature of the actual computation it's representing. If you have any references to dataflow or any links to things you've done, I'd love to take a look. :) You might be interested in the book A Primer of Infinitesimal Analysis by John L. Bell, which is another approach to infinitesimals that uses intuitionistic logic. https://www.amazon.com/Primer-Infinitesimal-Analysis-John-Be... Any interesting property of this logic and model is that all functions are infinitely differentiable. Other introductions are An Invitation to Smooth Infinitesimal Analysis by John L. Bell and Synthetic Differential Geometry by Michael Shulman. http://publish.uwo.ca/~jbell/invitation%20to%20SIA.pdf http://home.sandiego.edu/~shulman/papers/sdg-pizza-seminar.p... There is the No bullshit guide to linear algebra by Ivan Savov. https://www.amazon.com/No-bullshit-guide-linear-algebra/dp/0... For anyone wanting to learn more about this, I highly recommend Advanced Calculus: A Differential Forms Approach by Harold Edwards and An Introduction to Manifolds by Loring Tu. The former reads almost like a novel and is a real treat of mathematical exposition. It's also a little quirky which is always nice. Tu's book is simply the gold standard of an introduction to the mathematics of manifolds and differential forms. It is the most concise and straightforward introduction to the full theory. It is also a wonderful book. That is indeed a very good book. Although I would say that some of the notation in it is non-standard, for better or for worse. Tu is the most consistent author I have ever seen with notation, and that matters a lot in smooth manifold theory and differential geometry. Another good book is Advanced Calculus: A Geometric View by James Callahan. No problem. It is a great book. Definitely check out Edwards' book I mentioned above as well. It is a gem of a book. Although it doesn't use matrices and instead uses linear expansions, it is still brilliant. The first three chapters give an exposition of the theory, and then the next three go back and prove things. So if anything, take a look at the first three chapters and then the later ones on applications and extensions. It also has a geometrical viewpoint. I listed references elsewhere. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23270163 Edwards' first three chapters give a wonderfullly intuitive exposition of forms and their application to integration. Tu's book is a rigourous study of smooth manifolds and differential forms. His exercises are approachable, and his book is the most expedient to the full theory of differential forms. As a quirky intuition pump, I recommend Geometrical Vectors by Gabriel Weinreich. The Fortney book mentioned in another comment is a nice, visual book, and there are other references in the replies to the comment I linked. I disliked Computer Modern enough that after experimenting with various free fonts, I actually purchased Michael Spivak's MathTime Professional 2 Complete fonts, and then I use a nice Times-like font. https://pctex.com/mtpro2.html > Liu Cixin himself was quoted that he couldn't start the narrative as straight up science fiction because this genre is essentially unknowm in China. So he decided to build up to the actual science fiction part of the story in a deliberate, slow pace. Apparently the order of the story is different between the Chinese and English versions. https://www.wired.com/2016/10/wired-book-club-ken-liu-interv... The article explains the reasoning as being sensitive to the culture part of it and not the sci-fi portion. Thanks for introducing me to Stafford Beer. How well do you actually know LabVIEW? Have you ever used its object-oriented system, actor framework, network streams, or get/set control value by indices (a feature actually implemented for SpaceX) functionalities? These are all things a professional LabVIEW engineer will be familiar with and use. The fact that a system didn't use these means it's either seriously outdated or the person writing it wasn't aware. It sounds like you hate LabVIEW because you worked on a few poorly architected systems, as I don't see anything in your hate for it that actually applies to LabVIEW the language/environment. > If you're not working it essentially full-time, on the same codebase, it's insanely difficult to maintain any non-trivial code. It's hard to maintain any codebase if you're not giving it attention. I would argue that LabVIEW, when properly architected, can be maintained just fine and maybe even easier than other languages. I've done it. LabVIEW is highly performant and excels at throwing data around and processing it and interacting with hardware. Its dataflow nature actually makes it easy to modify and maintain, when done properly. There aren't many languages that make it that easy to make user interfaces and distributed systems. Another language/ecosystem that I would consider for such a system is Elixir/Erlang, but you'll be searching for a user interface solution and lots of hardware drivers. However, with Elixir/Erlang you gain a system even more built for distribution but you lose out a lot on synchronous/sequential performance. C#/F#/.NET are other options to use since NI makes quite a lot of .NET drivers. Just a few clarifications. By get/set control values by indices I meant a specific feature in LabVIEW that allows high-performant updates of front-panel controls. You use these when you have a lot of data being streamed to the front panel. By network streams, I again meant a specific LabVIEW feature ( https://www.ni.com/documentation/en/labview-comms/latest/dat... ) for sending data back and forth over Ethernet. It's a nice high-level library that is performant. It just makes it extremely easy to pass data around. In any big system, these features are a must-have. Also, I wasn't judging, so apologies if it came across that way. :) There's just a difference between little small systems that don't use LabVIEW's features and those that do. Most people who have used LabVIEW to its full extent have completely different complaints than those whose experience revolves around university or internship LabVIEW software, and so I like to point out that LabVIEW isn't fundamentally flawed as a visual language. I think that the when properly architected asterisk applies to any language. LabVIEW is in a difficult situation because there are two huge factors at play. It makes it easy to start off and get things going, but systems inevitably grow beyond their original scope, and so LabVIEW systems are often developed by non-software people but still expected to grow. That's a conflict. The second thing is that more traditionally trained programmers have a mental block when it comes to LabVIEW, so people who do know how to properly modularize code don't pay attention to LabVIEW. So in LabVIEW, you have some experts who do treat it seriously, as if it was any other software system, but then a lot of code that was thrown together by others new to software and to LabVIEW. I would say Python is actually in a very similar situation by being "friendly" to beginners, so there is a ton of bad Python code out there. I once interviewed at a place that had completely sworn off LabVIEW. I couldn't get them to explain why. They just hated it. But then I asked to see their Python code, which is what they had moved to, and I was greeted with a single file that was 10,000+ lines long. And in there I saw some function signatures that were 15-20 lines long (yes, the function's arguments spanned that many lines). So I see that as a disconnect. They hated LabVIEW but didn't know why and loved Python and didn't know why. In either case, they didn't know what they were doing. The .NET APIs NI makes are nice enough, and I have used them before but not to a deep degree. I agree with your complaints. Indeed, implementing an abstract message is awkward, although there was a specific version that did improve the project interface to make that easier at some point. I remember a relief of "finally". Haha. The right-click menu for the actor framework is implemented using project providers and LabVIEW scripting, both of which need massive improvement. It's an awkward process to even get the license to implement project providers as a user. I've just ignored them because I'd rather just write custom tools off to the side that use LabVIEW's application control system manually. And there's also a lot of ideas I have that require scripting, but it's not an easy system to use. I also agree with the actor framework being too bare bones, and there are plenty of things I disagree with in the design. That's why I extended it myself to add in additional support. For example, I added built in messages to notify when an actor is ready, a publish/subscribe mechanism to break out of the recommended hierarchical setup when needed, a streaming actor that you can subscribe to the data it streams out via messages, a finite state machine actor that allows state transitions triggered by messages or internal requests and message mechanisms to notify when this happens to subscribers of the state updates, and some more. > There is no concept of supervision trees, so if you want “let it crash” robustness, you’ll be writing that yourself Yea. I recently learned Elixir/Erlang to some degree. I'd like to have an OTP-like system in LabVIEW. The above extensions are actually already close in some ways. For example, the FSM actor I made is similar to gen_fsm or gen_statem in OTP. > I want to point out that despite how personally ugly I found the experience, I’m not sure there was a better choice. Therein lies the rub. I've searched for one. Despite my complaints about LabVIEW, I end up finding other systems even harder to work with for these applications. Elixir/Erlang are great, but developing a user interface with them will require web-technologies. C#/F#/.NET is the other system I've identified, but it's a fairly complicated ecosystem. And what language allows me to do desktop apps, web apps, web servers, real-time deterministic programming, and FPGA programming all in the same language and environment? It's a tough feature set to replicate and replace. Typed Racket is one option: https://docs.racket-lang.org/ts-guide/ I'd say also that the ML-dialects, such as F#, Ocaml, and SML, are pretty close to a statically typed Lisp/Scheme, at least in the flavor of programming aside from them having better pattern matching built-in. I'd like to see a specifically designed statically typed parenthetical language, basically something that merges Racket and F# but simplifies things a bit. Why does it matter? The remote extensions for WSL and SSH in Visual Studio Code are extremely useful and actually work. Why should we care if they are closed source or not? I wish ocean exploration was seen as sexy as space exploration. We have so much to learn from our oceans. It seems strange to me that we'd rather go to a desert planet than understand the place where life possibly began and that drives many of Earth's systems. I think that many artists serve as a counterexample to this sentiment. Many of them, even ones who eventually become famous, pursue activities without a care of who pays attention and without an end goal. They simply explore and seek out expression, where it almost seems to coming pouring out of them by necessity, obsession, or some combination thereof. Some artists are so prolific, it can be mind boggling. Artists are not given enough credit for their work ethic. There are plenty of artists who would make something, e.g., a movie , even knowing someone wouldn't see it. In response to claims of progress and efficiency, constantly claiming it is done via smoke and mirrors, with what appear to be extreme examples, seems like a good way to be left behind, because it implies there's nothing to learn from others, which is always false. That isn't what I said and completely goes off the rails with and twists what is under discussion. No one said to uncritically accept anything. In fact, the hidden assumption is usually to uncritically accept that anything the U.S. does is the best. I simply implied that to attempt to stay ahead, one needs to not blatantly dismiss and discredit what others do, but this is unfortunately very common place in the U.S., whether it regards China or any other country. I have visited China. Whether there's propaganda or not, it doesn't explain away the amount of nice roads, trains, subways, etc. and the efficiencies of these systems. Coming back to the U.S. felt like stepping back decades when it comes to transportation aside from a few things. China does not magically transport people via smoke and mirrors. They are actually doing it. In my city, it's taken decades to build mere single digit miles worth of above ground train track, and it's still not done. Propaganda on either side does not magically explain away the disparity. I would highly, highly recommend not traveling. My fiancee already has an H-1B, and we were traveling together when all this broke out. She has not been allowed back in the country, and it unlikely she is able to be let back in anytime soon. I have not seen her in over five months, and there is no rainbow in sight as to when she can return. I would like to provide a personal account as to how this has affected me. I am a U.S. citizen, and these draconian, ineffective, and political grandstanding policies have drastically changed my life. In short, I may need to leave my immediate family behind, my job, and restart in another country, almost by force because of these policies and the hidden policies, which are actually much worse than these official declarations. I am engaged to a Chinese citizen, who is an active H-1B visa holder working for a U.S. technology company. We were visiting China in January to both see her family and friends and to do the yearly renewal of her re-entry visa. This latter point is important because it is a mind bogglingly inefficient process that forces people to travel back to their home country to renew a visa they already have and are using to live and work in the U.S. just so they can be able to leave and re-enter. This is just so the U.S. can have the possibility of keeping them out when they want for whatever reason, just as they have in this case. Anyway, the U.S. Consulates shutdown during the outbreak in mid-January, halting her visa processing, needlessly in my mind because she had already accomplished her in-person interview. Then, the U.S. Consulate held her Chinese passport, which had valid visas to other countries, for over a month. This prevented her from going to another country and doing the visa processing there. (It is normally recommended to do the renewal in your home country, for reasons of being stranded wherever you're doing the renewal.) So the U.S. stopped processing her basically finished visa renewal, then held on to her non-U.S. passport preventing her to travel between two countries that aren't the U.S., and now they have kept her out of the country on the point of helping unemployed workers when she already has a job because she was the qualified candidate . This was all in January and February and some of March, long before the "official" bans on visas. I have not seen my fiancee in over five months. It is unlikely I am to see her in 2020 and even 2021. I may eventually be able to travel to China to see her, but it is looking more and more that she will be unable to return to the U.S. any time soon. This is all complicated by the fact that her H-1B is time bound and the Green Card is a lost cause because it takes multiple years to be issued. This is a person who already has a U.S. job that she was more qualified for than U.S. citizens. Just because people are unemployed doesn't magically make them qualified for jobs they already lost out on. It also is unclear what companies who already employ H-1B holders are supposed to do. There is no policy or method to get the fiancee of a U.S. citizen who already holds a valid H-1B back into the U.S. right now, and it's not clear when one will open up. It also makes no sense, from the very beginning, why the U.S. prevented her from returning at any point unless you understand that the U.S. is literally at war with China, immigrants, and non-immigrant workers. All of this is vastly compounded by the inefficiencies, directed by our miserable administration, of the USCIS, because applying for a K-1 visa is not as straightforward as you would think. Even though the H-1B is a dual intent visa, applying for the K-1 visa could see the H-1B process incur delays or even denial. The U.S. government holds immigrants and non-immigrant workers hostage, and this is affecting U.S. business and citizens' personal lives. Right now, it is literally impossible to get someone who has a job in the U.S., has a current H-1B visa, a home, cars, and other assets in the U.S., is engaged to a U.S. citizen, and planned on immediately marrying a U.S. citizen after a "routine" vacation back into the U.S. any sooner than years. This is a pathetic situation. I am a tech worker who has worked for technology companies and national security labs. I am now being forced to think about leaving my parents and brother behind in the U.S. to consider moving outside of the U.S. so that I can continue my life with my fiancee and build my own family. People in this country wax on (whine) about freedoms, but what they are really wanting is to do whatever they want when they want it at the expense of literally anyone else but themselves, including their neighbor. It's nothing but extreme narcissism, and I cannot help but feel this country is a lost cause. The U.S. is an extremist state now, taken over by charlatans and textbook traitors. Yes, I am actively considering to move out of the country. However, this is troublesome too. My parents and brother are still here, and my parents are aging. If I do have kids, I would love for my parents to be around them, and I miss my parents dearly already since I unfortunately live far away, even in the U.S. It doesn't make sense to anyone but the U.S. government. It gives them the right to deny the renewal or re-entry for any reason and then say "too bad, you're in your home country, so our hands are washed of the situation." You must renew your visa in your home country. There is a possibility of doing it in another country, such as Canada, but this is not usually recommended and has a higher probability of failing. Mind you, these are people that already have visas . They are simply being renewed. The secondary effect of this is that it slows down processing of visas, which lowers how many are given out and increases the cost of the USCIS. Although I think this particular thing has existed for a while now, the Trump administration has made it a point to needlessly increase the processing time by making policies to delay the processing. This is a tactic that further slows down the USCIS, making it much more costly, just so that they can point out how costly and inefficient the USCIS is when it is their policies that make those things worse. For example, if you make an application for an H-1B, extension, or renewal, it takes months to prepare the paperwork. Once submitted, the USCIS can send it back, requesting more information. This has become much more common under the Trump administration, because it basically adds a minimum three to six month delay to the process. It gets sent back to the applicant, one must extremely carefully understand the confusing request for more information, provide the information, and resubmit. The USCIS then starts the whole evaluation process back over again. My knowledge comes from immigration lawyers, sponsoring companies, and H-1B holders themselves, all of which spend tens of thousands of dollars on these things. They would have had to miss something, which I doubt, so it's a bit presumptuous of you to say it is incorrect. I am talking about the re-stamping process in which you are able to leave the U.S. and come back, so maybe I used the wrong words. As far as I understand, if you never do this stamping process, you can just stay in the U.S., never leaving while your H-1B remains valid. The process is so overly complicated, it's hard to track. I am not aware of any process in which you can re-stamp an H-1B inside the U.S. You meed to do an in-person interview, and these are done at U.S. Consulates and Embassies, none of which are inside the U.S. Of course, it's difficult to quickly find the information on the official U.S. websites, but here are sites that explain it. http://www.greencardapply.com/question/question17/H1B_Visa_S... https://www.h1base.com/visa/work/h1b%20visa%20stamping/ref/1... Thank you for the kind words and encouragement. Hopefully you are doing well in your situation now. I hope these are temporary, but I imagine they will be temporary until at least January of next year. If the unthinkable happens in November, the prognosis is not good. Even the K-1 visa has large delays, and they aren't even processing any visas at U.S. Consulates in China right now. > Having said that, the story from the OP does not add up: you don't need to renew the visa stamp to stay in the country. The stamp is for crossing the border. My story does add up. We needed to leave the U.S. to visit China, and we also visit Canada sometimes, hence necessitating the stamping process to take place at a U.S. Consulate in China. And it was this process that ended up being indeed a massive hurdle. In fact, so massive it is a major part of what kept my fiancee from returning. This is one of the cruxes of the story. > OK, but that happens only once in the first six years in the U.S. for an H-1B doesn't it? No. At least for Chinese citizens, it is either every year or every two years that you must renew the stamp to be able to leave the U.S. and return. I would advise not trying to dilute the impact of the rules just because you don't know or didn't experience them yourself. You aren't mentioning the country you are from, which also confuses the matter. These things change depending upon the origin country. It is both. There is a dependency in the sense of us going to China necessitated her getting the stamp. But if she wants to leave the U.S. to any country, Canada for example, and return to the U.S., then she needs to go back to China to do the stamping process to enable that. So it's basically required unless you want to just stay in the U.S. for multiple years straight, which is unlikely for international people and also for people in general that like to travel. The course Paradox and Infinity recently started on edX. If you start now, I think it's still possible to get a good enough grade for a certificate. https://www.edx.org/course/paradox-and-infinity People are absolutely obssessed with institutions, mainly via justification of their own passage through those institutions. I have seen it at every level of education where people a notch below them or more on the educational ladder are looked down upon. People holding bachelor's or master's degrees will look down upon those with only an associate's degree or a high school certification. Those with a Ph.D. will look down upon those who don't and elevate those who do. I have both seen this and experienced it. A book that covers this is Disciplined Minds by Jeff Schmidt. Since you mention analysis, I recommend Yet Another Introduction to Analysis and Metric Spaces by Victor Bryant. They should be at the right level and a lot of fun. Another analysis suggestion is Creative Mathematics by H.S. Wall. It is a book that walks a high school level student through creating the proofs themselves. The topic covered is a stripped down version of analysis, calculus, and later even differential geometry. It's really brilliant. Going slow and having fun when you're a teen would be much more productive than going fast and burning out. The Spivak book is a good suggestion and might be a little difficult depending on their actual background. The books by Gelfand mentioned by someone else (there's actually a series of them that cover algebra, functions, coordinates, trigonometry, etc.) would help provide the needed background. The book Conceptual Mathematics is claimed to be aimed at high school students. Maybe give it a whirl and see what happens. If they know calculus, then Advanced Calculus: A Differential Forms Approach by Harold Edwards is a gem. The first three chapters should be readable, as they give heuristic discussions of the topic. Both iPad Pro models, $800 and $1,000 respectively, start at 128GB. And iPads do not accept SD cards. If they do not have access to the Internet on their iPad while on their remote vacation, it is an unrecoverable delete, at least temporarily. Your second suggestion seems like it is blaming the user. How does the user know this is the action Apple will take upon low disk space? Isn't the sane thing that downloads are left alone, whether or not cloud backup is turned on? I just last night watched the below video that covers the code that shows up on Dennis Nedry's computer screen in Jurassic Park. Turns out it's only example code they put up on screen, but this type of stuff is always interesting. The way movies get made is so intriguing! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq2Vkgsams0 In my opinion, this is capitalism at work in its soul-crushing reality, which optimizes growth and profit at all costs. Subscription-based products and services simply make companies much, much more money, very often with a worse user experience. I loathe today's subscription-based and constant update world, where nearly everything you use is sliding around underneath you as it changes and you pay it a monthly fee. > is there anything that cannot be ran in algorithms? The way I see it the only thing stopping me from simulating every atom in a brain is computational power. I am not for sure I understand the specifics of what you mean by "is there anything that cannot be ran in algorithms?", but there are plenty of things that are not computable or decidable in computation. These are theoretical constraints. There are also practical constraints that effectively increase the list of these things. > Once you wrap your mind around what commits, heads and remotes are and learn to rebase you get an incredibly simple and fine-grained control. > Git is like a chef's knife: extremely powerful tool that's dangerous in untrained hands. Although, this is all part of the problem with Git. The problem is that it exposes this fine-grained control and knife's edge to the user by default. There isn't some simpler model that people can work with. I cut my teeth on source-code control with Perforce. Of course, Perforce has many complex features, including stuff like workspaces, which as far as I can tell, Git doesn't have something like that. Anyway, despite its complex feature set, Perforce can be explained in a few minutes. You have some code in the repository. If you want to work on it, you check it out and it gets added to a changelist . If you want exclusive change rights, you can lock it to prevent others. If you want others to see what you're working on, you can shelve your changes without submitting so that they can inspect. When you're done, you submit your changelist . All of this can be done via excellent visual tooling or the command line. I highlighted things with italics because these are the right words for the actions in how Perforce calls them. It's intuitive. For Git, it isn't that simple. You must first explain a wide swath of concepts. I've explained Git to people, even using the GitHub Desktop app. It is very confusing and intimidating to people, and rightfully so. It confuses me, and I did some pretty advanced things with Perforce (and thus source-code control) before. And there's no default visual tooling. Git also has many names for things that are confusing. Also, Git was invented for a very specific purpose: Linux kernel development. The vast majority of development does not need the same complexity that such a niche development process needs. When I recently wanted to do something in Git, I just could not figure it out. Probably simple for a Git expert, which is something I am not, but after searching many forum posts, I gave up because every answer was different and caveated in different ways and wasn't working for me. I installed GitKraken and solved my problem in seconds via a single right-click. Maybe I'm an idiot and I don't understand Git that well; both are likely true. But I am able to understand other complex things, so something is amiss. I think the primary issue is that Git requires me to study it just to use it in basic ways. I have an allergy to overly complex things, and so it's just a constant struggle for me. I tend to use visual tools for merging, diffing, managing commits, etc. so that I stay away from the Git CLI, which exposes the complexity in a non-usable way. Lastly, Git is very narrow minded when it comes to things it controls. It assumes everything should be text. Those are hard decisions to make in organically developed organizations like companies. Part of the problem is that Git, to make it manageable, requires all of these types of concerns and decisions to be addressed, and secondly, it has somehow become the only standard that people have even heard of. There isn't even a decision about which system to use anymore. Having used both, I still prefer Perforce over Git. And if it were up to me, I would take a step back and investigate other offerings like Plastic SCM. But trying to make these decisions is nearly impossible now that Git is treated as a given. > It would be a real service to society IMO if we could find a way to somehow generate enough engagement and energy to challenge the big players without the outrage culture. I'm not being cheeky (see below), but this already exists. It's talking to one another, person to person. :) Social media, at its core, targets the very primal part of our brain and bodies. This is my feeling and observation, and I would be very interested to see if there have been studies that show there are fundamental differences to how people communicate online, primarily via text, versus communicating in person. I would suspect there are differences in that our brain literally responds differently. As I type this, you can't see me. You don't know me. And I can't see nor do I know you. We can't respond to facial expressions or hear the cadence and tone of voice. Many, many times on the Internet, conversations get sidetracked by someone making a joke and then someone taking it too seriously. That's a simple case of online social media interaction, and there are far more complex examples. It's the same thing as working at a company. Often times you hit this moment where you just stop typing a message or an e-mail and just call the other person or go over to their desk. Even with just voice-to-voice communication, things are communicated much faster, and in person is even faster. A lot of this has to do with the process. Online, someone types something and then someone else types another thing in response and so on. In person, it's a more dynamic exchange. So at the core, my hypothesis is that almost all media (such as news) and especially social media are doing nothing but bypassing our natural filters and sensors for understanding things and try to directly target our inner primal self. As we can see online, humans are innately primal, especially when you remove all of our other evolved methods of understanding and empathy. When people see someone online say something they vehemently disagree with, they immediately ignore all possibilities and empathetic responses. We go straight to the core of finding the thing we hate about what they just said and then let them know that. However, if a stranger on the train says something like this, we often let it go. If we do engage, we are much more empathetic about their feelings and thoughts, both for human and societal reasons. Given this, I think it's essentially impossible to build an online community that is directly based upon this type of communication. It's tough enough to build one in person with people you know. And as we've all experienced over the past months, even digital face-to-face communication is hard. There's still dynamics missing like low-latency, body language, tone, hand motions, subtleties of voice, etc. I view it as an API or architecture diagram. If one drew one out for human communication, there's a lot of abstraction built upon our inner primal workings. But modern media, the Internet, and now social media has given a way to bypass all of that. The inner core can be accessed directly via advertisements, news, social media, propaganda, forums, etc., and now the Internet is like a connection between all these primal cores. It's why it's so insane. Adam Curtis' documentary All Watched Over by Machines of Loving Grace covers this. The grandparent comment extended the conversation to all of China's actions. I think it's relevant to discuss the horrors the U.S. has enacted upon the world, if only for a practical reason. That reason is that to understand how to solve problems elsewhere, you first need to understand how to solve the same type of problems in your neck of the woods. The U.S. spent the latter half of the 20th century and has continued since then exporting its way of doing things through military action. For example, I recently learned of Salvador Allende. He was a president of Chile that won a democratic election based upon his socialist campaign. He said what he was going to do and was elected by the people. The U.S. tried for years to thwart his election, and when he won, the U.S. directly supported, if not organized and enacted, a coup that ended in success, for the coup, and Allende taking his own life upon being surrounded. This is sickening. How can the U.S. and its people in good conscience decry other countries' actions when we do the same thing to other countries beyond our own borders? The U.S. still holds prisons that imprisons foreigners without charge and without cause. How can the U.S. decry China for imprisoning its own citizens? I am not supporting anything here. I am merely trying to explain that things matter and are connected, and you cannot view things with tunnel vision. The other reason is one of perception. If the U.S. wants change in China and elsewhere, one needs to understand the political and social repercussions of one's own actions. This is called if you want to talk the talk, you must walk the walk. The U.S. primarily talks the talk while the rest of the world sees how the U.S. does not walk the walk. The U.S. does the very things it decries in another countries. This is very harmful. I think it's likely they are two different types of humility in Feynman's case, whether it's external vs internal humility or problem solving vs social humility or what have you. It does seem to me that Feynman had a humility in how he approached problems that was bolstered by confidence, or perhaps lack of social humility. The advice he gives in the letter is to be humble in how one approaches which problems to solve. I think it's good advice. The U.S. has explicitly suppressed plenty of other governments before, both for ideological and economic reasons. Read about Salvatore Allende, who was elected via a democratic process in 1970s Chile on a socialist reform platform and then was subsequently overthrown and killed, via suicide after being surrounded, with heavy involvement via the U.S. CIA. China has not typically gone beyond their own historical borders, and when they have, it is miniscule compared to how the U.S. has. That is immaterial to the discussion. The intended point of my comment was to provide a counterpoint to yours. The things you listed in either comment do not absolve the U.S. from its vast influence via warfare for its own ideological and economic gains, which is what your original comment that I replied to was trying to do. I think the main issue is that we have simply outpaced ourselves in that our technological progress far exceeds our emotional progress, which is essentially locked in to our biological makeup. So I think your latter point is on point. I don't know how to solve these issues, and I don't think we can. Humans were not made for the technology we've gifted ourselves. I am reminded of Christmas Island that is mentioned in Planet Earth II, episode 1. It describes an island with a crab that flourished there for millions of years. Human settlers brought a type of non-native ant to the island, the yellow crazy ant, and it turns out that the ant can easily kill the crabs, which have zero protection against the ants' attack. This shows there are moments in which life presents change in which there is no going back. The crabs are not able to evolve quickly enough against the ants, and the ants must be controlled by humans to even give the crabs a chance. Why I was reminded of this is because I feel technology is the ant, and us humans are both the crabs and humans who brought the ant. There's a quote by David Attenborough that stuck with me: "the greatest threat they [the crabs] face is change". I feel we've reached a turning point in which we've changed things forever, and I see no indication that things will get better or that we'll be able to adapt. I feel we are simply biologically limited, both in intelligence and emotional composition, to handle the worlds we continue to create. And now I am reminded of a speech by El Jefe in The Counselor , written by Cormac McCarthy. It shouldn't be surprising that McCarthy is a resident scholar at The Santa Fe Institute, the only author to have such an appointment to my knowledge. > Actions create consequences which produce new worlds, and they’re all different. Where the bodies are buried in the desert, that is a certain world. Where the bodies are simply left to be found, that is another. And all these worlds, heretofore unknown to us, they must have always been there, must they not? > Counselor, at some point, you have to anknowledge the reality of the world you're in. There is not some other world. This is not a hiatus. > I would urge you to see the truth of the situation you’re in, Counselor. That is my advice. It is not for me to tell you what you should have done or not done. The world in which you seek to undo the mistakes that you made is different from the world where the mistakes were made. You are now at the crossing. And you want to choose, but there is no choosing there. There’s only accepting. The choosing was done a long time ago. > I don’t mean to offend you, but reflective men often find themselves at a place removed from the realities of life. In any case, we should all prepare a place where we can accommodate all the tragedies that sooner or later will come to our lives. But this is an economy few people care to practice. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellow_crazy_ant#Impact_on_C... https://youtu.be/X89AXNO6TBw They also have a history of reverting back to poor worker treatment. I forgot the statistics, but the accident rate for their workers is quite high. I recently read an article about the lead safety engineer being told that Elon Musk doesn't like the color yellow, so that's why they couldn't paint yellow safety lines on the ground. Just think about that. Are you going from their own blog post? I would be suspicious of any claims by Tesla. Also, it has been reported that they underreport injuries. Musk continually pulls the same tactics that Trump does, except that Musk is applauded for it. The methods are the same: lie, confuse, insult, make grand claims. https://www.businessinsider.com/tesla-factory-injuries-incom... https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2020/03/07/tesl-m07.html How are they an energy or logistics company? What products or services do they sell that fit those categories? > I do believe it's made a big enough push already to spark the change to clean energy Are there studies that show this? I don't see or know how any push in cars, electric or not, is necessarily moving us toward cleaner transportation much less clean energy. Thank you the links. I will read them in more detail, but at first glance, they don't address what I am asking. If you look at an EV versus ICE car in isolation, the EV is definitely greener. However, if we look at the whole system and process of electric energy production, gas production, battery production and disposal, etc., I have not seen analyses that compare which is actually greener. I would love to be pointed to this, as I have tried to find it! As far as I can tell from my searching, they are essentially overall the same, except that the effects are spread around in time and place. Now, I can assume that there is a tacit argument that putting more electric vehicles on the road increases the demand for clean energy because electric vehicles tax electricity production heavier, which is not that green now. However, are electric cars really the primary driving factor for clean electricity production? Actual clean energy production is obviously extremely important. Also, I don't understand how continually building more and more cars gets us to a cleaner future. I imagine whenever self-driving cars arrive, we'll all just be sitting in packed streets. That doesn't feel necessarily cleaner or futuristic. That's still a vehicle isn't it? Are semi-truck makers considered logistics companies? Thanks. I didn't realize or had forgotten it was Tesla that sold the solar panels. Thanks for the link! That's the first time I've seen an analysis like that in terms of the time it takes for a crossover event. It'll take longer to read through their full report. Although, it does exclude the environmental impact of the battery disposal problem, at least in the summary article. And yea, I'm not looking forward to the self-driving "utopia". I feel it's solving the wrong problems and will create wholly new problems. I think you're throwing out whataboutism in a sort of ironic way. It would maybe (see below) be whataboutism if I was Chinese. I'm a U.S. citizen. I am not deflecting criticism against myself, the U.S., or China. I'm not deflecting any criticism at all, so nothing I said is whataboutism. I am simply asking people to think about and consider the problems and practical ways of understanding how to solve them. You cannot simply dismiss hypocrisy as whataboutism. Apparently you and everyone else throwing around this term would dismiss the common phrase of "look inward first" as whataboutism. > as far as 2 goes, galaxies are all atoms interacting after all. Although, galaxies aren't just made of things only made out of atoms. Most of the important stuff is not simply composed of atoms: black holes, stars, neutron stars, pulsars, dark matter, etc. For some reason, we humans don't apply system design to all the systems we build. If we were designing a system from scratch, no one would choose only two primary modes of transportation, cars and planes, and then tack on the rest. Instead, we'd choose a variety of modular, de-coupled ways with flexible interfaces to get around: walking, biking, scooters/motorcycles, cars, buses, subways, trains, and planes. Yes, we have all these today, but they are not used. Cars and planes do everything from long distance to short distance trips. Bicyclists, motorcyclists, scooters, and pedestrians are, often literally, sidelined and treated as annoyances. Instead, we should be using the best tools for the job and designing cities to support these variety of ways. In the U.S., we've given corporations such massive power and leverage that it breaks the system design process. Corporations aren't interested in building holistic systems. They want to build funnel systems that funnel people into their products, just as the car companies did back in the mid-twentieth century to kill off mass transportation methods to instead sell individuals and families the car. The U.S. could choose to be a world leader in this if it wanted, but it doesn't want to. > the chance of a virus like SARS-CoV-2 suddenly arising is fairly low I don't know if misleading is the right word, but this isn't the whole story and could in fact mislead people. What we should be taking from this breakout is that although potentially not that likely, they are becoming more and more likely. What's bothering me is all this focus on the wrong things. We need to already be preparing for the next spillover event for the next virus, but that isn't even close to being on the table, much less discussed or even mentioned. We shouldn't and can't be treating this as a singular event, but many are. I learned this from the below article: http://nautil.us/issue/83/intelligence/the-man-who-saw-the-p... >> Are spillover events more common now than 50 years ago? > Yes. EcoHealth Alliance, an NGO, and others, looked at all reported outbreaks since 1940. They came to a fairly solid conclusion that we’re looking at an elevation of spillover events two to three times more than what we saw 40 years earlier. That continues to increase, driven by the huge increase in the human population and our expansion into wildlife areas. The single biggest predictor of spillover events is land-use change—more land going to agriculture and more specifically to livestock production. Do we actually know this virus evolved in bats? To my knowledge, bats are simply a carrier, and the viruses they carry don't necessarily evolve in bats themselves (this should be checked). It seems possible the virus came from somewhere else. Bats are definitely not the only carrier of viruses, so it's dangerous to think they're the only animals to worry about. There are millions of viruses out there carried by all sorts of animals. http://nautil.us/issue/83/intelligence/the-man-who-saw-the-p... https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-020-01096-z What are you suggesting is a delaying tactic? What is the thing being delayed? > Countries have literally been bombed over far fewer deaths. This virus, itself, isn't anti-American or "terrorist" enough for the U.S. to wage war against, yet it's far deadlier. But carriers does not necessarily equal bats. I'm not for sure exactly what you mean by immutable variables, but if you are referring to Erlang not being able to rebind variables, then you might check out Elixir, which does have variable rebinding. All data in Erlang and Elixir is immutable but the rebinding of variables is handled differently between the two. http://blog.plataformatec.com.br/2016/01/comparing-elixir-an... I don't think that's necessarily what the person I replied to is talking about, given their language, which is why I asked. ---- I've been meaning to find some time and go through the Pharo MOOC. Would love to learn the language and environment. https://mooc.pharo.org/ I must be the odd one out because I couldn't jive with the course's presentation style when I tried to take it to see what the hype was all about. It felt like Joel Osteen was trying to teach me computer science. I don't mean to be flippant and don't read too much into that comment (it's just what came to mind), but it's just that the slicked up, overly produced style just turns me off from learning. I much prefer a calmer environment and a lecturer that seems like I could have a relaxed conversation with. The course feels like it's selling me something. I also don't understand why the course seems to cover everything and the kitchen sink. It covers a rather wide swath of material and programming languages. It's my personal learning and teaching style that courses should be more focused and concise. The course content also seems very trendy and software engineering job-oriented, and I think learning should be removed from trends. My fear is that students will come out of the course with a very narrow view of computer science such that they think C, Python, HTML/CSS/JS, SQL are the only games in town. Are MLs (SML, Ocaml, F#) or Lisps/Schemes mentioned at all in this course? I don't even see the point in teaching C as an intro language anymore. Python as well, which has nothing going for it as a language aside from library support and industry use. I'd be interested in how both students and other professors at Harvard feel about the course's success given their experience in courses that follow. > It is selling you into the world of computer science I personally don't like being sold something when learning and feel like there's a fine line between something being sold and something being presented as important or interesting. I acknowledge this is a strong personal preference. > It's an "intro" course. In fact, this intro course covers way more than what colleges in the US do for an intro course. Well, that's part of my problem with it. If it's an intro course, why throw so much into it? If it's meant to survey a lot of things, then why not provide a wider view? Having not taken the course, I am speculating here, but I would guess there's two outcomes to a student taking the course. They either get a superficial view of what they cover or things are covered at such a pace by going both deep and wide that there isn't time to properly ingest everything. That's why I am curious of hearing about actual outcomes from people taking the course. Courses that cover too much, for me, get me thinking in too many directions to be useful. > Nope, and why should they be? I was just asking the question, not saying they should be. But I do feel it's a bit of a disservice not mentioning them given that they inspired a wide swath of today's modern programming features. I also feel they are the ideal teaching languages, especially for intro courses. > David Malan answers this here: https://qr.ae/pNsCkQ I'm fairly unconvinced by that answer, which is rather predictable. Why is it important it's close to hardware? There's nothing stopping you from implementing data structures or exploring buffer overflows in other languages. Mathematicians don't start teaching students mathematics by being "close to the hardware". If they did, we'd start off the university education with real analysis, topology, and abstract algebra. Instead, calculus is the primary starting point, which sits at the right level of abstraction. C is exactly at the wrong level of abstraction. It's too far away from the hardware to really understand the hardware software interaction in depth, and it's too low-level to understand the more useful abstractions in computer science and programming. I personally view abstraction as the key point in learning programming and computer science, and C is probably the worst language you could pick for that. The approach found in Nand2Tetris and the book The Elements of Computing Systems is far more interesting if one wants to truly understand how software stacks on top of software that stacks on top of hardware. Thanks for the encouragement! Yes, I've seen the English dubbing, as I've watched the few videos or so. It seems like an interesting language, and I really like the idea of interactive programming systems. It's similar to what I use and the languages I am interested in, but I haven't given a Smalltalk system proper learning time. I feel it's an area of computer science that has not received much attention. If programming languages and their environments were more interactive and gave better feedback, then I feel I don't need all sorts of fancy stuff like dependent types, which really seem to excite people. If the system's interactability and feedback is good enough, I, the programmer, can make the right decisions, which is the primary challenge when programming. The amount of narcissism these people (the Koch's, for example) have is just astounding. If you're a billionaire, what could possibly be a reasonable explanation for why you even care about the post office? Why are these people so hell bent on hurting people to feed their own narcissism? The USPS could be improved but struggles primarily due to active efforts to kill it off. But it's a wonderful idea of a service that definitely should exist and be improved. What's next to kill off? Libraries? Public schools? The USPS, libraries, public schools provide basically guaranteed service to anyone, anywhere. They're wonderful institutions. Are they perfect? No. But very few institutions are, and these provide a helpful service to people. We should focus on improving them instead of spending so much money to kill them. I've learned that the USPS has free package pickup since someone is basically guaranteed to be in your neighborhood every day, which has been a wonderful service during this viral breakout. By having USPS pickup my small packages, it keeps me out of their stores away from other people and employees. I simply purchase a label online and schedule the free pickup, next day if it's a weekday. It's a minimum of $11 for UPS to come pickup your package at a residential address, even if they're already coming to your address for another delivery that same day. The same argument of being harmful to competition could be extended to schools and libraries and . It's just mind blowing why we should care about companies more than people. So what if it's harmful to competition? What merit does that have? (These aren't questions for you. They're rhetorical.) I agree with you in that wealthy people are given too much power in the U.S. In the U.S., becoming wealthy has somehow become a fast pass to do basically whatever you want and inflict change that could affect millions of people negatively or be self-beneficial (to the wealthy person) or both. Allowing individuals to accumulate so much wealth is just not good for the common people, and the fact that our government is so inept at managing money isn't a good enough reason to allow individuals to reach such power and wealth. If they are allowed to accumulate such wealth, there should be much stronger laws preventing their influence in government policies. > Are they better than the status quo though? Yes. No question. The socioeconomic situation in the U.S. is so poor that some of the top things public schools offer their attendees is food, water, shelter, and socialization. The people benefiting from these aspects have 0% of attending private schools. The fact that public schools are struggling with their educational duties is a political one and not one inherent to the service being public. It is the wrong perspective to only view public services as businesses. > It isn't- for most, it is about preventing the waste that tends to happen when organizations (be they corporations or government bureaucracies) become complacent and uncompetitive. You have a much different experience with companies than I do then. I have been hung up on by UPS customer service. I have had to simply stop ordering from Amazon because they were delivering greater than 50% of books damaged, forcing me to waste time and money returning them despite numerous reports and complaints. There was nothing I could do and not a single person cared. It's because these companies don't care about providing a service. They care about making money. And my problems as a customer weren't enough for them to lose money on, so they weren't problems to them. Does the USPS have problems? Yes. But at least in those cases I can actually find an actual person, usually local, to speak to. But that isn't the point. You're arguing that somehow companies aren't complacent when that is my exact opposite experience, especially with delivery companies. > That doesn't mean that you should assume the worst from the people you disagree with. Where did I do that? Especially in the case of USPS, the Koch's complaining about so-called unfair competition is exactly caring about companies more than people. That's very perceptive. Thanks for bringing that up. If that truly is part of the case, it's even more dastardly than I thought. That doesn't seem to make sense to me. We should give people money only to remove services, increasing their costs, likely far beyond any basic income could provide for? > The idea that it’s purely narcissistic is without merit. Privatization is about fostering competition to ensure better products are created. This fostering competition business is often a false narrative. If the USPS was dissolved, there would be hardly anything compelling UPS or FedEx to pick up its services. If they did, they'd be at an increased cost to consumers. > Just because the USPS works as is does not mean it couldn’t be better. In my original comment, I explicitly said "The USPS could be improved but struggles primarily due to active efforts to kill it off. But it's a wonderful idea of a service that definitely should exist and be improved." The problem is that the USPS is in a chokehold by politicians, starving it of funds and increasing its costs, yelling at it "why can't you do better?" Talk about "fair" competition. Of course public services should be improved. > But the more we keep failing at things like public schools the more I’m inclined to align with privatization. As I mentioned in my original comment, we should focus on improving these things. Public schools are poor for a variety of reasons, primarily political, and their problems are not inherent to their existence as a public service. My mom was a teacher for decades, as were her family members. I've seen why schools struggle, and it's not simply because they're a public service. > But you can’t fake incentive. What is the USPS incentive to do better? What is UPS or FedEx's or any other company's incentive to do better? More capital and more money. Their incentive isn't to make people's lives better. It's to earn more money. It just so happens that these can overlap, but company's have few incentives to provide services to people. That's the entire point of public services. It's because there isn't an incentive for companies to provide them in a way that's beneficial and cost effective for the common people. As far as I can tell, this article gives no definition of what they mean by "successfully translate" in their testing. I would think it should be equivalent to the typical use of porting, which usually means you move the codebase from one language to another, reproduce all existing functionality, introduce no new bugs, and maintain relative performance. I am not seeing anything in this article other than their translator translates functions to functions. It also doesn't mention what failure looks like. Does it mean bugs are introduced? Does it mean the translator doesn't return? How are the percentages arrived at? Also, I don't fully understand the why, which is also not really addressed. What problem is automatically translating a mess of a code base (I am assuming it's a mess, otherwise, why would you want to port it) to another programming language, leaving the mess in place, solving? Isn't the idea of porting to another language usually to help improve the codebase and/or to help integrate it into some other system? Is the idea of automatic translators that it does the "heavy" lifting that is then gone in and cleaned up by experts of the new language? How do you manage the failures, since that would seem you'd still need an expert in the original language? In another article, "Depression, Anxiety, Panic Disorders Can Fend Off Perseverance Toward Life Goals". Unfortunately, I find this article seems to be supporting the ol' "pull yourself up by the bootstraps" method of treating mental disorders. What were the other aspects of the study? Were medications monitored? What level of therapy was being given? I don't see anything in the article that suggests it couldn't have been the case that those that improved in their battle with mental disorders had also been under the effect of successful medication and therapy and thus their perseverance toward or even identification of life goals was made possible through that. How did you approach this in your workspace and successfully steer people away from C and C++? I have successfully avoided C and C++ my entire career, for good reasons, but I am getting more and more interested in doing more true embedded system type of work. Rust is certainly the leading candidate for me. To learn, have some fun, and think differently and more optimally. Most of the older and more mainstream programming languages like Python, Java, C, C++, etc. are simply uninspired. They have very mainstream and convoluted ways of thinking that bind you in ways that I personally can't take. When I program, I try and think of the problem and possible solutions in the same way that I would if working with a human colleague. That is, I design systems in a human way. I try to program in such a way that maps to how I would explain the domain to someone else and not how the computer thinks of it. Thus, I primarily think in terms of data, transformations on that data, interactivity, and concurrent or parallel operations. This approach almost chooses languages for me. My primary languages I am learning and using at home right now are F#, Racket, and Elixir. These are new (-ish) languages with new ideas based upon the strong foundation of old languages that had revolutionary ideas, so it's not surprising I landed on these, for me personally. Also, although each one is a complex language, they each have a simple core, which is another plus. Then there are visual languages like TouchDesigner and LabVIEW. However, the curse is finding a place that uses the road less traveled because it requires the company and its employees to have made the non-standard choice and to consider the tools as important as whatever else they're working on. There are few places that use newer languages, but I am trying to become more agressive in just using them at my work. If they solve problems in an efficient way, you shouldn't necessarily need to ask for permission. People can be trained. Nobody asks for permission when they use Python or C or whatever else. They use it because that's all they know. The other way is to merge your personal interests with work by creating your own company, but that is an obvious high hurdle. When using new languages, there is the problem of ecosystem, particularly in libraries. However, I am of the opinion that this isn't as big of a problem as often reported. It's a problem but not the no-go problem it is usually presented as. > It's just a normal service like any other. Normal companies do that just fine. No, they don't. Like others have mentioned USPS delivers to anyone in the extended U.S. with sane prices. They also provide sane international shipping prices. USPS also provides other services like free shipping materials and free pickup. Hiding these and the other services they provide behind companies who only care about the bottom line would hurt people who couldn't afford the services or simply have services they're used to dropped. > One aspect of UBI is that poor people would be less at the mercy of the rich. That is a very strong statement that I don't think can be claimed at this point. In my opinion, I feel things will simply shift under UBI. People will receive UBI, but then other things, like rent, food, etc. will all just magically get more expensive. I cannot see any implementation of UBI working any better than things now unless the predatory nature of those in power is put in check. > They should depend on real assets that help them live more self sufficiently outside of their employment. That is simply an impossibility for the majority of people. > I don’t think most people in poverty will work their way out of it. It’s a mindset and a lifestyle, in addition to a reality. The way "it's a mindset and a lifestyle" reads is very harsh and diminishes the complexity of why poor people stay poor. The burden is on answering: why not? What protections are in place now or are being proposed that would prevent such shifts? People in power, i.e. those with money, don't like giving up money or potential profit. Without protections in place, prices will simply rise or adjust and people will stop worrying about unemployment. In the end, it just puts a different label on things, creating another category for poor people, and I doubt it actually improves anyone's lives. This is because the problems aren't necessarily all at the bottom. The majority of the source of problems are at the top of the socioeconomic ladder. > Supply&demand does work. Works for whom? That statement makes an implication of blame on those that are poor while absolving those that are wealthy from being a participant in the situation. > I see this line of thinking a lot, but it's a bad one. You can't just state that and it be true. > It's understandable that people think like this in a place like SF where landlords have grabbed up a lot of salary increases, but it really doesn't work that way. Yet, it does work that way. In every city I have ever lived in, it's worked that way. For rent in particular, any excuse that more can be paid leads to higher rent prices. A company built a new office nearby? Rent goes up. More "affluent" people are moving into a particular area? Rent goes up. And so on. > If it was true, rents would keep climbing to 90+% of incomes but they don't. Why? That's not the implication. Rent increases are done in a cleverly predatory way. Often times, rent is increased in small to medium steps but frequently, and the notice of such rent increases is notified in the minimum (if that) time legally required. That often leaves renters stuck because there are other, big surprise, expensive barriers to moving. Rent is a predatory system that maximizes the amount of rent that can be collected. That doesn't mean it goes to 90% of incomes as you claim, which nobody else is claiming. My overall point is not about just rent. By providing UBI and not putting other protections and improvements in place, a capitalistic society will not just sit around and leave meat on the bones. Things will simply shift and people will still be in poverty. A poor educational system will still be there. Creditors will still be around. Etc. You are ignoring how those choices come about. It is a complex issue. The relevant analogy is people telling those struggling with depression and anxiety to just stop being depressed and anxious. It doesn't work that way. There are other problems and barriers in the chemical imbalances in the brain that lead to these disorders. Yes, people with these conditions can have mindsets and make decisions, caused by both the disorders and potentially their natural psychology, that are not conducive to getting out or that got them in in the first place, but those are not the cause. The thinking and mindset is more of a multiplier or a catalyst to the underlying cause of chemical imbalances. The same thing goes for those in poverty and in the lower class. Yes, mindset and decisions can lead to worse off poverty or a situation where you can't climb out of it. But those are not the primary causes in the general case. (Of course there are always exceptions and edge cases.) What are the causes? In my opinion, it's rampant consumerism (buyers don't just make the choices independent of other influences, they are heavily influenced and emotionally hacked to make the choices they do), a poor educational system, a poor support structure such as the problems with health insurance, racism and many other -isms, general socioeconomic inequalities and segregation, monopolies, capitalism, the credit system, city infrastructure and the requirement to own cars, the movement of jobs into cities, etc. And all of these have secondary effects that all feed into each other. It isn't clear how UBI solves these and doesn't just shift things around. I get the idea of UBI, but it seems to place all the blame on poor people. So like I said, the situation is complex and can't be summarized by "poor people are poor because of their mindset and lifestyle choices". Yes, in the same way that saying wealthy people are wealthy because of their mindset and lifestyle choices is mistaken. I indeed missed "some percentage" when replying. Sorry about that. You can view my response as an elaboration of my original complaint above, which is basically what it became anyway. Regarding UBI, I currently can't understand its potential effectiveness when more comprehensive reforms seem to be also missing. People are not being educated, employed, fed, given healthcare, etc., and I almost feel that UBI is going to blossom into this excuse to forget about those problems and thus the people facing those problems while minimally giving them chips to still play and lose at the table. So you're saying that it's hypothetically everyone then? I say hypothetically because the U.S. is only partially a free market (i.e., not a free market), and so that makes any appeal to the "free market" hold little water. In what way is the increasing ratio of rent to income working for renters? When I get a promotion, does everyone in the country get a promotion? A promotion is also private to everyone but the IRS, who does increase costs through tax, especially for the lower and middle class. The analogy you present doesn't make sense. I mentioned this in another comment, but I fear UBI will be an excuse for those in power to have even less incentive to care about other problems like education, healthcare, the credit system, consumerism, etc. I fear it will be the case of "we're giving you free money, what more do you want?" from the government and wealthy. The Santa Fe Institute's Complexity Explorer offers a course called Introduction to Agent-Based Modeling that uses NetLogo. Here's a link to an archive of the most recent course. https://www.complexityexplorer.org/courses/101-introduction-... I have always viewed hard, firm, and soft as a description of the ware's malleability. Hardware is not easily changed or updateable, if at all. Firmware is typically code deployed to stay in hardware like an EEPROM, flash, or FPGA, where it can be changed but not necessarily dynamically or easily. Software is able to be easily molded and changed. This is a really silly argument. There is an art to building software, no doubt, in terms of it being a craft. But I think you've misspoken about functional things being artistically beautiful. What you really should mean is that functional things can be aesthetically beautiful, which is true and different. Art is primarily defined by expression and exploration, particularly revolving around human emotions. Software products, in the end, do not fit this category. There is a vast difference. Edit: I defined it elsewhere a bit smoother. I define art as the exploration of emotional expression. Art products are the end result of that exploration. Live acts or art or performances could be viewed as a sort of merger between the two, either as a reenactment of the exploration or as a new exploration happening in the moment. That is really diluting the difference between art and software, so much so that it's almost comical. I define art as the exploration of emotional expression, and software simply does not fit into that category except in the cases of using software as a tool or mechanism in the exploration. The "need" in creating art is often described by artists in that the act of creation is fulfilling an internal need. Writers, musicians, etc. often describe their works as pouring out of them, almost by necessity. This is rarely the case for software and engineering products which seek to fulfill an external need. Software, like engineering, seeks to solve problems. Art can but does not in general. I personally find it mindblowing and a bit disturbing that I see people in this thread equating software to art. It's a bit disrespectful and elitist to claim that they're the same. Artist make pennies and are being forced by market dynamics to change their expression to merely survive. Meanwhile, software engineers make six figures and retire early playing a game of connect the dots. It's flippant to those artists who struggle for years and years in the hopes of even a modicum of support or recognition and live on pennies. While I enjoy Kpop, I don't feel it's necessarily a great model for artistic expression. It's an industry where fake is the status quo. Kpop is not selling people music per se. It's selling people this idea that you could be an idol or be friends with an idol or be a partner of an idol. It's an emotional hack like a carrot being dragged in front of you. I personally like a lot of Kpop for the strange music production that comes out of it with bands like Red Velvet, Mamamoo, Stellar, Lim Kim, Dalsooobin, Dal Shabet, etc., but that is really more of a side effect of Kpop's main product. It's a bit disrespectful to reply to someone saying something's depressing by bluntly saying it's not. It's not up to you to judge what they find depressing. I also find it depressing. It's a societal problem that we do not value art in the same way that we value science and technology. We see it everywhere from the STEM myth to arts educational programs and artists struggling just to survive. Even earning my living in science and technology, I personally have grown to believe art is far more important for human progress and development than science and technology. It's a real problem that we blindly let markets decide what is important because it is in fact humanity's lack of progress emotionally, which is unfortunately tied strongly to our biology, but our insane progress in technology that causes almost all of our problems. Can you elaborate on what you're referring to or talking about? Of course there are loads of software that people use in art. But in the end, those are still solving a problem and are not art. Examples are TouchDesigner, Processing, Logic, Studio One, Pure Data, vvvv, and much more. These software products are not art themselves but are rather solutions to problems to allow artists to create art easier. They are not art products, in my opinion, since they aren't the result of an exploration of expression. Where the line is blurred for me is in live coding artistic performances. The software there is considered part of the art, as part of the performance. But even then, the software is a tool. If a person uses a hammer in a live art piece, is the hammer now suddenly art? No, I wouldn't think so. It's a tool serving as a utility or maybe medium. It isn't art itself. The art is the performance. Of course there are always exceptions which cannot be captured in every argument. Something that blurs the line is something like DIN . But see, in such a software product, we begin to see expression and not just a thing solving a problem or being a tool. Similarly with Orca (although I wish they would change the name so as to not interfere with actual orcas which some populations are in danger of going extinct). https://dinisnoise.org/ I define art to be the exploration of emotional expression. If you disagree with that definition, that's fine, as the debate as to "what is art?" is certainly a valid one. But please note the discussion context. The original comments I've replied to are "software is equivalent to art", and I disagreed. There are vast differences. My assumption is that it is people involved in software making this claim, and that is where the elitism comes from. > Software is the product of expression. What emotional content are you expressing when you write software? When someone writes a book or music or paints a painting or live performs an art piece, they are expressing emotional content, feelings, stories, etc. Please view my other responses, as I don't want to repeat myself here, but art is different than " as an art", which relates to art as in craft, and it's also different from things being aesthetically pleasing. If we're going to dilute the term of what art is so much, then it's pointless to just stop at "software is art", as we should then just say "everything is art" and stop using the word. > They both can evoke emotion while experiencing. That's a poor definition. If something simply evokes emotion, that doesn't make it art. Literally everything evokes emotions in humans. > Who retires first debate: the famous musician or famous programmer is still unsettled. It's usually not best to discuss edge cases and is better to stick with the general population. Your general software developer is going to be many times well off than your general artist. > Classically an artist put themselves in difficult situations in order to grow as a person so the art can say more. Don't be angry at others making money because an artist has choosen a different path. You're implying that artists intentionally suffer? Some artists may, but I think it's more the case that most artists are not given a choice, which was basically the original discussion here. The discussion started off as musicians are now having to compromise and shift from creating music as their end product to simply using music as part of the marketing component of a brand, image, lifestyle, etc. And no one said to be mad at people making money. But the people sitting in one of the most well-paid positions in history, i.e. software developers, shouldn't be making loose allusions to what they do is the same as people living in poverty and the lower class struggling for society to recognize as what they do as useful. I can agree with that to a degree. Of course, the gut reaction to any statement is typically the more emotional one. :) However, I find that they didn't really make a statement about how they view art, although elaboration would help. I think people are confusing things being artistic versus being aesthetic. When people say "code absolutely can be art", I find it's too generic that it does indeed become a silly statement. It dilutes what art is and is overly biased to code, especially since it's likely to be coming from a software developer. What I really think someone means by "code can be art" is that "code can be aesthetically pleasing", the latter of which I agree with. There's also a difference between " as an art" as in doing the thing can be an art or craft and also calling the thing art. Games certainly can be art! But I don't see how that conflicts with what I said or serves as a counterexample. Games are not just software products. They are the culmination of work by artists, designers, writers, and engineers. The end product is often an artistic piece, and a rather interesting one. Games being art doesn't suddenly mean software products are art. The software itself helps drive the art but is not the art itself. I feel a good way to think about it is that software and code running the game is not art in the same way that the paint in a painting is not art. My favorite game designer is Fumito Ueda. His games of Ico , Shadow of the Colossus , and The Last Guardian are prime examples of games can be art. > Videogames are software products though so are a prime example of software products that are art. Did you think about or read what I described? Because I specifically addressed how I think video games being art does not make software products and code art. You aren't elaborating and then just restating an opinion I've already discussed. If video games being art means that software products and/or code is art, then you need to consider that the material (paint, metal, etc.) used in paintings and sculptures is art as well and all the other repercussions of such a conclusion. No one would argue that. The paint in paintings is part of the medium and brushes and other such things are part of the tools of the process. In the case of video games, the software is a kind of both tool and medium of how that art is created and experienced. No one is saying software can't be a medium for art, but it isn't the art itself. And again, like I've already said, I don't think video games can simply be defined as software products. Other things called software products, like mobile apps, also have artists and designers, but there the situation is even more removed from art because the app is not expressing anything but is rather solving a problem, providing a service, or giving functionality. > To quote your own recent definition of software That quote has nothing to do with this discussion, so I'm not really sure why you're pulling it here. It was from a completely different post, and a non-native English speaker had remarked about how they had thought that the firm in firmware meant something else. I wasn't defining software but rather discussing how hard, firm, and soft in hardware, firmware, and software could be thought of. > Not to mention the other examples you studiously avoided. I didn't avoid anything. I didn't feel I had anything to say that adds to the discussion without repeating what I already said. Yes, they're examples. And? I didn't say that. And just repeatedly stating something doesn't make it true, especially if others disagree and you refuse to elaborate, discuss, or explain. It's also just another case where those not in power who attacked those in power are swiftly and promptly dealt with versus those in power perpetuating the same attacks go free. I would rather see them gloat over putting people with real power and influence with their attacks in jail versus bragging about locking up teenagers and people in their early twenties. There's a quote in the article, "There is a false belief within the criminal hacker community that attacks like the Twitter hack can be perpetrated anonymously and without consequence", which just reiterates this perception of the justice system being "hard" on crime. Yet it conveniently ignores being soft on crime if you're rich or in power. While that percentage is low, it doesn't tell the whole story. Private prisons are certainly a major symptom of the problem with our prisons. The U.S. has the largest private prison population in the world, and you'll note from your own link that the private prison population from 2000 to 2019 increased by 39%. Also, for federal prisons, the percentage of inmates in private prisons is 19.1%. These are definitely problems and discussing them also helps discuss the big issues such as why in the hell we're incarcerating so many people. https://www.sentencingproject.org/publications/capitalizing-... I have only seen Samsara. I found it strangely beautiful but very stressful. The human swarms in it are really unnerving. By the same token, one could argue your comment is part of the trendy progress worship that's been happening since the beginning of humanity. Mental disorders are at an all-time high. Extinction levels are well beyond their natural baseline rate, due to human activity. Environmental destruction is at an all-time high. Now, with the Internet, we've managed to build a system that can amplify nearly every negative aspect of human society but at the same time offers a shield of sorts from those effects. Yes, humans are likely to survive in the same way that a virus survives. We find a way but it isn't always a virtuous path. We humans have yet to understand that nature is a balance and that we choose to operate outside of that balance. Everytime we progress we invent new ways for people and other animals to suffer. In a workplace environment, it is completely inappropriate. Second of all, why? What do you wish to discuss? What would you like to happen? What do these people have to do with it? If you're in the U.S., do you have anything useful to discuss regarding Guantanamo Bay and the many other U.S. black sites or the Mexican concentration camps run at the border? Do you think those are appropriate conversation pieces to bring up if they don't occur naturally? How would you feel if someone brought them up as if to teach you or make you aware of them as if you didn't know or had any affect whatsoever on their existence? Do you really feel this was written by a human? If I read this without the context, I would only assume it was written by a human given that is the implication when I read something like this, but I would immediately think it's idiotic and move on. There is simply nothing being said here. It is just like a desperate student going online to copy sentences, phrases, and words from articles and paste them into an essay, which at its core, is basically what this "AI" is doing. Does anyone know what the definition of a transaction is? The executive action is not clear at all and provides no definition of transaction. Big surprise. Furthermore, what is the government going to do if I refuse to stop using WeChat? Is the U.S. going to embark on blocking the app at the network level? If not, how will they enforce this? What if a person as defined in the order travels to China? Are they banned from using the app there, where it's one of two apps basically required to get around efficiently? This is just pure authoritarianism on the part of Trump. I am sick of him hijacking this country. And all of this is in a bid to get re-elected. He has been holding this country hostage, trying everything he can to ensure his re-election. For me personally, I use WeChat on a daily basis as it is the primary method of communication between myself and my fiancee, a Chinese citizen, who is still banned from re-entering the U.S. despite living and working here. So now it's the U.S. government's policy to implement it's own authoritarian controls on what citizens can and can't use. Honest to god. This country is a lost cause. It's filled with people who think their freedom allows them to demand access to military weapons and that their liberties are at risk due to requiring masks, but these same people will applaud this. What is the trade reason why these apps are being banned? What are the national security concerns for these apps that are not present in the multitude of other apps such as WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Skype, Zoom, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, Google, Gmail, iMessage, Facetime, Vine, Snapchat, YouTube, etc? What about the suspicions that Trump is upset that TikTok users helped sabotage one of his big rallies and this is retaliation and thus an overextension of his powers and an exercise in authoritarianism (something he's already done many times anyway)? Ironically, Tencent is a major contributor to open source software. https://opensource.tencent.com/en/about I do wonder if there's a deeper connection than Facebook simply having this feature ready to go and releasing it early. Was there cooperation of the sorts "you ban TikTok and we'll release Instagram Reels early to help distract upset users"? It isn't the country directly collecting and analyzing data. It is a company. Chinese companies are required to share data, but so are U.S. companies. If we focus on the companies, why is okay that U.S. companies are able to collect nearly arbitrary data on all U.S. citizens and participate in propaganda? Thanks for the detail. If transaction refers to a payment transaction, then I don't understand how this isn't an abuse of power if it leads to removal from app stores, thus removing all functionality. If the president has the power to ban financial transactions, fine, but by effect, if the app is then removed from the app stores, then that effectively bans it for any other use as well, such as text, video chat, and audio calls, which is against the restrictions you quoted. If I travel to China while this ban is in place, am I allowed to use the app while in China (assuming it's not removed from the app stores)? This is all such a slippery slope. I am just so scared about my family's future. Trump is keeping my family outside of the country, needlessly, and now he is preventing effective communication. I agree regarding the title after reading the article. I had assumed that the tests weren't accurate. Also, it actually hurts the viewpoint in the article, as Gates has found his actionable advice is ignored in the wake of social media conspiracy theories and the administration's unwillingness to listen to anything. There are a few things that stand out to me in this interview. One is the CDC saying something to the effect of "they said that leadership has to be a model of face mask usage" and yet, both our president and vice president are parading around without masks. This is really scary stuff that reflects the, I don't even know what the word is, idiocy or stubbornness or narcissism maybe, of our government's so-called leaders. The more scary thing is this: > And that makes me feel like, for the rich world, we should largely be able to end this thing by the end of 2021, and for the world at large by the end of 2022. ... Now whenever we get this done, we will have lost many years in malaria and polio and HIV and the indebtedness of countries of all sizes and instability. It’ll take you years beyond that before you’d even get back to where you were at the start of 2020. It’s not World War I or World War II, but it is in that order of magnitude as a negative shock to the system. The long term effects of the U.S. government's handling of this is very, very scary. What's scary about all this is that everyone is assuming that if and when we get a vaccine that everything will just restart back where it left off or even ahead. This is not the case. We are doing two things: delaying nearly everything into the future and reverting progress on the other things. Other long terms effects are happening. I have friends in China. I have Chinese friends, well educated and talented friends, moving back to China because either they want to (makes sense at this point), are being kicked out due to H1B issues or can't get back in, or can't find jobs here. China, outside of viral hotspots, is essentially back to normal. We're losing talent, people who were obviously keen on the U.S. but unlikely to be now, and diversity in the process and feeding back those people elsewhere. This is repeating across many immigrants and non-immigrant workers. The U.S. is slowed down across all vectors. Not only are millions getting the virus and hundreds of thousands dying, we have unemployment, slowed economy, slowed travel, stunted government doing literally nothing of any use on the virus or anything else, etc. It is quite scary to understand the long term effects of this and that we have a very real chance of being leapfrogged in the process, letting this thing drag on for decades in terms of the reverberations throughout society. One of the examples of the attitude in the U.S. is that many just shrug it off with this is just another flu. Even if that was the case, which it emphatically is not, who the hell would be okay with another flu? The flu costs approximately $10.4 billion in direct costs alone every year. We're losing much, much more than that due to the effects of and the response to COVID-19. The last thing is Gate's comments on encryption and the explosion of viral conspiracy theories and false knowledge on social media. We are in real trouble in the U.S. with social media running rampant. I think this ideal of sticking to the guns of no censorship and supposed safety of data is naïve in this age. I think we are in real trouble if we allow YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, etc. continue to allow users to run rampant on their platforms. What is extra scary is that it's not like our government and leadership is immune to these conspiracy theories and false knowledge. In fact, our government leaders are sources and amplifiers of these things! This is very concerning and dangerous. Adam Curtis' documentary All Watched Over by Machines of Ever Loving Grace covers the Silicon valley dream of the Internet and technology liberating us, when it is in fact caging us with chaotic misinformation and control. I think the world will find that we do need a model that's a cross between the U.S. and Chinese model of Internet censorship or other innovation to control the spread of viral false knowledge. I am personally perfectly willing to give up so-called privacy (which I honestly don't think even exists anymore anyway) in exchange for these conspiracy theories and viral false knowledge being suppressed, as these later things are far more detrimental to my life and all of our lives. These technology companies have got to check the systems they've built. Twitter should have banned Trump long ago for spreading misinformation and blatantly false information just as they should for others doing the same. That's why this GPT-3 is not exciting but scary. It's dumb but people think it's smart, and it and other tools will allow the deep viral spread of dangerous ideologies and misinformation. In 100 years, without more control, we're going to be swimming in a pool of not knowing anything and fighting about what's true or not while not addressing any actual problems, which is already happening in the U.S. Without addressing these issues, we are very quickly heading for a long-term downturn and a cesspool of misinformation in which nothing gets done because we're all just trying to survive the turbulence. My comment wasn't about whether they already had it or not. It is obvious they were already working on it. No one could develop and release a feature so quickly. It is about the timing of the release, which could have very well been cooperatively timed. My viewpoint is not partisan. If anyone in a leadership position is not wearing a mask, that is problematic. (It's problematic for anyone to not be following the recommendations and guidelines, but it's especially problematic for those in public leadership positions, as their actions affect the efficacy of such recommendations.) No one made an attack, so please frame the language differently. I am saying we need to consider what we allow to run rampant. I am asking and thinking about the need to understand these problems and address them appropriately. In fact, I provided no solution other than a vague suggestion. We need to think about it though. That's why "other innovations" was put in there. I didn't advocate for anything specific, so the fact that you call this an attack is just a representative example of the exact problems I am talking about. I am not saying these problems are easy. But should you really be allowed to both intentionally and unintentionally spread blatant misinformation, potentially causing both direct and indirect harm to many hundreds, thousands, if not millions of people all under the guise of free speech? I am not sure that trade off is a good one or even one protected by free speech. Maybe platforms introduce spread control, greatly reducing the viral effect. Such a feature, by itself, would not be limiting any speech, but it is a form of modern censorship in a way by preventing its spread across the platform or network. Our rights say nothing about guaranteeing that everything you say is required to propagate unchecked throughout networks and platforms. Furthermore, these companies are not government entities. Thanks for the book recommendation. I'll check it out. The disinformation campaigns run by both politicians and companies is covered by Adam Curtis in his documentaries. I might as well mention his other works such as The Power of Nightmares , Bitter Lake , and HyperNormalization in addition to All Watched Over by Machines of Ever Loving Grace . The theme of control via intentional disinformation is a major one in his works. I am suggesting we think about these problems. It isn't "working around rights" to question the anything goes situation we have right now with social media and even our official government media and traditional media companies. Furthermore, our rights guarantee us against government censorship, and I am not suggesting that. It isn't a workaround or an attack to say those rights don't apply everywhere. And I am not insisting on anything. We need to think about it. Humans are easily emotionally manipulated, and our technology is a powerful medium in which to perform that manipulation. It is a very real threat to many systems. It is a fact that the 2016 election was manipulated via social media propaganda through the direct and indirect influence of the wealthy and various companies (Robert Mercer, Cambridge Analytica, Facebook, etc.). It is a suspicion that foreign actors also played a part in this. Are you suggesting we just throw up our hands and allow these things to take place? These are explicitly attacks on the very system that you say I am supposedly attacking. We need to address these things as we are clearly vulnerable to them. It's naïve to think that works. The Internet and other technologies amplifies it though and gives it a new medium through which to take effect. They were and are attacks on the democratic voting process. Freedom of speech does not guarantee that you can say whatever you want without repercussions and it does not grant or guarantee you unrestricted propagation of what you write or say or record through non-governmental networks and platforms. We simply need to understand that the Internet, social media, networks, data, etc. have changed things and will continue to do so. We need to understand them and adapt our society to be able to face the new threats they provide and enable. And we need to stop having knee jerk reactions to everything. Apparently it's dangerous to want to understand things and improve the situations we find ourselves in, which is all I suggest we do. This is exactly why the U.S. is headed where it's headed. The U.S. is full of people that blindly think that a group of guys 200-300 years ago somehow landed upon a perfect system that somehow fixes all issues of human emotion and behavior and protects against technological developments like the Internet which they couldn't even fathom at the time, while at the same time not caring that even the system they laid out has been eroded in the interest of consolidating power and corporations. I need to learn more about Godel and read the books about him. From the outside, he almost seems like an intellectual rebel, showing how systems are broken when people assume they aren't. With his completeness theorems and his Godel metric, he seemed to be excited by logical exotica. I find the Godel metric and its closed timelike curves to be an interesting case study of general relativity. This is just me spitballing here, as I have not yet dove into the many books I have on him. What other countries have long term plans and initiatives and effectively execute on them as China does? Why wouldn't it accelerate it? Their innovation has either already surpassed that of the west or is going that direction. > We don't know how common or rare sentience and consciousness are in the Universe, but because of the Octopus I believe that if ever we do encounter non-terrestrial sentience we'll have no trouble recognizing it and will find that we have enough in common to establish communications and a healthy or productive relationship. In my opinion, this is a stretch. By comprehend and recognize, what do you mean? For an octopus, ant, or orca, we have little to no comprehension of their intelligence, philosophy, or consciousness. All of those things are a black box to us. We can observe behavior and take notes, but I think it's a huge leap to say we comprehend their intelligence. It's an even bigger leap to say we could establish communications and relationships with an alien species. What is our relationship with orcas? We starve them, kill them with boats and pollutants, and we imprison them for entertainment. We try to rid the world of ants and attack and poison them on sight. We eat octopuses and also pollute their environment. I wouldn't call those things a relationship. As for communication, how do we do there? We have almost no capability of talking to orcas or octopuses. And it's not a fault of theirs. It's because we are indeed different . There is even less hope for ants. The existence of orcas, ants, and octopuses on Earth is the exact evidence I need to form the opinion that it is probable that there are alien species that we simply can't comprehend and vice versa. Is it really that hard to believe there's a species out there such that we humans are their ant? > We call on all freedom-loving nations and companies to join the Clean Network. This makes me physically sick. The only freedom you have in the U.S. is being poor, controlled, and oh yea, you can Tweet whatever you want. While the U.S., both citizens and the government, have pointed fingers at Russia, China, and , we've been under the assault of propaganda and control for decades, at increasing rates, all under the guise of so-called freedom and democracy. Instead of propelling us into the future, our government has dragged its feet to pull us back all in the name of pure greed and control, giving itself and corporations near limitless power by sacrificing the common people. Yea, we simply don't know about the intelligence of other things, and so I don't get the perspective that other things are the thing less intelligent when we're in the same boat as them as not being able to communicate with them. There are symbiotic relationships like cats and dogs, and mammals generally share a certain something, but we still have little to no knowledge of what's going on, even in mammals, much less more exotic things. For the octopus, we recognize intelligent of things we notice, but what about intelligence they have that isn't noticed by us. Your description reminded me of a book called The Dragon's Egg . I haven't read it but need to. The gist is that there's a species that somehow thrives on or in a neutron star. However, their time scales are not slow but extremely fast. That's all I know about it other than it apparently being a tutorial on neutron stars masquerading as a novel. Edge cases for an obvious hyperbole is not really bad news. Of course you can't Tweet whatever you want, and you can't even say whatever you want. That's obvious. The hyperbole was a jab at people, often commenters on this very site, justifying "freedom" in the U.S. as being able to Tweet the president whatever you want, within reason, as opposed to other authoritarian countries. Who gets the money from such an auction? Does it act as repayment for those defrauded? Does it go to the government? Speak for yourselves. For anyone whose wellbeing improved, they likely have everything in place already. They have stable jobs, stable families, stable savings and income sources, people they are either able to see in their homes or regularly elsewhere, and are not affected by travel bans and other effects of the viral outbreak. My wellbeing is at an all-time low and has continued to deteriorate since January. My family is split across the world due to unnecessary travel bans. Everyone in this thread is saying how the lockdowns were unnecessary long term but then everyone is seemingly okay with the government killing people's jobs and splitting up families with travel bans that don't take anything into consideration. There's no reason why travel for family members and H1B workers and immigrants, especially those in extraneous situations, is still blocked when hotel quarantines could be put in place, just like they are for inter-country travel. Just in my circle alone, the U.S. has lost a dozen or so Chinese citizens who hold advanced degrees or who are doctors who were either forced back to China, wanted to go back (and get out of the U.S.), or can't come back to the U.S. Good luck with the brain drain since these people were working for U.S. hospitals and companies. Not only are we losing people who were already here and wanted to be here, we're going to lose countless more who would have come to the U.S. in the future. This will have consequences. My fiancée is locked out of the country. We can't sell her car because she's not here and there are policies in place that protect against the situation. Online car selling websites have auto-locked our account since she logs in China, and I log in from the U.S., and they won't re-open it as "you can't sell your car while on vacation" (direct quote). The title transfer process is difficult if not impossible while she's out of the country, and we need help, but the RMV is not responsive. If you can even find a phone number for the RMV, you call and then it states they have high call volume and then says to call back tomorrow and then automatically hangs up on you. We're paying for a car, including insurance, that just sits around and can't legally sell it without embarking on a process that could take months and capital to simply secure the title before even attempting to sell. People always support insurance companies as if they decide your premium based upon statistics and probability. So what's the probability that our car that just sits parked and is driven once every week or two gets damaged and why haven't our rates gone down to reflect this greatly reduced probability? Yet, if I got a ticket tomorrow, they'd have no problem raising the rates. My rent actually was increased in March, and rent everywhere seems as high or higher than before as I try to move due to noise issues with my neighbors. Our marriage is getting delayed by years due to this. We can't get through the travel bans or anything else because we're not officially married (we had planned on doing it immediately after coming back from China), and we can't get married unless we're together, yet you can enter into all sorts of other legal agreements remotely. Policies are not updating with the situations, if anything they're regressing, and everything is moving in molasses. Everything is taking at least twice as long as it did before. Prices are actually increasing for things. All the predatory behavior on people has increased and now people have a new excuse (COVID) on why everything doesn't work or is slow. If your wellbeing has improved during this time, good for you. For those of us where it hasn't, it has deteriorated exponentially. And my family is in the best of the worst cases. We still have our jobs, have places to stay, and have supportive families. I truly feel for those struggling. The narcissism of people to think that they're happier because their commute is gone is mindboggling, when people are dying or living as death on a daily basis due to everything going on. Articles like this leave a bad taste in my mouth. They venerate the subject and participants involved and leave out the vast amount of detrimental effects they cause. Whales, other marine mammals, and other wildlife are affected by these systems, and they are never considered. The Navy is currently still trying to increase its weapons testing off the coast of the Pacific Northwest, bringing further harm to the already decimated and declining southern resident orcas. We have absolutely got to start understanding how our technology affects the world and making changes. I agree we need to shore up the democratic systems. However, I think you are greatly underestimating the amount of propaganda that is fed to a huge amount of people in the U.S. who lap everything up. I feel people sweeping it under the rug are part of the problem. And I think you are also underestimating the amount of people who have extremely strong nationalistic and even white supremist attitudes and seek to spread them. The U.S. is a very big place and many of these people hide in plain site, just waiting for their opportunity for people like Trump or Stephen Miller to get power. I've experienced it from both educated and non-educated, rich and poor. I grew up in a rural, predominately white area. I know these people and how they think, and it's scary. Social media acts as a medium for people to transmit these ideas at a speed and power not known before. We need to address both our democratic and communication systems. Thanks for the interesting article. I didn’t know their mechanism of mating really besides the specialized arm. However, it is my understanding from previous reading that male octopuses die within months of mating and that female octopuses die after laying its eggs. I am surprised this article doesn’t mention it because it puts the cannibalism into perspective. It seems the biologically triggered death after mating and laying eggs is an evolutionary strategy, so it makes the female eating the already dying male less cannibalistic and more strategic. https://www.sciencealert.com/mother-octopus-senescence-death... https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/1977/12/01/o... Ethan Zuckerman explicitly resigned due to MIT’s and the Media Lab’s involvement with Epstein and is thus the reason why he is leaving his office. So the comment you replied to is not unrelated nor a tangent. http://www.ethanzuckerman.com/blog/2019/08/20/on-me-and-the-... F# is the best modern ML in my opinion. It has OOP, but the style is to only use it when you need to or for interoperability with .NET. Even the OOP stuff is done in a concise way. I think it's useful to have. For example, one can have immutable records with member functions, and that's useful for doing operator overloading. That is such a good course. I really enjoyed it and need to go back and finish the third part with Ruby. If you like SML, check out F#. I did part one of that course in SML, F#, Typed Racket, and Scala. F# was by far the cleanest and most concise for each homework assignment. (Most code was written in SML first and then ported to the other languages.) F# has become my side-project language. I just cannot understand how people find Python easy to learn but languages like F# or OCaml hard to learn. I personally find Python to be a much more confusing language than F#. It won’t be just a year or two. This is going to have long term repercussions. Basically everyone from the age of 5 to 22 will have a year or two of missing education. We’re losing tons of immigrants and non-immigrant foreign workers, of the latter many of which are doctors or advanced degree holders. Many Chinese are simply leaving the U.S. on their own accord, even if they aren’t caught up in the travel bans or other such issues, because life is better for them in China right now. Many businesses are gone and won’t come back. Nearly everything in the U.S. is happening in slow motion. Everything takes at least twice as long as it did. People act as if even if Trump is voted out and a vaccine suddenly appears, that everything will turn back on. No. Not only have things been delayed during Trump’s presidency and during the pandemic, they have explicitly regressed. The government has basically been shutdown for the past four years, just bleeding money and limping along, and that’s especially true for the past eight months or so. This is not a one or two year thing. We’re talking multi-years if not decades of reverberations. The fact that Europe is also struggling is a distraction from the fact that the U.S. is struggling deeply with the pandemic. It isn't particularly surprising given their previous economic struggles. But in the U.S., it isn't just the pandemic. The U.S. has been dealing with a president who was handed a strong and recovering economy and relatively sane policies on a platter but literally does nothing every day but Tweet and watch T.V., takes on a couple meetings at best, and lets a third generation Jewish immigrant who somehow hates immigrants and is a white supremacist write his policies for him. I think what Trump's presidency has shown, if only because he is a catalyst for hate and ignorance and little else, is that the sentiments that drove the civil war never actually went away and have probably gotten worse and drifted even further apart. His presidency gave a conduit for these things to bubble up to the surface. And there's a certain political party that partially shares the more hateful sentiments but also just wants to profit from them and manipulate the very people who are a subset of people that their policies hurt. > If I had a VCR today I'd be the one struggling to figure out how to record something with it That's a little hard to believe. Nothing is hidden on a VCR. There's input connections, a tape, and a big record button. At most there is an additional source button to choose the input source. It's all there, in the open, and not hidden. Today's interface design is really all over the place. There's just too much stuff hidden and inconsistent. The source of this is our ever increasing reliance on software. If one thinks of writing software as both storing knowledge and communicating with people, it makes sense why software experiences are so bad. Communication and knowledge transfer are in general difficult processes, and now we've automated them at scale but hurried and botched them. Something even more is lost in translation. When we use a software-based product, we're experiencing all the stored miscommunication embedded in the device. People don't know because they don't have the knowledge to know. They further don't know just how deeply people can analyze the data. Those who dismiss it usually do because they don't understand the depth. They'll think "oh, why do I care if Google or Facebook knows I went to the pet store today", when in reality, these systems could give a mini-biography and psychoanalysis of you. These are complicated systems that have been intentionally covered up through marketing and lobbying and other deceptive means. People have additionally been hoodwinked by these companies saying "hey, we're providing you a service for free" when it's actually the other way around. This is where a capable government is supposed to step in and say, no, you can't just leech off citizens' personal data for free and without actual consent. However, the U.S. government is not capable and at the same time wants access to the same data that's being collected, so it hasn't done anything about it. Those are not the same class of products as modern smartphones. > I've read countless design suggestions to reduce contrast and avoid using pure black or white on an LED display. I have seen those suggestions too, but they seem to be just parroted off of each other. I have never seen a single one link to any reasoning or studies that support the claims of better readability. They all seem to say it because someone else said it in a game of design telephone. In my personal experience, I find gray text on an off-white background to be very difficult and straining to read, and additionally, I don't think it looks good. I can see some merit in reducing the whiteness and thus brightness of the background, but I don't see why reducing black to some lighter black or gray helps at all. Having text in a nice solid black or near-black with an off-white background seems reasonable to me. That matches more closely with reading things on actual paper, where dark black inks are possible but the background is not pure white. That leaves legibility in place and reduces background brightness. It's possible this whole "reduce the contrast" thing has gotten off track, when to me at least, the goal seems to be to reduce the blinding background blasting you with light and not to simply reduce contrast. Are monopolies strictly and solely defined by market share and not power and influence on the market in addition to abuses done through that power and influence? Defining monopolies only by market shares seems to be an outdated view. Things are different now. Even with that definition though, there is definitely a duopoly. This is curious to me. Because I first bought the 3rd and latest edition of this book, as you do, but then I read reviews that the 2nd edition was superior. So I picked up the 2nd edition since I saw it for a cheap price used. Now, here I am reading that the 1st edition is better. Haha. What would you recommend for someone to start with regarding this particular book? (I haven't gone through the book yet.) Is there a technical reason why material was changed so drastically, or is it more along the lines of streamlining things for a university course? Are the things left out in the subsequent editions interesting but not useful or are they interesting and useful but not conducive to fitting into a one or two semester course sequence? Thanks! It sounds like a good approach would be to work diligently through the 3rd and then circle back on the 1st and 2nd to pick up the little spots that didn't make it. The metaclasses thing seems pretty interesting. This book has been waiting on me to go through it. It's on the list with finishing SICP and also PLAI. Your link only shows a simple cloverleaf design, typically used at the intersection of only two highways or as an exit from a highway. Those are everywhere in U.S. cities, in certain regions as not everyone uses the cloverleaf. They are not super common in Texas though, which uses different designs. But either way, it is not close to the same size and complexity as the exchange, of which Houston has many, in the original post. This is a totally different style, but I have recently become a huge fan of James Turrell. There the light is "real" (i.e., it's not captured through photography), but often using naturally produced sunlight along with controlled colored light systems in tandem. He's also building a massive art piece at Roden Crater. It's a big mind boggling no one has used it for a sci-fi movie yet. If you ever get a chance to see one his skyspaces or his artwork, I highly recommend it. It can be very entrancing and meditative. Do you mind sharing what industry you work in and how you got there? I am mainly caught by "as both a mathematician and a programmer who often works on projects where high reliability is essential". I was a mathematician (or more strictly am a failed mathematician) who also does software, and so I am always curious what other domains people with this background work in. In general, I am turned off as well from the abstractionauts in the software world, particularly those found in the Haskell realm, and highly prefer more pragmatic functional languages like F#, Racket, and Elixir/Erlang. To favorite a comment, you need to click on the time to be shown the favorite option. I would recommend people watch this lecture by Stanford professor Robert Sapolsky, who studies these things in depth and is an actual expert. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOAgplgTxfc There is a lot of arm-chair thoughts on this matter in this thread, and I feel this lecture sets a lot of things straight. A helpful quote from the talk: "...the single point I want to hammer in here over, and over, and over, is something that people with depression constantly battle with. Back to semantics, we all get depressed. Bad stuff happens to us. We all get depressed. We feel lousy. We feel withdrawn. We feel a sense of grief. And we're not taking much pleasure. And we withdraw. And then we get better. We cope. We heal. We deal with things in life. What's the deal with you that you can't do that? And there's this lurking sense given that all of us have periods of being depressed and come out the other end. When you look at people who instead go down and stay down there to this crippling extent, there's always this little voice between the lines there of, come on, pull yourself together. We all deal with this sort of thing. I will make the argument throughout here that depression is as real of a biological disorder as is juvenile diabetes." I have seen professors mention that their prep time has multiplied since they are now producing lectures rather than giving them live. They now need to deal with video production, remote homework and test submissions and returns, live lecture production, tech issues, etc. https://twitter.com/robertghrist/status/1279489089063079938?... Here’s some more interesting discussion. https://twitter.com/robertghrist/status/1288218327127666690?... https://twitter.com/stevenstrogatz/status/129713848913856921... https://twitter.com/stevenstrogatz/status/130128164056044749... Although I definitely feel for students, because prices for education are just insane in general. We should not be forcing debt upon our young people. But both professors and students are along for the tough ride. Have you seen any of his movies prior to Arrival and Sicario? Incendies , Enemy , and Prisoners are all quite emotional in distinct ways. Although, I personally feel Arrival was definitely emotional in its own way. To my knowledge, that is not recently learned behavior of orcas, regarding washing seals off floating ice islands. Further, orcas are culturally separated into many groups, often called ecotypes. Although some of these ecotypes may eventually be separated into separate species, they are currently all the same species. They are able to eat whatever food and they are able to interbreed, except that they don't. These are cultural separations that orcas have created, and they are not biological. So, certain ecotypes are fish eaters, and very particular fish eaters at that. The Southern Resident orcas in the Pacific Northwest only eat a specific type of salmon. That salmon is in major decline, and thus the orcas that eat them are in decline and for various other reasons as well such as being hunted in the 70s for capture to serve as entertainment. As far as I know, it is unknown why these orcas do not switch their food source. From what I read, these orcas performing the attacks are tuna eating orcas, so they are again fish specialists. They are likely experiencing the same threats to their food source as well. Other ecotypes, like those that you mentioned about seals, have more diverse diets typically revolving around mammals. In the Pacific Northwest, the Southern Resident (the salmon eaters) and Transients (the mammal eaters) share the same waters but do not eat each others' foods. Since the transients have more diverse sources that are not struggling, they are not struggling like the fish eating ecotypes. Thus, it's highly unlikely for fish eating orcas to suddenly want to eat orcas. There's multiple reasons. There is the cultural reasons, and there are also the reasons as humans are terrible meals. My own personal suspicions are that orcas are much closer to human level intelligence than anyone recognizes, and so my personal guess would be that these attacks are one of stress and aggression to prevent other animals stealing their food. It is also possible they've been able to reclaim tuna this way as well. There are stories of orcas in the early 20th century helping whalers, but the way I read it, it was actually the orcas training the humans to help them capture and kill the whales. Orcas are intelligent enough that they understand how things work. See my comment below, but orcas do not switch up their food source very readily unless they are in an ecotype similar to the transients found in the Pacific Northwest. Orcas that specialize in fish do not switch up, even in the face of dire straits, even though they could. This is at least so far. Orcas' splitting up into ecotypes is almost solely cultural and not biological, and so even though we wish orcas wouldn't have to struggle, I feel we could potentially see them adapt to other food sources, but that so far has not been observed. The orcas that eat mammals have more varied diets and thus hunting techniques, since their food source requires that (mammals are smart, have good eyesight and hearing, etc.). They gave a pass at the cameramen as well. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBRu3LGceAg It doesn't seem as full effort as the normal ones, so they could have been training or experimenting, both of which they are known to do. They could have been play and giving a little scare as well. This and many other things lead me to believe the U.S. is much less free than people would like to admit it to be. It’s just a different flavor of such unfreedom. China bans WhatsApp. The U.S. bans WeChat. Great, no I have no official app besides good old text and phone to communicate with my fiancée who is still banned from reentering the U.S. despite still having a job here. The U.S. has simply become an authoritarian state of a different color. My fiancée is prevented from returning and we are prevented from using our primary communication method simply because the so-called president wants to personally gain from these actions (i.e., swindle a re-election). And what am I supposed to use to pay for things when I visit China now if WeChat is removed from AppStores? Freedom my ass. Facebook, Google, and the others all collect the same if not more data than these apps, and those companies have shown time and again they do not have the American people’s best interests at heart and abuse the data collection and their power. So what are we doing here? Instead, I suspect there was collusion between Facebook and Trump’s cronies for them to have released Instagram Reels when they did. No. The U.S. refuses to even process visas. Early on, the U.S. initially held her passport (a foreign one at that!) for over a month, preventing travel to countries she had valid visas to. When she eventually did once the passport was returned, the U.S. canceled her appointment, forcing travel back to China. Such foreign visas have now expired. The U.S. continues to allow appointments to be made at embassies and consulates and then cancels them right before. She actually falls into one of the conditional allowances that should get her back, based upon lawsuits from large employers, but the U.S. is not keeping appointments and not processing visas. So whatever they claim is allowed (which is not much), they are blocking that and more on a procedural level, just like they were doing since January before any bans were even in place. They don’t care. H1Bs and others (at least from China) are banned at a minimum until January 2021. There is only one way to look at this, and that’s what it is. It’s the president and his administration searching for any route to re-election and thus abusing any power he has towards that goal. It could also be collusion in which Trump is trying to personally profit or have supporters profit. The security angle is theater. Many American corporations gather and abuse much more data than any allegations against TikTok and WeChat. And if people are really worried about foreign monitoring, then there are millions of cameras and microphones embedded in baby monitors, pet feeders, home security cameras, and other smart devices, all foreign made and networked. Some claims of influence could be made in TikTok, but there’s literally nothing stopping that from happening on platforms owned by U.S. companies, where it’s been proven to have happened and is still currently happening. So that argument doesn’t apply. If it does apply, it applies to a much broader app landscape than just TikTok and WeChat. So in the end, everyone debating this thing as if it is an actual intelligent thing to be discussed is just adding legitimacy to Trump grasping for re-election and another one of his chaotic moves. There are actual problems but those are only plastered onto this whole deal by externals. The president literally tried to treat this thing as if it was an episode of The Apprentice, demanding payment from the sale. It’s ludicrous. This is exactly what Adam Curtis means by Hypernormalization. Male octopuses will often be eaten by the female after copulating. No one said it is an intelligent move. Just because it is a move doesn’t necessarily make it a good one. Trump is, hopefully, grasping for straws. He has tried to use the virus and now trade to tie into hate brooding in the country and use anti-Chinese sentiment to his advantage. Trump has specifically attacked Biden as being soft on China. It’s all a ploy, just like his shenanigans on the U.S. treasury being sent a cut of the sale of TikTok. The fact that there are legitimate issues external but related to Trump’s actions and proclamations does not legitimize them. I think it’s dangerous because people are underestimating just how hateful a lot of the U.S. is against foreigners and how whatever Trump is anti at the moment spreads like wildfire. Americans in general do not understand China or even how similar our government can be, and so it is easy to rally people against it. > But at least in the US we can continue to pass legislation as we learn more about how to properly regulate these platforms Continue is the wrong word. Nothing is done by legislation or these companies themselves to properly regulate these platforms. There is also nothing preventing foreign influence on U.S.-based company platforms, which is already happening, and has been happening, unchecked. I have used WeChat daily for over three years. There is not a single instance in which I have been unduly influenced. I use it to message, video chat, and pay for things. That simply is not true for YouTube, Twitter, Google, Apple, etc. I can't even go to YouTube without having unremovable, unhidable ads for Trump. We also have a situation where the sitting president has rented out the YouTube homepage for an entire week prior to the election. It's naivety, and frankly delusional, to think the U.S. is somehow at threat by WeChat and not the multitude of sly behavior going on with U.S.-based companies. U.S.-based companies and culture have long been driven by highly concentrated special interest groups, from Hollywood to Wall Street to Silicon Valley, and all of this amounts to undue influence and control upon the American people, who have been manipulated into playing the game. Your industry experience seems like an edge case to me. But what country has benefitted from the U.S. being destabilized by Trump’s presidency? That’s why it feels like all of this is Russia as they seem disconnected enough that they don’t care. I am well aware, but that doesn't answer my question. Isn't a problem in the sense that a company hypes itself up and markets itself by all these market differentiators, but then when these fail, the company and others just shrug it off and they suddenly become just conveniences? What's the point of having these features in the app if you need to carry a key around all the time due to the app features being unreliable and poorly implemented? How does the card work if the electronic mechanism to read it fails? Do you then need to also carry around an actual key fob? My car, like most modern cars, has a keyless entry fob, but if that fails or the battery in the car completely dies, there is still mechanical entry points to get into the car and start the car. > it's a huge leap forward for car UX Could you give any examples? For comparison, I have a Kia Optima SXL, and I find the fit and finish to be beyond any Tesla that I have ridden in. Kia has a strange reputation (despite now being one of the best automakers), and even with this reputation, the car gets many complements and comments. I am also a big fan of buttons, and I simply find having buttons where I know where they're at and how they feel are far superior to navigating a touchscreen. Is the touchscreen cool? Yes, I suppose. Is it better UX or functionality? No, in my opinion. At no point have I ever wished to take all the functionality my car has and have it jammed into a single large touchscreen in the middle of the dash. I have also ridden in multiple Chinese brands like NIO, BYD, and other more affordable brands. The NIO, upon initial impression, immediately outclassed the Teslas that I have ridden in (Model S and X) in terms of design, especially on the inside. The BYD and others that you find the DiDi drivers driving are all very impressive and affordable such that they easily compete with Tesla. When I was in China, it was "wait, what car is this?!" day after day. We must have saw half a dozen fully electric car models. Not to mention people who will refuse to get the vaccine, and those people are more likely to be carrying it anyway due to misbehavior. I meant not getting the vaccine on the basis of someone not believing in the virus and/or vaccines in the first place. Of course, I will also cautiously approach the first vaccine arrivals due to the nature of them being rushed. If Trump applied for even the most basic national security related job that required the lowest level of security clearance, he absolutely would be denied. And yet, this man is president of the United States. Is it more unethical than a president, whose words and actions and directives directly impact the livelihood and wellbeing of hundreds of millions of people, being hundreds of millions of dollars in debt, possibly to foreign entities? Not only has he directly lied about his businesses and foreign business deals, he is in massive debt, with much of it not paid at all. That creates huge conflicts of interest. Is it ethical to have a sitting president wondering how he’ll pay off, potentially foreign lenders, during the middle of his term? Can you point out in the article or describe what you feel is the actual, explicit issue? I read the article, and I didn’t catch any concrete description of why TikTok is dangerous aside from the typically general descriptions, or at a minimum, how TikTok is any different from Facebook or YouTube or Twitter Instagram or whatever else, all of which have essentially black box recommendation algorithms. The article never hones in on anything specific to TikTok or makes a claim. From what I can tell, the two potential issues are concern of data collection with what that feeds and then a concept of influence. The former feeds a learning algorithm that shows what people find entertaining, funny, interesting. Could this be weaponized? Potentially. My best guess how is that it simply shows what people in various regions like and dislike, providing food for propaganda and policies. So the app is just a vacuum that feeds some external process that may or may not feedback through the app. No doubt this very thing with Facebook’s data was weaponized in the 2016 U.S. election by Cambridge Analytica and other entities. The latter possibility is one of influence. However, I do not see how TikTok is unique in this. In a different timeline, Facebook or Twitter or a multitude of other sites could have easily been used to hijack the rally, so that example is weak. If anything, the example is damning since there is a large possibility that Trump’s war on TikTok is one of personal vendetta that has been hypernormalized in the context of actual concerns between the U.S. and China and general concerns of the influence of social media. Further, there is factual evidence of Facebook being weaponized by organized groups to start protests and riots and people being influenced by foreign efforts. From my stance, the question is why is just TikTok a concern? If it is a legitimate concern, which it probably is at least in theory, then these same concerns apply to other social networks. The other question is where does this all stop? It was a point of contrast. The U.S. has a man incapable of almost any job you can think of as its president. The CIA reference in the original comment was due to the CIA's involvement in staging a coup, overthrowing the democratically elected socialist president of Chile, who ended up committing suicide as the opposition moved in on his building. (Or at least that's what I thought they were referring to.) This is a pretty weak argument and one that is obviously biased from the start given the source. I'm generally pretty hard on most software being much less reliable than you'd think or want it to be, close or open source. But in my personal experience, I've had plenty of closed source, proprietary software bugs fixed by the company that makes the software. In fact, I'd say the great majority of bugs were fixed if not all. I've never had a bug fixed in open source software I've submitted bugs for, and I've even had trouble getting them even assessed as bugs in the first place. Is that a fair argument? I thought the argument made in the article is that free software is more reliable. I do not want to pay a la carte for bug fixes and feature requests, and I definitely don't want to go through the processes required to do so. Even if I did, then that is no longer free software, is it? If someone wants to charge for a bundled or packaged piece of software, then go for it. If it satisfies a need, is useful, and gets good support, then I have no problem paying for it or requesting for it to be purchased. My mistake for conflating the two. I am aware of the difference but lost track. However, they are often correlated. We need to be teaching systems theory in high schools. I think an appropriate definition of the right ecosystem is the one that would be here without the vast narcissism of humans. Yes, humans are animals, but we have broken out of the natural balance of things and relished in that fact by destroying everything in our wake in the name of so-called progress. I think it’s similar to how we view viruses. > The planet's gonna be fine, it's humans who are gonna have a bad time. This sentiment is too simplifying. Yes, the planet, as in a spinning celestial object with a molten core, solid surface with water, and an atmosphere will be fine, so to speak, but the vast amounts of flora and fauna will not and haven’t been. Some will make it, but I don’t define that as “fine”. Many animal species, if they haven’t already gone extinct have been suffering deeply. Take a look at the southern resident orca population. We captured, killing many in the process, and enslaved them, all of which served to torture those enslaved and break up the matriarchal hierarchies that existed. This left new, untrained leaders in the population. Before then and since then, we have poisoned them and have completely decimated their food source. These are direct consequences of unneeded, self serving actions of humans. We also harass them sonically. This is a population that is already and has been having a “bad time”, and it’s likely the population will go extinct. The cause of all this is 100% humans. Now take this example and multiply it by the thousands if not millions of species also going extinct and having bad times. Humans and our technological development combined literally form an extinction event. Using WeChat or Alipay in China does not require anything other than the app, which is quickly opened. Merchants just have pieces of paper with their QR code on them, and the payment is nearly instant. NFC is extremely finicky and much slower. I don’t know how many times I’ve seen lines held up by people needing to wave their phone or credit card around to get the NFC recognition to work. As someone who has visited China, it truly feels like stepping back in time when coming to the U.S. with regards to payments. It goes both ways and depends. The point is there are options and your statement is not correct. Some merchants, like street merchants or drivers, will simply have their code printed out. You scan it and pay them and they get a notification on their phone or tablet that you've paid. Other places, like at bigger restaurants, have QR screen readers that will scan the purchaser's phone. Either way, I don't see what you're getting at. The terminal is the phone in many cases, and other cases, there is a terminal in the sense of an integrated scanner system, but why does that matter? For the user it is much more convenient and faster. It's essentially instant, and I have never waited for the amount of time it takes for a credit card or NFC payment method to process. Further, it allows basically anyone to have this method because, again, the terminal is your phone and can be so for both parties in the transaction. > And NFC works when my battery dies. So what? You can charge your phone essentially anywhere in China. WeChat's QR scanning is basically instant and doesn't need to be lined up. In my experience, it basically has scanned and processed the QR code when I've barely realized I got it in view. Regarding NFC, I've just seen too many times of having to put the phone in the right place in the right orientation to get the communication to work, and then it still takes time to make the payment. It's faster than credit cards when it just works but slower when it doesn't. And Alipay and WeChat are faster than both. In China, you don't need a wallet. You just need a phone. So you get used to knowing what you need. There's an initial learning curve, but then you can be paying and biking around and everything else with just your phone. > Pointing a camera at something that deducts money from you seems extremely ripe for abuse, what’s to stop someone from putting fake QR code’s over real ones and hijacking payments? How would that work? If someone somehow put a fake QR code over a merchant's real one, the merchant or person you're paying would not get a notification when you scanned their code to pay them. Thus, both parties involved in the transaction would be alerted to the situation immediately. The wrong QR code would be tied to someone's account and be easily found by the system. I don't think it's just that. I think it's the corporations having engaged in decades long propaganda pushing towards unlimited capitalism. It's a new brand of authoritarianism. Corporations make all the rules and have all the power. If we as a consumer make a single mistake, we are to pay for it, yet consumers have essentially zero power towards a corporation. Corporations are given nearly endless rights on what they can do and own, and consumers are quickly having ownership rights yanked out from us. Corporations own our data, many of the products we "buy", and even what we can do with the things we "buy". > Space exploration has already created many significant benefits for humanity on Earth, by advancing hundreds of new technologies with terrestrial applications and launching satellite networks I don't think this is a strong supporting argument because it applies to any major technological development. Anytime you invest people, billions of dollars, etc. into major technological goals, you're going to get advances and spinoffs that have broader applications. Space exploration is already basically a spinoff of military projects, goals, and investing, just like a huge amount of existing and future technology. > that support a safer, more peaceful world for humans, with improved agricultural efficiencies as well as advanced warning and a better understanding of extreme weather events and climate trends A citation would be very helpful there in terms of creating a more peaceful world for humans, as I do not think it's so cut and dry. Further, one could argue that exploring the oceans instead of space would be far more beneficial to understanding life, climate, ecosystems, etc. and would have just as much if not more technological spinoffs as sending man to the Moon or Mars. My personal viewpoint on space exploration is to currently concentrate on drones and robots being sent out to space and to turn the money that would otherwise be invested into manned missions towards understanding the ocean and Earth itself. It's difficult to imagine a more perfect place for sustainable life than Earth, and yet we are not sustaining. That is a big gap and a big goal for humans: sustain life on Earth in a healthy way. If we can't do that on Earth, then I truly do not understand how we'll do it anywhere else. > We could make an artificial magnetic field for it. Beyond current technology but seems like a viable option a hundred years from now. How? Because to me, that seems extremely far-fetched. My understanding as to why Earth has a magnetic field and why Mars does not (or has a weak one) is that Earth has a highly dynamic molten core surrounding a solid inner core, whereas Mars only has a molten core with not as much activity. It is my understanding that Earth's geodynamo plus its rotation helps create the magnetic field that protects our atmosphere. So unless humans are able to alter planets in such...planetary ways, then I don't see how we'll suddenly be able to give Mars a sustainable magnetic field. No need to be so snappy. And that isn't giving Mars a magnetic field in the implied sense. It's building an external structure to perform a protective field that would have similar effects. You may consider it semantics, but they're different. It is an interesting idea, but this seems to simply be a proposal with a lot of "ifs" and "mights" and "possibles", with even the proposer calling it "fanciful". So indeed, I suppose we will wait. Even with this novel idea, it doesn't seem possible in 100 years. The articles I see came out three years ago from the conference it was presented at, and I didn't see any immediate results returned as to the progress of the idea. I am not really sure what you’re asking. You could get a Xilinx RFSoC, but the development board is like $10,000. If you’re just wanting to learn and experiment, like myself, then Digilent makes a lot of nicely packaged boards. The Nexys A7 is a capable board. The U.S. is filled with blind exceptionalism and narcissism compounded with social media and propaganda running rampant along with oligarchs who care about little else than money. This election hopefully provides a temporary relief, but there are seriously deep problems at hand. I honestly can't tell if you're joking or not. What part of my comment led you to label me a wide-eyed optimist? By "hopefully provides a temporary relief", I was thinking on a longer scale as in maybe sometime next year and more along the lines of getting to come up for a breath when we've had a hand holding our heads below water for four years. Why is Europe's status something to care about in the U.S.? China is basically operating on all cylinders right now. It's insane how people in the U.S. don't get the damage that's being done on literally all fronts right now. The past year has had irreparable damage to the U.S. It's hard to know where to even start, from slow production due to job loss and just everything going slower, poor health due to active cases and the decades of health care reverberations done from permanent damage and repeat infections, poor education due to an already broken primary and secondary school system basically being put on pause for a year, etc. The U.S. is literally fighting whether to re-elect a person who likely has clinical personality disorders and is probably well below even average intelligence, at the very best. My worry that has happened with Trump’s presidency is the normalization that has occurred. For example, it is not my impression or understanding that Trump has any actual policies or stances and that he does not actually do any presiding. My understanding is that if he is not rallying, he is either tweeting, vacationing, or watching TV and barely takes on more than a few meetings a day. A president who reportedly spends upwards of six to eight hours a day watching TV is no president. The problem is that he is simply a caricature of a president, letting others do the actual policing making and tasks behind the scenes. For example, Trump doesn’t have anything to do with his own supposed immigration policies. They’re primarily written by a third generation Jewish immigrant who somehow is a white supremacist. The secondary effect of this normalization is the normalization of hate. That is, the idea that these policies rooted in hate and bigotry are somehow normalized into legitimate stances. It’s mind boggling to me that a person with the last name of Gomez as found in the article could somehow support policies that have Mexican children in concentration camps on U.S. soil. We’re all immigrants here who forcefully took this land. It’s mind boggling that anyone in the U.S. could hate immigrants enough to want them treated the way the Trump “presidency” has. It’s just very concerning. A president who is not a president is treated as one, and it legitimatizes his hateful and ignorant words. Trump likely has clinical personality disorders, and I would not be surprised if his mental capacity is extremely low. He took on running for presidency as yet another attempt to recover his brand and be a source of revenue, and it’s in all likelihood that if he loses, he will be launching his own TV network, i.e. continuing to abuse his presidency to further his brand. He basically only won in the first place due to the undue influence of Robert Mercer, a living breathing Bond villain. Trump is a literal cancer and has been used as a character actor by the Republican Party. That is it. Whether someone dislikes Democrats or whatever, you cannot argue for the legitimacy of Trump and his presidency. Racket Programming the Fun Way is about to be released. https://nostarch.com/racket-programming-fun-way Edit: I just noticed the "not for beginners" part of your comment. The unfortunate thing is they’re all coupled and non-separated: church, corporation, and state. I think you may be overly generous to Emacs. When I use Emacs, it's more I need to go through hundreds of lines of others' Emacs Lisp configurations to figure out how to do the thing I want to do or spend many times 5 minutes Googling how to do in Emacs. A good example of this is Elixir's helpful coloring and tab completion in its help documents. When I tried running Iex in an Emacs terminal, it just didn't work, and after Googling, it's just a mess of solutions. It literally just works in Visual Studio Code's terminal. I forced myself to learn Emacs for a class, and it was really quite painful. I get the power of the bindings and all that, but it's really a mess of an ecosystem, and I encountered plenty of bugs. Even then, I never got things to work just right, and it worked poorly when doing things across Windows and WSL boundaries. Another thing was that any time someone used my Emacs, they couldn't because it wasn't like their Emacs. So I've just gotten used to Visual Studio Code because I spend more time doing the thing I wanted to do than finding out how to do something simple in the editor. I add a single custom keybinding for toggling between the terminal and the code window, which can now be synced using a Microsoft account. I just install whatever extension I want (through one extension manager) and go at it. Combine this with the extremely powerful and useful extensions of Remote - SSH and Remote - WSL that allow you to use Visual Studio Code on basically any other computer with your extensions as they work on Windows, then you have a one-stop shop for development. https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/remote-overview And by the way, Visual Studio Code can do graphical tasks: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hediet.v... Is Visual Studio Code perfect? No. Can someone be more productive in Emacs than Visual Studio Code? Yes, but likely only if they've spent an inordinate amount of time learning Emacs and Emacs Lisp. But Visual Studio Code provides a nice balance of a single environment across languages that evolves with users' needs and basically anyone can be productive in it today . My personal preference is to use the standard IDE with whatever language I am using, and then to default to Visual Studio Code whenever there is no such standard. I also use a fair amount of visual languages that text editors do not work for. It's been quite clear to me for some time that our technological intelligence progresses at a rate far exceeding that of our emotional intelligence, which may not be progressing at all. So when I see articles like this, it isn't surprising at all. Technology is used today to basically "hack" our emotional brain to get us to do or think things we otherwise wouldn't. It's clear we are progressing technologically. Does anyone know of any science that describes how our emotions and the biology that generates them are progressing, particularly in our more and more technological world? Apple can say whatever they want about the performance of their chips in their phones, but in my personal experience, their phones are slower than the competition. Isn't that just F#? Do people really consider Python to have taste? It basically ignored Scheme, ML, and Erlang dialects from its creation onwards. That's all well and good, but it drives me crazy Microsoft refused and refuses to invest in F#, which could have very well been the Python of today if they had paid any attention to it. Of course, one is a sanely designed language. :) Joking aside, my question centered around that if one wants a type-safe Python, why wouldn't you just want something similar to F#? I don't understand. You can take Python code and basically write the equivalent in F#, ignoring many of F#'s additional features. It would look similar (probably even be cleaner) and would be type-safe. Can that really be done for Python and the vast amount of libraries? I don't get the sense that one could simply slap on a static type system on Python and get libraries typed for free. That is unless we're talking about a gradual typing system for Python, where new Python code could be typed and integrated into untyped codebases, similar to Racket and Typed Racket. I agree that my comment takes into account too much hindsight, but certainly this is part of the pain. If Microsoft had transitioned .NET to be cross-platform much sooner or from the beginning, then they would have been better off. I was recently surprised to learn that Mono basically existed from the beginning of .NET, as I had no idea it was so old, so it's clear that people wanted something like .NET Core from the beginning. It's confusing to me that Microsoft embarked on their Iron project, or whatever it was called, to stress test the CLR, got F# out of the project, and then decided to sit on it. They have incorporated F# features into C#, but it is confusing to me that they saw the rising popularity of Python and decided to let it happen unchecked because C# will never be F# or a language that appeals to Python programmers. > Those are... all radically different languages from each other. Not really, but that wasn't my point. My point was, that at the time of Python's creation, all those languages existed and have taste. The fact that they were ignored in Python's development is an example of it not having taste. The best example of this is Python's scoping rules. When something like Scheme or ML exists and you end up with Python's scoping, it's hard for me to understand where the taste is. I am "seasoned", and I find Python not obvious at all. It's a confusing language with little gotchas everywhere. I find writing code in something like Racket or F# to be much easier and more consistent than Python. You can write F# just as you would with Python. This would be just using OOP or just a collection of functions operating on simple struct- or dictionary-like types, using for loops, using list comprehensions, using if-else, etc. It will look very similar and be just as easy or easier to understand. I didn’t say it was. I am curious though what others consider to be tasteful about Python. It objectively has ignored features from those languages, such as immutability, concurrency, sane scoping, functional ways of thinking, pattern matching, better REPL, etc. which have all been making their way into most modern languages. So what’s tasteful about Python? The benefits it has that I see are that it’s easy to download and run for simple scripts and has clean-ish syntax, but that’s about it. For anything larger, it quickly gets in the way. Popularity is a confusing beast. What has made Python popular, in my opinion, is that it was adopted by scientists, but in my experience, that group of people has little taste in software and little want to figure out what else is out there. It counts for a lot, but it’s not like that’s all people use Python for. There are also other languages with similar amounts of lesser friction to get going. And those things aren’t enough to justify building large software out of. Great, another person in the camp that hates parentheses at first sight. :) A language, and thus the taste of the language, is not just its syntax. It's the whole package. It just so happens that Scheme and Racket have a minimal syntax to enable more regular semantics and advanced macros. I would recommend at least checking out Racket and giving it a chance if you've never even heard of Scheme. If you like Python's syntax, then you might be interested in the Rhombus project that the Racket team is embarking on or Pyret, both of which have Python-esque syntax. I'd also recommend F#, which has just as clean, if not cleaner syntax than Python. It's hard to call Python's syntax perfection when it is missing piping and pattern matching. Python can't even do multiline method chaining without an extraneous "\" character or parentheses. Python also doesn't have a multiline comment syntax. Vonnegut is really special. I always like coming back to his Shape of Stories talks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oP3c1h8v2ZQ Here's a longer one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOGru_4z1Vc It's interesting to see the difference in him with age. He seems to giggle more as an older man. Thanks. :) I believe you're the only one who does here. I can understand a dislike of parenthesis in the sense of it being a personal preference based on actual experience. I will admit that I was weary of them at first myself, but once I got into Lisps and particularly Schemes, I found myself liking the spartan nature of them. In a world full of complexity, it is nice to just get on with life, so to speak, when it comes to syntax, and I enjoy the regularity. F# is my favorite language, but I do hold Scheme dialects close. Tesla doesn't have battery technology, yet. Panasonic does, as do other companies. And what is "his tech"? It's going to be a while until EVs are mass market, and you seem to be making an implicit assumption that Tesla will be immune to competition in such a market. But that's not battery technology, is it? It's what you said, everything else but the battery technology. Also, Tesla isn't the only company with that technology. They announced plans. That's different than has or have. The Internet just taps into the primal (that is, of primate) instincts of humans. We're just a bunch of apes with technology, and the Internet is just a conduit for our lackluster emotional brains to connect to each other. There is no way around it because humans are deeply emotionally flawed, and these flaws are amplified by our technology. No amount of technology will fix it, as it will just be another catalyst. Looking elsewhere in the branches of life for intelligence, such as octopuses, whales, in particular orcas, and elephants, we see different types. Are they more or less emotional? The communal spirit of elephants and that of orcas, the latter of which showcase particularly striking examples of cooperation, does make you wonder. But then it again, it makes you wonder if all higher forms of intelligence lead you to take advantage of a greater amount of situations and why we even bother trying to establish ourselves out there for other intelligent lifeforms to find. > The underlying technology of git is great I disagree. It is quite slow and makes the wrong assumption that everything should be text. The problem exists in the educational methods, in my opinion. It seems most, not just in mathematics, feel that learning is the same as if the student can simply be played a tape that cannot be paused or rewound but can sometimes be sped up. Nearly nothing works like this, and it’s just that the penalties in mathematics are greater. I think of the ideal learning path as a sort of circular, recursive path that bends back and goes back over itself from time to time. Imagine a human painting a canvas. One does not simply do a raster scan, painting pixel by pixel in a linear fashion. By the time the painting is done, the piece has been gone over multiple times with multiple layers of finer and finer detail. A painting is a mishmash of broad and finer strokes, with some layers simply forming foundational layers for the later portions. A pyramid is the wrong metaphor. In my opinion, learning mathematics should be like creating a painting. One of the best examples of this I know of is the book Advanced Calculus: A Differential Forms Approach by Harold Edwards. The first three chapters introduce the material heuristically. The next three chapters circle back on the material, thoroughly proving everything introduced in the first three chapters. The remaining chapters greet the student with applications and extensions of the material. In the preface, Edwards states that he wanted the book to be able to be opened to any page and be read and make sense. It’s a wonderful goal, and he achieves it. The Remote - SSH extension allows you to run Visual Studio Code on whatever computer you want to run it on but then remotely connect to another computer such that your files are on the other computer, your code runs on the other computer, and the integrated terminal can run on the other computer. So it's like SSH on steriods, where your editor and IDE works, including all the extensions you'd expect. So for example, instead of going through the hassle of building Visual Studio Code on Raspberry Pi, where there's no official support, you can simply use the Remote - SSH extension to develop directly on the Raspbery Pi from a Windows computer. This really shines when the Linux machine you're connecting to is headless. The Remote - WSL extension allows the same thing but in a more direct way by connecting to a WSL installation on your Windows computer. https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/remote-overview This feature is also why I've recently been using Visual Studio Code more and more. I think something like Emacs, once you learn it and spend a huge amount of time on, would be more performant and snappy in the end, but Visual Studio Code has too many modern features and a rather frictionless configuration and extension experience that keeps me there. I knew I recognized the author somewhere. I recall him from his fun article about a torus Earth. http://www.aleph.se/andart/archives/2014/02/torusearth.html We’re connected by a vast network that lowest common denominators us. I don't think there's an easy answer to this question. Software engineers still don't know how to exactly or even efficiently communicate with each other. It's still an evolving field and process. In general, it is helpful to understand software development as a sub-field of systems theory and design, so any book that discusses systems should help one better understand software development. In general, I do also echo some of the other comments. If you are helping to design the app, you shouldn't necessarily need to understand the implementation details. In my experience, clients, whether they be external or internal or colleagues, getting too involved into what they think the implementation should be is usually a disaster. It puts pressure on the system to conform to how they think it should be, which is usually not necessarily how it should be, and it basically adds unnecessary constraints. The real constraints should be what the software should do and specifications on that, including how the software is intended to be maintained and extended. Some thoughts on some specific courses and books that I think would be helpful to better understand the goals of software development and design and ways to think about it all: Programming for Everyone - An Introduction to Visual Programming Languages : https://www.edx.org/course/programming-for-everyone-an-intro... I think this course should be taken by managers, designers, and even software engineers. The primary result is that you'll come out of it knowing state charts, which are an extension to state machines, and this will be very useful for thinking about software and organizing what the software should do. Handling state is one of the primary problems in software, and you might notice that all of the various paradigms (OOP, functional, imperative, actors, etc.) in computer programming relate to the various ways people think about handling state in a computing system. How to Code: Simple Data and Complex Data : https://www.edx.org/course/how-to-code-simple-data https://www.edx.org/course/how-to-code-complex-data https://www.edx.org/micromasters/ubcx-software-development These courses are taught by a designer of the Common Lisp language and based upon the excellent book How to Design Programs . It is essentially a language agnostic course that uses Racket to build up design paradigms that teaches you how to sort out your domain problem and designs into data and functions that operate on that data. The courses are part of a MicroMasters program, so if you really want to get into Java, that is taught in the follow-on courses. Based upon your last comment, here are some book suggestions on how computers work: Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software : https://www.amazon.com/Code-Language-Computer-Hardware-Softw... The Pattern On The Stone: The Simple Ideas That Make Computers Work : https://www.amazon.com/Pattern-Stone-Computers-Science-Maste... But How Do It Know? - The Basic Principles of Computers for Everyone : https://www.amazon.com/But-How-Know-Principles-Computers/dp/... The Elements of Computing Systems: Building a Modern Computer from First Principles : https://www.amazon.com/Elements-Computing-Systems-Building-P... I am not really getting what the thesis of this article is, and rather than try to hone in on that, I figured I'd give some thoughts on what OOP in functional languages means to me. In terms of OOP, I primarily think of the paradigm being one that provides mechanisms for the encapsulation of both data and behavior and for relating these through inheritance or composition. The "only messaging" part of Kay's famous quote is too constraining in my view because it overly species the implementation details of the access of how one taps into an object's data and behavior. For most people, their OOP experience has seen them use reference-based OOP languages like C#, Java, and C++. In such cases, there is a distinct line between that and what's typically thought of functional programming. This jarring difference is probably best noticed in F# where you have the referenced-based OOP and arrays brought about by C# and .NET/CLR interoperability and the functional layer of immutable-by-default discriminated unions, tuples, and records in the rest of the language. However, my experience in OOP has centered around value-based OOP, and this is where the line between OOP and functional programming is blurred. This is because, in my view, one of the pillars of functional programming is that of immutable data. In a value-based OOP implementation, objects are merely immutable values, where methods are functions that take in the object and possibly some extra parameters and return a new one and possibly some extra data. It's just that classes and objects and the relationships that can be defined between them gives us the ability to encapsulate data and behavior and expose it in controlled ways. F# records are very nearly functional OOP when viewed this way. F# records can contain member functions, where are "methods" in that they act upon records through dot notation but they do not mutable the record passed in. F# records can also implement interfaces, which is inheritance that defines relationships between specifications of behavior. It's just that F# records expose and do not encapsulate the data and, by some extension, methods. I think value-based OOP has a place in functional languages. Records and tuples are product types that form new data by concatenating data, discriminated unions are sum types that form new data by or-ing data together through a flat hierarchy, and objects are types that form new data by collating data and behavior together with relationships formed between these types. If all one ever does to any of these is provide some functions, either defined externally as in functions operating on immutable types or internally in the case of member functions or methods, then this still satisfies one of the major tenets of functional programming, that being immutable and collections of functions operating on such data. I think Kay's thoughts on message passing lies at a higher level or is an adjacent idea. One sees such message passing in actor models such as Elixir and Erlang, but those processes do not have hierarchical relationships like objects do, although they do have compositional relationships, nor do they provide mechanisms for strictly and cleanly defining data the processes are responsible for like what classes do. In my experience, coupling a system like Elixir and Erlang's processes with value-based OOP is a huge win, because these things are really different but complementary ideas. In my opinion, OOP being about message passing isn't really the case. It just so happens that Smalltalk married these two ideas (OOP and message passing) together. I don’t think it’s a UI problem. You are presuming the system knows the question it is answering. Why is that the consumer’s problem? It’s literally playing with people’s lives just because a company is bad at what they do. I would recommended just using the Nand2Tetris book Elements of Computing Systems and implement the computer on an FPGA. I went through the course using the original project’s simulation tools, and I am now circling back and implementing the Hack CPU on a Xilinx FPGA using VHDL. Regarding Boeing, it’s my opinion that you don’t kill off the whole company but rather kill off all the regulation loopholes that allowed this 737 Max mess to begin with. If Boeing can’t get their plane fixed and certified, properly, then big deal. That’s their problem. If they fail because they can’t sell their “new” broken plane, they killed themselves off. The even bigger problem is that our governments allow companies to get to these “too big to fail” states, and I myself am pretty tired of it. Every single time it is the consumer that pays, either literally or with their lives. I’m not really sure what you’re addressing. Preventing too big to fail doesn’t mean preemptively killing off companies. I am currently using a Digilent Nexys A7-100T. https://store.digilentinc.com/nexys-a7-fpga-trainer-board-re... It has a USB host port for a keyboard and VGA out for the display. The jury is still out as to whether I can build the entire CPU using nand gates, including the ROM and RAM memory. Doing so will use a lot of the FPGA's resources from calculations I've seen. If that's not possible for the memory, then I plan on using the block RAM that's included on the Xilinx board, but for everything else I plan on following the book's design as close as possible. So far, I am in chapters 1-3 simply porting my solutions in the course's HDL to VHDL, which is relatively straightforward so far. I'm taking my time to make sure I'm doing things "professionally", as I'd like to learn the Xilinx toolchain in my professional work at some point. My experience with FPGAs has been implementing them with LabVIEW, which actually makes learning VHDL somewhat mechanical although a bit frustrating. (If I had an FPGA big enough that's targetable via LabVIEW, I could probably build and test the computer in a day or two aside from the VGA and keyboard.) The combinatorial gates are done now, and I've implemented a DFF and am building things from there. So now I'm learning about clocking and such with VHDL. The most troublesome part I anticipate is what to do about the ROM and RAM memory and the display and keyboard. I'd also like to update the CPU where I can interactively download new code to the CPU from a PC using the assembler and software stack I'm building, which is in F#. I have several books I am using as reference: - VHDL By Example by Blaine C. Readler (great first intro to VHDL) - Digital Design Using Digilent FPGA Boards: VHDL/Vivado Edition by Haskell and Hanna - Effective Coding with VHDL: Principles and Best Practices by Ricardo Jasinski (I'm using this to sort through the various ways to do things in VHDL and have best practices in my code.) - VHDL for Logic Synthesis by Andrew Rushton - FPGA Prototyping by VHDL Examples: Xilinx MicroBlaze MCS SoC by Pong Chu What right does Apple have to make hundreds of billions dollars and to continually abuse their wealth for more power? You act as though Apple is suffering. It's pretty ridiculous. This isn't a draconian government takeover. It's to prevent a company, of all things, becoming more powerful than many governments in the world. Companies have no allegiance to the people and must be checked. > Support free products with your wallet instead That's not how society works. Humans can be abused and manipulated and deceived. I have seen scenarios in which Apple was a customer of another company. Apple was incredibly abusive in many ways, and this was toward a billion dollar plus company. How do you think Apple treats or cares about others, including its own customers? Most consumers do not understand the repercussions nor do they understand the power these companies can weld, so you can't say they have spoken. > it’s that you don’t have the right to stop them I don't, but the government does if they are doing so in a harmful way that violates laws and agreements. > Why do you think you can dictate who can buy and sell from who, especially on the basis that they are somehow too good at it? Again, I don't think anything of the sort. I didn't say that. And they aren't being punished for being "too good" at what they do. They are, or will hopefully be, punished because they are good but then they abused that to be even better. It's the abuse that's the problem. If it was deprioritized, which it seems it was, it was still done in a disappointing and rather eye-opening manner. Just letting an expensive and important scientific instrument deteriorate and just collapse is not the same as properly deprioritizing and decommissioning it. I found the quoted sentence to be very unclear, which is surprising because it is the crux of the matter. From it, I can't tell the timeline between the order of when things happened and who did what. Who approved and submitted what and when? He was also extremely vague, perhaps intentionally, about what the issue actually was. His sentence about when the paper was submitted and approved and all that is impossible to parse and make sense of who did what and when. Gebru's email to team members: https://www.platformer.news/p/the-withering-email-that-got-a... Tweet explaining how she "resigned": https://twitter.com/timnitGebru/status/1334343577044979712?s... An external reviewer of the paper: https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/k69eq0/n_t... I think you should be more open about what potentially actually happened because your first sentence seems very accusatory without proper information, the very bias that Gebru speaks of. According to her email that Dean references in his, her "feedback" for the paper was given in the form of a confidential HR document. That seems highly nonstandard for a review process supposedly only concerned with scientific rigor and is not addressed at all by Dean's statement. Further, his statement clearly, likely intentionally, muddies the water about what the actual sequence of events were that led to the paper being created, internal reviewers originally being notified, when the submission happened, who approved it, who submitted it externally, who asked for this to be retracted, and when and in what order all this happened. The fact that his statement, that was apparently meant to clarify these exact proceedings, makes it even more vague about what actually happened seems pretty damning to Dean's case, in my opinion. Both Gebru's and Dean's statements have very little overlap in flavor and in facts, so it's pretty apparent something is going on here that is nontrivial and abnormal. > It's worth doing because we drive a remarkable amount. Even at human safety level, more than a million people die every year in car crashes. I'm not sure. Why is this so? To save time? Sure, but I think the self-driving proponents that I have seen have not addressed the new problems that will be brought by self-driving cars. I don't think reducing crashes is anything but a marketing ploy because the real goal of self-driving is to make companies a lot of money. I think accidents will simply be transposed and not reduced. One problem is the initial rollout period where there is a non-homogeneous mix of human and automated drivers. This impedance mismatch will be problematic and likely lead to more accidents and congestion. In general, it's my belief (I don't have facts or research, just a hunch) that automated driving will actually increase congestion and traffic. We saw this with Uber and Lyft, where these things plus accidents were increased where these services were deployed. I've seen it first hand that the cars causing issues are likely to be Uber or Lyft. I will be very surprised if this is not the case with automated drivers. For example, consider the case of an automated car dropping someone off in a busy area, probably one of the most wanted use cases for automated car. This is because it could notionally drop the person off and then drive off and find parking. But that seems like an insanely hard problem because such a maneuver is actually difficult for humans and very tricky in busy areas. I truly don't understand the actual need for self-driving cars. There is a lot of hype, for sure, but I personally see that it will generate more problems. Basically the only problem that it will solve is reduction in human time driving because I doubt it will be actually safer such that it's a major difference from now. I feel our society would gain much more benefit in concentrating on better transportation and urban design: planes, trains, automobiles, bicycles, and walking. I think I agree in that as the balance tips towards more self-driving cars on the road that it will be safer for them, but I also think that although the numbers of human drivers will be lowered, the likelihood of accidents might also increase unless humans adapt toward driving with self-driving cars. Transforming our roads towards better supporting automated vehicles through signs, markings, and other infrastructure does seem to be a natural conclusion to make it really work, but that all rests upon the assumption that these massive fleets of self-driving cars are required components of our future. We already have major issues maintaining the infrastructure on our roads. Fully transforming them will take a lot of time and money. I really think a more holistic approach is needed because self-driving cars will be solving a lot of problems, in hard ways, that are much more simply solved by (essentially automated) train, subway, trolley, and bus systems. Going all in on self-driving cars seems to be the wrong goal. We need to be thinking about how to transform our infrastructure and urban design to have the right solution in the right spot. I do think self-driving cars have a place in this, but simply slapping self-driving cars onto our existing car and road culture and design is not the right solution. I really worry about the U.S.' nature about letting corporations dictate where society goes. We're in this mess to begin with because of car corporations destroying public transportation in cities and requiring the new city designs to be built around cars. I think we'll continue to see corporations create solutions that generate more problems. Well I'd be appreciative of any data that shows that instead of just a curt response. You shouldn't call me out presenting my hunches honestly. If you have data that disagrees, show it. Otherwise, your hunch is as good as mine. The data I've seen essentially shows the in vitro safety of self-driving cars. Yes, these cars are driving out in the real world, but they are singular in a sea of human drivers. The reports I've seen is that the cars are overly careful and just put along. The safety data of such trials will be skewed. You can't simply extrapolate that safety data out to where now you have say 25% self-driving and 75% human drivers and so on. It's a dynamic problem. I've seen presentations by Waymo managers. Just as little as a year or two ago, the cars were basically incapable of handling snow or rain. You may be offended by the marketing comment, but until we see holistic data that supports what the marketing says, that's the reality. The existing data on Uber and Lyft is clear. They increase accidents and congestion. How do self-driving cars approach this problem? Because there's clear precedence that the introduction of a new paradigm of driving causes problems, even ignoring the aspect of self-driving versus human driver. Typed Racket is pretty close. I imagine that with some work and Racket's macro and module system that someone could rewrite it to be more ML-like in syntax. In the Coursera course Programming Languages , I ported some of the first assignments from SML to F# and Typed Racket, and you can see the similarities of type annotations in the very simple examples below. SML: (* Helper function. Takes a generic list and an integer n and returns the nth element of the list. *) fun get_nth_element (xs : 'a list, n : int) = if n = 1 then hd xs else get_nth_element(tl xs, n-1) (* Takes a list of strings and an integer n and returns the nth element of the list. *) fun get_nth (strings : string list, n : int) = get_nth_element(strings,n) F#: /// Helper function. Takes a generic list and an integer n and returns the nth element of the list. let rec getNthElement (xs : 'a list, n : int) = if n = 1 then List.head xs else getNthElement(List.tail xs, n-1) /// Takes a list of strings and an integer n and returns the nth element of the list. let getNth (strings : string list, n : int) = getNthElement(strings,n) Racket: #lang typed/racket ;; Helper function. Takes a generic list and an integer n and returns the nth element of the list. (: get-nth-element (All (T) (Listof T) Integer -> T)) (define (get-nth-element xs n) (if (equal? n 1) (first xs) (get-nth-element (rest xs) (- n 1)))) ;; Takes a list of strings and an integer n and returns the nth element of the list. (: get-nth ((Listof String) Integer -> String)) (define (get-nth strings n) (get-nth-element strings n)) Newton was a nut, in nearly every positive and negative, sense of the word. I highly recommend James Gleick's Isaac Newton : https://www.amazon.com/Isaac-Newton-James-Gleick/dp/14000329... It is an engrossing and not long read on Newton. It covers a fair amount of his heretical thoughts and feuds with people and paints a rather complete picture of the man. It's basically common knowledge now, but Newton's writings on alchemy and religion are in vast excess of his writings on physics and mathematics. It seems that intriguing questions that he couldn't find answers for almost made him rabid, in a sense. It remains interesting to me that space exploration yields so much excitement when we have an essentially unexplored alien world with alien creatures right here . I have little idea why reaching a dead, likely lifeless, planet is more exciting than the ocean. Additionally, better understanding the ocean would better prep us to be able to properly explore planets and moons. My sentiment or lament is not a false dichotomy. I didn’t present it as only two options. It’s more that most act like there’s only one option. Of course we can do both, but we don’t. In fact, we are actively harming the ocean. > Not to mention that innovations derived from space exploration do end up in applications here on earth. That’s part of the bias towards space. Plenty of innovations derived from other large technological developments and projects end up in unanticipated applications. This effect is not unique to space technology development and is not necessarily a strong argument for its funding. A huge swath of modern technology comes from defense spending. Should we increase the defense budget? Again, my comment was more of a lament in the way treat and view the ocean. What is your process of learning it? Did you take the Pharo MOOC? That's great to hear. It's been on my radar for a while, but I've not dove into yet. > I would recommend even taking the time to listen to the parts that seem basic. Thanks for that recommendation! This is my default style, although it's enabled by not knowing much anyway. Lol. Regarding your last point, this is my exact feeling knowing F# and Racket before being forced to use Python in some capacities. > It may continue to get updates, it may not. That basically goes for Google's official products as well. I'm glad Google is being investigated, and I am even more glad AMP could be going away. It completely ruins mobile experiences because it blocks preferred apps from opening their respective URLs. In my opinion, we need programming experience (PX) research. While programming languages don't have to be purely textual, they primarily are, and this is a big constraint on typical programming language design. I don't know if it's been quantified, but there is certainly a qualitative ceiling to what's possible with typical text-based syntax. That's why most languages are just permutations of what exists, and there's always limits. We have such rich ways to express information and interactivity, and these are nearly completely ignored by the PL community. I see hybrid programming languages and environments, that are part visual and part textual, as the future in the same way that languages like Fortran and Lisp and then text editors and text-based IDEs were once the future. There is an edX course by David Harel (the author of this paper) and Michal Gordon called Programming for Everyone – An Introduction to Visual Programming Languages . I highly recommend it for anyone dealing with state, whether you’re a programmer, designer, engineer, or manager. https://www.edx.org/course/programming-for-everyone-an-intro... Unless one listens to Apple’s marketing, Apple is not necessarily the best and most optimized. In my experience, iPhone’s always feel outdated. They’re often slower, clunkier in their user experience, heavier, and thicker. I find it completely disappointing and disheartening that the west has done almost nothing to curb the virus, thus increasing the chance of mutation and continued spread. It's just hard to see the pointing of fingers at China that's happened, especially in hindsight when it's unclear if it even began in China (which doesn't really matter anyway if it was a naturally occurring zoonotic crossover event) and not somewhere else like Italy, but the west has just rolled over to the threat of the virus in its response. Meanwhile, life in China has been basically normal for a while. It further drives me crazy because I am still disconnected from my family because the U.S. still refuses to allow my fiancée to travel back (she lives and works in the U.S.) from the country best dealing with this to to the worst. It's just sickening there's no support for people like us, and now it looks like it can only get worse in the west. They were also highly restricting travel internally as well, already doing temperature checks on major roads. > I also find it disappointing that people still think that blindly applying measures that may work in one case, will work in any other case. ... And people still think that taking one set of rules that work in one context we can just apply them anywhere and have the same result. Where was that suggested? You totally underestimate the amount of influence and propaganda enacted by corporations and the government in the U.S. Secondly, why is this an excuse to totally fail at handling the pandemic and to let the economy fail? > Google already has a fantastic revenue stream, and only has downsides from doing something "evil" for piddling revenue gain. How can you have this opinion when they are already being sued by the government for doing this exact thing (in another area of their business)? Does it matter to my point? My point is that Google has multiple times exceeded their bounds to do something evil to make extra money, so much so that they are being explicitly sued for just some of those now. Your point seemed to be why would they take the risk to do something evil and shady for extra money, when my point was that they already have a history of doing that exact thing. The lawsuit I had in mind was the one calling out their shady AMP practices. Some other interesting resources about typography, user interfaces, and coding in movies: Typeset in the Future (book and website): https://typesetinthefuture.com/ Behind the Screens (YouTube channel): https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzOc0EEdwWAlnwrWV-7sDbg Why? Human longevity is a source of problems, and I personally wish we'd work harder at making the quality of our lives better instead of extending our time here. LabVIEW has this, so you might check it out in LabVIEW Community if you're interested in this. Data flows across wires, and so you can probe the data in a running program to inspect it, which uses default displays for the probes. You can create custom probes for the data, which allows custom user interface interactions that takes in data from the probes (custom displays, additional calculations, etc.). I am in general interested in this as well, and have found debugging in most text-based IDEs to be a step backwards. I disagree with that assessment, and it isn’t what I was referring to. Of course advances in healthcare are good for people, especially for things that address disorders that strongly affect someone’s health and quality of life and also those that prematurely end life. But these things are already under heavy research and development. So it calls into question what the original commenter and I suppose you are searching for. Why do we have a need for additional work on explicitly increasing human longevity whenever such a thing is already a secondary or tertiary effect of what we’re already doing? But a cure for cancer, for example and if it ever happens, will have no effect on poverty, lack of education, inequalities of all kinds, mental disorders, and the multitude of other societal and environmental problems. There are tons of things we can be doing that can improve people’s quality of life, standard of living, enjoyment of life, reducing stress, and more that have little if nothing to do with healthcare advances. Even advances in the fields of psychology and psychiatry are a bit like trying to plug a leak with bubble gum. Certainly helping people to recover from and live with mental disorders is a good thing, although seemingly underfunded in current times, but one must understand that humans are not emotionally built for the societies we’ve created. I just don’t see how longevity should be an explicit goal when the lives for so many people are a complete struggle. I have never seen that characterization of longevity before, so I am generally confused by what you’re discussing. It is my understanding that prevention is heavily researched. I equate longevity with duration, not with preventing illnesses and diseases. Even Science Direct defines it as: > Longevity is one of the commonly used terms in aging research that may be defined as an individual’s ability to reach longer life span under ideal conditions. That is the definition I was asking why against. My genuine question was and is: if life is such a struggle and tough for such a huge portion of the population, why is increasing the duration of life an interesting goal? Thanks for sharing that. And I don't get the sense that the Tumblr page is linked to the YouTube channel. I think I just see a few times where the Tumblr page has a post from and linking to the YouTube channel. > It's usually implied that it would also increase the healthspan, rather than prolonging suffering. As I've stated multiple times now, this is only true if you consider suffering related to health, and I am not considering just health-related suffering. Please read my other comments before replying. I keep getting replies only talking about health in the very physical and medical sense. When I say "quality of life", I mean it in the holistic sense. For example, if someone who is poor, disenfranchised, has no retirement, lives paycheck to paycheck, lives in heavy pollution both of air and water, etc., is living longer really on top of their list? And of course, no one has addressed the societal issues that longevity creates. > Aging itself isn't something you die from, you die from age related deceases. That's kind of pointless semantics, but anyway, it doesn't address anything I've said. If we go back to the original query: "what are you surprised isn't being work on?", then is it really surprising longevity is a niche thing when there's so much else to work on (i.e., so much going wrong)? If someone really thinks longevity is interesting enough, then I'd like to see the political, societal, and environmental, not just the medical, arguments and solutions that would need to come along with it to make it a net positive. Wanting longevity seems to be a rather privileged position. > the elimination of domestic manufacturing in the US was largely the result of policy choices which enabled businesses to move out of US environmental and labor regulations while still selling into the US market. In other words, greed. What a shit show. Before the virus, just like before the housing crisis and other issues, people have pointed out failings of the U.S. and they were brushed off by people with the attitude of “nah, can’t be, the U.S. is the greatest country”. But now with COVID-19, it has shown what a complete mess of a state that the U.S. is in, as clear as can be. It is barely functioning it seems and really shows that no, all these questions about the U.S.’ ideology, operations, organization, etc. are not just conspiracy theories. The failings are very real and apparent. But yet, I see almost no real concern among anybody. It feels like a twilight zone in which everyone’s just seemingly cruising along while all these warning signs are everywhere. Unemployment is a nightmare, supply chain inefficiencies are high, gun sales are at an all time high, stock market is bullish, real estate and small business are tanking, etc. I just don’t understand what’s going on, and it is very scary. My check for paying my landlord was late this month because it was in the mail for over three weeks. It took the RMV almost two months to reply to my inquiry through their official email system (their phone system just hangs up on you and tells you to call back tomorrow). I haven’t seen my fiancée in almost a year now because of lies and inefficiencies in the visa system. Just nothing is normal. Everything is slow. There is no one to get help from. The only option to even attempt to rectify an issue in the U.S. is to hire (i.e. dump thousands into) a lawyer. We, the people and poor, are rather powerless. It’s just all confusing and scary as to how powerless and vulnerable we all are to the giant corporations and few politicians who run this country. And now with COVID-19, it’s even scarier because of how little anyone cares. There’s a real sense of just burnout or apathy or both. Well, it’s the landlord’s decision. Not mine. They’re not a management company, and I’ve suggested alternative methods like Venmo. > What confuses me the most is that people seem to have accepted the status quo. That concerns me as well. However, despite my concern, I’m not sure what to do about it other than vote, which seems a hopeless way to go about doing things given what my fellow voters are doing. It feels the only way to make a real change in this country is to become obscenely wealthy and then enact change via that. And I would say my concern is greater than my confusion because I accept that corporations and the government have engaged in decades long propaganda that got us here. > > That said, I try to insure that nothing I make wastes the players’ time by having them do things that aren’t productive or creative. > And this is why I like Nintendo games. Really? Nintendo is absolutely notorious for stuff like this. > Also, Chinook is delicious and anything which means more lox is a win in my book. The salmon isn’t for you. It’s for the orcas who are literally starving. I wish he gave more examples in that response because I'm generally confused what he's talking about. I'm familiar with Racket and F#, but not having used Clojure, I'm missing some context about the Clojure ways of doing things and examples of the problems he claims. > I feel about them the way I do about switch statements - they're brittle and inextensible. That is not the case in a language like F# or OCaml. I do note that F# was introduced only slightly before Clojure was, but pattern matching provides nicely extensible functions and are anything but brittle in those languages. Also, active patterns in F# allow one to extend the pattern matching functionality. > The binding aspect is used to rename structure components because the language throws the names away, presuming the types are enough. Again, redundantly, all over the app, with plenty of opportunity for error. I'm not sure what he means here. Again in a language like F#, names of the data aren't thrown away. They are pattern matched against, only being "thrown away" to do actual calculations. Nothing is ever lost where the data came from. For example: type Shape = | Circle r | Square s let area shape = match shape with | Circle r -> System.Math.PI * r * r | Square s -> s * s There's no confusion here. In fact, pattern matching in a language like F# allows one to completely remove the possibility of error. For example, this really shows off in parsing applications. Once your parsing function returns a type that can be pattern matched, it's extremely difficult to have an error in the pattern matching sections of code. These are typically the most robust parts of the application. > I'd much rather use (defrecord Color [r g b a]) and end up with maps with named parts than do color of real*real*real*real, > and have to rename the parts in patterns matches everywhere (was it rgba or argb?) I don't understand this either. In F#: type Color = { R: float; G: float; B: float } let colorFunction { R=r; G=g; B=b } = r * g * b No names are thrown away. Also, the comment on rather using maps seems to assume the data type for every element of the data structure is the same. How do you just use maps when the underlying types of your record aren't the same? Thanks for the link to Clojure's polymorphism. I'll need to read through it later and in more detail. Isn't the open/closed principle more of an OOP design concept? In a statically typed language like F#, I want and expect to be notified what functions I need to update when I add a new type constructor to an existing type. This isn't a problem and is welcomed. Just because one updates functions doesn't make them brittle or inextensible. By only adding a new pattern matching branch, one is able to extend a function without affecting the other branches. However, this is getting into the statically typed nature of F#. I think that link explains the expression problem rather superficially. It says you just need to add a new class, but neglects to mention that that also entails adding the new method overrides. So simply saying the OOP way is easy and functional programming is difficult when adding a new type is not really accurate. Same thing for adding a function in the functional programming paradigm, because it neglects you need to add a branch for all types. In reality, OOP inheritance and functional pattern matching are simply transposes of each other, and I'd argue that one is not really necessarily better or worse than the other. They're simply different organizational methods of how the data and functions on the data are organized. Exactly my thoughts. In the context of the posted article, one just installs the Remote - SSH extension and moves on with life. Articles like this really trigger the imposter syndrome for me. I just have no patience for these type of things, and seeing others' both ability and patience to power through issues like this one, I just feel like an imposter. But these types of issues are why I've always given up on learning Emacs. When I can just install Visual Studio Code and the Remote - SSH extension and whatever else extension that I want to work remotely and get on with life, it's really hard to justify the time one needs to spend with Emacs to bend it to your will. You shouldn't make so many assumptions. If you're confused, ask a clarifying question instead of going off of incorrect assumptions. There were two points in my comment. One was of feeling like an imposter, in that even as a software engineer I lack both the patience and skill to pull the debugging off the article showcased. It's both admiration and lament at the same time. The second point was that I personally prefer to altogether avoid issues like this if I can by selecting what I feel is the best available tool at the time. I have tried to use Emacs multiple times, and while this exact issue is not one I have encountered (I did say "these types of issues"), I have come across similar issues, especially with having Emacs talk to another computer or VM. Every time I have tried to get into Emacs, I end up hitting some barrier akin to these things, and so I resign myself to using Visual Studio Code, where then I get off to coding rather than trying to bend the environment to what I'd like. And it always seems that with Visual Studio Code it both does what I'd like and works without a million gotchas. Visual Studio Code is not perfect, and I have had issues with it and expect more issues. However, they don't hit me as early as they seem to with Emacs, and that's an important distinction. The remoting extension is extremely seamless, and I have not seen an Emacs example of matching anything close to it. It really comes down to personality. If I was a carpenter and had a broken hammer, I wouldn't go off rebuilding the hammer or designing one from scratch. I'd do my best to find someone else who's already built a hammer that works. That doesn't imply I never expect the hammer to never break. > would prefer to know that such issues can be fixed with or without vendor participation Visual Studio Code is open source and well-managed. I'd prefer that a solution be merged into the tool for everyone, rather than being buried in someone's .emacs file. Also, what is there to automate in the U.S.? Most of what could be a target of automation is already in China. > working on important stuff like how to deal with plastics recycling and separation Do you happen to have any helpful analysis, articles, companies, etc. along these lines? I have thought it would be a fun thing to work on, but I have struggled to know where to look and haven’t found anything particular in my searching. But the automation will need engineers and technicians. China is likely not super reliant if at all on the west for automation expertise, and is likely closing any gap that may exist. They have a legion of more and more well educated people to fill those roles. I’m super worried that the U.S. is turning into Russia, i.e., a corrupt oligarchy with no want or ability to mobilize and educate its people. China saw that happening to themselves and specifically steered away from it back in the 80s. I actually prefer to use the de facto IDEs for most languages, only deferring to something like Visual Studio Code or Emacs when those don’t exist. I recently started going through the book Thinking as Computation: A First Course by Hector Levesque, and I am finding it rather nice. It goes slow, but I like slow. It uses Prolog as the computational implementation of the thesis that presents thinking as computation. https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/thinking-computation Other books I have but haven't gone through yet are Adventure in Prolog and The Art of Prolog . I am learning Prolog because I think I have an idea that I believe might actually be easily solved by Prolog instead of hacking it in some other language. I personally believe in learning paradigms of programming as far more important than languages. Prolog presents the very unique logic programming paradigm. Learning new paradigms always feels a bit mind-bending to me. Edit: Actually, my last statement may be only in hindsight given that any experienced programmer will know or know of languages like C and Python that aren't mindbending, so one's viewpoint gets slowly skewed. I think that's why sometimes beginners find things like Prolog or other "strange" languages interesting or even easy, and that's because they present a paradigm that is more like like how humans think about certain tasks. Whether it's Prolog and logic, Elixir/Erlang and messaging, F#/Ocaml/SML with pattern matching, etc., these paradigms are actually quite natural to humans who haven't been tainted with paradigms like that of C, which takes on the paradigm of "let's think like a machine". Definitely! It's been on my backburner for years as well. I have the book and started to take the edX course a couple of years ago, but got sidetracked with work. I e-mailed Peter Van Roy back in May, asking if the edX course would be resumed. He stated that the local university course got removed from the engineering curriculum, so that's why the edX course isn't running anymore. Hopefully it comes back. He mentioned that he had recorded some lectures on his YouTube channel. https://www.edx.org/course/paradigms-of-computer-programming... https://www.edx.org/course/paradigms-of-computer-programming... https://www.youtube.com/user/PeterVanRoy > Google offers these services for free to the end-user and generates revenue from ads. We pay them with our data. It’s an exchange of services. I was really disappointed and disheartened. It showed great weakness. I recently watched the movie Olympus Has Fallen. We were just wanting a dumb action movie to pass the time. The North Korean terrorists just basically walked in and took the White House. We were like, how stupid is that, no way that could really happen. And here today, we literally saw it happen. People took over one of our nation’s most important buildings with extremely high level people in it without a sweat, without resistance, and basically without repercussions. I remarked today to my family that I bet Russians and North Koreans were watching going, wait, we can just walk in? Of course they couldn’t because they aren’t white “Americans”. And all of this really paints a nasty picture of what happened today. It was a soup of treason, violence, white privilege, disgrace, sadness, and weakness. I mean, a bomb on the grounds was found and detonated by a bomb squad and people were still allowed to stay on the premises. I really could not believe how they could just take over the place. I even saw a video where police actually just opened the gates for them. [An article I read said] There was an additional bomb also found on the Capitol grounds. Obviously this is a developing situation. And the details don’t actually matter to my point. Clear and present evidence to commit acts of domestic terrorism was available, and people were still allowed to loiter and vandalize as they pleased. > It's a little bit expensive but the design is incredible. What incredible design are you referring to? Do they have a design and prototype already that has internal and external pictures released? I didn't catch that, and it looks like their comment was edited after I first saw it to make my comment. Thanks for responding to let me know instead of just downvoting like others. Even as a software engineer who studied mathematics, I just can't get excited about the type of problems found in Advent of Code and other such things, like Project Euler. Those problems amount to little puzzles and tricks and algorithms that have little to no context. What I find interesting about computing and programming is the representation and exploration of ideas. Also, I can't help but wonder. Why does the Director of Google Research and a computer scientist use his personal time to code, what looks like exclusively, in Python rather than other interesting languages? Is it a bit of marketing for Google and/or his book, or does he just like Python? Learning a programming language isn't anywhere near the difficulty of learning a new spoken and written language. That's fine, but it addresses a bunch of things I didn't say. I'm sure I would learn something if I read through the code in more detail, but that's true of a ton of things and time is what it is. I merely commented on what I personally find interesting and uninteresting. Also, even I, a non-Director of Research at Google and non-computer scientist, don't particular enjoy using the language I use on a day-to-day basis for fun in my personal time. > The added benefit of Python is the ease of using something like Jupyter notebooks, which make it trivial to iterate. Although, other languages do have better REPLs, allowing easier iteration than Python's REPL. Some languages, have both a better REPL and notebook-style programming, such as F#. But I was really more curious rather than saying which language would be "better". It is less about hyper-focus on language and more of a curiosity. Yes, I personally don't like Python, but I would have the same curiosity if he used , had written a book using , and if Google heavily used . Thanks for those, but I have read them already. His comments on his book and Python are not really relevant in today's world and are more of a historical interest. Also, I don't really understand the timeline from his comment and am not familiar enough with the book to know its history. Did the first edition use Python? (I am aware of his and Russell's prior AI book.) What am I confused about other than what I asked? There’s two books. The first is Paradigms of Artificial Intelligence Programming , which used Common Lisp, and the second is Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach , which to my knowledge primarily uses or encourages Python. I was trying to place what time Norvig was referring to in the linked comment. He mentions his book, which I assumed to be the modern approach one. The first edition came out in 1995 and the second in 2003. Python came out first in 1991, and he joined Google in 2001. His comment makes it hard to know when he was referring to (and thus even what book), and what I don’t know is if the first edition of the modern approach book used Python or if that came later in the second edition (without going and finding copies of the editions myself). You’re of course free not to care. That’s absurd. But isn’t this a website designed for people to say what they find interesting or not? Why are these comments so hostile? I personally don’t think it is because in the face of many modern languages, it doesn’t do any one thing the best and doesn’t present an interesting paradigm. Is there something it does interesting that I can’t find in languages like F#, Racket, or Elixir? But my question was trying to understand if Python has some hidden mojo that Norvig really likes or if he uses it like this publicly because he’s a top leader at a company that also uses it heavily. People listen to people like that in positions like his, and if he did all his solutions in Julia, F#, or whatever, that’d probably route a good amount of attention to those other languages that Google and his book doesn’t really use or hire for. It seems my remark that confused you is that I indeed made a mistake about thinking Russell was a co-author on PAIP, which he is not. Although, I thought it was clear I was talking about AIMA and referring to PAIP in my parenthetical comment. I feel it's nicer to just ask a question rather than to say someone is confused. I still think it's fair to say the book encourages the use of Python if one of the primary authors publishes solutions in that language over existing solutions in another language and the author promotes Python. Of course, it seems over time other languages have grown into providing solutions. I don't have the book (because of its exorbitant price) but do have PAIP, so I can't say for sure. Even the GitHub repo for the Lisp implementation says its out of date and was used back in 1995. This latter point is relevant and was what I was curious about. Were Norvig's comments referring to a time before the first edition was published, or was it after the first edition was published and sometime in between the first and second editions? I'm just generally curious about the context in which he's referring to. I really like how Joe Armstrong speaks and writes so plainly. He always makes me feel good to learn from and not dumb. Mind pointing out where? I asked a pretty simple question and got answers insinuating I said things I didn’t. Of course we all enjoy things for different reasons. I don’t insist on anything. People are free to disagree on whatever and have their own stance. If people like Advent of Code, that’s great. I have looked into it before, and it’s not for me. And I was also simply curious why Norvig seems to like Python so much. He either likes it or it’s convenient as a marketing tool or both (i.e., it fits all his needs). None of those are bad or wrong or whatever. I think bash is a little strong. There’s a lot of ways to view programming and to identify as a programmer. In many ways, it’s a lament of mine and a feeling of being an imposter that I don’t necessarily enjoy what many programmers seem to. I didn’t attack anything and only presented my personal opinion. People are banned all the time. The only reason he wasn’t banned earlier, and there has been plenty of opportunity to do so, is that he stood in a position of privilege, having been elected president. It’s a little surprising to me that of all things, i.e. the banning of a racist, sexist, traitor, and inducer of violence on social media, is what causes Hacker News to say big tech needs to be busted, and not the multiple violations and manipulations they themselves have been a part of. I do agree that many corporations are too powerful. This whole situation is the result of a century of corporatism in America, corporations using their influence and (domestic) evangelical religious extremists to further their capitalist goals. It’s why "under God" is in the Pledge of Allegiance, and it’s how the modern day Republicans came to be. I encourage anyone to watch Adam Curtis’ documentaries. He nails it on the head of how we got here. I haven't read about this in a long time, but I have always been curious why the wheels weren't tested more on Earth and designed to be more hardy. Curiosity has apparently only traveled 12.5 miles, and that seems extremely low for such heavy damage. I would have guessed that tests on Earth would have logged many more miles than that, but I should look into their diagnosis of what went wrong. Thanks for that link. I think I have read something similar in the distant past but read through it again. > There are [places] on Earth that do have these sharp ventifacts, but we hadn't seen them on Mars and we didn't test against them This is whats so curious. In their testing on Earth after the fact, they found: > Bedrock with lots of rocks: ~8 kilometers > Lots of rocks, not on bedrock: 13-14 kilometers > Bedrock with few rocks (think flagstones): 30-40 kilometers or more It's just very surprising they didn't think to test on more varied Earth terrains, looking for worst case scenarios, where they would have clearly found this limitation. It is my understanding that the wheel damage became a major limiting factor of Curiosity's mission. How's it working in the U.S. where billionaires are dissolving the U.S. government? You’re assuming one came before the other. It is the corporations that corrupted the politicians, or at least catalyzed the process. My comment isn’t throwaway. It was intended as a counterpoint. If you seek some clarification, then ask. My point is to paint the picture that leveraging extremes doesn’t work. It is often the case that the west, in particular the U.S., assumes their way is the best and that this way should be applied, forcefully if necessary, elsewhere. In reality, the world’s two most powerful nations, that is the U.S. and China, are at the extreme opposite ends of political and economical ideology. One has corporations controlling everything and the other has the government controlling everything. In both cases, it is an extreme but minority so-called elite group that controls the fate of the people. My lament is this scenario, because it is clear, at least to me, that the ideal is somewhere in between. > That is not true ... EM field is not "nothing", it is a thing that is everywhere and has properties. I feel that slightly trivializes the unknowns of what fields actually are and is a bit pedantic in the context of the comment you replied to. If fields are not nothing, okay, point to one. Show me it. Yes, they are a thing in the sense that we can measure their effect on other things that we can see and point to, but I think it's a huge rabbit hole to try to answer just what fields are. In many respects, fields are just a mathematical model of effects we see. Forth is fun. I haven’t learned much of it or used it much, but it has been enjoyable. Donal Trump was not censored. He violated policy. I'm finally getting things down on paper (writing code) to flesh out my ideas of visual programming. I'm currently using Racket to prototype things, learning its Graphical Interface Toolkit. There's a long road ahead though, with a lot of technical challenges to appropriately realize the virtues of the paradigm, which I feel has a much higher ceiling than text-based languages. What is frustrating is that I have had the ideas for the past 4-8 years, but I am finally just getting things going. https://docs.racket-lang.org/gui/ That is completely unrelated. You may be interested in Elixir Nerves as well. https://www.nerves-project.org/ > Thinking about all of the sciences, computer science is still very much on the leading edge. What do you mean by this? The book One Nation Under God: How Corporate America Invented Christian America has it the other way around. https://www.amazon.com/One-Nation-Under-God-Corporate/dp/046... For dataflow programming, you introduce structures. For example, in LabVIEW, one has many types of structures such as for loops, while loops, case structures (for making decisions), event structures (for listening to and responding to user events), type specialization structures (for reacting, at development/compile time, to types in a dynamic way as a type of development/compile time polymorphism), conditional compile structures (for conditionally compiling different parts of code), and disable structures (for disabling certain parts of code). Here's a simple case structure for a decision based upon a boolean value: https://imgur.com/a/YyzXVhU This is really no different than the type of dataflow you have in other functional languages like F# or Racket. Values flow into special syntax forms such as if or match that allow branching. Do you have a shining example of someone using NoFlo? It doesn't have to be big, but one that you think really exemplifies what it excels at. (By the way, I'm a big fan of visual programming, so I'm just curious.) Thanks for the links! I’ll check them out. I checked out Newton’s Principia in graduate school. It’s incomprehensible because it heavily uses geometric arguments that basically no one uses these days. It’s hard stuff and looks nothing like modern calculus. I think it was L’Hospital’s book that actually looks very similar to modern-day calculus. Leibniz’ work, from what little I’ve seen is a bit more readable, mainly because he was concerned with the conceptual-ness of it all. Feynman, for a challenge, decided to do things the old-school geometric way, and he reported it was “damn hard”. I think it’s probably a little of both. On one side, I am reminded of the quote “luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity”. Many of the big discoveries happened by very intelligent people being in the right place, at the right time where a certain idea was ripe, meeting the right people, and having just enough gusto, so to speak, to push in a new direction. I think that is probably applicable to people like Einstein and Shannon. I’m not taking away from them at all because they did it with work and intelligence. It’s just they had the right preparation at the right time and place. But then there are other people that do seem to be on a totally different plane, usually in some specific field. One that comes to mind is someone like Grigori Perelman. I think that’s where the comment on genetics applies, because someone like that truly has biological horsepower that the rest of us don’t have. Then there are others who are more generalist thinkers, at a system level, that seem to see things the rest of us don’t and have the capability to sort through it all. I’m reminded of people like Stafford Beer. Someone like Noam Chomsky is probably in this category as well but also in the former, like Perelman. If you’ve ever watched Chomsky debate or speak, he seems to have a basically infinite memory and instant recall of what he has read. > As I get older, I am returning more to it's more about nature than nurture: genetics matter much more than environment. It is my understanding that modern science supports this. I’ve seen either a book or article (none of which I can recall at the moment) that echoes this sentiment. Yea, Einstein’s papers and a lot of those early 20th century physics papers are surprisingly quite readable, even for a moderate layman such as myself. Because of this, I must say I find Carroll’s claim that he’s never read one of Einstein’s relativity papers a bit dubious. Dirac’s paper on magnetic monopoles contains a rather beautiful and general introduction on progress in physics. I highly recommend it. http://users.physik.fu-berlin.de/~kleinert/files/dirac1931.p... I think the counterargument is that in large projects, you will end up with DSLs whether you meant to or not. The philosophy of language oriented programming (LOP), as I take it or understand it, is that since you'll end up with them anyway, why not approach and build DSLs explicitly. There's pretty much no reason to use MIT Scheme unless for a course, despite its historical significance and influence. For one, it's no longer supported on Windows. I would recommend using Racket with the #sicp language extension. https://docs.racket-lang.org/sicp-manual/SICP_Language.html I personally would recommend Racket or Clojure. Both of them are much more opinionated and closer to Scheme than Lisp, which is a bit more loosey-goosey (i.e., not focused on functional programming), so to speak. If you really want Lisp and not a Scheme-like, then Common Lisp is the only choice. I like going to /r/wallstreetbets. I'm not even sure if those YOLO posts are real. Maybe some are. But it seems a lot of people are there just to have fun. I want to think that someone who posts about YOLOing on GME is really someone just invested in ETFs. Every now and then, there's actually really good advice on /r/wallstreetbets. It's one of the rare subreddits where you can just let loose joining in on the fun and memes, but then if you ask a serious question, you usually get a serious and useful answer. I agree, this is just insane and a reminder that we’re just banging with sticks. I’ve seen more believable stuff in sci-fi movies. What I don’t understand is: what features of Python encourage its use in embedded systems in the first place? Why not F# or Elixir? I have found that a little wood glue on the joints goes a long way in the IKEA furniture I have. I only started doing it because I have a bunch of the Regissor line. It actually has a screwless assembly process, only being held by friction joints. Over time and after being moved a lot, the coffee table started to loosen. So I took it apart and reassembled it with wood glue in the joints, and now it’s as solid as a rock. I mainly buy the “higher-end” IKEA stuff with real wood or at least stronger particle or plywood or whatever it is except for the Kallax line, so that helps as well. I just like IKEA so much because they have well designed stuff for good prices, even their more expensive things relative to their cheaper stuff. And with mild care and tweaks during assembly, it can be quite solid. I wish I had thought of the wood glue sooner as well because I’m too lazy to redo my bookshelves. I think using the word regress seems to imply that it was improving. Wealth inequality in the U.S. has been getting worse at faster rates, even before 2020. That is hardly the case. Expressing concern for income inequality means expressing concern for people to have autonomy, proper food and shelter, proper healthcare, savings, and retirement capability. It is not virtue signaling, as you put it. Thanks for the links and references! I am very interested in these things. One of the things I hate most about being a software developer is the tool infrastructure. I want documentation that’s accurate (actually, that would save probably at least 50% of my time), interactive documentation and debugging, little GUIs that help with various tasks, etc. I am actually working on my own vision of this, but it is slow going. Do you have a reference for where Sussman said or wrote that? I just want to know where it is so I can refer to it. Here's an intereating tweet and the associated Reddit thread. https://twitter.com/justinkan/status/1354853920762253315?s=2... https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/l747eg/cita... This seems, at first glance, to be clear and blatant market manipulation by Citadel and Robinhood. Thanks for the link! I signed up for the Slack and will follow up on the other links. Your analogy does not work. The growth of a forest is different from the growth of a company, which seeks to maximize revenue and profit, often via more customers or exploring existing customers. A forest on the other hand maintains a steady state. Okay, trees continue to grow, but forests have natural ways of ensuring that trees and the other flora do not over occupy. A forest maintains balance, whereas many companies want to eat the world. That’s not what people mean by growth of a company. That’s maintaining a balanced, viable system. At the cost of the destabilization of many other species and ecosystems. I think of this every time I’m in an airplane looking down. I can’t see the effects of all the other animals, but the effects upon Earth by humans is drastic and very infectious looking. I really enjoy Adam Curtis’ documentaries. He hits the nail on the head and is great viewing for anyone that likes systems level thinking. I’m looking forward to his new film and have seen most of his prior films. One curious thing is that after watching his documentaries, I do find myself a bit confused about what it all means. His theories weave sometimes complex narratives, and it’s a lot to take in. I think the hardest thing to reconcile is the intent of the people behind or at least catalyze the phenomena that arise. Is the world essentially driven by emergent incompetence and narcissism or is there something more sinister and intentional about it all? Amazon is extremely archaic when it comes to design, in my opinion, and it’s like if Exxon-Mobil suddenly made consumer products. Amazon also has a dark pattern of seemingly withholding or slowly leaking new features. For example, the Kindle sees very little updates, and for new versions they just add one or two things that should have been in the previous versions but still leave off obvious things. This makes it so they get repeat buys from people. Take the Kindle Oasis for example. I suspect that they’ve had the warm screen ready for a while, but they didn’t release it on the prior version. They also have not updated it to use USB-C, and I would guess we will finally see that tweak in the next version. But there is the possibility that Robinhood was also cutting trading to appease Citadel, who to my understanding, just happened to re-engage their short positions right before Robinhood cut buying to Gamestop stock. If the story about Robinhood running out of money is true, why wouldn't they just ban buying on margin and not all buying? I don't understand that. Right. I get that. But if buying on margin is the problem, block buying on margin. Why block buying when people have the cash already settled in their account as well? Edit: Answered in another chain. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=25971718 Thanks for that information. I didn’t know that or about DTCC. Is raising the collateral on transactions like that typical? I keep that in mind, as already alluded to, but I disagree because sometimes there is an actual narrative. That’s the difficulty I was mentioning. I get it to a degree, but it's a very dangerous line of thinking to write off systems level thinking as conspiracies. Stafford Beer points out, as an analogy in Designing Freedom , that the idea of an all encompassing force that affects everyone on Earth is hard to fathom, and yet gravity is an accepted idea today, where it wasn't at the start. Making connections between wide ranging events, people, and ideas doesn't make a conspiracy. Adam Curtis' documentaries warn us against systemic effects, and they are warnings that what we're presented with isn't always the truth. It's basically what Chomsky has warned about for most of his career. Others that cover these sort of system connections that I can think of are David Graeber and Noam Chomsky. It’s not a trick. It’s that we don’t know how to study these things yet, but that shouldn’t be an excuse for throwing our hands up in the air and not trying to investigate them. Gravity wasn’t always well crystallized. It took us time to develop and understand it. I highly recommend Stafford Beer’s writings and the Designing Freedom book and/or lectures. https://www.cbc.ca/radio/ideas/the-1973-cbc-massey-lectures-... > And yet it turns out that gravity is not a force at all. Gravity is just the shape of space. This is really a distraction from the discussion. Why is this semantical argument important to discuss? Although, if I were to answer it, "is" is not well-defined in physics. But "is" typically is understood to be "is modeled by". Yes, in general relativity, gravity is modeled by something different than what it is modeled by in Newtonian gravity, which is a force. General relativity didn't exist 300 years ago when gravity was difficult to accept. Newtonian gravity did. Models evolve but sometimes old models remain useful. My entire point in this discussion was that we need new models to understand the complexity of modern society and human behavior. The old models aren't good enough. That's why I react somewhat negatively to complaining of conspiracy theories at an attempt to understand the complexity of the systems we've created and participate in. This stuff is tough to understand and wrap one's head around. Even something as deductive, in a way, as Newtonian gravity and general relativity was met with great resistance, if not outright rejection. We shouldn't follow these patterns. Yes, thank you. This was nicely written. Another place that takes a similar but more applicative view, but is less well known, is College of the Atlantic. https://www.coa.edu/ No problem! I had the same reaction when I found out about College of the Atlantic. I was like, I should quit my job and go study there. Haha. I actually found out about them via Complexity Explorer, the Santa Fe Institute's online MOOC platform, by looking up David Feldman, who teaches a course on Complexity Explorer and is a professor at College of the Atlantic. http://hornacek.coa.edu/dave/ https://www.amazon.com/Chaos-Dynamical-Systems-Primers-Compl... College of the Atlantic actually has a lot of neat videos on YouTube, and below is a tour of the campus by the college president. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRgGpHu67rw You may like the books Conceptual Mathematics: A First Introduction to Categories , Creative Mathematics , Advanced Calculus: A Differential Forms Approach , and Geomtrical Vectors . https://www.amazon.com/dp/052171916X/ https://www.amazon.com/dp/0883857502/ https://www.amazon.com/dp/0817637079/ https://www.amazon.com/dp/0226890481/ I really wish the Racket team would write a book on Racket’s language making capabilities, or create a MOOC. I attended Racket School 2019, and it was awesome. The material was well put together and walked us through macros to #langs. But the only published material to walk a person through macros and building languages are Fear of Macros and Beautiful Racket . I have many ideas for little DSLs in Racket, but I am too slow and am slogging my way through learning how to create them. I have thought about making a course on Udemy or Pluralsight. Did you consider those options before building your own? I am curious because I don’t think I have the skills to create something as nice as you did and also would like to know the pros and cons you discovered. That’s a good resource for sure, so thanks for pointing people there. Basically, it would be great to take that year’s Racket School and turn it into an expanded and more streamlined work. I love this book (the first edition), project, and course. It is incomplete, but I thought I would share my implementation of the software stack in F#. Currently, only the assembler is implemented, but in my personal opinion, I think it showcases the beauty of F# for domain modeling. When I return to the project, I hope to restart the VM implementation and continue adding to the FPGA implementation as well. My eventual goal is to have the entire software stack built using F# that can than be run on an FPGA implementation of the CPU. https://github.com/bmitc/nand2tetris Types to model the instructions and source file expressions: https://github.com/bmitc/nand2tetris/blob/main/dotnet/Nand2T... The full assembler, mainly consisting of the parser and translator: https://github.com/bmitc/nand2tetris/blob/main/dotnet/Nand2T... I emailed the authors a while back when I found out about the second edition, asking about the differences. They stated that the hardware platform and software stack specifications are unchanged. The downside is that part two is the software stack and the software grader only supports Python and Java. There’s not a book on x in this case, which is why I said what I said. A language is more than just a reader and expander for toy languages. It also includes domain specific editor functionality and domain specific errors, among other things (like understanding macros and phases at a deeper level). I didn’t say it wasn’t reasonable, but it is a downside for those wanting to do something different. I’d prefer they tested emitted code, that way you can use anything you want. Oh really? I was going off their own FAQ since the graded items requiring paying, and I didn’t want to do it if I couldn’t use the languages I wanted, namely F# and Racket. From the FAQ: > > Which programming language do I have to use in order to complete the assignments in this course? > We expect learners to submit assignments in any version of Java, or Python. We will assume that you have basic programming ability in these languages, including a basic ability to understand and write simple object-based programs. So is their FAQ out of date I guess? Yea, I have already done the first course part and then the assembler, which is in F# and linked in one of my other comments. Thanks for letting me know about the extended grader support. I believe orcas should be at the top of the list in terms of being granted human level species rights. They should be removed from tanks ASAP and placed in sanctuaries, such as the one being built in Nova Scotia. I also have a suspicion that orca intelligence possibly matches that of humans. Nothing decentralized will ever remain so if humans are involved. Your questions address or imply things I didn’t say, and you’re making a lot of assumptions. I don’t really feel like debating in this manner, so all I will say is that I have a problem with any animal being mentally, physically, or emotionally abused, neglected, etc. by humans, regardless of intelligence. I don’t know because I don’t think they’ve really been tried. The sanctuary in Nova Scotia, to my understanding, is huge and is supposed to help rehabilitate previously captive whales and house them forever. Captive whales are unlikely to survive out in the wild on their own (maybe, I don’t know), and so the project is to give them a natural home instead of being in concrete tanks. https://whalesanctuaryproject.org I would ask that you read the following articles and still see if you feel the same way. The southern resident orcas were decimated by the attack and capture of many orcas in the 70s, and the effects are still present today. Lolita, the last remaining orca from that capture is still alive, trapped in a concrete prison barely the size of a public pool. She’s been alone in that tank for decades. Her last tank partner committed suicide by repeatedly ramming his head into the side of the tank, causing a brain hemorrhage. You seem to be advocating that torture of the few could help the many, but that has not been the case. The southern resident orcas, those that primarily seeded entertainment orcas in the U.S., are potentially nearing extinction. https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/environment/the-or... http://www.orcanetwork.org/Main/index.php?categories_file=Lo... https://www.king5.com/mobile/article/news/local/orca-capture... Orcas are matriarchal, have extremely close family units, and rely on the leadership of older orcas. Killing or capturing orcas that would now be older orcas, particularly females, has had huge effects on the southern resident population. There is an edX course that covers state charts. It’s excellent, and Davis Harel is one of the co-instructors. https://www.edx.org/course/programming-for-everyone-an-intro... No problem! And as just a note, it starts everyday since it is a reoccurring self-paced course. But if I remember correctly, the instructors still answer questions. I really enjoyed learning about the hierarchical state machines using statecharts. > Also, no version control. Or, in our case since we used XML for output: poor version control. Reading horror stories about Excel also confirm this, it is hard to do correct complex programs in visual environments. Just because some visual systems don’t have version control doesn’t mean they can’t exist. It isn’t like text-based diffing just poofed into existence. Someone had to build them, and even then they aren’t all created equal. For example, I use P4Merge to diff and merge from Git instead of using the poor UX of the built-in terminal tools. I would argue that visual programming languages are much more ready to be diffed and merged than text since they usually already represent a graph. And yet, semantic diff and merge is a thing exactly because text is not universal when it comes to programming. Text is universal when you want to diff text but not when you want to diff programs. Don’t use Mono. Install the .NET 5 SDK and you get F#. .NET 5 is .NET core renamed. I highly recommend the two books: Ray Tracing in One Weekend: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01B5AODD8/ The Ray Tracer Challenge: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1680502719/ For the latter, I have made it a pretty good way through the book, implementing a functional (in the programming paradigm sense) version of the ray tracer in F#. It’s actually rather mind boggling how close the F# code and tests are to the psuedocode found in the book. https://github.com/bmitc/the-ray-tracer-challenge-fsharp I can never wrap my head around Python being beginner friendly because as a software engineer who knows languages like Racket, F#, and Elixir, I find Python extremely confusing beyond anything basic. It’s async model (or models), where the GIL applies and doesn’t, scoping rules, class model (or again, models), decorators, etc. are all confusing and extremely complex. Given these and other quirks, it makes its dynamically typed nature a walking time bomb. I would argue that those things don't even need to be there or so complex, which is why it's weird Python is considered a good beginner's language. It is Python that makes these things complex, not the things themselves. The GIL shouldn't be there in the sense of async and concurrency code being understandable and actually concurrent. The scoping rules should absolutely be explainable to beginners. Decorators are just weird tacked on things. Maybe async is a non-beginners topic, but one can introduce it pretty easily in languages like F# or Elixir or even LabVIEW, so I'm not sure. Plenty of languages make it very easy to read data from a file, process it, and then write it back out. F#, Elixir, Racket, LabVIEW, etc. all come to mind. Why are people so afraid of moving forward? Imagine saying “always bet on punch cards”. Look at any whiteboard in any company or school. It’s filled with text and diagrams. Then watch how someone interacts with a PowerPoint or whiteboard. There is animation and dimensional extension. The way people think and organize and communicate thoughts is multifaceted and multidimensional. It only makes sense that we should be able to work and program in the same way. That’s part of the fun of emojis. It’s also a counterpoint to the original post. There is a lot of information in a pictorial emoji, so much so that it can be bent and reimagined to many contexts. Forth is just fun. I don’t think hybrid or non-textual methods have really been given their due or worked on so much, simply because the only-text sentiment is so pervasive. I’m not proposing punch cards as effective. It was just a simple comparative example, which I thought was clear and that the rest of my post clarified what I actually meant. > Are we communicating, right now, via animation or fancy PowerPoint slides? It’s ironic you bring this up, because I don’t find this method particularly effective. I find it pretty easy to be romantic about nearly anything. There’s very little romance in the day to day of programming in industry though. I am reminded of the following exchange from The Big Lebowski: > Walter: “Am I wrong?” > The Dude: “... You’re not wrong, Walter. You’re just an asshole.” > Walter: “Okay then.” In the dark, it looks so alien and surreal. There is The Reasoned Schemer . https://www.amazon.com/Reasoned-Schemer-MIT-Press/dp/0262535... I fully agree with you and have expressed this sentiment many times. I use Racket and F# in my spare time, basically sister languages to what you use (!), and I have the same opinions. Knowing these other more structured, consistent, and principled languages makes Python a frustrating and difficult experience. Whenever I program in Python, never by choice, it's an exercise in unlearning sanity. Knowing these other languages and with others like them out there (F#, Racket, Clojure, OCaml, Elixir), I have no practical or intellectual need for Python. Windows is not even supported by MIT Scheme anymore. There is also the #lang sicp for Racket that needs no modification from the code in the book, to my knowledge. How about Racket? I generally feel that the Alamo Drafthouse experience is actually pretty terrible for movies other than big action or comedy blockbusters. I don't see how a place that serves popcorn in a giant metal bowl takes quietness seriously. And although they advertise it, they really don't police talking or distractions anymore or even equivalently as other theaters. > SpaceX's rapid iterations and fail fast methodology might save the human species Would you mind elaborating here? How will reaching a dead planet while we actively kill the literally perfect place for us to survive and foster save the human species, exactly? And how does a fail fast methodology fit in there? > 1. One day we will need to leave Earth. Maybe sooner than later. Would you rather have a spacecraft or not when that becomes a need? I don’t equate visiting another planet or planets with saving the human species. We have vast existential problems, mostly imposed by ourselves, right now on Earth. Let’s say we had a copy of Earth that we could travel to right now in a safe solar system with a healthy star. Is the human species saved? Are our problems solved? If we simply spread our cancerous way of life throughout the cosmos, I’m not sure I find that exciting. It would be much more exciting if we learn to be a sustainable acting and net positive species (in all the ways) while spreading in the cosmos. Getting to another planet is a very small part of all that. It’s exciting of course, but not the solve everything solution the parent and downvoters apparently think it is. > 3. What if we discover life through exploring the cosmos? That isn’t under discussion. How does that solve humanity’s problems? I am sure we will find life or evidence of it elsewhere. > 5. Do you really not want to explore the universe? In the literal sense of the word? That wasn’t a question I responded to or has anything to do with what I said. Indeed I did. Thanks for catching that. That is a threat, but the time when humans can survive away from a destroyed Earth is so long away that I don’t understand how a fail fast attitude helps. But those same humans will be supposedly colonizing Mars and elsewhere, bringing the same or even worse politics, which makes me say: if we can't solve our problems here, the perfect place to do so, then what's the point? It's a harsh question but a real one meant to highlight the imbalance of what people get hyped about versus what's really important. That's too bad. I really like Alaska Air, although they don't have a lot of available flights. They configure their planes with a good amount of leg room. I believe you can, but I have read online in comments people saying that the plane can still change before the flight. You might also be interested in Gleam. https://gleam.run/ Is it possible to share any details about your project? I'm just curious since I also use F# and am learning Elixir. I agree with this. I've recently went through the book providing Racket annotations, in the form of implementations and tests, and have the code up in the following repository. Maybe people are interested. https://github.com/bmitc/the-little-schemer I'm about to finish chapter 10, the last chapter and the interpreter section, probably tonight. Another suggestion for getting comfortable with recursion is the Coursera course by Dan Grossman, Programming Languages . https://www.coursera.org/learn/programming-languages Absolutely. I've had it happen. I have even undergone tests that shows I experience performance anxiety, and that it actually goes up the easier a question is. I've had interview instances where my face felt flushed and my mind completely blank on a question I knew how to do but struggled on. And then 30 minutes after the interview finished, the answer is clear as day in my head because it was indeed something I knew and the anxiety was gone. I feel there is a fair amount of discrimination against those of us who experience anxiety like this, but in a way, I don't care all that much because places that interview certain ways aren't places I want to work anyway. Even worse is when you solve the problem in a way they didn't expect or plan on, and they spend the time derailing you off your solution and back to the one they understand. I had a miserable interview experience once were I gave a tree processing solution in a functional, tail recursive way. They spent the interview sliding me back into a mutable, iterative approach, and it really through me off. Additionally, I don't think they even understood the functional solution. Half the time, it felt like I was needing to guess where they'd like me to go. And we all know working and software development is nothing like that. At no point in that particular interview was I asked to describe projects I had worked on. When I left, they had no idea what I had even worked on previously because they didn't ask. They just asked a tree question, which someone could look up over an evening or weekend. So pointless. I think the better format is to have the interviewee talk through a complex problem that they have already solved, whether it's a side project, a work project they can talk about, or whatever. It balances out the power imbalance, and it showcases how well the interviewee can explain and talk through problems, design decisions, what they learned, what worked, what didn't, etc. through a problem they are already familiar with. These whiteboarding interviews where the interviewers pose some random question does nothing for either party. Not gonna happen. Social networks just tap into and amplify what’s already going on: humanity. The designer on Twitter seems to be a bit whiny about having utilitarian constraints. I actually think the truck looks like a truck made to do a job and do it well, thus it looks great to me. Would have is different than could have. There’s lots of things in life I don’t care to learn, but it doesn’t mean I couldn’t. To be perfectly frank, programming is one of the easier things in life I’ve learned, and it’s usually only difficult for the wrong reasons like poor documentation, bugs in other people’s code, people, etc. A quote from that link: > Life's too short to remember how to write Bash code. Hard agree. It was also a fair amount of HNers pushing the herd immunity thing as well. And yet, the set of natural numbers in mathematics is most often taken to start at 1. Mathematicians don’t have a problem with indexing. Seems predictably terrible. That’s an excellent point. Our government has failed to handle this situation, and these systems should not be allowed on the road. I also avoid Tesla cars like the plague and do not trust what’s going on inside. I think it goes more like: Don’t solve problems, just make new ones. > The big problem nobody talks about with actors and message passing is non-determinism and state. I have written a lot of actor-based systems, and I’m pretty sure this is heavily talked and thought about. The race condition situation you described is only a problem for people not used to concurrency and actors. It is bad form to have your actor depend on the order of messages it receives if it is intended to receive messages from multiple actors. So the situation you’ve described is simply bad actor programming. Often, a good way to program actors is to have them be finite state machines. Also, your shared mutable state reference does not meet any definition I have ever seen of “mutable”. In actor systems, yes, actors can receive the state of other actors, but that state is a copy. The internal state of an actor is not allowed to be mutated by an external process, typically. I’ve never seen anyone use Mypy. It drives me crazy how Google never fails to remove the most unique and yet most important words of my search term. It basically does this 99% of the time now. I like Elixir and Erlang so agree with the the typical arguments against OOP, but I actually think value-based (as opposed to reference based) OOP works quite well and jives with functional programming. The best examples of this, that I know of, are LabVIEW, with its dataflow and value-based OOP that includes interfaces, and F#’s object programming, where immutable types such as records and discriminated unions can implement interfaces. I think languages like F# and Racket get it right, because multiple paradigms are available to you. I like F#’s stance on functional-first programming. There are times in which you want to expose the underlying types and there are times you do not. When I recently started a ray tracer implementation, it was a good example of this. The vector, color, point, transform, world, camera, etc. types where all readily implemented by records and discriminated unions which properly isolated but exposed the types. However, for the matrix library, I chose to use F#’s Array.Parallel library and thus a 1D array as the underlying implementation, and this was a perfect use case for using a class. I wanted to hide the implementation of the matrices from the user of the type and encapsulate the internal behavior, only exposing a clean API. Even in that case, the matrix type was immutable because the operations on matrices would simply return new matrices. I think F#’s acceptance of multiple paradigms is really the way to go. No, the things causing outrage are ruining our lives. There are multiple systems of society, at least in the U.S. that are flat out failing. I’m seeing my fiancée for the first time in well over a year today, the separation caused by systems failures, so yes, I do seriously believe this. Accurately calculating the risk of a lifeguard job seems tough to me. It seems to me it’s a rather binary risk. You either don’t drown or you drown, but obviously the less probable of those outcomes is very serious. In other dangerous jobs, there is more of a gradient of danger. Do you have a source for this? I have been reading a fair amount on information theory, cybernetics, and Wiener lately, and I haven’t seen this mentioned, at least not yet. In fact, the sources I’ve read said he was quite enthusiastic about helping out for both WWI and WWII. For example: https://www.cantorsparadise.com/the-absent-minded-father-of-... Gotcha. Thanks for the time period reference, as I haven't gotten to sources that cover that yet. Making excellent phones that are ignored, like LG was doing. > instead of making it entirely visual and almost completely dis-empowering the user Why do you think that making something visual completely disempowers the user? > I think it's also safe to assume that many people, especially those with anxiety would have faced less social stress because they were confined to their homes. That’s a huge assumption. Social anxiety is only a small part of anxiety disorders. A lot of anxiety disorders are strongly negatively affected by being cooped up. As an honest question, why do you want to work for places who interview and hire so pedantically? As a person with a diverse background and even more diverse interests, who likes to use jobs to learn things I don't know rather than simply apply things I do know, I use interviews as a natural filter. It can be rather unpleasant and frustrating at times, but in the end, it's better I don't work for some place that interviews like they got their process out of some Silicon Valley playbook. There should be a reason for it. I learn things because I need them for my job or I find them interesting, hopefully with some overlap. There's a lot of things to learn in life, and it's rather pointless to learn things for an interview process if it doesn't reflect upon the actual job requirements. Also, it's not like people know nothing. A good interview process learns both what the candidate does and does not know, how what they know could be useful, and how capable the candidate is in filling a knowledge gap if there actually is one between what they know and what is actually needed for the job. That is of course in addition to learning whether they're nice to be around or not. I inferred it but you said: > but I know I can get a bit of normie cred by brushing up my algorithms at least... So I guess the question would be “why do you want normie cred?”, and then the rest of my comment remains the same. No worries. I was basically just using your comment as a jumping point to say what I wanted to say anyway, as one does. Haha. My experience has been rough and painful at times, because I tend to be very pragmatically and interest driven in terms of what I learn, outside of being pragmatic about what might be asked in interviews. I also do not have a computer science degree, as I studied mathematics, but I self-study on interests of mine and take interviews as they come. This has made interviews rough at moments, but it's worked out so far, because I would likely be very unhappy at a place that quizzes me on something I could learn over a weekend or two if needed and grades me solely on that. I had one particular interview that wasted an hour and a half on tree questions, then a few more hours on random discussion topics and behavioral questions, and they never once asked me about prior work or side projects. It was a complete waste of time and energy, for both of us, and I have held that interview experience as a prime example of what I have read about Silicon Valley and FAANG-style interviews. It’s not just robocalls, as it’s also spoofing numbers. I have received many phone calls from average joes who said they were returning a call from my number, but I had never called them. I’d say 95% of the calls I receive are spam. It’s so bad that I rarely even answer my phone anymore, instead letting it go to voicemail if the number is not in my contacts. Everything in life has turned to spam. My physical mailbox, my email, and my phone is bombarded by spam and there’s practically nothing I can do about it. The OP-1 was very popular and well known well before the shortage and subsequent price hike. The base casing is milled out of an aluminum block. It's quite robust. Alessandro Cortini toured with one with NIN on the Tension tour. I never tire of hearing these apocryphal turtle stories. They’re just hilarious to me. > ... the conclusion is that elixir is the real deal This makes me even more excited to start an upcoming new position writing Elixir full-time! I think there’s some possibility of slight confusion by mixing Xamarin and UWP together. Xamarin (and thus .NET MAUI, which is cross platform) does not use the same flavor of XAMl as UWP (and thus WinUI, which is Windows only but shares the same XAML as Uno). I think the ELI5 is being used rather loosely and figuratively and in spirit here, which should be clear. > When I see ‘VM’ I think first of a hypervisor virtual machine. That’s kind of a strange interpretation to me. In the context of programming languages VM is quite clear ala BEAM VM, CLR, JVM, LLVM, etc. Salary information comes out sooner or later, so I don’t see how simply posting the information up front hurts anyone. I expect the same thing or worse with “self-driving” cars. When have environmentalists ever been listened to? > It seems to me more and more like the biggest, only real difference between most animals and humans is their lack of sophisticated communication. Certainly they communicate; but they do not have access to our rich verbal symbols with which we can convey anything imaginable. How do you know all that? There is ample evidence that whales, and in particular orcas, have complex intelligence and communication. If you can't understand what a whale is talking about, I'm not sure how you can make these claims. I wouldn't paint Trump's so-called presidency with the brush that makes it looked like he was a victim of lenses and biases. It's not our inherent problem he is objectively uneducated, unpresidential, racist, sexist, and just downright lazy. It shouldn't be surprising that his lack of leadership tainted nearly everything in the government, and that his few attempts at leadership actively hurt governmental policies and initiatives. According to this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graydon_Hoare Rust was started in 2006. I do think it's a bit ironic to have a title "How to Think Like a Computer Scientist" when using a language that explicitly and intentionally ignored some of the best ideas in computer science: lambdas, concurrency, pattern matching, functional programming, etc. There is a pretty big theme throughout the movie of not knowing what's going on though. Although not really being about physics directly, there is also another theme of anecdotes and stories being (often comically) useless as ways of explanation. I'm surprised Arrival didn't make the list. Do people really like modern Zimmer scores? They are typically over the top loud, obnoxious, and just very gaudy, in my opinion. Thanks for the correction. It felt like a Zimmer score, so maybe that’s a bit of Nolan’s direction. I didn't mean the theme. I just meant a theme. Also, if I recall correctly, the phrase "what's going on?" is muttered throughout the film as well. So I think it's a little of both (and more), where the more global theme is one of trying to understand understanding. This is a pretty good video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vDmWFTvzto Although, I think a lot of the analysis of Coen brothers can sometimes fall flat. Coen brothers films are hilarious, often in extremely dark and non-obvious ways, so oftentimes their films are overanalyzed. I often think answers to "why did the Coen brothers put this in the film?" are simply "because they thought it was funny". Just because most programming languages are terrible at concurrency doesn’t mean it’s a hard concept. Surprisingly, most people have little trouble with email or snail mail processes. It’s just that a lot of programming languages, like Python, never respected concurrency in the first place. Yea, I’m not sure what the commenter means by implying not formidable and being the size of dogs. Modern hyenas are not small by any means and are the size of the largest dog breeds and are much stronger. https://alumni.duke.edu/sites/default/files/dm-main-images/p... https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ETcFOq3UcAEjG8Y?format=png&name=... A modern hyena could trivially kill a human all by itself (hyenas have literally bone crushing jaws), which doesn’t even consider a pack of them. I actually found this video where a hyena basically took what it wanted from a leopard before the leopard took its prey up a tree. (Warning: predators with dead prey.) https://youtu.be/cYzogF9IVLI The U.S. is lucky to have a billionaire made so through public funds? I've been having decision paralysis about setting up my own personal website. I would personally like to avoid some bloated frameworks or tools like Wordpress, Squarespace, Wix, etc. I'm also not really sure I even want a blog. I'd like to have a collection of articles that aren't just written once and then moved on from but rather are updated and refined over time. I've looked at static website generators, but don't really feel they're that simple. So I've been looking to just do things from scratch. Maybe it would be nice to write articles in markdown and have a custom static website generator that takes these and publishes them. It could be a fun F# or Racket project. The idea of simple HTML and CSS being loaded for maximum speed and old school web with a little something for interactive graphs and other things is something that sits well for me. Although, I just took on a new Elixir job, and something with Liveview and Livebook for interactivity could be really cool. Anyone else struggle with this and end up coming up with a solution or finding one? Gödel Without (Too Many) Tears by Peter Smith https://www.amazon.com/G%C3%B6del-Without-Too-Many-Tears/dp/... Have you ever used Beyerdynamic headphones? A film by Adam Curtis about how all of us have become Richard Nixon. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxV3_bG1EHA Other companies, especially one like Yamaha, actually care about quality, and they can't rely on meme levels of overhype and government subsidies in their production. If Tesla's quality reputation says anything, then indeed they do sell their concept cars. Yamaha makes excellent motorcycles and puts out some rather wild ones, for example the H2 models. And calculus has nothing to do with pebbles or counting. So what? Also, isn’t it easiest to think of a computer as an abstract concept that could both represent a physical device and the abstract computer? Computation needs a computer, whether real or abstract. Lastly, I think science is the more “wrong” word in the name. The sun has a lot of material and thus a lot of gravity and pressure. Even if such a thing existed, absolutely not. How do one even know if one is a targeted user of this? All of that should be qualified with “nominally”. In all honesty, why would they be? Without them addressing anything, the west, particularly the U.S., has had their pitchforks out and ready since day one. With our idiotic president calling it the Chinese virus from the start, why in the hell would China want to be upfront about what they knew about the origin if it indeed was a lab leak? I wouldn’t. That’s all on the assumption that they themselves even knew or know. If our president had been less like a child, it would have been a better environment to get to the truth. You and others act like this is some elementary school incident where honesty is the best policy. But with politics involved and the already prevalent mass hysteria and propaganda going on everywhere, it makes sense, on a realist and not idealist level, why one would not be forthright. There’s also the idea that the U.S. was terribly ill-prepared and ill-equipped to handle the virus. The U.S. needs to be prepared for such viruses, no matter their origin, because zoonotic crossover events will remain a possibility with even higher likelihood going forward. My worry is if the virus origin is or is even believed to be of lab-based origin, that will weaken the prerogative and narrative to be prepared for zoonotic diseases. Because then, it was something “done to us” rather than a natural event we should be prepared for, an event which remains a big possibility even if this particular virus was of lab origin. To be frank, your responses show a naive understanding of how the world works and human behavior. Also, your responses imply I said things I didn't. My comment is simply an observation of the way things are, not the way I would want them to be. > Fault the west for many things, but these kinds of things tend to have full transparency around them. If you believe that, then I don't know what to say. Based on a recent thread on Logo, I went on a Logo book searching binge. I found this book series by Brian Harvey, and they indeed look interesting. Right now, I am awaiting delivery of Exploring Language with Logo , which I am really excited about. I admittedly don’t plan on using Logo but instead will use either F# or Racket to go through the book. It seems there were a lot of neat exploration books published with Logo. I wish this style of book was more en vogue today. Probably the same thread or threads. There was a couple posts that all hit the front page in the past week or two on the same day. I actually still have Brian Harvey’s full book series you posted in my Amazon cart. Here’s an interesting article that discusses the language book. https://citejournal.org/volume-20/issue-3-20/seminal-article... “I wouldn’t” is taken within the context as if I was a nation governing people in the current global environment. It’s a hypothetical because I’m not a nation state. Would I actually if I was? Who knows? I put it there to basically say I can see why all this has happened the way it has. I thought all of this context was obvious. And what you say I said about Trump is not at all what I said. You say I literally said something that I literally did not. My point is that he created a certain environment, a highly politicized and biased environment, not conducive in any way to discovering truths about the virus and damn near everything else. He was a catalyst for non-truths and has been his entire life. It has nothing to do with honor or insults. Maybe I should give Logo a try then when the book arrives. This is probably related to Bing not showing results because, as far as I know, DuckDuckGo uses Bing as its underlying search engine. I’ve always chuckled at this from the Apple and Linux users railing against Microsoft but then they use DuckDuckGo. Interestingly, Bing shows plenty of relevant search results for their web results, including images, but doesn’t show results for an image search. Who knows. There’s another post/thread on that I believe. My assumption or guess is that Bing operates in China and whatever filter they use there made it to the outside system by accident. But then again, it's still like that now, which is surprising. No problem! And thank you for this post! Maybe I should go ahead and hit purchase on Harvey's Logo book series now. There's also another book called Visual Modeling with Logo: A Structured Approach to Seeing that I've ordered that looks very interesting as well. I was drawn in by the description: ***** > Filled with striking illustrations, this book offers an exciting exploration of Logo graphics for designers, architects, liberal arts students, and other individuals who are interested in creative applications of computers. > Visual Modeling with Logo introduces the programming concepts necessary for describing and manipulating some of the basic visual structures in the world around us. Logo is a language that encourages visual problem-solving and helps us expand our understanding of how we see. > The book provides a wide range of exercises for investigating the many dimensions and component parts of seeing; it proceeds from the simple to the complex, using representative models based on circular grids, rectangular grids, Islamic designs, organic forms, and different spatial systems. ***** There's a few others books in a similar vain that I've found too: Learning Mathematics and Logo , Investigations in Algebra: An Approach to Using Logo , and Exploring Logo without a Computer . Then of course there's Turtle Geometry: The Computer as a Medium for Exploring Mathematics . I'm a big fan of books that use programming to explore other topics, and it seems Logo generated a lot of books like this. It's my own lofty dream to write my own series like these. Seems ignorant to me, but what do I know? I've never studied or used amortized analysis either.