I think the hacker expectation is that a free open mobile OS would not be tied to a single programming environment and making it easy to port the mass of existing qt code would be useful. Outside the US coupons are not a big business, at least in the countries I know. So I wonder if it will translate as profitably in the rest of the world. I cant imagine anyone switching to Silverlight now, its already dying, as MS have admitted, they only cant kill it before they release HTML5 for WP7 later this year. Regarding this as pruning knowledge is rather exaggerated. First wikipedia deletions are not deletions, they are just hidden from most users but can be viewed or restored. Second this is not primary knowledge it is a very short and incomplete summary of the primary sources. This recipe was published years ago in the book For God, Country and Coca-Cola by Mark Prendergast. He found it in the archives while researching the book. It is not the current recipe, as some changes have been made. Its an excellent book too, with the history of the new coke fiasco and the early years. PhoneGap sees itself as a temporary measure and everything should be a browser capability. They bridge the OS capabilities that are not available now in the browser. Same issues with s3 with sync updates. Might be easier to work around as you have etags but wont work out of the box. I have indirectly heard of someone writing a Javascript client for git using the http transport. It should be doable though a fair amount of work. I don't think discovery and recommendation are worth much. I pay for Spotify for the access, I would not pay for recommendations, which can be built on any addressable technology via social networks anyway. Spotify already have negative margins though so 30% wont work. To stop subscribers copying all the content and then unsubscribing. For services where most of the value is in the back catalogue this is a risk. There have been some attempts to make a line oriented XML format so that shell tools work; doing the same thing with JSON is possible too; there are a few ways to do it. Have been meaning to give it a go at some point. In my view it makes more sense than building a new set of tools, especially as the Jshon ones do not really seem to compose properly. References for XML: http://www.lbreyer.com/unix_xml-1.html http://www.ofb.net/~egnor/xml2/ http://gnosis.cx/publish/programming/xml_matters_17.html Most of the operations do not map any json to json, so you cant pipe them. The whole design principle of the unix command line tools is that they all map lines to lines so anything is composable. So for json I would want a structure match corresponding to grep, filter and map operations, merges etc each of which maps valid json to valid json. LuaTeX looks promising, embedding Lua as a scripting language over the underlying algorithms. The LuaJit FFI includes a C parser so you can pretty much just paste in the header file. http://luajit.org/ext_ffi_tutorial.html - its not complete yet but seems pretty nice. You could do something like that for Ruby. For Lua it is also much faster than using the standard C bindings as the optimizer can see what is going on. Having an FFI like this in a language is a really nice feature. If you are obsessed by creole cooking and have some old books as part of your web content, sure. I cant see them making up more than a small proportion of a great creole cooking site though, you need new content, commentary and so on too. Cook all the recipes in the old books and add pictures and descriptions... If you seriously believe that show the evidence. You have the geocities archive and the wikipedia dumps. I think you will not find thats where wikipedia was sourced from. For a start most of it was written much more recently than that. Yes, as the article points out, if you don't go mad and apply far too much compression like so much recorded music does. Over compression is hideous... I stopped using my G5 because there is no ppc support in v8 and hence node.js. Most of the new JITs dont support ppc. I havent got rid of it yet though and I dont see the point in installing Linux until Apple stop security updates for 10.5 which is some way off... Useful for testing code where endianness matters. Yeah especially as the Atom N550 which has been out for a while has 64 bit support. Any article that calls a cpu a brain has no place on hacker news. Only seems to be 2Gb RAM support too, single channel, non ECC. And Atom is very slow... I dont think its worth using the Ubuntu install its just too old. At the moment easiest to install by hand, and script something for production. Use Linux containers (lxc). Exactly what you need... He doesn't seem to have tried Tsung which is a good solution for this scale of testing. 18-5-2 using two windows, one to see what it would do and then choosing what beats that in the other. The moves drop off the bottom so this strategy gradually loses efficiency, but its enough to beat it... My first computer! Although I started programming on the Acorn Atom just before that. The combination of wobbly RAM pack and thump sensitive keyboard was not a good one. But those were exciting times. I am not sure that it has its place in distributed systems. That sort of tight service coupling was the SOAP model. A REST model will tell you the valid actions at runtime ie the valid moves or actions as URLs, a looser coupling and also safe. You have to recompile both sides of the API if you change the types and redeploy together. There is also a coroutine based embedding of Lua/Luajit in nginx if you want to embed into a web server environment (without callbacks). https://github.com/chaoslawful/lua-nginx-module Interesting now lighttpd, nginx and apache are all going to have some degree of integration of Lua in request processing. Its really useful having a real programming language built right in. First you probably want to make authentication stateless rather than having a server side database. Something like a cookie containing encrypt( salt + expiry + username) is normal and can be validated without a database access. Second you take your security advice from a professional not someone who does not seem to know what they are talking about. Another crappy time based events in video demo. What we need is arbitrary events embedded in the video stream which the browser can listen for. One use is subtitles (which are being worked on) but we need to be able to add any other type of metadata event to the transport stream. Probably time for Apple to start using the process sandboxing from Chromium in Safari. If you are running a jit you need to make data executable so it isnt going away. As Apple control the OS they should be able to design a good Javascript sandbox. They do have internet access, not some random radio update protocol. When I wrote the software for the Coke and Samsung screens in Picadilly Circus in London (the times square equivalent) we used wired internet or brought hard drives in. We did actually have wifi access (firewalled though) to ground level. All running Linux then. Alas i didnt get a photo of the one time we got a bootup screen on the sign with penguin after a power cut. No, you can add a field on a server that some clients do not yet use without changing the semantics for the clients that do not know about it, for example. The loosely coupled model is more or less Duck typing for interfaces. Actually URLs are supposd to be opaque in rest so that is correct. Nice urls with http verbs but no hateos is what most "REST" APIs are though. Yes they are a nice bit of hardware. They emulate a usb keyboard so work on pretty much anything except an ipad. The software is open and they have several modes and you can code your own keys into them. Its about low cost. You will be able to buy a router that is either completely dumb, no OS at all, controlled remotely by your cloud control infrastructure, or maybe add into your Linux server as a card. Dont pay for all that cisco os and a cpu to run it that you dont need. The raw networking silicon plus some ports is pretty cheap and will get cheaper. Commoditization... It is easier to use iOS devices untethered once you stop using Apple's rather poor cloud services. I unsubscribed to MobileMe a while back and no longer use iTunes except for software updates. I use Spotify for music now, use Google calendar synced via the exchange integration, Plaintext for dropbox synced notes, etc. A few months after that I didnt buy another Mac and switched to Ubuntu... Apple are so far behind on cloud services and still charge $99 for mobile me. Switched that spend to spotify instead... They need to come up with some very compelling services to compete. It is not about second rank universities. It is about universities in the third world and people who cannot afford to go to universities at all, and it is about the support of universities for open access to learning. Yes Amazon has PCI compliance now, well the parts they need. The physical security is fine too, their datacentres are well secured. So this type of workload is possible. I think it is more of a credit check than a use case you need. I have had security conscious hosting providers who have done a proper fingerprint validation over the phone half each way for ssh fingerprints. Its rare though. Sign of a good provider... Yeah I am not sure I will use it except when an Apache project appears in the search results in which case I will probably just click it automatically... After a bit of testing I am starting some more serious Nginx+Lua development. The big advantage is that it is a pretty mature http stack that is tested in production at scale, unlike some of the newer frameworks (that you probably run behind nginx anyway). It still has some limitations like the proxy module only supports http 1.0 and some of the chunked encoding stuff is partial at this point, but it is generally sufficient. Luajit is really fast and nice to use (the ffi interface can call C directly) and coroutines mean that blocking calls can just drop back to the event loop. You have to write anything blocking as an nginx module though, hence this collection of modules as a bundle. Having a real programming language in the context of a web server is nice, you can either do small things like write complex auth that you might otherwise have a proxy for, or you can write full content handlers. Agentzh is pretty helpful on the nginx list with issues too. Perl is just the the built process of the bundle. Lua is the programming language inside Nginx. Tir looks nice too. It is more targeted at websocket type applications, although it is general purpose too. Nginx supports more traditional HTTP models, I dont know of any native websocket support for it, but you can of course use it to proxy to mongrel/node or whatever. Nginx has the maturity advantage, and you can use it as a proxy, load balancer, and so on. With the Lua support and these additional modules that taobao developed you get a full environment all in one place. Ah BT. Calling them an ISP is not very accurate. The former telecoms arm of the postal service, later a privatised monopoly service. Avoided by anyone who can, but with a head office who believes that if only they could become a tv station all would be well, while we wish that they would be broken up into some competitive organizations that might be relevant. No way they can run a successful music service.... Languages/implementations also vary in how much overhead switching to C costs you, especially in loops say, which eg the pidigits benchmark does sort of measure. Right now it looks like LuaJIT is your best option for this type of performance. PyPy might get there eventually though... I would like to see a security page. It is not clear if your app is isolated in its own microinstance or shared in some way that should be specified. Wordpress. The database backed era this post talks about didnt really use web architecture well, or good software architecture to perform. Aimed at ease of use instead. Mind you I am not convinced that event driven js is going to deliver high performance blogs either. Must move my blog off Wordpress before getting featured here... The article is claiming that we are removing from resources (http, rest) to events, ie apps, for everything. I do think there is still space for the other style done well, with content, but a lot of people seem not to. One of the facets of the web/app war. It is quite funny seeing the term "early adopter" used for something this old. I had IPv6 ADSL about 7 years ago, but it was pretty pointless back then other than being able to ping6 places, and ended up discontinuing it. Doesn't sound like there is much more happening now. We need a killer app for ipv6. Acunu ( http://acunu.com ) are a UK startup and have an implementation of Cassandra, it supports versions presumably based on this. Name the articles. If they are useful I am quite happy to rework them into something salvageable. In most of the cases what is deleted has no real content, but a year or so later someone will recreate the article well, probably not knowing it had been deleyed. There are a few features missing, arguably. There is only HTTP 1.0 not HTTP 1.1 support for the proxy module for example. It really is trivial to set up an fcgi process to run PHP directly from nginx. On the nginx side, something like my config: location ~ \.php { fastcgi_index index.php; include fastcgi_params; fastcgi_pass localhost:55155; fastcgi_param SCRIPT_FILENAME $document_root$fastcgi_script_name; } Then you just need to run php in fcgi daemon mode which is built in, use php-cgi -b localhost:55155 to match that setup... more details on http://wiki.nginx.org/PHPFcgiExample I found this much simpler than running nginx and apache... Not really the bottleneck if you are running PHP. Linux optimises most of tcp out over the loopback device anyway. Websockets uses the http 1.1 upgrade header to transform an http request into a websocket. Nginx proxy module only supports http 1.0 basically. So no proxying to a websocket server yet. Thats not a full config, I did reference the documentation. I have a try_files line, as fcgi runs locally as it happens. according to the register: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2011/04/12/vmware_open_sources_... "Cloud Foundry serves as the basis for the VMforce platform cloud VMware is building in tandem with Salesforce.com. Therefore, Chen tells us, developers will be able to readily move applications between VMforce and other Cloud Foundry services" So they are both apparently releasing differently branded versions of the same stack. There is no history in the git repos, so not clear if any of the code comes from Heroku. As far as I can make out so far it is not designed to be multitenant. Each client gets an instance for their apps which can consist of multiple VMs. Based on interpreting the install guide here https://github.com/cloudfoundry/vcap And that was written before the md5 collisions were discovered. And no collision has yet been discovered for md5 for files of the same length, they are all extension attacks... Interesting thread. Yes nginx already selectively supports 1.1 features but not everything. And yes I think the current security issues are the same ones, so maybe this will never have to be solved by proxies in this form, I havent seen what the current proposals to fix the websocket issues are... Because since then code has got more hostile. Arbitrary code execution attacks and then local root exploits are not uncommon. You have to make some effort to protect against these. Lxc as mentioned at least isolates processes, file system and network access which helps a lot. I see Spotify more like a radio service, albeit one I do pay for. If the radio station shuts down I find another way of listening to music. I still buy some music in addition. I dont feel I own the music in Spotify so if it went away I havent lost it... I could never afford to own that much music. Has anyone tested how much of a performance benefit is this likely to give? It seems that it would benefit you most if you have a slow page composition layer but generate a lot of static includes like js and css. Arguably in that case you should be using ajax to retrieve the slower bits, or server side caching instead. But maybe i am missing a use case or some measurements that show it is more generally applicable. Set up another account. Amazon specifically told us to do this at an AWS meetup, they really dont mind. Thats not good. The whole point of multiple AVs is for them to not fail at the same time. Suggests some dependencies that should not be there perhaps, or at least some correlation of something, like software upgrades. Looking for a good explanation of this; one AV going down is not a problem and should not impact anyone who is load balancing. Funny, just yesterday I was wondering what a shell would look like if it was an interpreter for a modern language. The important thing about the commands is the composition, not the language they are embedded in. I think to make something as instantly usable as the the shell is quite hard, but to make an environment that is suitable for harder tasks that just get messy in the shell in a better language, but which still inherits a shell like way of doing things could be an interesting project. I dont see EBS as a very PaaS type service. It is a virtualised network storage volume with snapshotting, just what you might expect from an IaaS provider. Clearly it is one of the more complex parts of the Amazom infrastructure though (other providers dont provide anything similar). If you dont use EBS many applications would have to implement a lot of its functionality themselves, and I suspect this would lead to some data loss instead, when drives fail or instances fail leaving drives unavailable. You can avoid EBS if you use local drives and s3, it is just difficult to run a database like this if it was not built that way. That would mean a 25% price hike on all services. Rather a lot for a situation when the biggest issues seem to be lack of preparedness and planning for failure by a lot of people. ELB will not balance across regions. SimpleDB and SQS are both one region only, just across AZs. Doing stuff across regions has a whole bunch of latency and bandwidth tradeoffs, and so most of the Amazon services are tied to a region. I suspect Amazon dont use EBS much, avoiding a point of failure, and it is a newer service. What do you mean by this? Chrome doesnt support SRV for http http://code.google.com./p/chromium/issues/detail?id=22423 but all browsers do dns... No mainstream ones support srv for http. It should work though if you use elastic IPs across different AZs in Amazon, or if you use geo ip and always send one IP for a different region that is close. Not clear if it is the best solution for Amazon though. Thats not a service business as this article is talking about. We are talking about services that cost $1000 a day and dont scale without good people. $200x30=$6000 a month is not enough to run a really profitable service business either. Somehow the priorities seem to end up this way. Incentives will out. Problem is the competition dont build that stuff in, so you end up sliding down in comparison, being seen as expensive for bad reasons, not for real reasons that add value, like doing manual upgrades... Then its downhill. Rackspace can offer something pretty close to that as they do cloud and colo. OK we just had a big Amazon outage and someone compares no redundancy costs vs Amazon. You need to double your dedicated hardware costs if you dont want to go down when the data centre goes down. Your Amazon costs include a whole lot more redundancy if you architect well. Very very little is hardcoded, and you can override almost anything. Or even change the source if you are embedding it. Most people seem to manage, but there are a few areas which seem odd like the length one. The benchmark here http://attractivechaos.github.com/plb/ suggests they are doing much better on performance than they were a while back. Its a straight numeric benchmark so not relevant for everything but its better than V8 which is good work. Thats great. Dynamic languages at say Java like speeds is a real game changer over the PHP/Rubylevel speeds. At the moment we only have LuaJIT proving its possible, but PyPy is the next contender. Things you never notice if you read on an ipad... I dont know, I compile from source the issue is that modules have to be compiled at runtime and everyone needs different sets, so there is rarely a PPA with what you want unless you build your own. Its a build model that does not work so well with binary package managers, works better with say the Gentoo use flag model. Oh and if you are not using any nginx modules you are missing out on a lot of its power, you should be able to move big chunks of your app like auth right into nginx, use redis and memcache directly, and so on. Indeed. The LuaJIT interpreter with JIT disabled is a similar speed to V8 in most benchmarks. No its not intended for SSDs. There is not nearly enough IO bandwidth for SSD to make any sense. 2.5 inch hard drives are what you use if you want disks with spindles not just big storage. Eg for virtualised database servers. Yeah I find that too. Problem is I cant identify the Chrome windows very accurately, and they keep reordering themselves by last used. I remembered the tabs by position, and reordered them, but the screen views are less useful, especially if lots of them have say wikipedia as the top site. Because they havent got nearly as much capacity as they sell. Theft of SIM cards from devices is going to get increasingly common, there was this case from traffic lights in South Africa a while back http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12135841 I imagine a lot of them are used by criminals who want to make anonymous calls, they probably get cut off more slowly than stolen handsets. It seems likely that it will turn into a more or less standard Android tablet, with some nod to a slightly readable (FFS) screen outdoors. I wish Qualcomm would get Mirasol manufactured in volume; I have seen it on a 5inch prototype tablet and it looks really lovely, is readable in full sunlight, and has good refresh rates. I think people dont know how to react when something becomes a few orders of magnitude more common in a few years. Mind you with photography this has happened a few times, with the box brownie and mass production of 35mm colour film. The photo fads are pretty boring though... So you run the tests a lot of times so the JIT compiler kicks in and is guaranteed to compile the code. I can see that makes it run faster, but not sure it makes it any more of a real benchmark... There are very few recent exploits, unless they were running on Windows, so not sure I believe this. http://httpd.apache.org/security/vulnerabilities_20.html Dont they have backup generators? I thought all datacentres did, although I have known them to fail too... The motorbike taxis and minibuses were operating at the train stations last time I was in Paris, so maybe they won in the end... I had this running about 10 years back, and the number of boards it covers is a little bigger now but still small. Odd mix of supercomputer and embedded users. I wonder if any of the large cloud providers are using it, as it is much more reliable than a BIOS which can fail in so many ways. No the network sockets are set to non block and will return E_AGAIN once you have emptied the kernel buffer. Thats still non blocking. I dont think he is using aio_* which Linux does not really implement usefully. Yeah best to avoid them. It works best if you buy hardware around what works, rather than trying to work with poor undocumented stuff. Not open sourcing this right away is a big mistake, when Cloud Foundry has shown that open source is already going to be where these platforms are. Hoping its just because they cant and have to rewrite code, not because they think they need to. Or worth about $30 per user, if you want to look at it like that. I was a bit perplexed by this, but reckoned it was just bad journalism, and its not all fees, but that some of the existing shareholders are selling some of their shares in the IPO, so Linkedin does not receive that money. A guess, but seems most likely. I assume he is not counting servers... I thought netbooks a few years back were what was going to get Linux to "normal users", but Canonical barely managed to get anyone to ship netbooks with Ubuntu bundled in the boom year (when I bought an Eee, with their terrible Linux version on it and then installed Ubuntu netbook edition). And then Microsoft managed to push Windows back onto netbooks. Right now there is no touchscreen Ubuntu, the netbook edition is folded into the standard one, and the only vague hope would be ARM based machines (Nettops, or desktop), but these are still not really shipping in any volume, and Microsoft has announced Windows 8 on ARM so that only gives a short window of opportunity, and not likely a 200m one. The tablet option is a lot of work, and up against Android (and Meego), with rather less momentum. So, I think that just leaves the geeks still? There are only in the thousands not millions of Andrroid developers though. Some people (like me) have come back from a few years on Mac to Ubuntu, but not a lot yet. So right now, I am not convinced... Skype's (technical) HQ is in Talinn just across the water from Nokia, Microsoft's other new "acquisition"... useful for their mobile strategy perhaps? But Skype's infrastructure is all Linux + Postgres (they are a huge Postgres user), so maybe they will be forced to rewrite it all on SQL server for the next few years. Zlib is not shipped with Lua. I am sure more stuff will get added though as time goes on. Down in England title caps like that went out around the 1950s. Compare say the UK Guardian with the New York Times and there is a huge readability difference. US print newspaper design is very retro, like the UK was in the nineteenth and early 20th century. Well Skype is built on Linux and Postgres, so they might have to look at that stuff. Will be interesting if they try to do a Hotmail and rebuild it in Windows... I expect batteries to run out. You could have a usb port perhaps... Is it better performing than the older Atoms? My 1.6Ghz atom, with hyperthreading, is slower than my 1ghz Tegra2 arm, per core, and the arm is dual core. Depending on the benchmark the arm is up to about 50% faster on single core benchmarks. And the arm is lower power... Why dont you meeasure it? His microbenchmark basically measures the time to do 10000 database round trips to extract a field. So long as you dont overoptimise and request all the data in a single transaction. I wouldnt expect an order of magnitude better on the same benchmark actually, especially as the benchmark in question is for a single core. There is clearly some scope to improve over these, but I doubt it is a factor of 10. Run the benchmarks rather than making claims with no backup. Lack of ogg support would rule out Safari. Not sure what Opera and Firefox are missing. The hardcore randomly change all the urls in testing to make sure nothing is hardcoded. A hateos api should still work. The clue seems to be in very high cpu load on one cpu under xen. Need to do some digging to see what it is. I would look at the interrupts under xen and see if they are not being balanced. The config of the network interfaces and which drivers are being used are key. There is really not enough information in the post to diagnose though, although someone might recognise te situation. He is not using EC2... Yeah, true, rereading it he is not clear about whether he has run the software on xen on the same box he ran raw on, although it is implied. It is a very different question on EC2. Some browsers can render images in canvas that are actually SVG files, but support is a bit patchy outside Webkit, and there are some other issues, but may work for you. http://www.svgopen.org/2010/papers/62-From_SVG_to_Canvas_and... Dont call it "the Hadoop of" if it is not open source. Hadoop is notable as an open source project not actually a new idea... zeromq does not persist messages so you can lose them and need to adjust your infrastructure around this. If you are used to network programming that should be fine, just build persistence in to your protocol where you need it, ie reply after you have committed to persistent storage. Mike did say on the list that he was considering at some point adding the ability to natively mix assembler code into Lua, that might give you an opportunity! You could also view this as a missing optimisation opportunity on Chrome. Firefox and Safari manage ok. Chrome has some excellent optimisations for new but I dont think it is the case that these could never be applied to native object.create. Personally I like the prototypal style, and would like it to be optimised. Most servers have little source of decent entropy. Virtualisation makes this worse. Intel has dropped the motherboard RNG support in their chipsets. The suggestion in the thread to use a few cheap VIA boxes which have CPU RNG is one idea. There are cheap USB rngs too like http://www.entropykey.co.uk/ . Getting the two to interoperate eg cache invalidation would be hard without Intel cooperating I think. Running as independent systems but maybe sharing some pci devices might be easier. They would have to run two OS kernels anyway as mixing a dual architecture kernel would be hard. "Just 2k", "Just 3k"... Then "Just 295k" seems rather out of place. Maybe selectively replace "Just" with a different word here? But the "oddity" is that unlike many languages there are only string keys. Many languages implement the array type as a map but still distinguish between a[17] and a["17"]. Makes more sense with the date! Perhaps an ARM port would be useful... As of a few weeks ago, Gentoo-Bionic is up at https://gitorious.org/gentoo-bionic which is as far as I know the first attempt at a Linux system built with a BSD licensed libc, Bionic being the Andoid libc. All the other glibc alternatives like uclibc tend to also be GPL licensed. Bionic is missing a fair amount of stuff, as it only has to run a limited subset on Android, but has enough to run much software. It still cant build a fully working out of the box Linux kernel for x86, eg no 16 bit early boot stuff, patches for various stuff, some things not working. It is stable though. Linux is just a hard target... 1. It has always been targetted at gcc, so no serious portability work has been done, more of a co-development thing. Linux will only compile correctly on a few recent versions of gcc, you cant compile old kernels on new gcc or vice versa. 2. There is a lot of inline assembler (including oddities like x86 16 bit code) that has to work exactly as specified, such as for creating memory barriers say, or other low level constructs. Inline assembler is non standard, although clang does now implement the gcc stuff. 3. You are making an ABI, so everything must be laid out exactly the same way. Portable C does not give you exact control of padding, again there are gcc extensions. 4. Testing is hard - there are a huge number of optional modules, as well as SMP and non SMP builds, so even if you build the code with a new compiler without a lot of people using it it is hard to be sure it really works. There is no test suite... Probably some more reasons too... Outside Oracle prepared queries make much less difference. They can improve performance is Postrgres used sparingly. Obviously escaping is rather important... My guess is they had to release WP7 when they did, and IE9 was not ready to ship on it, so the Silverlight was a stopgap. I think the HTML5 people have won the arguments in much of Microsoft, and Silverlight will be deprecated gradually on WP. The JVM allows commercial software to be usefully cross platform. If you are working with open source or scripting/jitted/non compiled languages this doesnt matter. Compiled C or C++ code was hard to get for the right architecture and work with. But it makes no difference for open source, hence the Linux coders disdain for VM languages, and it makes no sense with Python or Ruby where you interpret the source. And native JIT makes more sense now, the JVM being a bad language to write a JIT compiler for, as it loses a lot of important information. I think Go will be released for Android next year. Maybe other languages too. It is a huge legal risk for Android not to have a fallback from Java. What does it do about the undefined behaviour parts of the spec? A lot of the seriously parallel stuff is going GPU because 4 CPU cores is so much less than what you get on a GPU. And a lot of big data problems are IO bound not CPU bound. And a lot of multicore servers are being partitioned into virtual ones with fewer cores. So we have avoided a lot of parallel coding for a bit. Both AMD and Nvidia are going for a mix of CPU and GPU and maybe the split of a smallish number of CPU cores and then a wide parallel GPU for parallel code will be a success, with an option of lots of CPU cores available for threaded server workloads. http://test-ipv6.com/ is much more detailed about how you might fail/be failing. My iphone gets 10/10, 9/10 (I haven't fixed the DNS server to have IPv6 access yet). The Google page fails to detect that I do in fact have IPv6 randomly some of the time... Intermittently, yes. Some of the time it detects IPv6 correctly... Is that 10/10 on both lines? The first 10/10 just means you have working IPv4, and you don't have a broken IPv6 that will cause problems. So you get 10/10, 0/10 if you just have working ipv4 and no ipv6... You only route your actual IPv6 traffic over the tunnel, so it is a small fraction of your traffic. Not sure how they make money though... Probably, although it is possible your ISP has support but you havent got a route set. What does route -n -6 say? The default route is 2000::/3 in ipv6. Here is a useful guide to the kinds of issues and fixes you might get http://www.getipv6.info/index.php/Customer_problems_that_cou... The iphone browser prefers ipv6 if available I think, well my version (iOS 4.3) does. Does test-ipv6.com say you have a public ipv6 address? Anything starting 2001:db8 is not real. Try 2a00:1450:8002::6a which is ipv6.google.com But if you only have fe80:: and ff00:: addresses on your network you do not have external connectivity, those are link local addresses, not routed addresses... Then you don't have IPv6. Hassle your ISP and/or install a tunnel. I get "Yes, looks like you’re using IPv6 already. Welcome to the future of the Internet!" I think they are detecting via Ajax to an ipv6 only domain so the test page does not need ipv6. So it must be misdetecting you. It was being intermittent for me earlier... You dont need OS support for gc to do gc in a scripting language. Wax, https://github.com/probablycorey/wax which is a Lua binding for UIKit does all the gc for you. The framework just needs to do all the bookkeeping for you behind the scenes. Lua has this, with metatables that can set methods to handle undefined stuff. It is actually very useful and you can do a lot with it. The G-Wan thing looks like it is created by a pretty odd person. And not open source. This Firefox plugin lets you see the IP you connect to which is useful to see if you get IPv6 https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/showip/?id=59... The bbc is odd, as www.bbc.co.uk has ipv6 address 2001:4b10:bbc::2 but Firefox only connects to ipv4.. [edit] finally connected on ipv6 after a restart... Yeah, installing a tunnel went pretty smoothly, but finding the home router documentation was not that easy, this has details for O2 broadnband in UK http://blog.technologyofcontent.com/2011/05/this-blog-is-now... Yes, can we leave it on please! They were terrible about merging conflicts, made them unusable to me. Hope Apple have worked out how to do this better now... That does not solve the problem, as devices can go offline. If they come back with a change from an old version you still have to deal with a conflict. It is not the OS that makes this happen. The device ships with a windows driver disk. The manufacturer made it happen. Out of the box Linux probably ships with more drivers than Windows, but the process is much more centralised. Yeah, state as functions is really nice, but it gets messy in languages that don't have tail recursion elimination (eg Javascript), as you have to have a trampoline mechanism to call the next state, I generally return the new state function and get the trampoline to call it. Which is less readable then just calling the new state as in your Lua example... I would have thought so, once the code has been called a few times the JIT will kick in. There will be a small overhead for actually making the C to Lua call, which you can't get rid of, unlike the other way round where you can call C from Lua with the FFI with no overhead. If you want to see what the overhead is, the Lua module for Nginx is comparable if you compile with LuaJIT, should be fairly easy to benchmark just adding a small bit of code. Actually I tend to use this combination instead of Varnish where I actually want to mess with stuff, like do authentication while processing requests etc. About the same day as Apache Traffic Server, another http proxy, hit version 3.0 as well http://trafficserver.apache.org/ Has anyone used ATS, any recommendations over Varnish? Previously, in a kind of reverse thing, any booklike app that didn't have interactivity was refused as a normal app and had to go in the iBook store. But interactivity ie Javascript in iBooks did not seem to be allowed. The ePub committee spent a lot of time trying to decide if ePub was just a browser and what an eBook was, but maybe Apple have decided. Not sure they would accept an HTML5 game as an iBook though. A kids book with puzzles in might work though and still sell as a book not an app. iBooks is implemented using mobile Safari, so the security model is the same. It uses CSS3 columns to make the pages going across. That makes no sense. http://apple/ might make sense. But what would .pantene do? blonde.prov.pantene? They are not going to subdomain them under .pg. Why dont you compile on a ram disk then? Its not like you need to persist the intermediate files... Wealth was more unequally distributed back then in all the rich countries, at least compared to say the 1970s which were the recent equality peak. The US had Getty and Rockerfeller and JP Morgan and also mass poverty, look at the Great Depression. Was Argentina that different back then? They were in most of Europe, certainly here in the UK not that long ago. Probably policy imposed by Murdoch as part of the News Corp paywall. Whether it makes sense or not. They did have one of the best headlines ever though http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:NYPost.jpg You still need some simd to get the performance numbers talked about as it has 512 bit wide extended SSE registers. This was the first census where you could submit details online. I wonder if it was these records? Would be surprised if they had even finished scanning the paper ones yet, but the UK governments security record is not good. They contracted it to Lockheed Martin, who also do the US census, so presumably reused the software? The security breaches are attacking the old well known holes that everyone has ignored for years. I quite liked this post: http://1raindrop.typepad.com/1_raindrop/2011/06/unfrozen-cav... people are just not investing in security. Most of the attacks are not very sophisticated, it is just no one is spending money on solving the basic security weaknesses. That confusion is because there are a lot more options now, what with there being embedded (performant) HTTP libraries so you can run your stack without a separate server, or you can embed user code into a traditional server, or many other combinations. Async stacks do not a bit in the middle. And some NoSQL databases like Couch can embed the web server and middle parts of the code. Go has an interesting combination of lightweight threading and a high quality performant HTTP server, so potentially it is good for implementing the http serving and application layers. Chrome's ative code plugin NaCl lets you do this - there is a Tcl implementation using it so far, but no reason why there should not be others. Actually haven't seen anything for a bit. You are right we do need this too... Just word the question to "do you want to be sure you have a secure web experience" so the default yes is secure... Interesting, suggests a quick fix might be for the client to not use keepalive, or to selectively close connections that are very slow so as to start new ones. Potentially a much easier solution than writing a new transport. That doesn't wound like a shopstopper... optimising performance for IE6 is kind of pointless.. I thought this might be an issue when they did generic TLDs, but as far as I can see they are only selling to registrars, so they are not expecting web sites at the top level, there will still be a subdomain, and browsers will probably not go to the top level domains. Interestingly, http://dk/ has a valid A record to 193.163.102.24 which curl will show is a 301 redirect, but you cannot load it in Chrome or Firefox. dk has MX records too (I remember an old story about someone who had the email address m@dk or similar), but I think generally having any records for the top level is frowned upon now. Pretty widely discussed that as a business it has never broken even as a whole. Eg http://www.johnkay.com/2005/09/27/airlines-and-the-canine-fe... And London too, which manages half the bus trips in the UK, among other things. I would be fairly sure that the canal business (eg in the UK, not later ones like Panama) was generally unprofitable as a general transport business, being mostly replaced by railways before paying back its build costs. The railways are less clear, the build costs were huge, and written off many times by bankruptcy, but the impression you get from say http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/1947/dec/30/transport.uk was that in the first half of the 20th century in the UK they were competing well against road transport, efficient and profitable ("they were conveying more passengers than the whole of the United States railroads put together"). Other countries may vary though. The car business does not have a very good long term profitability record, I am sure if you lump in the cost of road construction you will probably end up at a loss, although that is not exactly fair as that is not the way the market was structured. Sales people do it faster than most - if they cant get the commissions any more as the market is saturated they will go and sell something else. I have had a Google profile with my Apps account, and now Google+. Well thats the way it appears anyway, the whole thing is very confusing. I never migrated my domain though, as I was already conflicted, and still am, although apparently they will be forcibly moved soon. The whole situation is very confusing though, and the constant messages that it will all be sorted out very soon are still tehre and nothing has happened... I dont know. I see a lot of people trying to hire exactly the same people, a lack of willingness to invest in cross training or any training at all, as people just want so called rockstars. And a large number of people not building sustainable businesses that could support training and learning because they are just chasing a bubble. The recruitment industry is also in the way of better solutions. Why do they parse 16 bit UCS2? Although Javascript strings are internally UCS2, the files as transferred on the web are all UTF8 which should be easier to parse fast, and involve less conversion, unless there is something really broken in the spec. Has anyone got any more up to date figures than these http://www.w3.org/QA/2008/05/utf8-web-growth.html from 1998, when UTF-8 + ASCII was already 50% of the web? I think there is a lot less ISO 8859-1 than there was back then. I also think that for Javascript files, almost all will be ASCII, with some UTF-8, and little else. JSON is of course only allowed to be Unicode, and I suspect that almost all of it is UTF8, although that will not generally hit the Javascript parser I presume (although maybe Gecko also normalises it?). Locating non ASCII chars obviously is an issue, but no worse than the line feed issue mentioned in the article. Doubling the size of the input is generally a big performance hit that will be much more significant. Google App Engine does have one. But it makes no sense for an IDE to have an App store. If they want to make an app store they need to get an angle for consumers not for developers. I think the space of applications that could run on wimpy machines is a reasonable size, although of course not all. Google though do have a huge installed base of software so the cost of moving could be very high. The examples are based on stuff that is at the limit for sequential execution speeds, but loads of software is not, has scope to run slower. Apple got the customers first, that drove developer demand not a lot of people using XCode, was what I meant. Sun could have had a market, it is true, but if it had been via the IDE they could have lost to to IBM with Eclipse. It makes no sense tying these in, when there are standard application containers that are IDE independent. It is possible to program C with a functional mindset, but the syntax does get in the way. The function syntax does not distinguish between parameters that are modified but you can by convention, and use of structs to bundle stuff up. You can pass function pointers liberally. In the end though the number of use cases for C is smaller now, and you should be able to avoid it for large projects and only use it for small pieces. This type of code used to run faster when compilers did less. It makes no difference now. I think that is why it has stuck around. I prefer to write C that uses array references where it makes things clearer. Yes even though this is exactly why people want to use C now, to get exact binary behaviour. Amazon S3 uses this, dont think any browsers do. You could file a bug report! Farmed fish are already a lot cheaper, although only some sorts are widely farmed. If you do use content type negotation, you are best off giving each type a different url (with the conneg doing a redirect) if the representations are usefully different ie you might want to bookmark one or the other. In practise no one does use it, so just forget about it. Historically (eg Argentina) the government usually nationalised private debt in these situations if it was an issue. Mexico is paying much of the cost of the US policy, so it might still be a hard sell. It is back in discussion for html5, so may yet happen. If you need page stability you can refer to the items at the top of the page not the page numbers, the nice thing about rest is they are still just next and prev links. You should read this article (also applies to other VMs) http://www.vmware.com/files/pdf/Timekeeping-In-VirtualMachin... There are a lot of issues that can happen because of this... The Linux distro they used on the original ones was pretty bad. Mine runs Ubuntu now, and I still use it though it is slow, and could do with an upgrade... I think this is Richard Gabriel's thoughts, it is signed rpg@lucid.com at the bottom... which certainly isn't Jamie. The fact that net debt is zero does not make people or countries creditworthy and able to pay. Thats just because they dont want to share the information transparently. New Zealand started issuing a real balance sheet quite some time back, and it is very interesting. It is hard to do as you need to estimate long term liabilities etc. Here is a summary position and you can find the rest on the site http://www.treasury.govt.nz/government/longterm/fiscalpositi... All governments should do this.... I forget the original reasons, it was some time back. There is a statement here: http://www.treasury.govt.nz/budget/2010/is/04.htm I seem to remember it was partly prompted by a new government wanting to prove they were fiscally responsible, but also I think there has always been quite an awareness as there is a huge earthquake reconstruction fund (now entirely in external assets) in case of disaster, which would prompt some thinking about assets and liabilities. Yes, you can upload tracks they don't have (at least in the paid for version, not sure the free service lets you). I don't know Rdio. The reference manual is very well written http://www.lua.org/manual/ Compiled Go is roughly the same performance as Java, so no I cant see a big win here. Sure there is some work needed on Go optimisation and GC. Why isnt unfollowing an option? Unlike the author of the article I do find twitter a good conversational medium. I dont follow firehose people as it is not conversational. I havent quite worked out how/if i will use plus long term. Surely if that bit of history says anything then this will be successful? There is a big incentive for languages to reimplement natively, for Java it was cross platform consistency and security, for js in the browser it is complete unavailability of a native code API. (for node.js I am not really convinced though). Sure there are some issues with js, eg binary support in browser is painful, and it is slow, but Java started off slow and lacking features too. It is improving. Is now a good time to work on things like this? Why not. Especially if they feed into language and API improvements. I nice high level open http api to git would be a huge benefit, as working with the native http api from js is not simple, and not needed for every use case. Ideally not github only... The fannkuch benchmark is one where Go beats Java, and has a hugely better memory usage. But these benchmarks are highly suspect (they dropped LauJIT recentl despite it being the fastest dynamic language). C does not have a standard threading library, which is why there is no benchmark. Plan 9 did not have a lot of funding. Java did. Pretty much everything has been ported to Java. Almost no one programming in Java uses native libraries at all. I cant think of libraries that were not ported; the Java ecosystem is now very self comtained relying on innovation within its own community. Essentially Java replaced C++ in most of the enterprise programming market. I saw that but I meant a higher level http api, easy to use from javascript, like this github API sort of is. Something you could use with much less code than the git http transport. It is gret to implement the existing api but it is not an optimal api from the use case of a javascript client. Hardly anyone will provide you with support for commercial products under Centos. You just have a reasonable confidence. I have never seen the Dropbox video. I think it was word of mouth. You can explain it to your friends in a few words and thats what is key. An open foundation could work. Imagine Apache Android. Sure there would be fragmentation, but at the moment the need for apps is pushing them together. If web apps win then the APIs look a bit different, with more scope for UX differences. Not that this will happen. You could lighten it in the darkroom, which sounds like AP would allow, but not remove it completely. But the new wave of public cloud computing is not generally running VMWare's product, as it is too expensive; eg EC2 runs on Xen... they are doing better from the private cloud people who are less concerned about using commodity open source software. Sure thats true, but small companies dont have 300 servers but still need a sysadmin. Thats why platform services that dont require sysadmins like infrastructure services are so compelling and seeing so much innovation. There is a huge value there. No, potentially world changing products. Most of which will fail. As most vc funded companies fail the failure is ok. She is complaining that the potential upside is too low due to lack of ambition to really change things radically. Charging by the hour kills the incentive for productivity gains, which generally arise from building internal or external products that help you do things better. It kind of works in fields like law where the delivery has not changed much over the years, but delivering technical services like anything else in the technology business changes very rapidly. Clients somehow need to be sold the idea that they will get better and cheaper delivery if they accept fixed costs, so that services can be productised, made profitable and improved, rather than buying one off non repeatable time for everything. We are sort of seeing this as we get an increase in the number of product businesses being started, and so more types of activity are being productised. On a regular PC suggests you might be using consumer disks which may not be 100% reliable about committing transactions it is hard to know. You should probably test first. Some SSDs hve enough capacitors to commit in flight commands on power failure. I would be inclined to use Postgres. Built for robustness. Also, just the amount of issuance will in itself increase the risk, as interest payments are higher. No that is not generally the case. You can set them to "internal" in the nginx config so they can only be called by other nginx config, not directly by clients. You also need to check the error messages do not leak urls. Then there is rate limiting etc, depends on the service. Well in the UK we had a huge number of recent new entrants to the market (polytechnics, fe colleges etc), whole sets of mergers. And the number of customers increased a lot, probably past the point where the returns are positive. London has recently seen a huge new market in student accomodation. Universities are providing branded courses overseas. Only the postgrad situation is arguably stagnent in terms of innovation. Higher issuance means that the company has higher leverage, which means higher risk. This should of course cut ratings, but might not. Not sure Europe fits that, looks back at the past but forgives a lot... Ubuntu one sync just sits there and eats ram until i kill it. Very annoying. Not impressed. Any evidence that law enforcement could virtually eliminate spam? You might want to remove all caching. Though deleting cache on exit will disrupt tracking if you exit often. The etag mechanism will return each user a different etag for a piece of content, so the browser will send an etag changed request with that etag in. This will be stored with the browser cache. Spotify dont sell enough ads to make targetting feasible. They play you all their inventory. Until you buy a subscription because it is too annoying... Etags are an http standard. Temporary things. Same happens with illegal drugs when key people get killed. Does not mean the war on drugs needs more law enforcement to win... I have been to restaurnts which refuse to cook steak well done actually. Maybe they are not in a viable business after all. This business has existed for a long time on a very small scale but other types of business such as hotels and b&bs have always dominated. Much more useful. The key issues upheld are: (1) The headlines to the various articles reproduced in Meltwater News are capable of being literary works independently of the article to which they relate. (2) The extracts from the articles reproduced in Meltwater News with or without the headline to that article are capable of being a substantial part of the literary work consisting of the article as a whole. (3) Accordingly the copies made by the end-user's computer of (a) Meltwater News (i) on receipt of the email from Meltwater, (ii) opening that email, (iii) accessing the Meltwater website by clicking on the link to the article and (b) of the article itself when (iv) clicking on the link indicated by Meltwater News are and each of them is, prima facie, an infringement of the Publishers' copyright. (4) No such copies are permitted (a) by s.28A CDPA dealing with temporary copies, or (b) as fair dealing within s.30 CDPA, or (c) by the Database Regulations. (5) Accordingly, the end-user requires a licence from NLA or the Publishers, whether or not in the form of the WEUL in order lawfully to receive and use the Meltwater News Service. Which is not about the user copying but Meltwater's summaries and distribution of them being illegal. Google should note this and immediately stop crawling the internet in the UK as this behaviour is clearly illegal as headlines are creative works. Stupid... They do when it matters. Many countries at various times have used the dollar as a non official but widespread currency, eg much of south america, and Russia. Its just another blip in the entertaining dysfunction of your politics. The risk point is interesting. All sides have asymmetric information, and the marketplace makes no attempt to deal with this. Most successful markets do something to even up these risks, or to mitigate them, or you get the classic market for lemons situation. Also there is a lot more general infrastructure and expertise in manufacturing a lot of product types there. And no doubt the factory making the robots will be down the road, improving the ecosystem. Generally you do not do every process in house so you need component suppliers and specialist process makers nearby. Reindustrialising the US and Europe would be hard. In a lot of use cases for this I also need to be able to verify you did apply f too, which may be hard. There is clearly a huge lack of trust here. Thinking of financial service applications like trading. I think the use case where I want to compute f(x) in an untrusted (eg cloud) environment is probably the real potential use case. The (slightly odd) book Translucent Databases gives some more use cases, such as working with anonymised statistics. They usually have to publish a payout rate, it is a common requirement for most forms of pure chance gambling. If people dont win you need some form of rollup. However if you keep it purely on the single big win it does not lead to schemes like this. So does the Linux client... Well memory more than cpu, uses more than my 8gb. Don't forget that your first client could be your current employer, on different terms, if the relationship is good now and continues to be. IT is generally considered a cost centre in banking, in essence, and so not rewarded like real traders, or sales people. Thats a high rate for London UK individual freelancers too. More like an agency rate. Bear in mind you will need to allow time to search for new work too. Fine if you arrange one but spam emails suggesting you might want to join one are the penis enlargement of business, I get a lot of them for stuff I have no interest in buying. Html and css were not designed to be an arcane programming language, but a simple layout markup. If well designed then copy paste should work fine. Arguably we didnt quite make that simplicity, but I think your Python PHP comment is way off as far as html css is concerned... You can I believe go to business meetings on a tourist visa if you are not being paid. Eg as a UK citizen I have often been to the US for meetings. Not paid work though. So meeting your VC or customers is fine. Service businesses would be out. I think a lot of geeky people have the same issue as me with internet advertising. I dont click on ads. I do not buy any advertised products. The entire market is targetted at some average consumer, like tv ads, not at the niche markets like me. Google has apparently worked out that I might be interested in buying cameras, but I do not buy them based on adverts. The brands that I respect have characteristics that advertising does not convey as well as informational marketing. I dont believe that wearing your prouct makes girls sexy, but I might believe that your German engineering is very good based on data. I also like some adverts as cultural items, but the web has not been good at those yet. So advertising annoys me because it is dumbed down and a waste for me, and I think that is a common geek view. Redefining everything as advertising does not work. I heard of Whole Foods through word of mouth which is not advertising in general. Sure placement can be. No I dont buy advertised products. Except razorblades. I really do not buy mass market consumer products in general. Oh I bought an iphone, not because of the adverts though. I have read a lot on advertising, it is very interesting. I simply do not buy the types of product that are advertised, and I am geeky about the stuff I do buy. If advertising was aimed at me it might work, but it is not, that was the point I was making, and why I think many geeky people are averse to advertising. My views on German engineering are from time spent in Germany, and reading. As far as I know I have never seen a Whole Foods advert. Not sure they advertise here (uk). I spend a fair amount of time finding new grocery shops in the area. Considering all labelling to be advertising is, as above, overextension of a reasonable definition. Although I do buy stuff out of cardboard boxes and sacks too. The styles for some of the languages seem quite different, had an issue with a translation from the French wikipedia being very informal in style, compared to English... Italy did not exist then as a country. It was unified by Garibaldi in 1861. Portugal is older, Spain, depends how you count it, but it was Castile and Aragon until 1469, and Granada was reconquered in 1492... Desktop machines still do not ship with ECC, other than a few high end ones that use server hardware. VAT is a sales tax, so it is not charged on exports outside the EU. It might technically be a rebate but it is not a subsidy. Not sure about the extent of real subsidies. I dont think so. He said it would provide puzzles to annoy people and be solved by the time rich. No "great" programmers involved... I would expect Amazon to make a statement saying they wont ship them, now this has hit the press. EDIT judging from hullo's comment above they have pulled all these products. Not sure why this comment is getting so many downvotes, it is a PR issue not a law enforcement issue, if the press are calling the company over this and it is going to be in the papers they will do this. In my experience of these London kids a lot of them are smoking heroin during these types of violent events, so I would be unlikely to trust their rationality. I dont think they find them most of the time. The flash sites have such bad SEO that normally I find a review or comparison site first. It wasnt continuous telemetry from memory, just once an hour. The power consumption would have been huge otherwise. Cant remember how they were transmitting, but probably radio, which is why they didnt get the signal for 3 hours. Also remember the wind is behind you flying that way across the atlantic. Helps a huge amount in terms of power required. Nice article. Have just started using d3 myself. It might be worth mentioning that you can transform the svg coordinates if thats easier. Or the d3 data values, if the default coordinate system is annoying, eg if you want it centred. I have been wondering about progressive enhancement for old browsers, display data as a table, then convert to chart if svg is present. Its not that straightforward yet, but there is a whole bunch of companies who will do much of the work if you dont want to. You can get PCBs made up in small quantities at ok costs then you need a bunch of equipment to solder chips on. For small quantities you can do it manually. Then when you are happy you can go for volume, with automated insertion. We did this some years back in a startup. But you can probably find an existing platform that has what you want if you dont want big volume. Eg this has two ethernets http://www.newit.co.uk/shop/proddetail.php?prod=DreamPlug not sure what else you need. For power, you could use a pc style power supply. You can get them in lots of sizes and voltages. Yes I dont think thats whats making money in Europe. Deutsche Post is making money from owning DHL I think. Not that USPS buying fedex is likely. Closing post offices has reduced costs, delaying the issues. Here in the uk we are in a similar position to the US. There is a shift to banks and utilities sending by email, and junk is shifting to phone as it is more effective. However merging and being profitable has probably helped some of these outside the uk be less government minded and more commercial. Sure. Thats picking the right algorithm though, so rendering is O(n) say not O(n^2). But yes these things do make a huge difference. Corporations dont tend to rationally shut down when their market goes away either, there are inefficiencies in the corporate model. Charities do change as demand changes though. I can't take this website seriously. Full of ads in the middle of the page. This appears to be the real paper which the page apparently does not bother to cite. http://arxiv.org/pdf/1009.3333 The man pages really do try to put you off using the syscalls. I only used getdents for the first time when I was writing a syscall interface for Lua https://github.com/justincormack/ljsyscall - not tried it on 8m files but you can set the buffer size so it should work. The native aio interface has advantages over the posix wrapper too, and some of the other interfaces. On the other hand the futex interface is not nice to use, as it requires architecture specific assembly which seems undocumented... That doesnt mean that linking in a GPL module doesnt make the rest of the kernel GPL. A real ABI might not mean it is not linked. Allowing commercial modules and linking with GPL ones are not the same. I dont know though, the definition of linking is pretty opaque to me. Oh no not Dasani, I remember the uk launch when they made tap water less safe and withdrew it. http://www.stevedenning.com/Storytelling-in-the-News/95-coke... Ugh. Surely thats what CSS transforms and transitions are for. Javascript animations should be a last resort... You could sell gasoline over the internet. A tanker could find your car and fill it up overnight sometime as the delivery mechanism. In urban areas this might be more efficient than gas stations... Ah ok thats better. The description did not make that clear. Should have read the code... Http defines the date format precisely (although there are 3 valid formats) and browsers already can parse it for other purposes, like cache expiry. http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec3.html I imagine this bug will be fixed pretty quickly as the http replies being sent are out of spec. The only thing is that Amazon mainly seems to want to run their own software, and have their own app store. Having a different os might help. Seems unnecessary for them though. Not quite the same as an export. We do get the cash yes, although we will be paying dividends abroad in the future. I think the thinking is long term they might invest less in the uk, and it is one of our larger companies. On the other hand it is a great uk startup story, we just need more of them... Though there was Xensource out of Cambridge too. Yeah. I think an open source port of this for Android would be cool... Personally I think that big enterprise software and its sales model, as perfected by Oracle and SAP is dead long term, it will be killed by an on demand cloud products. HP maybe had a chance to get into this market eventually, and WebOS was part of his strategy. But instead they decided to chase last decades model which makes high margins in the short term. And why does no one want to try to compete with Apple? That is what they think. MySpace bought HP servers, but Facebook doesnt. That market will commoditise too, as cloud that uses software not hardware redundancy doesnt need the high margin features. And the future of business software is gradually being built by Salesforce, Google, Dropbox and so on. The landscape will change drastically. While there is innovation in clients, owning a platform is still part of a viable strategy. There is still an opening for a business friendly platform, as Microsoft can still lose and RIM is weak. Pepsi competes against Coke. Islam competes against Christianity. It requires a long term view that businesses are no longer good at in general. What do you mean reset every header? Not set them on the redirect? Is there a bug outstanding for this? It may go back in at some point, it was reopened a couple of months ago... Chipping away from the bottom takes time. But it will happen. Do you see the big enterprise software companies doing serious innovation in their products? The stuff that they built was often fairly cutting edge when they built it, but that was years ago, and those companies are sales driven not innovation driven, like Oracle. Of course they buy in newer more innovative technology, but then try to merge it with the legacy. The margins on the servers Amazon buys are not that high. They are buying commodity servers, not the highly redundant high end ones. With just a couple of SATA drives. No redundant power supplies, raid controllers, hotplug ram and cpu and all the other high margin stuff that makes the server business really profitable. Apple is probably more profitable for them. There was an old story that Apple designed their computers using a Cray supercomputer, while Seymour Cray designed his supercomputers on a Mac. Clearly they didnt have enough money to buy SAP, hence the purchase of Autonomy. If they sell the pc and printer businesses it might be possible I suppose. Or more likely a merger. They have no interest in doing what Dropbox does now. It is not a threat. But its a beginning. Dropbox is raising a lot of money to go after some aspect of the enterprise market. From niches will come the important profitable software of the future. Start with revenue from small businesses. SAP and Oracle are simply not innovating in that way. Actually utf8 in MySql is 16 bit utf8 ie compatible with the obsolete UCS2 and you should be using utf8mb4 for real utf8. http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.6/en/charset-unicode.html Sure that works for some things but 1. You know there are no entity names for most unicode characters? Eg Chinese. You may as well use the numeric entity codes 2. In XML the entity names other than lt gt amp and quot are not defined unless you have a dtd, so you should not use them across an xml api, eg for an Atom feed, or across an xml web service, unless it defines a dtd including them which is unlikely. 3. If you get those errors, it is because you have something set up wrong. Those things are fixable. Fixing them will help you understand whats going on better. As the article says, get out your hex... Maybe buying (uk based) Autonomy is a trial run? We will see with Microsoft and Skype (Estonia). I cant think of any big examples, though there was ICL Fujitsu (uk Japan), Europe does not have a lot of large software companies. I always assumed you could not do that as the terms of service say You agree not to distribute in any medium any part of the Service or the Content without YouTube's prior written authorization, unless YouTube makes available the means for such distribution through functionality offered by the Service (such as the Embeddable Player). Am I mistaken? Cant see any sign of discounting in the UK yet... Are you going to be able to pass data between the phases other than through the DB? It doesn't sound like it from your description, but living without closure equivalent would be painful. Maybe some way to add some data that gets message-passed to the next phase? Sounds interesting. we could replace the semicolon with "innit!" $oranges = "lemons" innit! Not overloaded, just form an orderly queue and wait please. Wouldnt it be cleaner if you send messages to a computation state (this request in a future phase) as an indirection, as the pid might not be allocated yet? I dont think it is inertia, it is just that making stacks small enough is a harder issue than just making a fast evented system. More to change. Will take longer or involve more radical change, like shifting to Erlang say... Ah ok by pid I took it to mean a unixy pid or an Erlang mailbox. What you are saying is what I was thinking... Of course Google, Microsoft et al were telling Ireland the other month that they couldnt raise their rates or they would leave. There is too much power here. Aligning tax rates globally will be necessary, like the EU did in Europe. On the other hand if GE is paying 3.6% then some loopholes need closing. Remove the ways to avoid tax and you can cut the basic rate. That was the plan for the abortive Reagan tax simplification. Governments are too weak for all the pork barrelling loophole generation and then get screwed by this type of evasion. Drastic tax simplification should be back on the agenda, but is as unlikely as ever. There was a floating abortion clinic off Ireland at one point. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/1382412.stm And of course there used to be pirate radio offshore from the uk beaming pop music, bypassing government broadcast regulations. So there have been other uses... You can work towards making userspace crash only. Generally you want to make it stateless as much as possible, ie avoid writing to lots of files, only config databases that are crash proof. A few people have been looking at stateless userspace eg see http://www.infoq.com/presentations/Runtime-Changes Current Linux distros generally have too much poorly documented state in the filesystem, much of which may not be updated in a crash proof way... There is a quit option in the menu, so no. I think it can be configured to restore state on a clean exit. Chrome can. Though xslt didnt come out of Java, it comes from the w3c mindset of how things should be done. His main criticism is the poor Java XML library, combined with the weakness of xslt, so neither work. Now we all know that most DOM style interfaces are badly designed, tend to think the answer is the Haskell one is an exception. Everyone else just avoids xml for these types of reason... Obviously you cant for this problem. Actually looking foward to USB 3, not the speed but the fact there is command queuing for usb storage, which makes ssd performant (without queuing you get far fewer iops, factor of about 10 from memory) Actually a USB bus doesnt know much about the hardware, but can forward multiple simultaneous (SCSI) requests and if the hardware is fast it can deal with them in whatever order it wants. If you benchmark an SSD with and without queueing you get very different speeds; with hard drives there is still a difference, although not as much. EDIT benchmarks (Intel SSD) no queuing, 4k reads: 3965 iops depth 4 , 4k reads: 16,900 iops depth 8, 4k reads: 25,700 iops depth 16, 4k reads: 32,600 iops depth 32, 4k reads: 38,800 iops The benefit decreases with larger reads, but still exists. It used to happen, years back, but has indeed become obsolete. (it was 10^12 ie a million million). WHen I was a kid there was confusion... The system as a whole is badly designed, extremely complex, and not maintained in Linux. See eg https://lwn.net/Articles/343828/ Sure there should be layering, but starting by emulating a serial port to create an ssh session? Why is this in the kernel not in userspace? Apart from the 10 million share options he got that the article mentions... Userspace can not echo a password too, its not exactly difficult. And do we really need the job control model as is? If you started from scratch would you design it anything like this at all? And signals, it is all the least successful parts of the unix design... Sql is slightly older than Prolog. They may have come from similar roots. And sql is used as an embedded subset not a whole systems programming language. Most people do, but taking it as a calculated risk rather than ignorance or denial seems more honest. If you have no customers, and the worst case liability is not too bad, then a calculated risk is just that. Not something I would choose, but it is arguably rational in some cases... Sorry, you do not understand the meaning of "first class". You mean "included in the standard library". First class is as in first class functions, ie you can assign them to variables. And for a second I was excited by first class transactions. But mysql was originally European, so there was some strange extra significance. Not convinced. They are being valued at $4b not for some extra profitability by cutting costs, but because of a huge opportunity to grow. They need to do what they need for growth not hire expensive people to get into the server farm and storage business. Maybe later. Not sure which shops. Now the supermarkets are buying up the convenience stores, and they consider Amazon competition they are not feasible. Mass production was just one aspect of the industrial revolution, mainly developed in the US. Other parts of the technological change were as important, increasing productivity, the development of machine tools etc. Now capital costs for tools are coming right down as they turn into software, big companies are not so necessary as they were just a source of large capital. Newspapers were big because printing presses were hugely expensive. As industries lose the need for huge capital big companies will go, as their command structures are less efficient than agile markets of freelancers and small businesses. It is a worrying sign if they pay wages on credit. Payment to small businesses is erratic generally, and it gives no scope to grow. When I was in this type of business we kept 3 months costs in the bank at all times. If you have regular income and outgoings, and large efficiencies to scale that could make sense, mostly done through factoring, ie credit against invoices, so secured lending. It is less sensible in businesses with more variable cash flows and nothing much to secure borrowing against. Some businesses would, but many would not. Running internal services has a cost too. More likely though other providers would spring up and undercut their pricing but not invest in development. It was just at the start of the microfilm boom, so they used microfilm. The quoted lifetime is 500 years, accelerated ageing tests indicate 1000 years. So the books probably wont be readable. The Egyptians did better with papyrus and ink. It is not oxidisation that is the issue. Humidity and temperature are the main issues. Film is metallic silver in gelatine, and lasts ok, but thousands of years is a very long time. Confessions is a good read, suspect it covers a lot of the same ground, but with autobiography added, although havent read the other. Good writing about advertising is interesting, though there is not much of it. Well one click jailbreak is proof of concept. It could do something worse. It is hard to know if your iOS device has been rooted... Some resources are virtual, so yes it is a vm. Processes are one level, then there are bsd jails, linux containers, lots of vm types. All have different security issues, once processes seemed enough isolation. In the end the bugs matter most, and vm isolation has bugs too, they have just been harder to find and exploit. Security is not absolute, just a matter of degrees. Someone in the office or wherever will switch people slowly. People do rely on the office geek to tell them whats best as they dont know, and that person probably does the preinstall or technical induction for new users... Raw milk has a lot the bacteria needed to make the cheese already in it. Cheesemaking is basically farming bacteria... You get more variability and a generally better product with unpasterized cheese. I mainly eat cheese from unpasteurized milk... These only work as no one is really competing. If other people were trying harder they would be finding different components, as happened when ibm cornered the 386 and everyone moved to the 486 instead. Find a substitute product. Or just stop buying this one and wait. There are lots of arthouse and Indy films, for example. The whole cms product category is in crisis. Developers would rather use frameworks, and testable deployable code. The inexperienced user wants something very simple, but secure, so they will chooses hosted solutions, wordpress.com hosted wordpress is now 50% of installs. Other cloud solutions will start to grow. The commercial cms market is a mess too, too many products, mostly very old architecturally, and in terms of code. And then everyone has their own in house solutions. Even the rise of statically hosted git based blog platforms shows signs of the problems. So are lots of cms systems, like typo3 and silverstripe. But almost no one uses the frameworks outside the cms. The product category is not really well defined architecturally any more. Always is a long time, but who knows, China was the richest country in the world until around 1810. We still have 20 years until China really starts getting an ageing population. Africa has a long way to go still, so there is plenty of coming up. Default and devaluation help for price competition too. In a world of equal wages, there are still going to be local specialisms though. Not sure that it is fair to characterise that the richer countries make cooler stuff. Apple and Dell both make their products in China. Japan makes cool stuff that is only popular locally. Cultures have different attitudes to cool. There will still be diversity. London is getting sane after a start when they didnt get it. http://www.tfl.gov.uk/businessandpartners/syndication/defaul... There is a lot of data, producing a coherent model across different places will be hard, for a comprehensive model. I wonder how many people use it. I didnt know it existed. They have built a platform with zero discoverability. Maybe they could dropbox sync a new features file into a folder sometimes... No not really. It might make sense in a campus office, perhaps, but in central Manhattan it just seems like overcontrol. Presumably the point of the betfair twitter stream mentioned http://twitter.com/betfair is to get an audience, any audience. It is pretty bizarre. Cant imagine most companies agreeing to it. More interesting than the cutesy style that gets annoying very fast. Yes there are. Big companies mainly, eg the News Corp contracts say that. Historically there have been people trading off various schemes other than fundamental value forever, whether they be the public rushing into the bubble before the 1929 crash, or the chart-trading technical traders who have been around since at least the 1980s. And dont forget the people manipulating and cornering the market. None of this is new... No, it is not just about your interests, it is about whether you can be construed as giving investment advice, which is a very grey area, eg see http://handbook.reuters.com/index.php/Personal_investments_b... No its about trying to pay less tax. It will cost more in fees etc. The US doesnt have any double tax treaties. If you are Brazil resident, but have US income you may well be double taxed if you are employed in the US. If you are not Brazil resident then Brazil wont tax you. Only the US taxes non resident citizens I think. No its the corporation tax for firms not actually operating there but that are Delaware registered. Income tax depends on where you earn it. Unless they are on an ARM tablet in which case there is no option. I can imagine similar issues, like gestures that span both flash and web. Hmm, there have also been statements that the classic Windows APIs are not going to ship on ARM. My guess is that it is possible, but it wont ship as they wont be able to support legacy software anyway, as there is no instruction set emulation. Guessing though, as I cant find a clear source... If you want another use look at d3.js http://mbostock.github.com/d3/ I love SVG, my current gripes are: 1. Patchy support. If you stick to the most common parts of the spec its ok, but there is no comprehensive test suite, and only Microsoft seems to be interested in test coverage. Import stuff that Inkscape can render to a browser and you may get issues. Opera is better than Firefox and Webkit. 2. No CSS transitions on SVG properties, so it is back to Javascript for animation. 3. No support in Android 2.x. Or WebOS. 4. Server side rendering of a fallback image (especially if you use css styling) is a pain. Maybe there are good solutions I havent found yet. 5. It is a big spec, I feel that some better learning resources would help. Do love it though... OK I admit I never tried SMIL, but I believe the browser support is terrible. The CSS support works in principle, but in fact almost none of the SVG properties can be transitioned in any current browser. I think some of the shared properties like color can be though, but I couldn't get anything useful to work without javascript (and d3.js has nice javascript transition support...) Although the linked article on view all pages http://googlewebmastercentral.blogspot.com/2011/09/view-all-... says they are going to try to make search results point at unpaginated content as thats what users want... Its not that bad. Maps are fine cross browser in my experience, eg look at: http://mbostock.github.com/d3/ex/choropleth.html http://ie.microsoft.com/testdrive/Graphics/AtlaszurEuropawah... Funny you mention flexible canvas size, just looking at trying to do that right now.... Well the 30 year treasury is yielding 3.5%. Nominal. So you are not getting 4.5% in anything risk free. But as a long term return in shares, historically that has been the case. Whether it will be looking forward is another question. Still Javascript transitions only, its better supported only because it is a small subset of SVG which is known to work. And it has other issues, like the Raphael commands are a separate language, and then the DOM will be different. For some basic use cases it is a good way to use SVG that gives you IE support (but not eg Android 2.x). It is not a complete answer... also you get to like SVG when you start using it, being able to directly browse the DOM is great, with Raphael it is indirected through a translation layer. I find it less intrusive than Linkedin's soft login, which really annoys me, especially as I cant remember my password often. You can go as far as writing someone a message, then you need the password. If I can read my private messages, surely I am good to send one? Seems reasonablish. Work out how much more they are selling and how much higher the price is compared to not having the brand. The hard bit is the counterfactual. Most of the figures are made up from how many people have heard of it and assigning a value I think. In many places that kind of blanket restraint is illegal, as restraint of trade, eg in UK... Specific ones can hold, although enforcement is hard. But 0MQ can lose items too if the queue fills, how does this help? I can see adding a queue with persistence would work... Yes, persistent queues have issues, which is why 0MQ exists. But using a non persistent queue to deal with overflow just delays the problem, which was why I asked... One of the reasons why stuff is so much more expensive in Europe than US. The prices are higher, so cash margins per sale still high even if percentage margins might be lower. Now Europe is obviously a place where there is a lot of scope for these businesses. IE9 SVG support is really good. It has some differences in coverage, but is excellent overall. No, they were clearly trading while insolvent. Saying you can cover liabilities from notional future profits is illegal. As this is hacker news, recommend you dont run a startup while you do not understand this. Its not about having cash in hand. Thats cashflow, although businesses fail on cashflow issues, you are allowed to take that risk. However it is illegal for any company to trade while insolvent, when they have negative assets like here. Hard to say you are buying chips when you do not receive anything, would be hard to argue that. I dont think regulated operators are allowed to work like this. Aside from the US issues, Fulltilt was actually shut down by the gambling regulator in Alderney, so they were not unregulated. The author's complaint seems to be that he wants to put a rel=next / rel=prev relationship on all his blog posts, and this might get confused with a paginated article. Generally ordered sequences are designed to be read from the start, so you rarely want to be dropped in the middle, which is what Google is saying they will usually do. I think Google is right here. If you mark something as a sequence, it is reasonable to presume that the start of the sequence is the normal entry point, in this case the front page of your blog. Personally, the obsession about date order in blogs is overdone. It is not a book, there are no real dependencies between chapters. My blog is not a sequence (unless I happen to say write a three part article on some subject, where there would be a short sequence here). Sure it has a date order, but semantically thats not very important. I am not self important enough to believe anyone reads it in order. If people want to read by date, you can provide a date index or calendar view, but that does not have to imply a rel=next/prev sequence on that view. They say they may. It may also depend how similar the content on the pages is, and how specific your search term is. Eg if there are 10 pages on a disease, one is about symptoms, and your search term is about symptoms you probably want that page, if it is a general search you probably want the start. Thats my interpretation of them, how it works in actual use we shall see. No you are talking about different ways you could speculate to fund a startup. Thats not arbitrage. I just deleted my account without downloading anything. I just dont see any value in tht stuff... Not sure the IPO is going to happen now, and if it does it could be at half that, or less. It works if you have a package management system like gentoo, that compiles from source, or the BSDs, just not most Linux distros. You didnt read the comments then? Including the one where he says "Oh well, I said I wouldn’t post my actual critique, but looks like I’ve gotten sucked into doing so in the comments." they are laregly an extension of the article, all high quality... Its not mainly about TLDs, it is about whether you have an EU operating company, like Facebook does, or if you store any personal data in the EU. I am waiting for Go to get an implementation... Looks like it should happen http://groups.google.com/group/spdy-dev/browse_thread/thread... Excellent. Behind on the mailing lists... just what is needed. Well, you can configure how many processes nginx runs with at startup, but otherwise yes it is an event loop based system. Lua is just a module like anything else in Nginx, and uses the Nginx event loop. And you can just inline svg in base64 anyway... Problem is people have to enable it on their sites, and probably dont. You can use gcf: to force it though. Is there any evidence that there is a competitive market driving the prices down though? Looks like this regulation was designed to push down costs by fiat, but people wanted to keep their profit margins and shifted the costs, so no worse than what you are saying the government would do. The government should be trying to design cmpetition into the system. A library of everything about everything available to anyone has been one of the human dreams, from the Library of Alexandria to the Hitch Hikers Guide to the Galaxy. Most GET requests to third part sites are fine, you need to be more precise. China of course has a few trillion in US Treasury bills burning a hole in its pocket (they dont belong to Alibaba but they presumably have RMB to change for them). The only sane solution for China is to start buying real assets in the US. One official recently suggested they buy Intel, Apple and Boeing. But hey why not Yahoo too. There will be a lot of these purchases coming up. Total Chinese reserves are $3 trillion[1], of which over $2tr are in dollars, not all in Treasuries, some is in US mortgages etc. Sure there is going to be some protectionism, particularly around defence. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_exchange_reserves_of_th... Er, what would a local or provincial government do with dollars? Unless they dollarize the economy, they would just ask to convert them to RMB. The government has bailed out some banks with dollars which they cant convert, but that is easier as its last resort capital. Or they can invest it offshore by buying Skype, like Microsoft did. Some were saying that they were keen to buy as they couldnt repatriate the money. Because most people don't regard bitcoin as funds. That perception could change of course, or work for a different non traditional currency. The traditional thing to do is to have guaranteed convertibility until it takes off - I remember a story about Hong Kong having a jet full of dollars in cash to guarantee convertibility when the Hong Kong dollar was fixed against the US dollar, though I cant find any evidence that this is true... Butbarent Amazon using their own GUI? The only low level stuff they might need apart from bug fixes is proper multicore support. I saw a Mirasol device (demo model) and it was lovely, both in sunlight and indoors. They did officially apologise recently. Some more grants would not go amiss though. On the other hand, signals were just a poor design. They are much nicer now on Linux with signalfd(2), which gives you a file descriptor to read them on, a much nicer interface than all the old syscalls for signals. Because it didnt find anything, while there were positive useful suggestions, and sightings of malware by actually visiting the site. What value is a link to a service that doesn't work? An occasional readchar could be replaced with an occasional read to a signalfd. The problem is blocking calls, you need to not block for too long in case a signal arrives, which is more messy it is true. Depends on whether they are running a current account deficit too, in which case there will be net borrowing from abroad. Many countries borrow quite substantially abroad. At least set your servers to use UTC. They dont complain about when they have meals. Oh but the SX70 is much more fun to use. Creating an object like that, with the picture slowly appearing is much more magical... You can do the numbers... The article is about how to model this. Expandi g to the whole world does not change the argument much as you get a bigger pool of artists too. He was comparing off US revenues on eg CD sales. There are still huge national differences in music preferences. Yes I would expect a long tail of listeners, imagine I am at less than an hour mostly. To some extent this will just affect penetration though, as the light listeners will not pay $10. In principle you could sell them cheaper capped play subscription though. A keyboard device that sends keystrokes to download malware is mentioned here https://media.blackhat.com/bh-dc-11/Larimer/BlackHat_DC_2011... Its a good overview of usb malicious devices from the software side. Thats what I thought of, but then I looked up average radio listening hours, and they seemed to be about 0.2 hours per person (UK figures). So I think you may still be an outlier. Our modern institutions, the banks and the corporation, arose in a period when business was very capital intensive, you had to build big factories to compete. But recently, large areas of business have been changed by technology to require far less capital. Not all of them, building chip factories has not, but look at say the media business, it used to cost a huge amount to build printing plants for newspapers, but this is all starting to go away, taking with it the rationale for the large corporation which used to have to be that big to finance the capital. Silicon Valley is funding the smaller scale firms of the new economy, but that does not require huge amounts of money; meanwhile Wall Street is mostly large amounts of leveraged capital that does not have productive use in the real economy any more, so it tends to feed into asset price bubbles. Its a big long term shift in the balance. And mine. SVG would have been readable and not crash prone... It is worth reading Krugman's 1994 argument that the Asian miracle (unlike the earlier Japanese one) is purely capital based, not productivity based. http://media.ft.com/cms/b8268ffe-7572-11db-aea1-0000779e2340... Validating parsers should not be downloading these, they should have local copies. And you should probably not validate against a dtd anyway. No build should need network access. No URLs, so you cant link to a part of it. Would rather have it on separate pages than this I am afraid... Or you use timerfd(2) and get the kernel to manage the timer heap. Under Linux anyway. It is more an equity investment in the book product than a payday loan, as there is no obligation to repay if sales are bad. Or you can regard it as the publisher creating a limited liability company for each book that pays the author. It is much like VC financing for a product company in terms of the model, although the payoffs are usually distributed a little differently. It sounds like it is from Pearson not Google really, just available via Google Apps marketplace. Suspect they will start to charge if it takes off. The housing boom created no wealth. None at all. When house prices go up nothing is created, houses dont get better or more numerous (building does that). Wealth is redistributed but not created. More artificial, since they are buying a visa with a free house attached. LuaJIT's ffi lets you use native C types directly in Lua, which fixes that issue and keeps the type info. Also he is saying Microsoft is outside the Silicon Valley culture, without the same values. People lost some money after 2008, although prices are now approaching the peak levels again. However, the key point is that your pension fund may not care, they are buying because of the negative correlation with other assets, and positive correlation with inflation, as the 2005 paper mentioned demonstrated. Pension funds are where this money is coming from now, and where the trillions of dollar figures talked about would come from, as they get persuaded that this is a real investible asset. Prices are back up. Not quite up to the peaks of 2008 but not far off. http://www.indexmundi.com/commodities/?commodity=wheat&m... Food prices have tripled since 2005, roughly. That makes a huge difference in many countries, and to the poor in many more. It is a very real factor. That would make the problem worse though, by adding more demand for futures. They should sell futures to take advantage of raised prices now for future production, taking profits and driving prices down... That is clearer. But right now that would increase demand for futures even more, over the current situation, and if the futures prices are higher purely for speculative reasons, you would reduce volatility but pay a lot for that. Whereas if you sell future production into the market now, you realise gains from historically high prices, and hopefully make a profit. Although Sony has a thunderbolt display with the graphics card in the display not in the computer, so the long cable just sends higher level graphics commands and the bandwidth problem is over short proprietary stuff inside the display... Good point, and of course there are the government farm subsidies too, which could go to the poor instead if the farmers were profitable, certainly here in Europe the subsidies have not necessarily achieved the right goals, as there is still extensive poverty in agriculture. There are also buy side issues, such as concentration of buyers. And in the UK I see farm land prices are rising fast, which will reduce much of the potential profitability long term. It is unlikely the warranties would pay for that, the manufacturers couldnt afford to basically replace panels for free. No the gap is not continuously widening everywhere. It rises and falls a lot. There is one measure and a historical chart in this article. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gini_coefficient Hmm, you could target iphone wax https://github.com/probablycorey/wax to make a coffescript dev environment for iOS. Wax is a really nice environment. Using javascript as a language instead of Lua for scripting though seems odd, as Lua is pretty easy to use instead. It is free for individuals, or was maybe they changed that? I ised it for free for seversl years but just started paying in the hope of getting better support. Given I didnt I am probably going to go back to free. Thats kind of misleading. First those figures are probably notional underlying, which doesnt mean much. Second contracts have a buyer and a seller, so net value is zero. So it does not work like a stock market crash destroying (presumed) wealth. They should be teaching kids the basics of this stuff in schools... Maybe Apple accepted it on purpose to discredit google and discourage usage. They are not a QA dept... Why would a router need to know what daylight saving time is? I just use UTC for everything with servers... Do you get access to the bootloader etc? They dont seem to be selling it as an open platform, so a bit unclear... AGPL uses the same definition of linking as GPL so communication over a network API to a storage backend is not linking. http://www.quora.com/Does-the-AGPL-extend-the-idea-of-linkin... I could too but dont think I can anymore as have got older, though hard to find a crt to check. Suspect a lot of people just could never hear that high. Though curiously I grew up without a tv too... That data was released as part of the European bank stability tests. You can get the spreadsheets here http://www.eba.europa.eu/EU-wide-stress-testing/2011/2011-EU... Historically it was not available. No, the primary surplus is before interest payments. After interest payments it runs a deficit, so it is still borrowing to pay the interest bill, so debt is increasing. This was largely shifted from the banks to the Irish government, as the bank bailout was Euro 100,000 per head. All the fallout from a property boom. Not much in Europe, as they are on the same currency. Indirectly through the European Central Bank and EFSF but almost all is banks and individuals. It is also encoraging to see a subscription business that is reasonable priced at $1-2 for 3 years, way under what people tell you is the viable minimum. Styling ok for me but the drag and double click actions dont work... These numbers are not long term sustainable I dont think, a financial bubble and loose credit meant that banks could fund governments in increasing their debts in boom and recession, but now they have seen that the downside of that is bailing out the banks, and ever increasing leverage. The amount of government debt the non bank private sector wants to hold now is maybe half the existing stock. Higher real interest rates might increase that level somewhat by encouraging saving, as might mandated savings. The alternatives are inflation or default, or trying to float a giant government hedge fund to take on the leverage, the EFSF plan. "We’re still working out some of the details of ALIAS records, but we do feel that they are a very useful addition to the records supported by DNSimple" Guys, have you heard of writing an RFC? Other people might like this too, and have contributions to the detail. The article presents it like that, but oil companies actually have a huge incentive to make better faster cheaper cleanup, as they have to pay the cleanup costs. I suspect though they are not really paying enough though to incentivise them, and they should pay higher fines for externalities like spills, eg based on amounts of non recovered oil. Organic food is potentially scalable, maybe not right now. It fits right into the beyond mass production era, when capital costs have fallen, productivity has risen, we can apply different new technologies and we can mass customize products. It is mostly not retro, not like biodynamics say. That is a bizarre argument though, you are saying that capitalism works fine so long as companies are run as soviet states? The Soviet Union showed basically no benefits to the command economy... And the great leaders of large businesses look rather more like command economy leaders than products of a free market. I think you need a better argument than that that large corporations are here to stay, not a passing fad due to factors like transaction costs... There have been few great leaders running large corporates, although not none, and many people just enriching themselves for doing little. Yeah thats what I meant. First prove there is such a thing as a well run command economy then, and then that the company system will generate such a thing... And Chrome frame inside it... You shouldn't redirect for assets that dont exist, even if you do for pages... Has anyone used it on any other tablets? Curious to know how well it works. And the bunker datacentre in the UK http://www.thebunker.net/ And almost did. Until the late 1980s/early 1990s they just squandered the money like the UK did, running large deficits. But they turned things around then. I think it is likely that Amazon will do a Postgres RDS soon too. Could be time to update their OS too... Their trademark policy is pretty controlling for open source software http://nodejs.org/trademark-policy.pdf I guess we need a name for the unrestricted version, like Iceweasel in Debian. But the US (and UK) are prepared to monitize their debt via QE which Germany is vetoing. And the US allows internal bankruptcy, with a legal framework. The domestic debts (well those under domestic law) at least would be redenominated, which is most of them. It is quite hard to do. The bank clearing systems for each country have been replaced by centralized euro ones for example. And no one will want to convert their money. There are stories that the Greeks have been withdrawing cash and putting it in safe deposits for months. The problem with Coase as I see it is it is a case of fitting a model to the facts, so has no predictive power at all, even if it is the correct explanation. Some of the factors are changing, as technology cuts information and transaction costs and makes markets cheaper, for example. So how much does that mean firms will shrink or grow? In other parts of the world their are trains, which are faster than cars and provide tables and often electricity and wifi, making them a pretty compelling substitute. memcached would presumably be an issue because of it not being non blocking, so you would want a smaller subset. And Quora has its business model mapped out? Currently reading this on Galaxy Nexus. No need to throw at wall in my view. Feels much like the iphone 3gs i had before... Photos are usually blurry because the exposure time is long because light levels are low. Depth of field is very high on consumer cameras sofocussing is pretty much unnecessary. Stop words have a function though in some situations. They tend to stop people interrupting you. The better alternative if you dont want to be interrupted is to pause in the middle of sentences as people then tend to wait. Of course letting people interrupt is goid a lot of the time but sometimes you want to dominate a discussion. Like all leaflets I just put them in the recycling. Never looked at them. From the name I hoped it might be uk based. Annoying. it is not a different representation, it is a different resource. Imagune if you PUT it, it has a different meaning with different depth. A better way is to PUT the template as a resource that you can GET with query paraneters later and which would fill that template. Like creating a prepared query. You dont want flops figures - no floating point is used to compile. Bogomips lives up to its name. I suspect that compiling has fairly poor locality and is quite cache dependent, so you might be better off just benchmarking on a mobile cpu. we just need documentation to understand what the generated code does then, as AFAIK the output is code for undocumented hardware. Or mounting a filesystem with the noatime option, which is common. FPGAs have been the next big thing for at least 15 years, during which time the consumer GPU has made huge performance increases, and is turning into a general purpose parallel vector unit. Still seems to me the GPU is on track to fill this role and the fpga will stay niche, has anything changed to change this? Indeed he says that solving the whole document layout optimization is too hard, so much of the rendering of paragraphs could be fairly parallel. Adding tests for bug fixes doesnt necessarily help when your code is in that state. I think you are better off looking for coverage on tests, and trying to write specs eg formalize the parser as mentioned. Probably a lot of tests now are from previous bugs, but the code has drifted and they have not been maintained. There are plans for other similar boards in the works eg http://rhombus-tech.net//allwinner_a10/orders/ Which is higher spec, cheaper and has full source. I don't use dropbox for sharing at all, and suspect I am not alone. Generally use Google docs fir that. Dropbox just for replication to my devices. Limited by the resolution to some extent though. Hi-res screens help a lot. With realistic text sizes on low res screens there is much less in it. As the other posters here were saying, wages for the young are already very low. The problems are more structural, as technological change is changing what skills are needed, and some countries like Spain just had a huge property boom so everyone was trained for the construction business, which was a complete waste of resources. Existing businesses may never hire these people, so a lot of new businesses are needed, which takes time and capital, and a startup culture that much of southern europe does not have much of. Emigration is the current solution for many people instead. The Greek debt negotiations haven't finished, and while the private sector bond holders may get 50% losses, Greece will not cut 50% of its debts, as the official lenders are not taking losses. Greece would be better off simply defaulting fully, as it will still end up with government debts of 150% of GDP or so after default. Also if the countries default the banks do too, as they hold a lot of the government debt - it was a mutual game. Eurobonds are forbidden by the German constitution though. And why exactly is more borrowing the answer? ECB money would be monetization but eurobonds are just subsidized borrowing for the PIIGS, which we already had for years with their low rates. . Borrowing from governments was not the only cause. But more borrowing wont make it better. Monetization does not create any more debt, while eurobonds do. Italy and Greece did borrow at US-like rates for the last ten years. They can't pay back those debts, and saying that if rates were low they could afford to increase the debts even more is not that helpful. People have realized that there needs to be a plan that involves reducing debt levels, as the ever increasing bank leverage story that funded both the government and private sector debts is over now, so there are no buyers of new debt, at any interest rate. There doesn't seem to be any evidence for this hypothesis, or for his one that slow growth is lowering market share. But something makes a difference, and English speaking countries seem to be more Apple oriented, could be a factor. France and Germany are stronger open source markets than say the uk, could also influence arly adopters. Would be interesting if there is more data about phone choice. Especially as the line height recommended usually depends on the typeface as some are taller or shorter than others. And then squaring to get the width has no basis at all. Its numerical bullshit. Not logged in to Google so cant read. Why do public google docs links still need login? Europeregistry is where I have my .eu, they also do .it That is not particularly rational. It makes moving hosting providers harder and many provide very different dns services. You might want an api or support for different record types that otherwise good hosting services dont provide. I use zerigo just for dns because they are really goid at it... Ability to set SRV records, geographic dns, an API,... lots of reasons. I haven't bought the idea of expansionary austerity, but I really believe that the debt levels are far too high, and only managed to get that way because of a huge bubble, largely in the banking sector. Spain borrowed the other day because temporary measures to reflate worked briefly. Monetization or default are the two real options, or a combination. Spain's problem never was the government, it was private sector housing, funded from abroad. The solution to that is structural, and also involves getting the private sector debts written off, which also means the banks are bust. Bailing these out will add another huge hole on the governments balance sheet, and make it even harder to fund debt. I can't find any documented evidence of data loss on S3. Can you? Documented evidence. eg not http://www.quora.com/Has-Amazon-S3-ever-lost-data-permanentl... "All of this is my recollection of what I've been told friends, so it may not be accurate at all." The report doesn't seem to break this down into iPad vs phone/pod which is annoying. I use my ipad for purchasing but very rarely my phone, but maybe this is unusual. No but it is short enough that you wont have actually gone to court yet. Just because forward rates are calculated as a risk free arbitrage does not mean the yen has to appreciate. The name doesnt really prove much. Webkit really is a kit. The question is what features does it have and whn will it get others. It is easy to just use firefox on android though. Could push people to that. Many boxes run in dual b/g mode still though, so are still vulnerable. Yes but currencies dont stay flat and it is not clear that there is such a thing as equilibrium in the markets. This article did not really mention that he found too few entrepreneurs, just that he didnt get on with the investors. Community needs to be there first, and investment cannot create it. Not sure that someone deciding they cant make enough money is an indication of anything about the potential. Well it was more specifically that their service could not support the cost. Sounds like they would have paid if it had been less or their business was much more profitable. It is a big problem with this type of service where many uses are not directly revenue generating. The traditional model has been to try to get the sales team to price at what the customer will pay, rather than have list prices, but Google by the sound of this has not got a good sales team in place, they are not culturally a sales organization. They should perhaps try some sort of auction based pricing that works for this type of data service in the adwords model so it can become self service. OSM is of course an excellent product for people who want to do more than the off the shelf google functionality. Also Italy, not only for soft drugs. Europe is very liberal on drugs compared to US or Asia generally. They are small, low power, and silent. Hopefully cheap too. There has been a gap for stuff for applications like building your own tablet, netbook, robot, media centre, home automation, helicopter, 3d printer etc that people are looking to these to fill, especially now that the graphics are good enough to do video which previously ARM SoCs couldnt. You can have something under 5W a few inches square with integrated interfaces for not much money soon. But they were an industry of falling prices, the incumbents who failed to innovate were probably going to fail anyway. http://www.bothsidesofthetable.com/2011/12/22/the-amazing-po... There has always been a market for price info on collectibles antiques etc. they are just trying to make use of technology to expand this down to lower priced goods. Whether this is viable is less clear. I accidentally created an account during Android phone activation, as it was very unclear (already had one on other account and didnt want another). They could get up to 700k a day like this, maybe this is most of them. Oh but its just a google login, most people will have one. You need to measure views or posts... I thought I would like it, and I do find some good content there, mostly blog length stuff. However I dont really want to blog on it, and prefer twitter for short stuff. I do see more g+ posts here too which reflects the good stuff. Yes it was a galaxy nexus. Guess they may not be able to back port this then... This is the UK, where the upper class is more hereditary than job based unlike in the US. Banking and law are fairly common professions for the upper class, so he may well be upper class. The thing is in a weakly typed language you can implement functions that do coercion, while a strongly typed language will not let you as generally there is a fixed type (or type class) to each parameter. That does not mean the standard built in or library functions have to do javascript levels of coercion though, I think there are better balances. It is hard to find the restaurant sites as the flash only ones often have no content that is indexed by google, like a blank one I visited yesterday to see if it was open. If you are really paranoid you could mirror their cdn libraries and rewrite the urls, as they could be used as fairly poor info too... Oh you just found out how to emulate the Lytro, take one shot focussed close and one at infinity. Because of the wide depth of field it has, those two shots should be enough if you take them at f11 or so. Possibly the most pointless photographic invention ever. But "far" for most small frame cameras or at any smallesh aperture is infinity as far as focus is concerned, or just use the hyperfocal distance. It is only close shots where you need to focus, and even then it is not as much as people think. I have an old 1930s folding medium format camera that has two focus settings, people and landscape (and two apertures, sunny and cloudy) and it works fine... But it might take you more than six months to find them. Are you working on plan B as suggested as well? Out of interest, what is the difference for you of an S3 bucket in Asia versus Cloudfront? The other thing I am never sure about with CDNs is whether they will actually keep your items resident always, even infrequently used ones. If they evict them and go back to origin it does not help. Has anyone done eviction tests on say cloudfront to see what the policies are. tl;dr no one told him Amazon EC2 is not a VPS provider. Lots of people seem to assume it is. Instances are supposed to die, thats a feature not a bug.