> Assuming that Twitter has 2M users Crazy as it sounds, Twitter is far from that popular. It has mindshare in the tech sector, but is for from widely adopted. http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/summize_twitter_trends.... There are a couple hundred thousand active users per week. It's probably close to that per day, but still only a couple hundred thousand. I believe the free option is to use the carrier supplied email gateways (which is what something like Google Maps uses to send addresses). If you want a full two-way messaging system like Twitter, you have to pay up. You can find open source software, but you need access to the networks and that's going to cost money. It's quite a racket, they often charge both the sender and the receiver. Both PayFlow (now owned by PayPal) and Authorize.net make subscription billing easily programmed. Authorize probably makes it a little easier because they have more code samples, but it's really just an API call for whichever. No, it doesn't really make sense. What it the AP wouldn't write about something that Reuters already did? News is news, but demanding first or nothing is a very poor technique. I wouldn't worry about it. TechCrunch is not always a huge traffic driver (nor is Mashable obviously) and I wouldn't want to reward their petty games anyway. What's TC's goal? Covering web startups or covering web startups that Mashable hasn't written about? The content at TC has been going down hill for a long time, but this is really pathetic. Obviously, but this is a mention, not a feature article in an entertainment magazine. Engadget will cover something after Gizmodo and vice versa. It's ridiculous that TechCrunch won't. I stopped reading TC a while ago because the signal to noise ratio started diving, but I wouldn't read it now even if it had great content. I don't care who has what first, I'll read who's comprehensive and honest. Mike wants to be the new CNET and that's not going to happen by being a bitch about being first. TechCrunch didn't exactly have a high bar for technical knowledge before, but Gillmor is definitely lowering the bar. He's the John Dvorak of web 2.0. He's perfect for TC's style of throwing shit up against the wall and not linking (and possibly blocking) anyone that refutes it. A high-deductible plan with an HSA is the way to go. You can put up to your deductible into the HSA annually with pre-tax dollars, so after a year or two you have money in the bank in case anything happens (and depending on your cash-flow can either continue to pay into). It's a great deal. The lander is powered by a 33MHz computer that costs $200-300k. I love how much gets done with so little power. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAD6000 I couldn't find what language they were working in, does anyone know? Ada? I would be shocked if the actual rovers used Java. Perhaps Java is used in the tools used to control them (that send the signals), but not the little guys themselves. Facebook's definitely spending more than $1m a month. Way more. They have over 500 employees. Do the math, at $1m/mo and only factoring in staff costs everyone would have to be making 24k a year without any benefits. I would say $10m/mo is a conservative estimate. > They are the preeminent news source Except when Mashable writes about something first and TechCrunch refuses to follow. Writers very frequently use the dictionary. There is no problem with it, that's why we have dictionaries. I think the idea is choice. A device maker could make a dumbed down version for mom and a power user version for you. The iPhone is somewhere inbetween. Perhaps the servers were not near the explosion? Twitter definitely does not have millions of daily active users. There are only 824M total tweets. Comparing IDs from posts 24 hours apart shows there were ~500,000 tweets in the past 24 hours. Your guess is still way high. It's around 200,000 active per week. Probably close to that every day as well since it's a dedicated group. http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/04/29/end-of-speculation-the-... A Flash interface is not going to help kill Amazon. Lower prices and faster shipping would. Amazon massacres the new Borders on price. Not to mention selecting "Books" on the top menu gets me an error message on a blank page: > This page can't be displayed due to a security violation. Contact support for additional information I can just see Amazon quivering. Did they try and balance prick bias? A lot of brain surgeons are hot shots. Hot shots like to show how important they are by using a hands free unit (Mr. Important can't be bothered to use a hand while he's rudely talking on the phone in line at Starbucks). Thus, brain surgeons are likely to use hands free units. It's in San Francisco. They probably buy from the VCs. Not real likely to be attacked, since they would not only need to know the database name, but the address of the PHPMyAdmin install. But hopefully it's addressed quickly. I don't have PHPMyAdmin installed locally, I use GUI client. And you also don't know the name of my databases. As I said, I hope it gets addressed quickly, but I just don't see it very likely that this will be exploited whatsoever. But you still need to know the address of the site. You'd need to create a new attack site for every victim. And then lure the victim there after they had just been in PHPMyAdmin. Not exactly like a CSRF in Facebook or something. It should definitely be fixed, but it really is a weak attack. And then they could create company stores and pay in company money. It would be a closed system! The distances in the US might be larger, but the pattern similar. Most people go between home and work. And then other trips are similar--shop at the same stores, go out at the same restaurants, etc. Most weeks I don't leave a three mile radius. Since it funds the development of FireFox, I don't really care. I wasn't going to use Live.com anyway. An office full of shysters. You should start selling the ice from the freezer to eskimos. Congrats on the sales though, that's pretty bad ass. The health of the CEO definitely has impacts on the company, especially so in Apple's case. The health of Apple is directly related to Jobs, much more so than any other large company I can think of. There was an article (can't remember where) about his first bout with cancer and the struggle he had to stay on the up and up with the SEC. Basically it's his private matter up until it would be likely to affect his performance. It's kind of a grey area, but keeping things disclosed is much better for the company. It's pretty depressing, but you'd have all sorts of insider trading problems with only a few people knowing you're sick. The people who would know (nurses, doctors, etc) would probably be fairly under the radar as far as that's concerned too. I think it's handy for apps you use all day, such as Gmail. It shows up in the Dock with a Gmail logo, if you quit Safari your Gmail doesn't go away, etc etc. You can do video-to-video chatting in many countries. Most 3G phones outside of the US have a front-facing camera for exactly this purpose. It's not that great though, I can do video chat on my computer and never use it. What's going to be left to do at Yahoo? Develop Yahoo! Mail? Or is that going to be Gmail as well. ... By not requiring $90 a month plans. I love the humility: > Yahoo Stock is down sharply based on this story and a follow up by Reuters. It was the "follow up" by one of the most widely read and respected news sources. Once it hit Reuters and WSJ it was up on Drudge, CNN, etc. That caused the stock to dive, not a mention on TC inbetween Twitter rants. Why? This would be outsourcing Yahoo's heart and soul. It's a major game changer and has dramatic long term effects in terms of growth and probability. Search and advertising sales. Until the cash (not stock) is in your account, you have nothing. Considering the finicky audience and the trouble monetizing it, FB could very well pull a Friendster. There are plenty of other successful companies that weren't founded on fucking over everyone who helped in the early stages. Google for example. They didn't transfer the IP to a new corp after they realized it was a good idea. You don't get quotes in the NY Times like this every day: > "The redesign is intended to address a problem of social networking sites, which is that many user pages have the aesthetic appeal of a 14-year-old’s high-school locker." And the situation isn't so bad, MySpace is still trouncing FaceBook in revenue. You read wrong my friend: > Not all of reddit's code will be released, however. Huffman told me that while about 95 percent of reddit's code base is getting released at code.reddit.com under the CPAL license (the same one Facebook used to open source its own platform), including the rating algorithm that chooses which stories float to the front page http://code.reddit.com/browser/r2/r2/lib/db/sorts.py http://code.reddit.com/browser/r2/r2/lib/normalized_hot.py No it's not, it searches entire URLs, names, etc. So site.com/news will come up as well. I found the "awesome bar" entirely un-awesome as well. Probably not after the whole eBay fiasco. > © 2008 Copyright of Icahn Blog LLC All business. Always. But then you have to have the full domain, which is shitty. Defeats the purpose of having it search at all. I thought it was going to be about a system of being a dick to everyone you've ever done business with or who helped you early on, but this is almost as obvious. Unless you're huge you aren't going to connect directly in with the operators. There are too many and the implementation is hell. You connect into a middleman who has direct connections to all the majors. Search for premium SMS providers. There are quite a few. It's probably not going to be cheap, especially if you want a dedicated short code (they rake you over the coals for that). m-bill.net is one that came up for me and I've heard of them in the past. They have agreements in place internationally, which can be a really good thing. But they don't list prices, which can be a bad sign. Realistically you're probably looking at $1000 a month minimum. And giving up about half the revenue (I think a lot goes to the carrier, but you can't really find out the exact percentage because the providers work off volume and what not). That's not for PSMS though (which is what the OP was talking about, transactions and all that). Responding to users still is not PSMS. Whole different game. Apple isn't even in the smartphone market yet. You can't install apps. Yes, but not Valley hipsters so no one pays attention. SMS isn't even a big part of Twitter--most of their traffic goes through the API. It really is Twitter for links, they even have the uptime record! You should probably detect browsers because the .xpi I just downloaded does nothing for Safari. There's nothing about the page that says you need FireFox. Apparently they consider XSS a feature. That's a first! I've done it both ways and the customer service reps much prefer when it lets you know if the email was sent or not. Otherwise they get lots of calls from unhappy people who put in their old email address and didn't get their login info. It's a usability trade off. I think a good compromise is limiting to a few attempts within a time period. That way you won't get a dictionary attack, but if someone has to try a few email addresses they can. Why would you even want your account back? Facebook doesn't deserve your page views. The only data he really lost is messages and what not, which isn't too bad (I doubt many people store life critical data in their Facebook messages). Photos he should already have on his computer. It sounded to me that he wanted his Facebook account back so he could continue to use the site, not capture posts he made so they could be saved. Anyway, I'd treat it as a lesson learned. You have no recourse with a free service. Don't count on it as always being there. Especially for services like Facebook that are burning through crazy amounts of cash. Facebook could go away entirely tomorrow and the world wouldn't grind to a halt. Yea, he seems like a reasonable guy. Just make sure to not mention any business ideas in your email. Thanks for linking to a quote instead of the whole memo. http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/dayart/PDF/Gates/gatesmail15.p... - For companies trying to protect their trademark, the job just got [infinitely] harder. - It will be harder to tell you're being phished (apple.computer is a fake?) - Companies with half a million dollars to burn will now own TLDs and have an advantage over smaller companies - It means you now have to remember two pieces of information, the domain and the TLD - It's simply a money grab by ICANN - etc My guess is most traffic will stay at the current TLDs just like the recent ones haven't done much (.biz, .info, .mobi, etc). I'm assuming congrats for the $100m. That's something to be proud of. Google doing it isn't nearly the same as 10 million users doing it. In fact, this type of activity should be limited to search engines, not client-side apps. Except the part about (possibly artificially) not having enough supply for an absurd amount of time. You can only sell software to people with the hardware, it makes sense to get the hardware out there. Correct, but with billions of dollars at stake it seems like they should have been able to figure it out. They made almost $5 billion in cash last year. This isn't a little startup trying to do something scrappy. If I was an exec I would be concerned why my company can't figure out how to make enough widgets 1.5 years after launch. Every time I walk by the Wii shelf at Target it's empty. They sell for more than retail on eBay (and being bid on heavily). Demand isn't being met. Yea, but the OP is doing longer and more frequent (2hrs x 6d). That's hardcore. Without knowing the actual costs, it's impossible to answer. Usually consumer electronics get cheaper when you make more of them. I would have bought one if not two (for a gift) if they were available. Now I'm not buying any. They not only lose out on the unit sale, but all subsequent accessory and software sales. So even if making an extra 500k per month cost them marginally, they have 500k more possible sales for all their Wii software and accessories. I don't really care that much, it's just the first time I can remember this happening in CE. Companies usually wake up and fix supply issues. Nintendo of America is as confused as I am: http://www.joystiq.com/2008/04/24/nintendo-of-america-passio... Then raise the price. They are selling higher than list on eBay still, which shows things aren't quite balanced. Watch out, Zuck's gonna steal their spot! And without competent and effective executives you would have no company to work at. You both need each other. And how many stock options have engineers gotten? I bet Google has made more nerd millionaires than MBA millionaires. This is nothing but fluff. Amazon and PayPal already do this and (not surprisingly) it's not too popular. I'd rather just buy you a damn beer at the bar than send you a few bucks. I'd much prefer RFID inside mobile phones to catch on so that I can just do payments with it instead of cash/cards. PayPal and Amazon are extremely popular. Their mobile payment services, while quite easy to use, are not popular. I think PayPal even shuttered their SMS service and is keeping with the mobile site. Amazon's was actually a YCombinator startup (TextPayMe.com). If you're looking to pay your brother for ice cream, get on it: https://payments.amazon.com/sdui/sdui/productsServices?sn=mo... It's almost exactly what this clown thinks is going to make Twitter with a billion dollars, but already in existence and not worth a billion dollars. Oh and you can count on Amazon's service working for more than 10 minutes without going down. That's gotta be worth something. And technically it's still losing money hand over fist. But I'm with you, I think niche social networks have more money making potential actually. Linked In is a good example, they have been profitable for a while. You should really note what kind of shirts you're printing on. By the sizing chart it appears to be American Apparel (nice shirts, I wear one of theirs about every day). But I'm not going to buy a shirt, especially after the first few cheaper ones sell out, without knowing the specs. Then no one could choose a size. It's a tough printing job any way you slice it. Perhaps doing it in house would be a little faster, but that takes a lot of time and money. And it is seemingly getting slower. Lots of complaints about speed with the latest 1.2 release. CakePHP 1.2.0.7125 rc1 was used in the test, that's pretty current (rc2 is the latest). Having no problems with speed doesn't mean it's slow--you just might have pushed it beyond the three requests per second that it can handle. Decentralizing and API are coming soon apparently. The decentralized aspect through http://openmicroblogging.org/ Twitter as a platform was a shitty idea from the start. Imagine all blogs/subscriptions handled by one company. A group of big players and then the ability to host your own will make microblogging stable and popular. The problem with Twitter is that it's centralized. It's silly to get locked into a vendor and then be surprised when they can't meet your needs. Blogs aren't all hosted by one startup and neither should microblogs. And sadly it's not even close to large-scale yet. They only have a few hundred thousand users. It doesn't mean the largest installation is under 1,000. It means the largest all at once switch was 1,000 (at least that was publicized, these things aren't always). Switching from one platform to another is pretty rare. By some estimates, marijuana is the largest cash crop in the US. It's very much a local industry. (You probably don't have people in your neighborhood growing tobacco, but you almost certainly have people growing marijuana.) http://abcnews.go.com/Business/story?id=2735017&page=1 Fixed the link. Marijuana has a long history too. If it were legalized, the industry would be taxed just like tobacco. If tobacco was outlawed there would be underground tobacco farmers just like we have today with weed. It's silly to say tobacco is good because the farmers are good people who had parents who did the same thing. Their crop kills thousands of people. Weed kills no one. I'm for legalization of both, but by the numbers tobacco is the one we should be worried about. Seems to be an odd purchase. They already have access to all the data, how hard is it to write a simple search layer? Touche. But since Summize is tapping their API, they are already paying for Summize to scale. Fun how that works. I'm guessing you never baked before, but batches aren't one dozen and you can whip through them in short order. 240 cookies (er, biscuits) would be about 10 cycles if you have two half sheet pans. Depending on chill time (if any) you could knock through it in a regular home oven in three hours fairly easily. With some actual equipment and a helper, it would be half that. Bakeries make ridiculous amounts of baked goods and still time find to sell 'em. ... Graphs you pulled out of your ass. When someone claims they have the graphs to prove something, it is implied that they are backed up by something other than conjecture. There is going to be lot of crap to sift through. It would probably have been a better idea to let anyone distribute iPhone apps and then only include decent ones in the store. Stuff like Tom Peck's many novel apps (literally public domain novels made into an "application", one per app) don't make your platform look cutting edge. Anyone find anything really cool? Update: not sure why Apple let this through, but Tom got 43 novels posted as separate applications. That's a pretty high percentage of the total store! http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewArtist... Shout It is just as useful... This is the equivalent of allowing someone to post their first music lessons for sale on iTunes. No one wants to buy (or if it's free, download) your Hello World app. Show your mom, don't try and impress anyone else. http://phobos.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftwa... The podcast list is moderated, but fairly open. However the app store is a commercial entity and different quality measures should be expected. Much like how you can assume base quality measures for iTunes paid content (certain bit rate, perfectly legal, it comes with album art, it will really work on your iPod, etc etc). Since they are letting so much crap through it's pretty likely they aren't actually looking at all the apps. I gotta imagine Steve Jobs isn't going to smile when he sees 10% of the apps in his store are public domain books. One of the benefits of a walled garden is a base line of quality. I still haven't heard the customer service side of the app store. What kind of data do you get about your customers? How do you make paid updates? How do you do demo copies? Evaluation copies? Who decides when a customer gets a refund? Etc etc. Since it's Apple's merch account they have the last say, but to date they haven't said much to developers. An ebook reader might be a good app, but selling public domain books as individual apps feels like blog spam (actually even worse since there is money involved). Humorously he updated the post to highlight a comment that's "right on". A comment about a popular Rails site (insiderpages.com) that apparently handles high traffic with is. Except that it's unavailable at the moment. Right on indeed! You'd think no phone has ever had user-installable software on it. In fact reading the article you would never know that until yesterday the iPhone was almost the only phone you could buy that couldn't run 3rd party apps. I'm thinking about starting a subscriber's only website optimized for the iPhone that just shows a blank [white] web page. Why share revenue with Apple on this hot market vertical? But yea, you're right about underwhelming. I was surprised. I guess I shouldn't have been since half the apps they demoed at the keynote really should have been web pages (MLB, eBay, AP, TypePad, etc). What really surprised me is the UI of a lot of these apps. You can give a developer Interface Builder, but you can't make him a designer. I can't imagine using loopt. Anyone here a fan? I don't want anyone to be able to snoop in on my location let alone broadcast it. And then have a firm sell ads against it. But maybe I just need to start wearing another polo and I'll be in the target demo: http://www.flickr.com/photos/grahamb/2565911988/ Shit, someone beat me to the flash light web app: http://www.vflashlight.com/iphone/ It's not a subscriber site, but he asks for $5 donations ( http://www.vflashlight.com/ ). What the hell is wrong with people? OS X doesn't even really support FTP through the Finder... It's read only. A good substitute is MacFUSE and the SSH file system. Your server gets mounted as a disk (read and write!) and it's secure through SSH. If you want goodies like preferences there is a product called ExpanDrive that makes it pretty seamless. I believe the messages sent were from Loopt's shortcode so it wouldn't technically cost you money, but it would cost whoever received the message. But in general you shouldn't send a message to everyone in the phonebook by default. Especially without a confirmation page. You potentially just shared your location with bunches of people you don't want to know your location (exes, bosses, clients, etc). This is the kind of thing that could easily get their shortcode revoked which is why they reacted so swiftly. It's even better than that, both the sender and receiver pay. So if two iPhone users send a message to each other they either both get billed $.20 or both get 1 message deducted from their bucket for the payment period (unless there is an unlimited messaging plan). Up to $.40 to shuffle 160 characters around your own network is quite a haul. This study sounds way off. It was by NASA which means they were trying to tell a lawn from satellite. That's probably tough--having to discount natural grass land and farms (which there is a fair amount of) and accurately getting the percentage. Not to mention seeing through tree cover to see if there is grass below. There is a lot of green out there, not a whole lot of it is mowed lawns. 50,000 square miles is 1/70th of all land in the US including Alaska (3.5m sq mi total). If you've ever driven through the country, 1/70th is not a mowed lawn. You can drive for hundreds of miles without seeing a single one. If you discount Alaska the total is 1/58th. Looking another way that would be 32,000,000 acres of lawn. which comes out to 1/10 acre of lawn per person in the country. At first that seems more reasonable, 1/10th of an acre isn't a lot, but that's per person not household. A 4-person family comes to 4/10 of an acre--a decent sized lot. And since there are large numbers of people with no lawn the number increases for people who actually do (10m in NYC without one means 10m other people would need twice as much space, etc). I found the study in question: http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Study/Lawn/ And does admit the limitations: > The satellites that can identify such small areas only observe small areas at a time, and the images they collect are expensive. So the author of the study created an equation and plugged in some numbers. Hardly actual research. The actual methodology is cute, check the sat for lights at night and then predict how "urban" it is and that means there is less lawn. (Though ironically on her map NYC is the highest concentration of lawn in America.) Too bad the results don't pass a reality check. She claims more lawn than farm, which is absurd (the CIA World Factbook shows the US at 18.01% arable land which is a cool 600,000 sq mi). They were obviously losing money. You don't sell out for 15 times less than what your VCs have put in if you're banking. ... And he's not even in the US. He's in the Ukraine. Excellent news. I just bid a new Django project today and this will be a great help. http://rockstartup.com/ and it's just as embarrassing as it sounds. Update: forgot to mention http://www.mojohd.com/mojoseries/startupjunkies/ which you can watch online if you're not one of the 53 people who get Mojo (I'm number 24, but I still have no idea when the show is on). http://www.earthclassmail.com/ does a similar thing, but a bit more hardcore (your mail goes to them first). They are featured in a TV show called Startup Junkies on MoJo HD. http://www.mojohd.com/mojoseries/startupjunkies/ I like this method though, at least as a choice, since I can keep my address. I wouldn't be interested in joining until I can just return back the documents I want (most likely very few). Perhaps eschewing returns could get me another envelope to send stuff in? My Gmail inbox would disagree with you. At the moment I have 9 desktop applications open and only 1 web application open (and I'm writing it!). Desktop apps certainly have their place. And his point is that the longest serving for the majors are obscenely over paid. That's why Southwest makes money and Delta loses it (not just pilots, but that's a good place to start). I find the "Steve’s health is a private matter" line a bit odd. According to the SEC it's not a private matter. His health directly impacts $150B in AAPL shares. My health is private because I don't have billions of dollars in other people's money counting on it. I could definitely see some new rules being put in place sometime in the near future. Steve Jobs is absolutely critical to Apple and a serious disease should be an obvious material disclosure. Not all CEOs are so vital, but Steve Jobs has tens of billions of dollars invested in his well being, it would be borderline fraud to be hiding a career threatening disease. Not to mention an insider trading nightmare. I agree, but no one is requiring him to be the CEO of a public company. He shouldn't have to post his blood tests on the web, but something like an annual checkup would be reasonable. Athletes do it before they get signed. Politicians do it before running. Pilots have to do it every year. Etc etc. Right now he could be dying (I don't think he is) and the board/investors are just counting on Steve to let them know. That's not cool especially after he showed them he wasn't willing to do that the first time (going on for months with natural treatments and waiting to the last possible time to disclose that he was very seriously ill). If anyone was actually curious how these scripts worked the .py files were right there... Open in an editor instead of running through Python. Not exactly a secret. It's not everything though. Dan Marino had a famously low Wonderlic--15. It's definitely believable when you hear him speak, but he still got it done in amazing fashion on the field. There's a big list here (it's a SWF and takes a while to load, but is very interesting): http://www.macmirabile.com/wonderlic.htm What a coward. Update: Go ahead and mod me down, but a spammer breaks out of jail (on a light 21 month sentence in minimum security) only to murder his wife and toddler aged child on his way out. That is an amazing display of cowardice. > Mr. Jobs called me. “This is Steve Jobs,” he began. “You think I’m an arrogant [expletive] who thinks he’s above the law, and I think you’re a slime bucket who gets most of his facts wrong.” I never get tired of personal accounts of dealing with Steve Jobs. Every story I know has a few expletives and some awkward parts that only someone like SJ could pull off. > How many times do you think Jobs rehearsed that opening line before he dialed (or had Katie Cotton dial for him)? I’d say he practiced it one hundred times. I'd say he didn't practice it at all. I don't think SJ is the kind of guy who has to practice a line like that--that's who he is. Searching Cuil for 'cuil' results in a lot of hits, none being their site. Searching Google for 'cuil' has them up at number one, plus news results from today's PR bash. That's a big ball of fail. Hackers are not limited to working with computers. What do you think chefs do in the kitchen when working on new dishes? It's hacking. http://www.spreeder.com/plugins.php The link wasn't even about cookery. It was about a chef (hacker) talking about his business (startup). Quite interesting actually. There is much to be learned outside the valley. Correct, but it's phrased as if he's alive. Which helps make it sound more fishy than it really is (not fishy at all). > I am saying please please don't mind me, and go ahed and have fun. You already said you'd make "chef dude" pick out the meat. That requires him to mind you and cater to your lifestyle. He said he won't, that you should eat somewhere else. He's standing behind his food and that should be applauded. If restaurants were required by law to serve vegetarian dishes, you would have a point. But luckily that's not the case. I don't eat sea food, so if friends are going to a sea food restaurant I either opt not to go or make arrangements to eat before or after. It's not a big deal, I am not going to try and have the kitchen whip up something else because I can't deal with their menu. There are people with serious food allergies, so much so that they will die if they eat certain foods, but restaurants are not required to make available optional dishes for all possible patrons (for you it's veggies, for someone else it's gluten for someone else it's peanuts, etc etc etc). No one can please everyone. If you can't eat the food, just don't go. Looking at that project's website, I probably would have spent it on a designer / copy editor. I think Three Mile Island and Chernobyl have a lot more to do with it. The key details for us is pricing and here it is (it matches PayPay for most transactions and beats 'em for tiny transactions): For Transactions >= $10: 2.9% + $0.30 for all transactions Volume Discounts 2.5% + $0.30 for all transactions for monthly payment volume from $3k-$10k 2.2% + $0.30 for all transactions for monthly payment volume from $10k - $100k 1.9% + $0.30 for all transactions for monthly payment volume over $100k For Transactions 5.0% + $0.05 for all transactions https://payments.amazon.com/sdui/sdui/business?sn=cba/o This seems workable for micropayments. A $1 charge would result in $.10 fees. 10% yes, but with something like PayPal the fees would be 33%. They had been in limbo since January, it's not exactly a quick adaptation. > As we walked through Fullerton’s downtown, Weev told me about his day — he’d lost $10,000 on the commodities market, he claimed — and summarized his philosophy of “global ruin.” “We are headed for a Malthusian crisis,” he said, with professorial confidence. “Plankton levels are dropping. Bees are dying. There are tortilla riots in Mexico, the highest wheat prices in 30-odd years.” He paused. “The question we have to answer is: How do we kill four of the world’s six billion people in the most just way possible?” He seemed excited to have said this aloud. Wait, is this article about reddit users? What kind of sites let you "upload banking card photos"? That sounds really bush league. Regardless, Sun needs to get on the ball and start respecting the mimetype. There are a large number of sites that don't. I coded a photo gallery for a group of Photoshop users and it was required to not change the photo uploads unless they were out of the max size spec. They like the images to look exactly like they exported them out of Photoshop. They don't use Euros in London. The paintings are bolted to the wall so they don't fall, not for theft. There's an inventory taken when the room gets turned over, so if it's missing the customer is billed. Sort of like those $10 packs of cookies in the mini-bar. My guess is that vacuuming a room just doesn't take that long and it would take forever to make a Roomba cost effective. Step up? It has 1/4th the speed and 1/8th the range. I dig the no-hands version, but at that speed and range it would be much quicker to just walk. An alpha of PHP doesn't belong anywhere near something like Dreamhost. Install it locally, hack around and report the bugs. That's a valid point, but is the same for Mac OS X. You have even more personal information on your desktop. Thankfully we're not limited to a single source for Mac OS X apps. He's a skinnier version of Billy Mays. They are both loaded (Mays almost unfathomably so, he drives around in a Rolls). It's seems unethical for a potential investee to try and trick people that like. They are supposed to be partners! There's that and the fact that while you do hear this advice a lot, chef's (at least ones that actually cook) and busy line cooks typically walk into work with a knife case. It isn't filled with $20 knives. If you're using a tool for many hours a day, it pays to have a really nice tool. Even if it's only marginally nicer, that margin adds up. (It may never add up for the home cook, but that's another debate.) But if you're making an order to fill out your kitchen, it's no surprise the cheap but fully functional knives will be ordered. $20 * 10 is a lot easier to justify than $100 * 10. And that's one of their cheaper services. http://www.nngroup.com/services/platformguidelines.html Thanks for the summary, I stopped reading too quickly to grok that. But they don't all have different development environments. J2ME takes a huge chunk. There are thousands of existing apps, this just makes distro easier. Unless you were a big firm you probably weren't getting on the deck (and even then it wasn't easy). If T-Mobile does it right it will be easy to target a specific platform (Sidekick, BlackBerry, etc) for apps that use features unique to certain platforms. No one has a real track record for doing it right, but there's always a chance. WordPress is really inefficient query wise out of the box. The caching stuff really speeds stuff up, but there's no reason why a fresh install takes 20 queries to load a post. Add a few fun plug-ins into the mix and you can see why WP sites often take a dive when hit with unexpected traffic. He who pays the $900m makes the rules. Your point is valid, but your math is wildly inaccurate. > Above that, we're talking about installing 25,000 boxes into racks and configuring them all. No, it would mean installing 25 boxes (100,000 people / 4,000 users per server = 25 servers). And that means your power estimate is off by x1000 as well. I got tired of the screens being at different heights, so I got one of these. Also keeps the desk looking sharp. http://www.griffintechnology.com/products/elevator You've obviously never used an E Ink display before. The iPhone cannot seriously compete in this space. Is the name 'apostrophree' a typo itself? There are no hits on Google besides this article. It seems way more efficient to have something like this running server side by whoever is hosting the content. This is something like charging for a spelling/grammar checker to read documents. As long as the publisher had a good editor I shouldn't have to pay for one. That does make more sense, but there are so many stupid ideas that get funding it makes it tough to spot. That final solution was trash. Decouping can be helpful. For me the biggest is using third-party code. I can have my own URL structure for someone else's app and the views (in Django, aka controllers in Rails) don't change. Having to change every method just to fit into my site structure would be a nightmare. And I don't see a need to tie URLs to my methods, they're not always being called by a URL anyway. Knowing about available parameters is again not a problem in Django, they are in the method definition. I was pretty sure this was the case with Rails anyway. And as Chris already mentioned, you can have multiple routes if they are decoupled. Twitter 404s for a whole other set of reasons. But this site isn't Twitter, because it has been acquired: > ... and it was acquired not so long ago for a figure with 9 digits I'd charge when people need to use it. Or at least have that as an option. That might lead to a lot of installs (it's free insurance), but if your laptop gets stolen it's not a big deal to pay $200 to get your data. And of course that seems more legit than free (I would never sign up for this thing as is, you don't explain who you are or why you're providing this service. Charging only if you can recover data makes you stand behind your product more though. I'd trust a service more if they put their revenue where their mouth is. > About the IP address, I would probably find out the ISP and then email the ISP. Realistically, I think that's the best you can do in many cases. The police have better things to do than track down the odd stolen laptop. You don't seem fairly motivated to recover the laptop (nor even have a real plan), that's not a good quality for such a service. There are plenty of other competitors in the space and they are very enthusiastic about working with the police. A few great success stories are priceless in marketing value. In general, you should be very very specific about what your software does and what you'll be able to do in case of a reported stolen laptop. It's essentially spyware, so you need to be very up front. Ironically I bet a lot of that is because of all the illegal content on YouTube. They needed it to remain pretty separate for their lawsuit defenses. I think his problem is that he programs in Frontier and he hasn't built any support for JSON. Library support is a rough spot when you write your own programming language, develop in it exclusively, and happen to be one of the only people in the world developing in it. He created his own XML spec for XML-RPC and wants everyone to use that instead of JSON. Except they don't tell all the rules. They are making judgement calls and removing apps that adhere to the TOS. You're right, it's much easier to detect TOS violations and yet they are still failing to do so. If the description of an app is in clear violation and it still gets posted, what are the odds that they will catch an app that sends the developer everyone's contact list? I didn't see baseless hype/analysis anywhere in the definition. Well INHD hasn't existed for a while, so I don't think there will be much confusion. I'm going to go ahead and say no. AppJet has been around a year and is nearly invisible. The most popular app on AppJet gets a massive 1300 weekly users and is completely worthless ( http://appjet.com/app/799084449/source ). Server executed JavaScript may have a future in web development, but I don't see AppJet being it. It's available from the regular version of the page too--just scroll to the bottom like you do on the cache: http://www.experts-exchange.com/OS/Microsoft_Operating_Syste... Interestingly it seems to be based on a referrer. It worked when I clicked the link from Google, not when I clicked it from here. Why are these clowns still in Google's index anyways, cloaking isn't allowed. It's contingent on a Google referrer. They should be removed from the index. Compare these: curl -e http://www.experts-exchange.com/OS/Microsoft_Operating_Systems/Windows/XP/Q_21692879.html?qid=21692879 > without_google.html curl -e http://www.google.com http://www.experts-exchange.com/OS/Microsoft_Operating_Systems/Windows/XP/Q_21692879.html?qid=21692879 > with_google.html And Daring Fireball is always full of animosity against anyone against Apple. Are they sponsored by Apple? Alas, fan boys need no corporate sponsorship to throw dirt from the trenches. Since Blockbuster is losing money and Netflix is making it, it's not just the suits deciding the reality of the business. Anyone can make a chart putting themselves in a good light. The reality is the movie industry is changing and Blockbuster's model is being left out. The last movie I rented was on iTunes, it was way more enjoyable than getting in the car and going to look through the selection of a local store. I don't ever see going to a video rental store again. > Am I missing something? Yes, the retail rental market is plunging and has tons of fixed costs. The online retail market is surging and much higher profit potential (no retail space, much much fewer employees, etc). Additionally the fixed costs for the online rental market are dropping, namely servers and bandwidth, but also the hardware to make set top box devices. What's so good about Blockbuster that I'm going to get off my couch and drive to a store if I can get the same product instantly with little more that moving my remote? They have a serious problem looming. What's wrong with a text message saying, "running late". That's usually even one of the templates included with cheap phones. No app necessary and it will almost surely be faster. Will the site double as a coffee table in case you don't have a coffee table? My friends don't pay for individual texts, but I see your point. (Even though an app like this would likely have to use SMS in the background anyway. And if you're friends aren't hip enough to have an SMS plan, what are the odds they are all going to have smartphones and this little app running? Approaching nil.) I do take issue with the slow and inconvenient part. It's real time and much less distracting than a phone call. If you stick with it for a few days you can type messages at a surprising rate and it really is faster than a phone call. You don't stop what someone's doing and take over when you send someone a text message. SMS has the convenience of email and the immediacy of a phone call. How can you not figure out how to make a new Wordpress theme (HTML/CSS) but yet roll your own which will obviously include a theme of its own (HTML/CSS)? While I agree a basic blog system is not hard to write, I think the author just wanted to write his own to be able to talk about it. Making a new theme was one of the first things I did with Wordpress years ago. It took all of five minutes to see how it was done and put the design I had into its own theme. His design is very unoriginal anyway, there's probably even a pre-made theme for WP that would have worked. > For those Mac users who think BBEdit is better than Textmate, it’s usually because BBEdit is a Cocoa application, and TextMate is a Unix application. False. TextMate is a Cocoa app and BBEdit is Carbon. Eh, the genealogy side is more likely than trying to promote wholesome activities. That's no different than any other consumer-focused software. Easier in that you don't have to setup a payment gateway, but you'll also be 26% less rich for that perk. He's definitely a Mac guy, but I can't blame him. For $10m I'd promote cigarettes to cute at-risk kids. There were various Macs through the years, including a SE/30, PowerMac 6100 and a Duo with Dock. The last one I remember was a 20th Anniversary, but that's so easily recognizable there may have been one after that I'm missing. IIRC, in one of the DVD commentaries they talked about the Macs and noted that none of them were paid for by Apple, that's just what they used (or something to that effect). Sort of like his Superman promotions. That's nothing about Django, it's just having an instance running. At 10¢ an hour it adds to $2.40 a day. You make it sound like Geo-Django was written in lieu of working on other features. Geo-Django is a contrib app and was championed by Justin Bronn who isn't a core contributor. It was included because it's very helpful to some people and if you ever need GIS stuff you'll be thankful to Justin. If you don't need it you'll notice nothing different--don't import anything inside of django.contrib.gis and you won't even experience feature bloat. Most people don't use all of the contrib apps on every site, but it's nice that they are there when you need them. It's hosted at Media Temple, so it looks like it's a VPS. Continue to cash in on the 30% I'd assume. Since they partnered with a VC firm just for iPhone apps, I'm guessing they are not anti-bubble. Conversely it could be a 500GB cap in 2 years. Bandwidth gets cheaper and faster. My cable modem is twice the speed it used to be and doesn't cost more. For that you need the Ron Paul Filter. It's also a good example of how to not quote a Craigslist article. His use of the pre tag and ghastly CSS means an absurd amount of side scrolling. The key is consistency, in OS X cancel always reverses the last action without side effects. I find the OS X way much more clear. Microsoft agrees, see Windows Vista. Except that it would be illegal. There are a lot more profitable illegal "startups" out there. You probably don't live in hurricane country. When there is a storm bearing down it's the most important thing in the world to potentially millions of people. One of our local papers teamed up with these guys and were linking them quite a bit (perhaps in a frame, I don't remember) when Fay was coming our way. It's a handy site. So perhaps a limited demographic, but hurricanes are huge news a few times a year and as such get a lot of mindshare. Nice, that's probably what the St Pete Times was using when I first saw you guys. Many clients do have that feature. Mail.app has "Bounce" in the contextual menu. Another handy one in there that's not often used (or always duplicated) is redirect. Did you not know that two of your main programs weren't available for OS X? Guessing by your use of MAC you didn't research much. Same for the defrag, there are several utilities that can do that for you (or you can just copy back and forth from a backup drive). iDefrag is a popular one, but I've never used any as I have plenty of free space and fragmentation's not an issue for me. > If you are a good Linux/Windows user, you'll find that Mac OS X is a loss of time I don't doubt this is true for you, but I fail to see your logic. Mac OS X offers the power of Linux with vastly better user experience. OS X lets you do all the powerful *nix stuff but at the same time saves you from having to hunt for drivers and do tons of configuration. There's definitely something to be said for Linux, but time savings isn't one of those things. These will be the first sysadmins that get their own series on Discovery or History. You'd be surprised at the loot some of these mental midgets pull down. I'm doing some programming for a firm that does stuff in the same realm (training/seminars to people who have big dreams) and they had a speaker at an internet training conference in town this weekend... $700 to be there and it was sold out, 150 people or so. And it's all basic BS about how to set up a site, affiliate programs, AdSense, collecting emails, etc. If you can convince people they can get rich, you will definitely get rich in the process. There are three in the slides (Christine Perkett, Kel Kelly and Lois Paul)... That's higher than average than the number of female CEOs in business, especially tech. They just need to work on getting consumers educated more than T9 did. It's amazing how many times I have explained and demo'd T9 to people--vast numbers of people just don't get it and use multi-tap instead. After a couple of minutes T9 is way faster, but there is usually no tutorial and people get frustrated when it's not doing what they think it should (multitap). Multi-language support is tough, but some implementations are better than others (there are lots of different versions of T9, you're just stuck with whatever your phone has). The latest version of T9 has support for using multiple languages at once, but most phone makers don't advertise what version of T9 they ship. You can always opt out. Call up your carrier and say you never want to receive a text message and you never will receive a text message. Fantastic! Now if I could only get the Linux app to work with my Aspire One I'll be in heaven (libgio-2.0.so.0 is a missing dependency). The difference being you don't have to be on the official carrier deck to sell an app for BlackBerry/Symbian/Windows Mobile. You have to be on the App Store to sell an iPhone app. The problem is they are denying apps that aren't crap and accepting ones that are. On top of that the App Store is the only way to sell your app, so if they deny your app you have no chance at success. If the app store were more like the music store and was a non-exclusive sales channel it wouldn't be that big of a deal. Ad Hoc isn't what companies are supposed to use. Ad Hoc is for developers and classroom situations. The solution for the enterprise is another distribution method all together that's not publicly available (only for companies > 500). http://developer.apple.com/iphone/program/distribute.html And as for little known, I have no idea why they went for that angle. Steve Jobs presented all three methods in his keynote. Ad Hoc is used by almost all developers, but has very very limited use outside of that (thanks to the 100 user cap, which is utter bullshit). Too bad Stormpulse can't actually get their money... http://tipjoy.com/faq/#q8 Why can't I withdraw cash from my Tipjoy account? There are legal implications to allowing this transaction which we are currently working through. We expect that you will be able to withdraw cash very soon. In the meantime, if you have a minimum of $5 in your account after removal of applicable fees, then you can do the following with your earnings: Donate to any official charity you'd like Purchase an Amazon gift card Any idea what the legal hangups are? Trying to avoid being part of the regulated banking industry? They have been around a while and not letting people have their money seems like a huge deal breaker to me (I wouldn't have launched the site without it honestly). But California is one of the most aggressive alternative energy promoting states. They are motivated: > California offered incentives worth about $15 million and possibly more. That includes waiving rent for the first 10 years of the 40-year lease on the San Jose property and waiving state sales tax on $100 million worth of equipment. If it was just personal emails you'd be right, but she broke the law and conducted state business with her Yahoo account. While it was reported before, this confirms it. I'd say since she routinely used her Yahoo account for state business it should be public, just like her main account. Wow, did you wake up on the wrong side of the bed today? For the record lots of politicians have been caught using personal email accounts for business and I think the same for all of them. The entire reason her email account was hacked was that she was caught using it for state business. If she hadn't skirted the law the email address wouldn't have been known and it wouldn't have been hacked. I do not know the politics of the hacker, but evading public scrutiny by using private email for public matters is not a political issue--it's wrong no matter the party. The Washington Post has a piece about Palin's email policies, which include CCing her husband on state business: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/09... Employees of major corporations would be fired for the same behavior (Sarbanes-Oxley has 'em all shit scared--destroying evidence like she did is major jail time). Time agrees that using this un-archived email system is indeed a crime: http://www.time.com/time/politics/article/0,8599,1842097,00.... > The Alaska Governor could also face charges for conducting official state business using her personal, unarchived e-mail account (a crime), with some critics accusing her of skirting freedom-of- information laws in doing so. The size is way off for me. Tried on my Mac Book Pro's 15" screen and the batteries are huge, a good 50% bigger than real life. I'd imagine you would need to get screen size and DPI to accurately resize the images. Perhaps you could have a sample image (like the AA batteries) along with a slider to allow the user to set the exact ratio. Ever try making pizza on it? Flip it over, stick it in the oven as high as it will go and then after it gets NASA hot (this is a good time to have your dough warm up from a nice slow rise in the fridge) just slide your pie on. It will cook up in 3-5 minutes and come out tasting surprisingly legit. Cast iron is the deal. You can't get avian flu from eating an infected bird. You can't get avian flu from an infected person. You can only get it from a live bird (and even then it's rare). The hysteria was preliminary--on the off chance that it mutates for person-to-person infections. Cooking chicken to 350C will result in charcoal, but will have done nothing to prevent avian flu as it was not a risk before. Just marketing. I've got a similar size pan. Since they cook up quickly it's not hard to make a couple if you have to feed more people. I whipped out six the other day to feed a bunch of people. Also, I use corn meal on the bottom of the crust so it slides nicely from my cutting board to the pan. Other than that I think it's pretty hard to screw up. Safari might not report it, because I haven't changed anything (I wouldn't even know where to change that in Safari). I checked in FireFox and it was much closer to reality. Update: Safari does report it, so it looks to be another issue. Perhaps a bug in the scaling for Safari? Good to see them being up front about it. I've been a long time T-Mobile customer, they have always been fair. The data plan pricing is right too, a good amount cheaper than the iPhone (especially when you factor in the included messaging). Almost every phone on the market besides the iPhone can run an app without walled garden approval. I think it will be OK. I don't want my desktop apps being filtered any more than I want my mobile apps to be filtered. A filter for their store is not objectionable. My objection is that they require all apps to go through their store. It should be like Mac apps and anyone could make one (and distribute it), but not anyone gets listed on Apple's downloads page. If Apple or Microsoft tried to pull this shit on the desktop they would be massacred. I would stop using OS X immediately. Well since they said in the presser this morning that tethering would not be allowed, that's not going to be the case. There is a great solution... Only accept high quality apps but then let developers distribute on their own. That way all the stupid repackaged public domain books can be sold, but don't have to litter the app store. I chuckle at guys like you at the grocery checkout. Eat fresh food, it beats any "healthy packages" you can find. They had a tour of the boat on 60 Minutes during a profile of Perkins. Really high tech, it's almost completely automated with custom software. Another interesting bit is the amount of carbon fiber, Perkins claims that besides the Airforce he is the largest purchaser of CF. http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2007/11/01/60minutes/main3442... I think the struggles are almost all related to the rendering differences in browsers. That's what makes it (especially CSS) such a pain in the ass. Large markets are great, but as a developer I avoid markets where I will have no idea if I can launch my product until I spend the time to develop it. It doesn't matter how big the market is if Papa Steve says I can't play in his sandbox. Either you're buying a gift for pg or you're really paranoid. Maybe both? I'm reading this on an Aspire One. The screen is plenty for most sites (1024x600). Even with its small size there is space in the case to make the screen quite a bit larger and I expect that will happen in the future. > There isn't much difference in the portability of a 15" laptop and a 10" one. Neither can be pocketed; both need a laptop case. I own a Mac Book Pro and bought an Aspire One primarily because I was tired of lugging around the MBP. There is a huge difference. It's hard to realize until you have both, but the MBP feels giant and I hardly move it now. One thing I bet they will do in future revs is up the video power so you can hook it into larger external screens--the VGA out to my 24" doesn't look so hot. I don't get close to that battery life with my MPB ( maybe 3 when the batteries were new), but even then there are plenty of netbooks in that range. Some Eee PCs are rated up to 7. Same with some Aspire Ones. Basically any that advertise a 6-cell battery will have plenty of juice. Fun facts: the MBP battery is about half the size of my [whole] netbook, not far from the weight and most amazingly a replacement MBP battery costs 40% of the price of the netbook. That statement is equally true for nearly everything Gruber writes. I'd appreciate if he offered a "skip to conclusion" link. Wait, I'll save you time: "Apple is badass." Size, weight and expense of replacement. It's a great computer, don't get me wrong, but netbooks are a whole other level of portability. Low replacement cost is a really good feature for a mobile and helps me appreciate the small size and weight more. For example, if I go somewhere with my MBP it stays with me at all times. That's a huge pain in the ass sometimes, the last time I was in Vegas I had the MBP on my shoulder for 4 days straight. But if I go somewhere with my Aspire One I don't feel bad about leaving it in the glove box or whatever. I wouldn't make a netbook my main computer until they get a bit more power (especially VRAM), but it makes a great accessory. I have used it a lot more than I thought I would. It's quite popular when I have people over too, which is nice because I don't have to worry about what's running on my main computer (shell sessions and what not). If someone wants to drink and YouTube there's now a laptop sitting on the coffee table at all times. Probably not for everyone, but a very high percentage of people who have used mine expressed interest in getting one. Wouldn't be surprised if a few already bought one. Don't. Use a gateway that can do this for you. Authorize.net does this pretty easily. The API is called Customer Information Manager and you can store not only CC, but billing info. Makes it easy to do lots of advanced stuff (it's a good option for recurring billing when you want lots of control). http://www.authorize.net/solutions/merchantsolutions/merchan... It can easily kill your server. The last thing you want to do while having high traffic is kill your stats. You can think ahead and cache your pages, but you can't cache your self-hosted real time stats. There are few people that I would rather see fall into a fiery downfall of fail more than Zuckerberg. Maybe he'll wise up and take the cash before it's too late. No "best of class" publication tries to operate under such an edict. It's absurd when you think about it. The Wall Street Journal breaks some killer stories, but also reports on all of the day's news. If they didn't no one would subscribe, they'd wait to hear about the exclusives from someone else who provided all the news. More over, these publications practice actual journalism and go get the news instead of waiting to be briefed by some web 2.0 jack ass "exec". SMS will be fine, more popular than ever even. SMS advertising/marketing to VZW customers may have some trouble, which I'm not mad about. It quite obviously does not. Who would they send the bill to? http://vimperator.mozdev.org/ He should start a webmail service--imagine trying to give out an email address @☃.net. And they still take the biggest Federal handout per capita... Such a scam. How is it easier? FiveThirtyEight has all that electoral-vote does and a lot more. You can just go and check the map, but you can also see a lot more data. Yes, it's a glass trackpad. It's also a physical button. This was made clear in the presentation, in the description on Apple.com and in a video also on Apple.com. Here's the video, you can see the button go up and down: http://www.apple.com/macbook/#designvideo This is simply an ad for Engine Yard. Gmail came out of the system they were already using internally. No and BitTorrent doesn't look like a company either. The best solution here is to just not allow HTML, require all markup to be Markdown. It's not hard to do and is actually a feature in the Python Markdown module. I had to make a public form Markdown compatible the other day in a Django project, it's brain-dead easy: {{ foo|markdown:"safe" }} No need to link to the Crunch Gear spam. http://www.buy.com/prod/acer-aspire-one-aoa110-1955-1-6ghz-5... I have this machine and love it. Hell of a deal. I don't have an EeePC so I am probably not the best to compare, but at the $300 price point the Aspire One looks to smoke it. I can't imagine it has better build quality, the Aspire One is really solid. Here's the EeePC I found for the same price: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000ZLSXJO/prsboos It has a 7" screen, 800MHz Celeron, 4GB SSD, etc. The specs aren't even close. I think screen is the most important, there is a huge difference between the 1024x600 that the Aspire One has and the 800x480 of the EeePC. That shows as $325.99 for me... That's interesting, you must have been selected for a promo price or something fun. I checked through the AWS API and it's $325.99 there. But then from a free web proxy it showed as $299 and being fulfilled from a third party named MOBILESHARK. Maybe it's geography? It's a deal at either price point, I bought one off Amazon last month for $329.99 (though while I got the same model, it was from Amazon directly so it qualified for Amazon Prime and I got free 2-day shipping). Update: figured it out--I see the $299.99 pricepoint from MOBILESHARK when viewing Amazon.com while not signed in. That's curious. But since it has $16.99 shipping, there's not much of a difference (it's free from Amazon). But then everyone could get into his house... :) Or that planes travel at 7-15x the speed of cars... The real stat is fatalities per 100m passenger miles and planes lead significantly (a factor of several hundred). It's much cleaner to have it taken care of in Django than through mod_rewrite. For one all of your URL routing will still work. In your setup using {% url %} or reverse() wouldn't work. I still manage to get spam from China on a site with subdomains. It would actually be a feature if I could easily block all of China. Because their goal wasn't to lay out professional documents in a text area. The Rails crew has a chubby for Prototype. Sorry for stating the obvious, but VC is a big risk that only rarely pays off. The VC bets on Facebook weren't because of a business model they have, it was on that they will be able to find one that works on a huge scale. Sort of like Google and AdWords. It's all unproven at the moment and the valuations were simply based on the number of users. We'll get the $100 laptop and it won't come from OLPC. Profit makes the world go 'round. The problem isn't editorial control of their store, it's that their store is the only means to distribute a public app. If they allowed you distribute an app on your own (like you do for desktop apps) it wouldn't be a big deal when an app isn't accepted. He has been open with his support for Obama. But he's a numbers guy, I don't see where his math is biased. Likewise, he's a Cubs fan but his baseball research isn't slanted towards the Cubbies. Your link just says because Nate Silver talks about Obama in his blog the site is a propaganda tool. People don't visit for the blog, they visit for the numbers and research. Personally I think it would be the other way around, if he were also a popular Obama blogger but did FiveThirtyEight anonymously that could be considered sinister (it still wouldn't be unless the model was proven wrong, but there would be a perception of deception). I've seen him a couple times on HDNET and he's extremely clever. I'll be watching him tonight instead of the hacks they put up on the major networks. While I'm sure it's tricky to send and crunch that much data in real-time, it ended up looking really bad. Amateur hour. There was a giant blue fringe around her the whole time. The Star Trek "beam in" effect to start the interview didn't help. To top it off it was nothing like a hologram--it was all virtual. Wolf was just looking at a TV monitor off set like he would with any other remote interview. Maybe I'm missing something, but the suggested HD examples still look like shit. Because it's illegal worldwide and is one of the few activities that can guarantee quick action from the authorities. > if I actually had $100 for every time someone wanted me to make them a website for $100 I'd be rich by now. Guess you should have taken them up on the offer then? Sounds like you'd be rich. It was merely a joke, I completely got your point. You on the other-hand did manage to miss my entire point. Heh, no harm no foul. I don't understand the whole down-vote thing, but at least it's not as bad here as it is at reddit. Frontier has been dead for five years, but that hasn't stopped Dave. To say he's out of touch is an understatement. I cook every day (it's pretty much a hobby) and almost always spend less than that per month for food. That includes cooking for other people at least once a week and odd recipe experiments. No shortage of meat either... I just finished off a package of chicken tonight that cost $4 and lasted five meals, including one with another person. I'm having people over for tacos this weekend, pork butt was on sale for $1.50/lb today. One pound of meat makes quite a few tacos, they'll be cheaper than Taco Bell's. And carnitas rules, it will taste like a million bucks. I usually buy what's on sale as it's a good way to stay out of rut, I just make whatever works well with what I bought. Now I could go buy a piece of kobe beef and spend the $150 in one trip, but for me it's more fun to come up with tasty meals from more basic (but yet good quality) ingredients. If I actually tried to spend as little as possible it could get really low and ramen wouldn't be involved. As I said, I usually buy what's on sale (it really is a good way to keep up variety). When chicken breast is on sale it's usually pretty good, in the $2-3.50/lb range which is about half off. Whole chicken is almost always economical. That said, there are a lot of other cuts of meat (pork chops, roasts, etc). After the holidays you'll be able to pick up turkey and ham really cheap. I got a ham last year and threw a party, it was ridiculously cheap and delicious. It's all about being flexible, if you're alright with going with the flow you can get away with spending much less than you'd think. It's a fun challenge for me and I've come up with some fun recipes as a result. That said, I do splurge where it counts--good quality olive oil, parmesan, fresh herbs, etc. At the end of the day I'm in it for a tasty meal, not a cheap meal. > We have a skeleton team of folks, one to two people on the site answering emails, deleting spam, that sort of stuff. That's pretty pathetic. Digg has a huge staff, what's everyone doing if they can't get more than one or two people to watch the content? He still has a phone. Point taken, but if I was the President and people would stop mid-sex to take my calls and I had a staff to screen incoming calls, I'd probably warm up to the phone. The law's a bit unfair that all email is public record but no phone calls are, until that changes I don't expect a President to be a big emailer. I wonder where text messages fall, public record? That's not surprising at all, all Hulu content has advertising. It tilts long-form too, so there are more ads you can watch in a 20 minute TV show or 2 hour movie than 20-seconds of a panda sneezing. They aren't considered evil for providing everything they think you want, they are considered evil for [formally] exploiting a monopoly. Or scenario #3 where Flash is alright speed wise and users don't notice it much except that websites work as they are expected to (namely embedded videos). Flash hasn't taken over either web or desktop app development in any platform, it wouldn't do that for iPhone either. An application you can download? Maybe I missed something, but it looks like a CMS for live content, not a desktop app. At least they have a hell of an educational discount. Probably the biggest I have seen. SubEthaEdit's collaboration engine is licensable (Coda has it), so it's possible something like TextMate could go there. I'd also like to see a Windows package get it because that's a pretty big limitation with SubEthaEdit at the moment. If he ran GM they wouldn't need a bailout in the first place. I think he could make it profitable. He's making cash in the airline business ($90m last quarter), which isn't exactly an outperforming sector. The car business isn't hard to make money in, it's just the big three that are fuck ups. Reason number 245 why Justin.tv won't be able to sell advertising. Slashdot, news.yc, and Reddit don't involve kids broadcasting video out of the bedroom. With Slicehost now being owned by Rackspace, they are more likely to stick around for a while which is nice if you're into that sort of thing. But they are both fantastic, can't go wrong. We'll find out later if they were wise. If it can't be monetized they will get $0. That could very well be the same for Facebook though, it will be interesting to see how it works out. Who knew they had actual people doing customer services... I have only ever dealt with pseudo-related email template responses. I figured they engineered a solution to the people problem long ago. I agree, but there's also nothing of solid value for Twitter. They don't even have the servers. It's two absurd unproven valuations talking to each other. Comedy gold! My experience is with AdSense. It's a huge part of their business, you'd think there would be real people for every point of contact. It's disconcerting to get a response from a robot when there are thousands of dollars at stake. They definitely need to launch the paid version, but I wouldn't worry too much about your files getting lost. Pretty much by definition you should always have at least one backup of your files. Worst case and they close tomorrow, you still have all your stuff. Update: They already have paid plans, $99/year for 50GB. https://www.getdropbox.com/plans Version control for bills would be quite interesting. They didn't link to the same address as you, all are slightly different. The Wayback machine isn't close to real-time. If by anywhere you mean a small part of one country, then you would be correct. Update: The title has been changed, it originally said that this year there were no acorns anywhere. Except people don't post online that they have acorns. It's sort of like looking at Mac Fixit and deciding that all Macs are broken. Also from the article: > But many skeptics say oaks in other regions are producing plenty of acorns Not too lonely, the sat footage is way out of date. Try Streetview... It's a complete cookie-cutter neighborhood. Interesting that sales seem to be picking up and that seems true in many markets. Perhaps that's a good sign. Let's hope it wasn't for the programming talent... http://leahculver.com/2008/11/25/couchdb-documents-python-ob... http://leahculver.com/2007/04/19/star-ratings/ Programming. http://leahculver.com/about/ > I’m a founder and the lead developer of a social network, Pownce, that lets you send stuff to your friends online. Curious, I thought that people who did this cooked the meals prior to freezing. Cooking is usually what takes a while, prep can be done really quickly (especially if you do it often). I guess it all depends on the recipes, but it doesn't seem like a real time saver to me. Either way it's not for me, cooking is my release. I gladly get off the computer and onto the cutting board. Thanks for the original, the posted site not only ripped this off but seems off the deep end in general (check out the front page, bunch of junk like Obama not being eligible for President). Great article, but no need to support a site like that! "This is a GA I wrote to design a little car for a specific terrain. It runs in real-time in Flash. The fitness function is the distance travelled before the red circles hit the ground, or time runs out. The degrees of freedom are the size and inital positions of the four circles, and length, spring constant and damping of the eight springs. The graph shows the "mean" and "best" fitness. I should really make a new version with better explanations of what's going on." http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/7i22c/genetic_p... If that's the case Twitter should ask Google what its business model will be. I guessed that this was a Malcom Gladwell article before I clicked on it. He's got a formula. Do you provide your own internet bandwidth? You have to rely on external providers at some point and in all likelihood Google is better at keeping the lights on than you are. Who said respectable investor means Silicon Valley? I have no cookies for googleapis.com, so no the Google cookie does not come with it. It's just the JS libs. Authorize.net lets you do this from their website already... It would only be cool in tandem with an accessory credit card reader. How are they irrelevant? He searched for Brett Farve and got ads about Brett Farve. He was just bummed that they were text ads, not images. Which directly breaks the Amazon Associates TOS and would allow Amazon to not pay you and delete your account. https://affiliate-program.amazon.com/gp/associates/agreement "You may not purchase products during sessions initiated through the links on your site for your own use, for resale or commercial use of any kind. This includes orders for customers or on behalf of customers or orders for products to be used by you or your friends, relatives, or associates in any manner. Such purchases may result (in our sole discretion) in the withholding of referral fees and/or the termination of this Agreement." To plug his last-gen (not current) laptop into the new screen. They only put DisplayPort on the new display which is ridiculous. It's literally only compatible with the new MacBook/Pro. You can get an adapter one way (DisplayPort -> DVI) but not the other (DVI -> DisplayPort). The display is about 3x overpriced anyway, it's not like it will be a hot seller. I was just noting why you would need the DVI-to-Mini DisplayPort connector. I don't have the newest MacBook or that display, but there was confusion as to why that adapter would come in handy. I am not interested in the display, I'm happy with my Dell 24". As someone who has been called in several times to support existing custom-built PHP sites, I very much disagree. A framework will at a the very least ensure a clean organization. PHP is extraordinarily easy to make a mess of, frameworks help. I wouldn't want to. I can barely tolerate family reunions now, no need to make them fill a stadium. What do you mean by point and click? There's a free text search (top right) and then an advanced search form (linked in the menu bar). I need to add some more metrics to the advanced search, but it's point and click if I understand what you mean. As for the data, good ol' manual spec hunting. Hunting down manufacturer spec sheets was a lot of it. Not too bad once you get the hang of it. Ah yea, that's on the list. Browse by price, screen size, OS, etc. The data depends on the model, some don't have battery life estimates (that I've found at least). Not that estimates are reality, but it's still nice to have it all. Everything that's in the database is shown. Also, Amazon doesn't sell all models so the reviews don't always get tied in. I'm looking to expand out to reviews on Shopping.com as well since they cover more models. If you're comparing a model that does have Amazon reviews and one that doesn't, the one that doesn't will show up as a ?. The AWS interface can be a bit different for items that are sold through a third-party, so that might be affecting some models as well, I'll have to check on it. Good call. I'll add mAh to the list. I'm also planning some help pop-ups so less experienced users can get clued in on what battery cells and what not actually mean. Very good idea. Don't have too much data to work with at the moment, but I'll make sure it's being tracked so that it can be exposed later. I just added pricing info from Shopping.com, that should probably be used in place of MSRP for comparison sake. Some are really discounted, others (Dell/Lenovo especially) sell for MSRP. Where's it going? The 80 person staff is a good place to start. http://digg.com/about/ There's no reason the site couldn't be run by five people. The reason he wants it to be clickable is because he browses on his iPhone so FF is not an option. Copy/paste doesn't work either at the moment, which does make it quite frustrating. But the lack of users is a sign that they don't have acceptable results. I found the results to be horrible and like 99% of other people who tried it out won't be back. You have quite the positive outlook, I'll give you that much. But in my world taking $33 million is a big responsibility. The goal isn't to give yourself a nice salary and update your resume with an entry about the now-defunct search engine Cuil, it's to make your investors money. Using your logic it would be almost impossible to fail. Sure they lost millions, solved no problems and wasted dozens of labor years, but some staffers got to network and get a new job out of it! Why? I already know about Wikipedia and Yahoo. Too bad they weren't working for you because I think Cuil would be better off if no one had heard of them yet. Five million people now know they are really shitty. They have to work extra hard to get those people back. It's like having a store's grand opening event with empty shelves. > I can't even think of a close second. Perhaps a firm that had even a dollar in revenue? Twitter hasn't actually become a business yet, so it can't be the best one of the year. It's not so much that they have no revenue it's that they have no plan for revenue. While they may turn into a great business at some point, they aren't one now. Google's creation of AdWords is not an excuse to fund other ventures who have no idea how to make money. There's not an AdWords for every business. Again, Twitter may become the next Google but that does not mean they are currently one of the most successful start ups. SpaceX inks a multi-billion dollar contract and we're busy talking about how successful Twitter is. > That's great if you're running a high school in the poorest district in Mississippi That's just an absurd statement. The design is very high-end, perhaps you just don't like the modern look? I'd much rather this for insurance purposes. I drive very little (350mi/month maybe) but pay the same to insure myself as I would if I drove around all day. Netflix and Amazon know the days of physical discs are numbered. I don't think Amazon needs to acquire a business to dominate a dying vertical. They already have digital distribution and a huge brand, just bank on that. Why would it have to be DRM free? DVD and Blu-Ray are riddled with DRM and they are still popular. This is to do "rental", not purchasing. Only makes sense to have some DRM on there or else the purchase business will end. Amazon does video on demand to Macs, PCs, XBOX, Tivo, etc. Who cares if DRM servers go dark, this is a streaming service. You watch it and then Microsoft could be fire bombed and it doesn't affect you. I agree DRM is shitty for purchased movies, but this is basically a pay-per-view service. For most movies that's all people want. Why wait for the mail man or go to a store/kiosk when you can watch instantly from your couch? Then they should ban the users who access through a proxy. A site can't put up a TOS that says you can't access through a proxy and then wait for it happen to sue. The web would be chocked full of liabilities if shit like that were allowed to happen. Searching Google would be too dangerous, what if one of the sites in a SERP had a TOS against coming from a referrer? It's official, a brand new dating site doesn't have many profiles. Maybe that's what they did? This wasn't an official announcement. The POF guy obviously watches this space really closely, it's not too hard to believe he found out about it while they were still in seeding mode. The point being if he was secretly sick and about ready to die, Apple not saying anything would amount to fraud. Of course he'll die, but there's a difference between randomly being hit by a bus and knowing about a deadly disease for a year without any disclosure. There's room for improvement for the regulation in this space, but it's a sad reality. Luckily this doesn't appear to be the case. I'm guessing you either don't use knives very much or haven't used a really nice one. I use a chef's knife every day, having a good one does not make me a sucker. It's like paying for the leather option when buying a car--it's not essential, but it's damn nice to have. The knife's a lot cheaper too :). I commented there too :). I have the knife that Cooks Illustrated recommended, the Forschner. It's a good knife, worth the $25. Probably worth more, but it's not remarkable. I also have a Shun that's the same size and it's an amazing knife. Priced as such too, it's around $100. The differences are subtle, but because the Shun is perfectly balanced it's not hard to notice. My chef friends love it. Novice cooks who pick it up immediately notice something different. It's a very well crafted tool. Switch the prices and I'd still say the same thing, I'm all about getting a bargain. If we're doing car comparisons, it's like a Camry versus a Lexus. The Lexus can't get you anywhere that the Camry can't, but you'll enjoy yourself more. That said, I'm sure there are expensive knives out there that are simply shit. Price is a marketing technique sometimes. But there are real gems out there too. If I had to buy over again, I'd still get a Shun. I'm happy. They got rid of the auto-playing video side bar. Yes, that makes perfect sense. Because you don't like the prices of WebEx, Xobni is going to start (somehow) charging you by the hour. And not just by the hour, but for almost $600 an hour. No. Some music videos are though ($.60 upgrade fee according to the conversion page.) Have you worn their clothing? Their tri-blend and 50/50 blends are the most comfortable shirts you can buy. Wear one of their shirts and you won't compare them to Wal-Mart again. And if you don't want to pay retail, just get them on Amazon. You can get yourself a basic shirt for $6 (and the aforementioned tri-blend for $9). There's a reason why a huge number of bands/artists print on AA shirts, they are top end. The main Django docs are really good and up to date. Not a book, but if you have the concepts down everything you need is there. Like almost all of his other posts, this is directed towards marketers. I'm a subscriber to the website, it's a great product. I really enjoy the reviews. Recipe wise I usually look at what they and others do and then go my own. They are real big on illustrations (see article for example). There is a good amount of video on the site too, which is useful. You can sign up for a free trial period, though I do believe you gotta give up payment info first (and will be charged if you don't cancel before the trial is up). Cooks Illustrated will probably just get bigger--cooking at home is cheaper than not and is one of those things people start doing when they want to save money. That's silly. Will musicians run out of melodies? Or screen writers run out of stories? People have been cooking for thousands of years and somehow keep learning more. Food tastes are always changing, if you go back and watch old black and white Julia Child cooking shows she talks about a exotic herb called basil that you should definitely check out if you can find locally. Dried basil, the stuff that's hardly worth buying these days because fresh is so much better. Who knows what foods will seem commonplace in 50 years? 4INFO and GOOGL both do that quite nicely. http://www.google.com/mobile/default/sms.html http://4info.net/howto/search.jsp Of course they do a lot more, but flight tracking and sports scores are two of my most common uses. The last-gen $999 model for sale at the Apple Store right now contains a DVD burner. But I couldn't see getting the last-gen. $300 more and you get a big upgrade. If you keep it a while, you'll never go back and wish you had the $300. Great news, I just checked it into my current project and was able to dump the livequery plugin. Why would John August need a few grand from pg? That wouldn't fund anything in terms of making a TV program. For hackers it's worth more than a few grand because of connections and advice, but pg is nobody in Hollywood and his name attached would be worthless. Early or not, when it's a major financial story on the front of the WSJ there isn't a need to exercise skepticism. Or at least skepticism because Murdoch owns them, that's starting to get paranoid. And Keyhole to the list. Hard to expect innovative hardware with only a couple grand in funding. I use my netbook for recipes all the time. It's on the bar, I don't keep it next to the fryer--no grease issues. That said, I think the netbook works better than this tablet, it has a built-in stand and storage so I keep commonly used recipes on it. I have been baking quite a bit lately so recipes actually come in handy. Apple was incorporated with a $250,000 investment. In today's dollars that's more like $800k. You are correct. The text versions were present for screen readers. Good markup can't handle it all, text-only mode allows for stuff like having a transcript instead of a video with a link to a transcript. Text-only mode is even available on the new site: http://www.whitehouse.gov/accessibility/ "In addition to the features that make the graphics version of the site more accessible, a text-only version provides added convenience for users." I'm not sure how to access it though, maybe that feature hasn't launched yet. Then who was that on the dais at precisely 12:00 who looked like Obama? People who take a lot of screenshots are willing to pay for convenience. SnapzPro has sold a ton of licenses at $69 for example. I just sent this app to my dad, he writes computer books and screenshots can be the bane of his existence--if it saves him time he'd pay 5x the price. Update: He just wrote back, "I can't believe it's only $15!" I just sent it to someone who publishes Photoshop tutorials for a magazine--lots of shots involve multiple windows and the layout people love to be able to play around with that sort of stuff. I think it was just a guess that General Dynamics made the device. Since no one was on the record about anything, they just did a Google search for "secure pda" and came up with that one. I wouldn't be surprised if it's a regular BlackBerry with modified software. Re: Lipstick.com... Business model must have worked as that was a CondeNet site. Yikes, I thought it was 0-50 for free and any users past that were $50. So 51 users would be $50/yr. I guess you really have to justify that 51st employee :). Django when I get to and CodeIgniter when I have to. I'd be willing to accept free messaging in return for only allowing incoming messages from numbers saved in my phone (or previously sent to, so texting a shortcode for info wouldn't require adding it to the phonebook first). Though Safari does have it right that Flash doesn't load until you view the tab. I can load up a bunch of video clips in the background and they start playing only when I enter the tab. FireFox really grinds my gears in that regard. Wow, I never knew GW was such a stickler for formal dress and punctuality. That kind of goes against his cowboy persona. Interesting though, I love reading about stories like this. All presidents have interesting quirks. > "I’ll never forget going to work on a Saturday morning, getting called down to the Oval Office because there was something he was mad about," said Dan Bartlett, who was counselor to Mr. Bush. "I had on khakis and a buttoned-down shirt, and I had to stand by the door and get chewed out for about 15 minutes. He wouldn’t even let me cross the threshold." > Under Mr. Bush, punctuality was a virtue. Meetings started early — the former president once locked Secretary of State Colin L. Powell out of the Cabinet Room when Mr. Powell showed up a few minutes late — and ended on time. In the Obama White House, meetings start on time and often finish late. If Google tried to pull something like re-writing links into affiliate links they would be called evil. Is Jeff really making HTML strings in his methods? Aren't there template systems for .NET? Leopard is almost there, with Spotlight comments you can tag really easily but it's not [yet] part of the save routine. I don't use comments too often though since the fulltext search is good enough for my uses. Buy one: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0019VOPU0?ie=UTF8&tag=... Why would they credit them other than in the source code where credit remains? There are no thanks for other components of their website, it's not like they simply decided to shaft these guys. I bet the plug-in authors are really proud that their code is on whitehouse.gov. Update: Ah, saw the part you were talking about. I thought you meant the plug-ins in general. Nevermind :). Only if the power goes out for an extended time, there is a battery backup. Not that it's a big deal, home phones are dying off rapidly. Maybe YouTube got ahold of it. Seems like similar commenters. This one is a monthly re-occurring charge of $58.61 (sort of an odd number, maybe they hope it blends in?): > "If you have not cancelled the free bonus within the 7 day trial period (if offered on product purchasing), you are agreeing to purchase the bonus material and/or service at a monthly reoccurring cost. The resource center is billed at $58.61 monthly." (That's hidden in the terms, not on the sales page.) That gets prohibitively expensive because you can't pay for quality. Teacher unions have made it such that if you want to pay teachers a lot you have to pay them all (by seniority typically) a lot. That means you'll be grossly over paying a lot of staff. Amazing what small teams can do. Digg has more engineers than Gmail... Wasting other people's money. Not only that, but that many authorization attempts would immediately trigger fraud filters and the account would be locked. Microsoft reads your emails too. Any service that has junk mail filters does. Gmail just does it more effectively. No one would go if it was all freely broadcast. If no one went it wouldn't be an event. If it wasn't an event there would be nothing to freely broadcast. Their putting hundreds of lectures up for free online is already a great deal, I don't see a need to complain. You should pull a Dreamhost and out this site. They are dishonest and should be called out. http://blog.dreamhost.com/2006/05/04/web-hostings-dirty-laun... I never said anything about a crime. Reviews are only worthwhile if they are honest. I believe that any site caught soliciting pay to play for positive reviews should be called out. Not sued, just publicly shamed. It goes both ways, Belkin caught tons of flack for soliciting positive reviews on Amazon Mechanical Turk. If that were a real concern it would be far more efficient for the Feds to make up the lost taxes than to continue having these clowns take home tens of millions of dollars in tax payer money. I'm guessing you're not on too many editorial boards... Perhaps you run hosting-review.com? It's dishonest to offer "reviews" that are nothing more than advertising. It's not criminal, but it's not ethical. It's much like hiring people to be your references when getting a new job. You might be a kick ass employee, but if you really were why would you have to hire people to talk well about you? I would guess there's some overlap, but when I was a WSJ Online subscriber I didn't get the print copy. Just a waste of resources in my mind, something else to throw away. That's $65 million more dollars than Facebook has ever profited. Not a bad deal. > Prior to the iPhone, were multi-touch consumer touchscreen devices well-known? It doesn't matter if anything was well known, multi-touch simply isn't new technology: http://www.billbuxton.com/multitouchOverview.html ... Compare it to Vegas. Alcohol is banned most places in Dubai. In Vegas there aren't even open container laws, you can walk around with a cocktail. As for the sex side, how many strip clubs are around? How many escorts? You can't walk down the strip without being offered cards for call girls. In Dubai you can't even kiss in public. Perhaps because he's on the Financial Services Committee and Capital Markets Subcommittee and gets personally briefed by Paulson. That's a lot closer to the source than a Portfolio.com blogger. Considering I have one of her displays (an XO), it's hardly vaporware. In eBook mode it is very much like an eInk display, super crisp and great in sunlight. I think they aren't competing because they are doing different things. App Engine is a lot more narrowly focused. I'm guessing people would put up with a fair amount of advertising if they got a free Kindle. I read a PDF copy of our locale free daily and the ads are still quite noticeable. I know it's not on a kindle, but if you flip through page by page you are still going to notice things. The ads would have to be reformatted, to be more inline, but that's doable. And it's twice as cheap to buy a Kindle in year 1. Year two is $644m in savings. That's a lot of ads that don't have to be sold, a lot of sales staff who don't have to be selling it, etc etc. According to their SEC filings, Google turned a profit for the first time in 2001. Their first funding ($100k) came in 1998. They then secured $25m in 1999. AdWords was not launched until 2000 so it wasn't possible they were turning a profit before then. Google isn't getting paid for it. This would be like treating a porn search as an automatic AdWords click. (I have no problem with it either, I just don't see a comparison to it with Google. Google doesn't ban porn, doesn't redirect, etc.) Neat to see all the open source software being used (Apache, PHP, MySQL, Drupal, jQuery, MIT Simile Timeline, etc). And once again YouTube is front and center. Mix in an API and they'll be rocking. The 15" MacBook Pro has a removable battery and easy hard drive access... It's the 17" and Air that have built-in batteries. http://www.appleinsider.com/articles/08/10/24/apples_unibody... They should try and pull dick moves like this all the time. If they get caught they can score a 9 in customer relations by retreating. If they don't get caught they got away with something. Can't fail! Facebook has had a lot more than one privacy controversy. Remember Beacon? They retreated then too after a similar protest. It's also the major reason I'm not on Facebook. It makes stalkers out of friends and just isn't something I'm interested in. The exchange rate makes it even worse, they are priced the same in Dollars and Euros. So that €799 model is $1000. So you replace their ads with one for your site? And this is a feature? Sounds almost as handy as ISPs showing search pages for sites that don't exist. Your logo is at the top and there is a link to your search engine. So instead of seeing something I didn't want, I see something I didn't want. I guess some people may find it useful, but so far the positive reviews seem to be your friends from Philly. Update: Not only are the reviews astroturfed, but the "Parked Domain Project" is not someone you partnered with, it's you. It apparently exists to generate back links to Duck Duck Go. (Every page has "new search engine" linked to you.) Why be shady? You put out some great stuff, no shame in saying it's yours. Humorous that a search company doesn't run a search on their hires but still believes they have a "rigorous hiring process". Pepsi didn't host an auction, they just had a joke in a commercial. Pepsi could have put whatever they want in the commercial, it's not a contract of any sort. Unless he's forcing people to buy from him, I don't think it makes sense to demonize the delivery guy. Gun dealers have helped introduce unimaginable pain to millions of families, but I'm sure there are some really "good guy" gun dealers. I think unalone was just suggesting that newt0311 hasn't gotten out of the textbooks and actually studied the drug issue from the human side. That not all of these people he wants to murder are faceless mob gangsters, some are just like him. It's easy to sit in your apartment and write Asperger's induced rants about how X is bad and that if we simply kill Y% of the population X will cease to exist and 100-Y% of the population will then enjoy Z% more happier lives. As long as the numbers work, what's the downside? Empathy can't be taught, but ironically there are drugs that can help. Drugs aren't in the same category as murder (or any violence). Most obviously, they are personal. Drugs don't bust into your house at night and kill you. We don't [typically] see suicide as a crime because of that even though the result is the same. Known medical effects has no bearing on the legality of drugs. Cocaine and heroin have known medical uses and are even currently used for medicine. Same with Cannabis. Another check in the medical use department for MDMA (ecstasy). Even meth has legitimate medical uses. Curiously, many illegal drugs are just (if not more) effective than their patented prescription drug counterparts. You want to kill people who buy heroin, but governments spend billions buying synthetic heroin for their citizens. It's madness. If the government mobilizes to kill millions of its citizens, how are you confident that the line will be drawn at the point you think is acceptable? (Why we should let you set the line is another debate, but luckily you aren't in a position of power.) Perhaps there's someone else like you, but who takes it a step farther and believes something you do and don't think is immoral should be a capital offense. Your wanting to kill pot smokers is no more crazy than me wanting to kill coffee drinkers. Prohibition causes most of the troubles though (especially cartel violence). And I think the social aspects of any increased addiction rates would be more than offset by not imprisoning hundreds of thousands annually on drug charges. It's vastly cheaper to subsidize rehab for the relatively small number of actual addicts than it is to pay to arrest and process a million people a year. Not to mention the effect on GDP of the lost production from all the incarcerated people. > Partaking in the illegal drug trade is obviously not like jaywalking. You're right, they are not alike. Jaywalking is illegal for safety reasons (to both the offender and more importantly the driving public). On a moral basis, I find neither offense objectionable unless you hurt someone in the process. He's what Joe the Plumber should have been. FUD, it's only down for "a small subset of users". Works fine for me, both web and IMAP. ... But yet the headline made it sound like all of Gmail was down when at best it's a small percentage. When the headline says "Gmail down" and I look over and see that Gmail is in fact not down, it's an incorrect headline. Nothing like trying to make up for a loss with volume! (Speaking as a prime member, I have a sneaking suspicion they are losing money on a lot of my orders. However more frequent those may be.) $15.50 for a jar of sauce? That's an absurd amount for what's most likely simply tomatoes, salt, olive oil, garlic, onion and perhaps some dried herbs. Tasty I'm sure, but marinara is one of the easiest sauces you can make. (Looking back, it's probably not the money as much as that I just like to cook. I'd actually get enjoyment out of the process instead of feeling like a sap for paying that much for tomato sauce.) The first music player that talks to you? You don't even have to look outside of Apple's own product line up to see that's not true, the Nano has it. http://www.apple.com/ipodnano/specs.html "Spoken menus allow listeners to hear many of the names of menus, song titles, and artists without viewing the screen." That would be most likely be illegal in many states so I wouldn't hold my breath. How will YC funding 20 more startups per year encourage more startups to go public? Regarding a glaring XSS vulnerability in the comments, Wordpress 1, Clojure 0. Great timing, I was just wishing there were a way to ensure that all advertising be unrelated to things I am interested in. Yea, F them for not giving you the new customer 90% off promotion! Greedy bastards. (They have this to get new customers, you have already come and gone and most likely won't stick around to the point of profitability.) With what they charge I don't see how you could even assume it's rock solid hosting. I have an account I use for backups and have no complaints. They are asking for a 10 spot in exchange for a year of hosting and a free domain name. Put it in perspective, that's less than the cost of a pizza. At least two average individuals who have seen my Aspire One went out and bought one. I bet a couple more do the same soon. I haven't been following IE 8 as close as I should have been, is there a good way to have both IE 7 and IE 8 at the same time? (Well it doesn't even have to be at the same time, but such that I can quit one and open the other.) Maybe compatibility mode is good enough? > Not really... It is not so hard to setup SVN, Apache, WebDAV, and NetDrive, and you got your own Dropbox... I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. The dominant player for an industry isn't always who gets the first implementation (though that's sometimes the case, like eBay), it's often who does it for the masses. Digital music players were common before the iPod, but the iPod made it easy. That's why Rios don't even exist anymore and iPods consistently outsell the bible. Dropbox is easy like the iPod is easy. My mom sees its value. > Not everyone gets the Amazon shipping rates. No, but almost everyone can take advantage of Amazon's discounted rates. http://www.amazonservices.com/content/fulfillment-by-amazon.... It won't work for shipping food, but it can be a real money saver for non-perishable items. You don't even have to pay shipping costs if you sell the items on Amazon.com, just pay the fulfillment fee and the customer can use Prime or Super Saving shipping. CPU may not be your bottleneck... Mailinator is handling up to 2 million emails an hour off a single server. Bandwidth though is an issue, 3TB a month. You pay for all those connections that spammers open. http://mailinator.blogspot.com/2008/11/so-our-core-duo-serve... You are aware there are lots of sites that do throwaway no-reg email right? Mailinator has been around for years and is incredibly popular. That's OK, Google Voice would have crushed their dreams anyway. Except Google was solving a real problem, Seesmic created the problem that they solved. Some might find video comments cool, but if they ceased to exist tomorrow the world wouldn't be much different. Opera Mobile has significantly more installs than Mobile Safari, but Safari probably has greater market share in terms of mobile visits (because iPhone users use Safari quite a bit). As for numbers, Opera says there are more than 120m installations of Opera Mobile: http://www.opera.com/mobile/ They have another product, for less powerful phones (it does rendering via a proxy actually) that has 20 million users. Since the requests are all proxies, Opera knows how many people use this product: http://www.opera.com/mini/ Listening to music has been a fairly established wish for humans for thousands of years. Video comments on blogs? Not so much. It's less useful than text in almost all circumstances. What law are they breaking? The only way they get stopped is because it's mostly used for fencing. People with legitimate assets go ahead and get a better price at local pawn shops. Actually they sold a record amount of ad revenue ($206m), so no they weren't going for super cheap. They had a few last minute cheaper spots, but we're still talking the $2.4m range. An SSL cert starts at like $13 a year, if you can't afford that you shouldn't have a merchant account. There's no need to store credit card information on your server, if you really need it the gateways provide the functionality. Why would customers with 2 or 3 transactions a month lose them any money? What about in terms of advertising dollars? That's what matters, otherwise you're just losing cash on unmonetizable streams. I'd wager Hulu is far and away the leader in monetizing their traffic. So why didn't you link us to it then? http://www.youtube.com/edu Not to mention that this is new home sales we're talking about, a product that has had a huge hit in supply. It would be more interesting to see sales year over year based on percentage of supply sold. Basically any way you slice it you can argue the other person is full of shit. That doesn't mean anyone actually is. You sound like you're disagreeing with yourself. If the media is overly negative, why didn't they use the year-over-year figure? Instead the more positive number was used. Not true as our local community college has a .edu. It just has to be postsecondary. > Take Facebook for example. It's a free service that most of its users get a great deal of value from. If asked, wouldn't many (by no means all) pay a small fee as appreciation for services rendered. The value of Facebook is that everyone else is on Facebook, so if they started charging they would lose a large part of that value overnight. Services that start free and get big don't have a high success rate of going paid (Salon.com rings a bell). No matter how valuable something is, if you've been giving it away previously there will be huge push back when you start asking for cash. Charging for premium features is a much better idea since you don't lose tons of users overnight. I'm not sure if it will work for Twitter, I guess it all depends on what those features are. Is he a genius programmer or marketer? Who cares? If they start spamming their feed the followers can quite easily unfollow. > Facebook bet heavily on engineering talent and it's paying off. It's paying off in spades--tons more unmonetizable foreign traffic. Facebook is bleeding cash, MySpace is actually in the green. Facebook needs to start making money or they simply won't be around to celebrate "beating" MySpace. > Chinese people like games as much as we do, and they will actually pay for them!!! Yes, the Chinese would never pirate software! I seriously doubt 3,000 gallons of water in someone's garage poses any risk to the neighbors. It's not something I would want my upstairs neighbor to have, but he's in a house. Realistically it's probably .3-4" of water spread out over his property. Much less than a heavy rain storm. There's no way that would have an effect on the sewer or power systems. They just had a sewer line bust in my town and in 2 hours it leeched 460,000 gallons. It barely made the news and only did so because it had broken before and made a sewage geyser (sounds like Mike Rowe should help fix it). 3,000 gal is literally a drop in the bucket. ... It's an above ground pool. The water would hit the concrete garage floor and go outside (and probably some of it going directly down the inside drain) down the driveway and into the gutter. But instead if it went into his yard it would be nothing more than a rain storm--no houses are washing away. BitBucket does a web interface for hg already. It's not as social as GitHub, but I'm a fan (and subscriber). How would they be killed? It's effectively a large hot tub sitting in his garage. No more dangerous either. Your accounts rarely have spam thanks to the effort of many people you'll never meet (and lots of CPU cycles at your email provider). It's also bad form to publicly masquerade as an official support forum for a company without discussing it in private first. The OP is talking about Javascript based WYSIWYG editors for HTML textareas, not an IDE. > Why would they have a problem with something that gives them extra revenue? Because the data plan isn't metered. Tethering will cost them capacity they aren't billing to anyone. Sort of how like you can get in trouble for using a residential cable modem in a business--consumers get a price break and power users pay more. > Connecting your phone to your computer as a modem is a standard feature for all other phones. Not totally true, the iPhone is just now getting this in the upcoming 3.0 release for example. Many times tethering requires a more expensive data plan with the carrier and that may turn out to be the case with both Android and iPhone. > Fair enough. In my country it is (I did not think that there was a country that did not charge for its data).I use a SIM with pre-paid on it which is nice (no contracts, nothing). In the US it's common to require unlimited data packages for smartphones. The G1 and iPhone are examples of that. It's also common with BlackBerry. It's uncommon to pay by the megabyte here, you either don't have internet access or have unlimited (well, "unlimited") access. But those options are not available on all phones. The G1 for example requires T-Mobile's unlimited data plan which costs $24.99/month. (FWIW the iPhone is the same way, but AT&t's plan is more expensive.) But their move to Scala meant the Fail Whale went away and their investors were happy enough to sink many more millions into the company. Would it be possible to run a high-volume messaging system in Ruby? Perhaps. But why fuck around when the people bankrolling your company are getting angry? But Twitter isn't a normal website and Ruby was the reason why it kept failing. That doesn't mean your website will fail because of Ruby, but Twitter had too much background messaging work for Ruby to keep up with. The fact that simply replacing the code with Scala made huge improvements should demonstrate that fact. They didn't change what was being done, just what language was doing it. Looks like some code that has to be run through a couple JS functions before it's legible. I tried seeing where it actually happens on the site and can't find it. Regardless, it has already been "cracked". http://www.hulu.com/channels/Action-and-Adventure?ajax=true&... (That's a link from the article, I can't see anything like that when browsing through the site. It's all plain text for me.) One of those just started: http://wrongtomorrow.com/ I should start adding Mike Arrington quotes, he's almost as bad as Scoble. Analyst: Just pulling shit out of his ass > Mine can't loan out money at 26 times my deposits. Can yours? Of course not, your not a bank. Does your corporation have to abide by all of the banking rules? Of course not, you're a regular corporation. If you want to be a bank, start one. It's a pain in the ass but can be lucrative. Who's giving up Flash? Chrome supports Flash and is rigged such that when Flash crashes (on a Mac that happens all the time) it only takes out the one tab. When Chrome comes out for OS X you'll be able to use Flash all you want. The linked article isn't discussing a shipping product, just a build of the still very much in progress code base. You can buy a search ad to advertise it, you just can't be an Amazon Associate. Google has rules against trademarks anyway, which could be used if you really wanted to break their rules. http://www.google.com/tm_complaint_adwords.html And they got other people to finance an extensive keyword conversion study. What a deal! Your pricing page says SMS costs $.07 and your blog post says it costs $.0015. Big difference (47x!). What's true? http://messagepub.com/pricing Ah, well there goes my plan to cheaply send SMS messages. Not unless they also send people directly to Amazon from paid search ads. Yes, but the payments on a loan of that size are laughable. $70,000 at today's rates is $375/mo ($4,500 a year) for a 30 year. You could rent it out for a couple of years and pay off the loan free and clear. What do you mean break even? Take in $80,000 in rent? I'd say buying the building and taking in more money every month in rent than I'm paying on the loan is more than breaking even. And that's day one. > Playing devil's advocate a bit, from the AP's perspective, how is Google really any different than any other distributor of AP content? It's just another company using their content to hang ads off of and generate revenue (like all of their other customers), except that Google doesn't pay for it. Seriously? Google links out to the original copy. You see a headline and at most a couple sentences. If there's a fulltext copy it is licensed. If your mom has trouble opening large links, she's probably not the type to be comforted by a subdomain. If the link is from her son she's going to click it. It shows up as a blank page for me, with Firebug noting a Javascript error. Seems to work fine in Safari. It wouldn't hurt to make your site be able and degrade smoothly. At least show me a message that something happened, right now it just looks like you don't exist. Having it able to degrade would also let you get search engine traffic. Works fine for me. Accountants: We're losing more money with every new user Zuck: We'll make it up with volume! Investors: OK The outgoing CFO said they would be cash flow positive in 2010, but who knows how advertising projections will hold up? It's kind of a down market at the moment. He could have simply meant they plan to stop buying $100m of servers every year next year and as a consequence won't run a net loss. Or it could just be the fired CFO talking nonsense. Who knows really? What a terrible headline, Ztail doesn't even sell any merchandise. They are no competition to Amazon. In fact, they may even add Amazon as one of the merchants you can purchase through. Ztail is selling a put option on retail products (well sort of, with eBay being involved too), interesting but not revolutionary. Considering all the bail outs we're having to do for firms that wrote tons of paper they couldn't back, who knows if Ztail will even be around next year when you want your $50. It's sad that the HN headline is less reactionary than TechCrunch. eBay has a program that lets you see historical selling prices for goods, so I'm guessing that's where they started. Who knows what kind of cash reserve they're working with though, I wouldn't trust them for anything more than a vague estimate of what products are selling for in second hand markets. And that much is free! FUD, this is just a financial analyst guessing. He doesn't know how much bandwidth YouTube actually uses, how much they pay for that bandwidth or even how much revenue YouTube takes in. All of the variables in his equation are made up. Or just use 301 redirects... Mostly: * They have the top branding on your site, users know if they are using a browser, they may not know why Digg is in the URL and on the top of the site * They get all the search engine love. No browser in the world steals pagerank. They're not being advertised as a URL shortener though. Takes more than $5k to make a device like this. Much more. Whoosh back, my point being that if you want real tech innovation it most often takes more than $5k. Any idea what they are doing? If it's just looking for cloaking you think it would be better to not have the search.live.com referrer. That makes it easy to game if you were somehow trying to cloak for the Live bot which I don't think is a real problem anyway. I think the sun will be able to defend itself. It masquerades as IE 6 last I checked. It's not marked in any way as a bot, so IP addresses are the way to go. Summary: IBM consultant who could barely design a system that handles 18 million weekly transactions lets Twitter know what they need to do to "scale". His advice is IBM main frames. Probably Oracle too. Yes, this is still the year 2009. This was a very weird article: > I had just completed a project for a large government agency that needed a system that could accomplish approximately 5,500 database row inserts and reads per second, or approximately 18 million transactions per week. Not even close--5,500 a second comes to over 3 billion weekly transactions. 18 million transactions is nothing, that can be handled on a VPS. > And as a customer requirement, we had to do it with COMMODITY HARDWARE. Here's his idea of commodity hardware: > The heart of the “beast”, as those of us referred to it, was comprised of 4 Unisys ES7000-based Oracle 10g RAC nodes, each using 256GB of RAM and sixteen dual-core Intel Xeon processors, and the most sophisticated, high-performance Cisco 10Gbps Ethernet switching that money could buy which was available between all the main clustered and load balanced tiers of the system — Web, J2EE Application Servers, Messaging Queue and Database. Probably a million dollars in hardware and it barely was able to do 18m weekly transactions. Now for his advice to Twitter: > No, there’s only one systems architecture that will solve the Fail Whales once and for all. As much as I hate coming off like an IBM commercial — cue the blue background and jazz music on Tech Broiler — the solution to the Fail Whale is a Blue Whale — an IBM System Z. A Mainframe. Or two. Preferably in a SYSPLEX configuration. "Enterprise" people really grind my gears. Google started with servers in LEGO cases. Even today they just use tons of not very important hardware. The solution to scaling Twitter isn't throwing $2m to IBM, it's not trying to run it out of a RDBMS. In the long run you won't be able to buy your way out of a shitty foundation. > Actually for twitter it could very well be the cheapest option when you consider what their imminent scala debacle will cost them. Why is re-writing some of the system in Scala a debacle and or expensive? I haven't followed it too closely, but I got the impression that they have had success with it so far. That line was in reply to the article author's statement that the only way to go is a mainframe: > No, there’s only one systems architecture that will solve the Fail Whales once and for all. That is certainly one way to go. Another is to be clever. That's what startups do best... A large company goes to buy a main frame and Oracle licenses while the startup has a really clever idea and orders a bunch of servers from Dell. ... And yet sites like Flickr are huge even though JPGs are as easy as anything to post on your own website. And community. Ironically Truveo's iFrame is less shitty than Digg's--it doesn't always stay at the top. Making shit up isn't resourcefulness, it's lying and in this case cheating. This is a private company for starters. The UAW jobs bank idea was forced by a union not management and was simply a move to make sure no one was fired even when it was cost effective to do so. They were paid between 85-100% salary too, not 33%. In this case they want to trim costs a bit but also want to retain the employees. This will save money, not tank the company and require billions in Federal emergency loans. Humorously tomuse.com uses the "Link Cloaking Plugin for WordPress" so you can't tell where anything is going (though it does use proper 301 redirects). These things are normally used by scuzzy people trying to hide affiliate stuff. It looks free, but a competitor even has one of those really long marketing pages that are usually used for real estate and eBooks: http://www.wordpresslinkcloak.com/ It one ups the freebie and uses 302 Moved Temporarily. Both sides made bad decisions, but when forced with the possibility of a strike dumb ideas like the jobs bank get approved. Even without a gun. AdSense ads in a framed URL shortener... How is this a good thing? Stop framing content--it's that simple. This is most likely against the AdSense TOS anyway--you're putting ads on someone else's content. Javascript works fine for that thanks. > As for me, I'm considering looking for a new default myself. Powells, here I come? Why? You know it was nothing more than a CSRF by a troll. That's like saying you're not going back to a store because it got tagged by some punk kids one night. As long as they clean up, what's the problem? ... And if so the really simple to use Slicehost Manager is a tap tap away in Mobile Safari. That's where template systems like Django's and stuff like PHP come in handy. I can pass either off to a designer who knows HTML and they are off to the races. You can already log into the Slice manager with Mobile Safari. You can actually access more data there too because it doesn't rely on the API. Under a $1000 a month? I'd hope so! That would pay for a couple extra large instances which is way overkill for a simple site like this. It could be hosted on a simple VPS for $50 if you wanted to (well with a different architecture, hosting it all in memory makes a VPS not very efficient). Why not? That's only a couple page views a second. Around $50/m can get you a gig of RAM. Use some for memcached, spend the rest running Nginx or Lighttpd.