I liked AbiWord. It was very lean and GTK+ friendly. But I always had little gotchas with the formatting and problems with ODF occurring between word processors that didn't occur as often when originating from LibreOffice. It had the clean/snappy interface that LibreOffice should have had, but definitely not the document feature support it needed. These days, I'm not sure why anyone would bother trying to revive AbiWord. Not that I don't have my fair share of software engineering projects that are specific to my interests, but I personally wouldn't go back to using it or LibreOffice. If I really need a full-blown word processor, Google Docs does everything I need, and their Chrome app works for offline use. Most of the time, I can get away with writing stuff in Markdown. Then again, I'm a developer so that appeals to me. Microsoft Word online also works well cross-platform. With either one, you may not get the best multi-format support, but they're both very dependable IMO. I couldn't depend on AbiWord most of the time unless I knew the same doc would be opened in another AbiWord instance. Web-based technology really is, I think, the best way forward in cross-platform development for things like word processing which are not CPU intensive. People can and should use whatever tools they want to get the job done but, if I was to start a new Linux/CP word processor today, I'd be using Node.js with Babel and make it "Web Native". For some things you'll want C++ but, for me, not this. But best of luck to them for sure. It's been hours and nobody has showed up to call this an atrocity? The JS world really is improving. Anyone else remember Widget Workshop? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Widget_Workshop I loved this game as a kid and, while it's not really a programming language of sorts, it's great for getting you to think in a programmer's mindset. Logo bored the crap out of me, but I could make neat things with it. I feel like it was completely forgotten but something like it could have a real educational use today. Can anyone explain why everyone should vote? YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Life is full of trade-offs, and sometimes the choices you make don't work out. The author sounds pissed off because they took a risk that didn't work out, so he's telling everyone that it's objectively "bullshit" to make himself feel better about his lack of success like it's someone else's fault. The fact is that both the haves and the have-nots take these kind of risks all the time, and few succeed. But some do and many still consider the chances worth the risk, despite their failure. It really doesn't have that much to do with privilege, so much as creating a mental fixture from a statement like "follow your passion" and ignoring the fact that all statements are subject to exceptions. Basically, the post reeks of bitter naive white guy problems, and I want my 3 minutes back. The fact that I am even here is evidence that I quit my previous career to pursue a passion. I also don't assume that the same decision would work for everyone. But I'd hardly call it "bullshit". I couldn't agree more. Social media is not directly subject to the first amendment. However, there is a legitimate problem if entities that monopolize a communication channel apply subjective censorship; it's a threat to the first amendment, an American principle, if the mass can't actually carry out free speech. It can be argued that online speech has now been monopolized by a few entities; while I don't think that's entirely true, there's a nugget of truth in there. If Facebook, which now wants to be more of a media company than just a place for cat pictures, controls an obscenely large portion of online communication, that means they(a small number of people in reality) can have far too much influence in political discussion, freedom of expression, etc. While the side of me that's liberatarian says that people can simply not use Facebook if they don't like it, saying that alone is not going to stop the mass in the center of the bell curve from subjecting themselves to censorship, which indirectly subjects myself and others to that same censorship. What can make this worse is the continuing implosion of Twitter. If we want people to have some retain modicum of responsibility(i.e. just unfriend/unfollow/block), censorship that oversteps reasonable boundaries needs to be challenged, and our government can do that if they impose on free speech.(whether or not that actually happens, idk) Well, privacy in the sense that they don't want their mommies and daddies see what they post. Basically, yeah. "For women, the prevalence of overall obesity and of class 3 obesity showed significant linear trends for increase between 2005 and 2014; there were no significant trends for men." The problem what that page is that it doesn't include answers that are antithetical to Mozilla's values. Add "I want a safe space on the internet" as a response, and I imagine you'll get far more people clicking that than anyone who wants freedom, privacy, learning, etc. Neat! Funny how people who prefer Photoshop always have to show up and take a dump on GIMP just because it doesn't meet their expectations. I don't particularly like Photoshop and haven't used it in nearly a decade, but that doesn't necessarily mean that I think it's bad software.(though I'm not a fan of Adobe's practices) If GIMP is ever going to support the desires of professional designers, it's going to have to be developed by designers. Maybe I'm wrong, but I am willing to bet that the people who actively use and develop GIMP are people with programming experience who are doing some digital imaging on the side that doesn't require things like CMYK or high bit depth. GEGL and GIMP have been in development for a long time now, but have advanced in areas that the user base cares about, but not necessarily in areas that professionals care about. Simple as that. If you really hate Photoshop, learn Scheme and contribute to GIMP and GEGL. I do want to comment on the non-destructive editing feature; I feel like that's also a serious designer convenience, but it's never been something that I have personally desired. In fact, I wouldn't really want it, I think. In other software packages that have similar non-destructive capabilities, like Maya, the "history" of an object becomes more and more cumbersome over time. Maybe this doesn't happen in Photoshop, IDK. To be honest, I'm perfectly fine duplicating layers are "backups" before deciding on the right look. Japanese food is way overpriced nowadays, and hardly "japanese". You have to pay a ridiculous amount for actual Japanese food; anything mid-priced or below is covered in fried breading, mayonnaise, and even jalapenos. I'm not against "fusion" cuisine, but it sucks when there's so much of that it makes it difficult to get the real thing. Chinese food in America much cheaper because the ingredients are much less costly and far less difficult to make. I don't think the value of Chinese food really has to do much with the Western perception of the Chinese economy or its people. That "Chinese" food is, in America, is designed to be tasty and relatively inexpensive. Authentic Chinese food isn't as appealing or palatable to most Americans. It's definitely even worse for games, as copyright law and the nature of the industry can mean that a game might not be legally obtained again for over a century. Nintendo, for example, goes out of its way to punish people for distributing games that they no longer publish or license, even despite their abandonware status. How often do you find that a person with a low body-fat ratio with negative effects caused by bad posture? The people who I've seen with obvious problems caused by poor posture, like a hump or sore back or joints, are usually moderately to highly overweight. Kind of like how women with large breasts can have problems with soreness or neck humps. I suspect that it's not so much about good posture as it is about having a variety of postures throughout the day and not having bodyweight stressing one's joints. Granted, I have no scientific evidence for this. It's just from my own observations(and my own experience of being a former fat guy). I don't buy it. Choose any one of the weights and select only web; it'll put either Python or Java at #1 and PHP and JavaScript way below. That just doesn't seem realistic... > This kind of thing makes me wish I had done better in high school and could have studied at a school of Stanford's caliber. Yes. Yes, indeed. Boy, my life could have taken a completely different course had I been able to make more decisions once my brain became more fully-developed. The only Google services I use are its search and YouTube. I moved away from Gmail, though I have throwaway Gmail accounts. Email: Private server and domain Chat: Facebook because few people seem to use anything else, let alone answer their phones or emails. I otherwise hate it. Photos: Keeping photos is overrated. I keep the few photos I take on a network drive at home and rarely share anything with anyone. If it burns in a fire, I wouldn't care very much. Yet still not worth being in the hands of some company. Drive: See above. If I need to share something, it's either through Email or Box. Search: Still mostly Google, but increasingly Bing as I feel like I get better results(I suspect that Google is underhandedly trying to make the web more "friendly"). Just type in some mean or evil phrase into both search engines. Docs: I rarely have to write docs or spreadsheets. Google's online spreadsheet is pretty good, but for a "document", I end up writing stuff in Markdown using Dillinger.io. Music: Most of the music and content I enjoy is free on YouTube. Eventually, I'd like to leave Google all together. Changing search engines is easy, but YouTube and Maps are near impossible to beat at this point. I don't think this is a problem that generalized ad blockers should be attempting to solve, as it's a completely different breed of advertisement. Maybe there could be a separate project for tackling disguised ads on big sites, but otherwise trying to solve a very nuanced problem using a broad approach is going to be an endless headache and perhaps futile. I have no reservations about blocking disguised ads. Advertisers have abused their position for far too long, and it's pretty clear that disguised ads are only going to make the web more of a mess of infotainment or advertainment. I ended up writing my own Chrome extension to remove Facebook's suggested posts, as it actually isn't that complicated if you simply crawl the DOM on element inserts. There's probably a performance hit, but not enough for me to really notice. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/suggest-me-not/cel... Their problem is they'd have to contradict their own UI despite doing things like that. Let's say that they removed the "Suggested Post" indicator from their ads entirely, and the ads essentially appear identical to something you are already following; unless you had followed the page before, it should display a Like button like any other post and it would not say something like "You liked/followed this page" at the top of the post in the feed, so it would be a safe assumption to clear out anything that wasn't specifically liked by you or a friend. But, if they were to not display a Like button or elements telling you whether or not you have followed the post before, that's yet another indication that it's not a genuine post. I wouldn't mind never seeing anything that's "suggested" and would rather find content through friends(you know, that whole social networking thing). I don't see how they can ever get around ad blocking in the long term without making their site unpleasant to use. I think what you said is very true, and I see it reflected in my own life. Though I think it also has to do with male nature. Historically, it has made sense for men to be less likely to form attachments in healthy circumstances, and I think evolutionary biology probably hs a role here. Men can form intense bonds with each other when they are comrades or fellow soldiers, but to irrationally attach oneself to other men is not an advantage to a man when the going gets tough and he has to find a new position in life that doesn't involve his old platoon; from a reproductive perspective, hanging out with the same men indefinitely isn't as likely to get him to fertilize some eggs as forming an emotional bond with a woman or women. For women, it seems more beneficial to form lasting bonds with other women as they can provide a support structure that can help raise children and consolidate effort doing menial tasks while men are off doing other things. A man, in times of yore, could make his own way even if he lacked a support structure. For women, vulnerability and lack of strength, made it much more difficult for them to simply go off at will on their own and form their own families and slay their own dragons. Nowadays, that's not so much the case in the west, but I think these innate behaviors we developed as a result of our physiology usually remain, aside from some conditioning (i.e. nurture). The lack of a physical community can amplify those behaviors. On the other side of the coin, I think many men are forming friendships and communities, not in the real world, but online where people can form bonds with those who have common interests as opposed to those jerks on happen to live on your street who don't drink your brand of beer or root for the same football team. Our Burger King culture of "have it your way" makes forming communities with people who only share very general traits with one, like the kind of genitals you have, make little or no sense. Lack of common experience also makes it hard for people to really care about spending a moment with one another. Meanwhile, the Web has a segment for every belief, activity, or way of life, and people who one can relate to on an asynchronous basis with little social risk. I had online buddies for years, but it was easy because they never saw my face and I was never obligated to take time out of my day to go to lunch with them or attend a boring get together with their family. I've had the same conclusion for a while. I'm not a social media junkie, but I use Facebook often enough that they should know a lot about me but their ads and their algorithmic content show that they have a long way to go in getting a computer to actually understand my behavior and interests. Funny how they answered a question about paragraph tags that I was wondering yesterday. Most answers to the "p vs br" question seem to be "do whatever you want", but the recommendation in the article seems most correct to me, since p tags are for the parser(in case it needs to know what the paragraphs of the body content are) while breaks are presentational. I'm going to call BS on nearly everything said here about for profit schools. While I don't particularly care if ITT can't accept people relying on federal loans, I do believe that people aren't being duped by crappy schools so much as they are falling for them. Sure, the commercials have been everywhere for years, but it's really not hard for even the dumbest of dumb to type "ITT sucks" into Google and find all sorts of legitimate negative reviews. I have been to two trade schools for different careers; I chose them because there was almost nothing but positive reviews about them on the internet. I suspect that people attending scam schools have poor shenanigan-sensing skills and may subconsciously think that commercials on TV provide some sort of legitimacy. This is why I have no sympathy for the people who attended "Trump University", as at the very least you should go into such a program assuming there's a high chance it will sick and have an escape plan ready. But my generation doesn't seem to do that often and would rather rely on the safety nets provided by their parents and the state. Actually, it is a good thing that they can no longer take students with federal loans because those will be the same students whose ineptitude will fail them and then they will want the government to "forgive" their debt. LOL The Unabomber's manifesto doesn't seem so crazy now, does it? Yes, I hate it when projects do this. Along with senseless forking, trying to solve too many problems(especially ones that are already solved) is one of the worst things that can happen to a piece of software. I understand the rationale behind such a decision, thought personally I would rather install languages and tools through other means so I can keep up to date rather than be concerned with the remote chance of a stability issue on my OS. Lots of programs have Python as a dependency so it makes sense to have it included by default, but Ruby, Node, and Rust? Just seems like a waste of effort and possibly disk space(if it is preinstalled) when most users are going to install their own packages as part of a tool chain that has nothing to do with supporting components of the operating system. I am usually much happier when my software isn't so coupled with the OS, even though that kind of goes against what seems to be a Linux philosophy. I would be even happier if distros would just stick to supporting low level libraries, kernel modules, and necessary UI components rather than spend a bunch of time creating a complete system. Democracy as a whole is kind of illusory at this point; the world has grown to such a scale and the general public so distracted that they often can't make valid decisions at the polling booth because they are so disconnected from the issues. In the old days, there were only so many things people had to understand before they were given a vote and, while those issues were more impactful on everyday life, they were also less complicated. Today, the real issues have gotten complicated and nuanced, but the average human IQ and curiosity level has not caught up. As a result, we are handed lots of small and barely-relevant decisions to give us that illusion of choice, both for practical reasons and to shut us up. Local elections certainly have more impact on one's life, and really aren't hard to understand, but life is too good for most people to care enough. And, with people more infantilized than ever, the more they want surrogate mommies and daddies to make the tough decisions for them, just as their own parents did for them in childhood. So, when we are handed a piece of paper so we can say who we want to be our surrogate parents, most of us say "meh" and vote for the incumbents because, well, we have our smart phones, TV, Starbucks, and gourmet restaurants, so the current politicians can't be doing that bad, right? Voting for judges is also in conflict with the notion that they are supposed to be impartial. Maybe we should change the system so that judges aren't elected by the public, but they can be ousted by the public. "[...] why am I directly electing judges, magistrates, and prosecutors when it would be significantly better to select representatives to make all these electoral choices for me?" Yes, exactly. It's authoritarian, but I'm not sure that it's nationalist. So I'm not sure fascist is the right term, but you are otherwise correct. haha, yes, I was thinking the same thing. Google has fallen flat on its face every time it has tried to build a social network of any kind. I'm really not sure I even want this. That's exactly why I chose not to work in the Bay Area. Perhaps I have chosen the less challenginger or rewarding path (I don't know), but my first job as a programmer paid me peanuts(40k) and I lived in a pretty nice place with a roommate; a year later I got another job that paid 84k and got to rent a small house, live on my own, and not have to worry about how much I spend. Entry level pay, even in SoCal, can mean decent living. Entry level in the Bay seems to mean constantly struggling to make ends meet while living with several people. Granted, I know people who get a thrill out of that, and that's perfectly fine, but that's just not for me. Living both in San Francisco and the East Bay taught me that. Was fun, but I like not being a workhorse and having excess cash to spend on my various projects. Then again, it sounds like tat guy's spending was way out of line. Like many people, he probably blew his money on expensive toys(and a penis car) to gain a feeling of status. It's too bad that many of us(in general, not on HN) are too lazy to judge a person based on what they actually offer vs a number attributed to them. People who are 50+ are perfectly capable at learning and writing good code, and it really isn't hard to recognize someone with a sharp mind. However, lots of people allow their minds and bodies to rot as they get older. My parents, as much as I love them, are not very employable at this point(at least not when compared to a younger candidate). They don't get much exercise and spend a large chunk of the day sitting in front of the boob tube. They are smart people, but their ability to learn new things has gone way down, and I have noticed they are a little more gullible than they used to be. Meanwhile, I have friends who are in their 50s and they have the energy, motivation, and learning abilities of someone in their 20s. I wonder if this has something to do with the exercise they get, and the lack of TV watching. The calorie defecit from both those things probably slows their aging a tad too. I think if you want to be programming at age 50, you can easily add years, perhaps decades to your youthfulness by taking some basic care of both body and mind. It may seem like an obvious statement, but most people don't actually do this, and it shows in people my age who have the habits of my parents while also drinking heavily and smoking way too much. It's kind of spooky when I see people who were once youthful looking, in their 20s, quickly start to look like they are in their 40s because they don't really take care of themselves beyond basic hygiene. I never meant to imply that it was a concrete rule. Everyone's body is different(more specifically their genes). I've known people who ate nothing but pizza and mac & cheese every day and were skinny as toothpicks. Whether or not they will still be healthy in their golden years is a question I can't really answer. I just know that I can't name anyone I've known personally who did even a moderate amount of physical activity(I'm not talking rock climbing or doing tri-athelons) and ate reasonably healthy that deteriorated despite those things. Though as I have also known people who don't seem to be harmed by a sedentary lifestyle, I've known far more people who are clearly affected by such a lifestyle, both physically and mentally. Granted, I am talking about my personal experience and not a scientific study. Also remember that you are 30 and not 50. I did mention how I've seen people essentially become 40 at age 25-30, but I'm sure there are exceptions. There are also some factors that complicate this: - Junk food is defined differently depending on who you ask. Much of what I eat is "junk food" in the sense that it's mostly red meat, fat, cheese, and some fish, yet I weigh 145 lbs and always check out fine during physical exams. Someone can also eat food that isn't commonly considered healthy, but they may also not eat very much of it. The French are a good example of the latter as the common French diet includes lots of carbohydrates and sugar, yet they don't have nearly the obesity problem of America, and it's suspected that them not eating as much of it is a significant factor. (Americans often value quantity over quality) - As I hinted at a few times, calorie intake is actually a factor in how a person ages. If I remember correctly, a 400 calorie deficit slows aging slightly, and it has something to do with activating a protection of the chromosomes during mitosis, but it's not really understood by researchers as to why this happens. Note : This is highly speculative on my part, so keep that in mind. I do suspect that this plays a part in why some people I know age so poorly, and these same people also consume large amounts of food. Please don't just believe what I say, though. :) - Sugar, which added to nearly everything you buy from the grocery store, has been linked to aging in that it causes oxidation in cells causing damage to proteins. I can't remember how the specific process works, but I think you can look up Advanced Glycation End Products and get a better explanation. - Many people have this idea that consuming fats of any kind is bad. They really need to get this bad science out of their heads, but it's a zombie theory that doesn't want to die. I remember being taught about how bad fat was in the nutrition class I had in high school, and it's pretty bogus as fat is needed by the body in many ways, including brain function and synthesizing hormones. You can get away without it for a long time, but I don't think that it's sustainable, and maintaining a low fat diet probably has long-term consequences on cognitive function. I know I've gotten way off-point here in explaining my hypotheses, but my point really was that $AGE != $ABILITY. Someone who is in their 50s could keep up with a person in their 20s, but might be rejected because their hair is too grey, which is sad. The best thing one can do for themselves, if they want to continue their career into their late adulthood, is live both for now and then; eat good healthy food and exercise now, eat good junk food occasionally, and maybe you'll still be coding and jumping into the mosh pit when you're 55. Everyone's body is different, but certain decisions you make will improve your odds of being in better health later on, and those decisions aren't a losing bet. EDIT: It might sound like I'm advocating for some specific diet, but I am really not. I like the things that Elon Musk has done and tried, but what irritates me are all the sycophants in the media who think he's a genius wizard rather than a smart entrepreneur and don't take some of his claims with a grain of salt. I go back and forth on the whole fluoridation issue. I personally think that a proper diet negates any reason to us fluoride, and ingesting it intuitively seems like a bad idea. Not sure if that's rational. But that's why I buy toothpaste containing Novamin rather than fluoride. (strangely, you can only buy it from overseas and they pulled it off the shelves in the US) He's comparing it to Unity, which makes no sense to me at all. If there was a statement more like comparing apples to oranges, I haven't heard of it yet. @komali2 You're kidding, right? China is a world power, for sure, but even they know that the US would kick their assets in every way. They have potentially more foot-power, but the US could get away without ground troops at this point. The GPS satellites, the ones that the US owns and are used by every other nation, could be easily shut off or locked if China started a conflict. Sure, they might try to launch their own, but that takes a lot of time and money, and wouldn't be too difficult to sabotage. The US has like, what, 11 aircraft carriers? Last I read, China had 1 and it was a hand-me-down from Russia. The US, as of this last year, has laser technology to shoot down missiles, and I don't think even Russia has this yet. China owns part of the US's debt in treasury bonds, which only the US can honor; so if they want their money to start building up to a war, the US could basically say no and there'd be little that China could do about it. China will do what they can to stay a world power, but it doesn't make financial sense for them to compete militarily with the US when they can profit from competing with the US economy. While the Chinese economy has waxed and waned, like anything else, they have done exceptionally well being an economical force rather than a militant one. I think this can be shown in the fact that many quality products are being produced by Chinese companies, which wasn't really happening a decade ago. Now they are at a point where they can take advantage of certain foolish decisions that the US has made that have stalled it's scientific research, like dismantling large portions of the space program and putting heavy regulations on stem cell research, to name a few. I am making a prediction here, but I think far more scientific advancements will be coming from China in the decades to come. And I think that's a very good thing. To be honest, working with Oracle tech would be reason enough for me to quit my job and work elsewhere. We've now witnessed decades of Oracle's business practices and I really wouldn't bother with any of it at this point. Just using their junkware helps them thrive by turning employers into enablers. Hollywood is just getting it's comeuppance, just like cable and taxis, for trying to remain 20+ years in the past. Seems like they should be worried less about a monopoly and more about becoming bloated and obsolete. Cry me a river, Hollywood. You lagged behind in technology and overcharged people on mostly garbage content laced with lots of advertising. Bet you're real pissed that a few newcomers have better digital products, are cheaper, and produce far better content than you do. Here we go again. When you say things like that, a casual reader might think you're implying that there are next to no middle class black people or, worse, that people are intentionally avoiding black people and not typical inner city crime. A neighborhood with no black people? Bollocks. Unless you can demonstrate struck Ural racism, as opposed to just stating it, your entire second paragraph seems specious. *structural If you are using LESS or Sass, it's really not hard at all to only include the parts of Bootstrap that you need. In my experiences, I often need just need maybe half of it and don't bother much with the Javascript stuff. I don't think Bootstrap really has performance or size as a first priority. It's really just a big toolkit, ready to go so you can whip out a functioning app. It's things lIke this that destroy any enthusiasm over Microsoft doing things like bring Bash to Windows. Clearly, nothing has changed in Microsoft's business practices, and we can't let PR like "Microsoft loves Linux" fool us. Baller might as well still be CEO. All disease? I hope they mean specifically pathogens, because there are plenty of diseases that are caused by other things or have unknown causes, and you can throw ten times the net worth of Facebook at them and they probably wouldn't be cured noticeably sooner. If it's just pathogens, I could believe that if we programmed nanoprobes that could target them, making antibiotics/antivirals permanently obsolete. I was about to dismiss them for only supporting PHP, which I remember from using them years ago. Turns out they now support Ruby and Node.js! And they install MariaDB instead of Oracle MySQL. Pretty nice. I'll have to try them out again sometime. The page probably needed to "pop" more, so the designers added a little more zazz to it. Why? Disk space is plentiful and costs peanuts, and is becoming cheaper by the day. What's there to gain from having shared libraries other than that it's psychologically satisfying? Having been a Linux user for 12 years, I feel like it's of very limited benefit and has lots of drawbacks. Is there something I am not understanding? > They have users, which is their only claim to viability, but notably, they have never made a profit. I am SO glad that someone else realizes this. Many journalists, and lots of regular people subsequently, mistake revenue for profit. GIMP is wonderful and I've gotten away without using Photoshop because of it for over 10 years. Sure, I'm not a graphics designer, but GIMP really isn't made for professional graphic designers. I just wish that the plugin community around GIMP didn't slow down so much, and that GEGL would eventually be 100% implemented(meaning actual CMYK, non-destructive filters, etc). I know that GEGL is kinda there, but it's not fully there still after over 6 years. What may give GIMP a huge edge over Photoshop one day is if it can be ported to the browser with Emscripten. I would love to see something similar for Goldeneye/Perfect Dark. I've been slowly but surely working on building a demo FPS engine using very minimalist implementation to learn about game dynamics, and I'd love to hear what sort of technical challenges were faced at Rare and how they developed their(albeit simplistic) enemy AIs with pathfinding. So is your alternative to let kids grow up with full-time criminal parents? I find it hard to believe that children are more likely to become criminals themselves if their parents are behind bars(i.e. not in the picture most of the time). > We too casually jail people without actual convictions and pretend it's OK because they aren't being held as convicts. But the kids are impacted just the same. Is there a better alternative? And are you suggesting that a significant number of people are being held in jail indefinitely without convictions? I find that hard to believe. I'm not saying that it doesn't happen, but I don't know that it's as much of a problem as you seem to be framing it to be. Not sure why I am being downvoted. Is Webster's Dictionary too offensive to some? I think it depends on the interaction. If it behaves more like a toy than a tool, I could see it being kind of embarrassing. Then again, imagine just how annoying it would be to have people walking around in a museum saying "Asteria, tell me about this painting." and then the device blurts out some description from Google without using an inside voice. I rarely have the sort of experiences on SO that some seem to have. From my witnessing the kind of frustration friends have had with SO, and from experiencing my own occasional mistakes, I think some people are just poor at stating an actual question, but can describe their problem in detail, which is fine except often just talking about a problem without conveying the direction one is looking to go towards isn't helpful to others. Some people also just get offended really easily. Perhaps it comes from a past of spending time on very Machiavellian BBSes, but my skin is rather thick and I've only once run into a complete jerk on the Stack Exchange system, though not on Stack Overflow. It's easy to complain about any system, but what do we really have that's better than Stack Exchange? Quora? Yahoo Answers? lol Maybe Experts Exchange, but the userbase hasn't been nearly as large as SE in years. I personally like the fact that SO/SE is so strict because, for all the power of the internet, there is mostly incorrect information on it. I'd much rather some people get dissatisfied with it, and that some of my questions get closed or downvoted easily, than have to wade through a ton of duplicate questions with answers that appear to be written by 12 year olds. The only thing that I wish SO would implement is mandatory explanations for downvotes. Upvotes help a question get attention so there really isn't a big need for an explanation, but a negative score from a few voters early on can prevent a perfectly valid question from ever being taken seriously. This has happened to me on a couple occasions where I knew that the question was valid and the body properly formatted, but someone just didn't like the question for whatever reason. It's a good thing that a bounty can fix this, but I shouldn't have to spend 100+ of my points just because one or two people didn't like that I was asking a question that supposedly every programmer should know and I'm an idiot for asking it. I have no clue what people are talking about when it comes to a "signal to noise" ratio; Stack Exchange is one of the least noisy sites I've ever seen. How were these questions stated? Whenever I have seen this happen, it's because the user was behaving like they were posting on a vBulletin help forum. For example, the title might be "question about rails" and the body might say something like "Uploads don't work. Here's my controller code." There are two problems here. First, no actual question is being asked. There may be an implicit question, but that's not what SO is about as it isn't terribly helpful to those searching for answers. Second, the user may be missing so much fundamental knowledge about the subject that a sufficient answer would require more work than is worth anyone's time, and would contain more information than is in the scope of a single specific question. SO is meant for answers to precise problems, and isn't a tutorial site. Sure, some people may post good answers, but the question may be too nebulous if it exists at all. I really don't see that kind of thing happen often enough to be a big deal, but that's the only sort of case I have seen get the treatment that you describe. As I have said before, I would rather have some of my questions be rejected on some basis than have SO be a complete garbage dump. In contrast to other sites in general, SO/SE is very clean. Yikes, I wouldn't want to stare at those images too long. Very cool stuff, though. Could have an impact on the 3D animation industry. I have a better idea: Let's focus all the money and effort we would spend on getting to Mars and living on its wasteland, and use it to understand the human mind and digitize it into a realm not individually constrained by physics? I actually think that may be a more realistic and practical goal, and our quality of lives could be much better. I mean, what do we really get from living somewhere like Mars? A storage compartment for excess humans? To what end? What will happen to it when we cure aging? The idea of terraforming Mars cracks me up. Maybe when Musk completes his hyperloop will also be when I start taking him more seriously. > We get to experience the Brand New again. So what? Does it improve the human experience more than addressing human biology & cognition? > We get to leave behind a planet whose ecosystem has been screwed by its current population and try to make the right choices on a new one. Unless you can substantiate that claim, I don't necessarily agree. You are also speculating that we would somehow make better choices with a different planet than this one. Not that it's impossible, but I find it hard to believe. Are you saying that it is more practical to terraform a planet that doesn't support life than to address existing environmental issues on Earth? > Because it's hard[...] That's not a very good reason to do anything. It might give people motivation to do things, but "because it's hard" speaks nothing to what we stand to benefit from doing said thing. There are plenty of things that are hard to do, like building a giant pogo stick that can bounce you into outer space, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's worth the time and money to do. That point is not in dispute. What I think would be better than spending the amount of effort and time to get to Mars, which I am unconvinced solves our long term problems in any way, would be to better pool those resources into solving the root issues that afflict humanity like aging, pathogens, degenerative diseases, the need for so much food, the pollution we create, and the resources we consume. Working towards changing the human into something better, whether it be through improving our own hardware(biology) or bringing us into a digital realm(cognition). If we don't do that sooner, we're more likely to continue to suffer from the problems we are inevitably facing and end up, as I said earlier, turning planets into mere storage compartments. We can certainly do multiple things at once, but resources are not infinite, and I don't think all avenues of spending those resources make sense. What makes you think I'm trolling? I like the idea of space travel as much as the next person; I just remain unconvinced that colonizing Mars or even deep space really solves any existential problems for humanity beyond... providing more space. There's nothing radical about not believing that space travel is an answer to anything in and of itself. Apparently there's something deeply wrong for not agreeing with Elon Musk, yet nobody has stepped up to say anything except "troll". Seriously now, what's troll-like about thinking that there's more promise in improving the human being than in colonizing Mars? If anything, diverting resources to improving the human hardware might get us to Mars faster . Granted, I'm not sure I'd want to go there, but something like Mars could become much more like visiting a national park once you don't have to worry about things like oxygen, radiation, extreme temperatures, etc. Sounds like a great way to build a custom render farm. My home comouter has a dirt cheap GPU but it works well enough for basic modeling & animation. Terrible for rendering, though. I've been thinking of using ECS to build a cluster of renderers for Maya that I can spin up when needed and scale to the appropriate size. I don't know for certain if it's cheaper than going with a service, but it sounds like it is(render farm subscriptions cost hundreds), and I would get complete control over the software being used. I am glad to hear that Amazon is doing this. Granted, I'm more of a hobbyist in this arena, so maybe it wouldn't work for someone more serious about creating graphics. The interface is the one thing that has kept me far away from Blender. Maya has many faults but, in the end, it has a UI philosophy that let's you reach escape velocity once you understand it. I have given Blender a chance many times, and every time, its interface makes my head hurt. It has improved, for sure, but still doesn't beat Maya in many ways. This is in now way a wish of poor luck to Blender as a project. Oh wow, I can't believe that Rome is #2! That's one of my all-time favorite shows and I've only ever known 1 other person who has even heard of it. I really do recommend it to anyone who likes historical drama with spare-no-expense sets, costumes and visual effects. Very interesting analysis. If this is accurate, they should get rid of that attitude, pronto, as they have the highest potential of being on the scientific forefront(or at least that of medical science). You took the words right out of my mouth. It has more to do with ego than everything else, and you can tell because most competing tools, in JS anyway, don't have a significant edge over the others and are largely the same tool reimplemented without much of a concrete goal besides "performance" and "scalability ". Like you said, taking an existing tool with a deficiency and rewriting it from scratch without that deficiency. Advances have occurred for sure, but not without some massive failures from not having a good roadmap. Brute force, in other words. The projects that do have more concrete goals and vastly different methodologies in the JS world happen to be low in popularity, relatively speaking. I wonder if the inflated egos in the JS community comes from all the talk of "Node.JS is the future" in recent years. There aren't nearly as many competing projects in the Ruby world, or Python or even PHP. Unless we are fighting commies, I suspect any positive feelings from such PR will end up short-lived. I hope I am wrong, though. Men strive for resources because women used to rely heavily on men for those resources. It's really kind of weird how this ends up being an epiphany for many people, though I find it painfully obvious. Men and women are not difficult to understand if you don't look through the "blank slate" prism. > The same character cannot be used consecutively Doesn't that drastically lower the number of attempts required to exhaustive-search a password from a hash? Especially if people are using passwords as short as 7 characters. Even if not, that's one of the most moronic password rules I have heard. On a side topic, why isn't there a sort of escrow for research groups where they can receive money and return results without knowing who is funding them? Or does such a thing exist? That might be a great way for a person to tell how much credibility a study has, besides the actual methodologies used. This sounds a lot like how many large tech firms operate. I'm not saying that you are wrong, but that it's easy to point out "big" whatevery and forget where our dollar bills come from. Silicon Valley is by no means clean of business practices that include misinformation and "disruptive" anti-competitive practices. Can we really blame Big Soda forever? @praptak Sure, it is. It just wasn't invalidating what was said. The point I was making is that we don't scrutinize many businesses to the same degree as tobacco, for example, and if we do we certainly don't hold it against them for very long. Why treat Coke or Pepsi differently? I guess one could argue because it has a direct effect upon our health. Even then, I wouldn't necessarily conclude that they are trying to influence their own studies or cherry pick data. I would be suspicious of it, though. What you said is something I had in mind. While nefarious corporations might not even bother, I don't doubt that there are plenty of businesses out there who can hypothesize a high likelihood that a study will work in their favor and, therefore, it might be worth facilitating the research in a way to try and limit their influence. Granted, this is assuming a best-case universe where enough people actually care whether a study was done this way or not. Then again, maybe it's one of those things that should be tried to see what happens. As much as I too love Quest bars(the cookie dough one is insanely good), I'm not so sure I agree on the nutrient content: http://files.soylent.com/pdf/bar-nutrition-facts-en.pdf http://www.questnutrition.com/protein-bars/choc-chip-cookie-... Granted, they are trying to do different things; Soylent tastes like crap but has a lot of nutrients(supposedly a "complete" meal), whereas Quest is higher in protein and lower in sugar while tasting terrific. Personally, I would still choose Quest over Soylent because I suspect that the idea that we need a constant intake of a wide variety of nutrients isn't really true. I'm not denying that we definitely need vitamins and minerals, but experience of going months eating very few vegetables(and almost entirely meat and cheese) has caused no noticeable health effects in me besides weight loss. We're made to think that we've got to eat a ton of vegetables and even take supplements, which I think might be more clever marketing than anything else. I was barely awake when just having this problem last night, but SVG sprites(a bunch of icons in 1 s SVG file) have very limited support in CSS. In Chrome, it doesn't even work to specify a sprite symbol ID as a background URL, for example, even though that would be the most straight forward way to use sprites as icons IMO. CSS icons can have the same effect of having the icons being bundled in a single request while actually working. lol Ah, that's a pretty decent workaround. Though I'm not a fan of putting encoding encoded information into style sheets, I'm not exactly against it either. Though the method I wanted to use would work if it weren't for the existing icons symbols inside of sprites, which seems to be only supported in Firefox's CSS. For example: ``` [... a bunch of paths] [...] ``` ``` label:before { background: url('/path/to/my.svg#helloworld') no-repeat; } ``` I could, of course, break the icons out of the symbol tags, as done here: https://css-tricks.com/svg-fragment-identifiers-work/ It's just disappointing that while referencing symbols works just fine with a tag, it doesn't work as a CSS url property value. I'm not sure why that would be. EDIT: Yes, I'm sorry, I know this isn't Stack Overflow. Though I think the above(without symbol tags of course) may be the best alternative to pure-CSS icons if your graphics are more complicated. > Deal with Amazon's new, terrible delivery service. Oh my god, this. I also never seem to get same-day delivery, despite it being "guaranteed". Amazon seems to have a completely different definition of what a guarantee is. I have also had more damaged items from their own delivery than even FedEx, which is pretty sad when you think about it. I wish they would just buy FedEx and turn it around rather than use their existing rag tag delivery service. I wonder how this could be set up to work on error pages; could this keep pages working even if the server returned a a 503? Such a concept would be pretty useful for a media company, like the one I work for, which mostly serves static content. Interestingly, I have no issuse on mobile Chrome. Why can't Facebook filter out whatever they want to filter out? I mean, you wouldn't want to see penises all over your feed, and not everyone necessarily agrees with you about the appearance of breasts(except me, I want more breasts on my Facebook), so I can understand why Facebook would make such a decision without necessarily deeming it as wrong. Nobody has to use Facebook. And their main criterion, "is the internet raising a large enough stink", seems perfectly reasonable to me. But what a weird world we live in that a short-lived incident about womens' breasts ending with an apology from Facebook gets a news story. Then again, it's the BBC, so I shouldn't be surprised. If I were running a business, here are the options as I'd see them: Option A) Spend no money and experience an outage maybe once a year, if that. And the problem works itself out. Option B) Spend money and gain technical debt to avoid a problem that happens maybe once a year, if that. Which one would you pick? I mean, maybe if everything you have is closed-source or you are guaranteeing 99.9% uptime to your customers, perhaps option B makes sense. Otherwise, the choice seems fairly obvious to me. Not that I'm saying that you're completely wrong, but you're oversimplifying the problem and the solution to it. Your last statement is not necessarily true; you have to balance the cost and how much of a PITA it is to set up and maintain vs how much money would be lost by disgruntled customers for a single rare outage. Granted, it depends on the kind of business you are running, but not every business is so fragile. In fact, I'd say that most(as in >50%) are not that fragile. Even better when you can simply put the blame on someone else, which everyone can do in our case right now. Better than MongoDB, how? The article says nothing about MongoDB. Looks an awful lot like Heroku. Dairy products are highly variant, depending on what the cows are fed. If it's organic, it's possible that it's also grass-fed or something along those lines. A Node.js skeleton, Express and/or AWS SDK, and PouchDB. I'm not sure what I should be impressed by. Maybe there's some real technical feat happening here, but I feel like a basic mad-libs style algorithm could produce something better. It should be noted that erythritol is not known for causing gastrointestinal issues. I don't really understand why we even use xylitol or sorbitol. bingo Yeah, I don't really get it. Then again, most distributions are pretty redundant at this point. I mean, how hard is it really to install Debian and type 'sudo apt-get install whatever'? Fancy distros, for the most part, are just repackaged Debian/Ubuntu/Arch, and should be desktop environment "flavors" that you install separately. There are some exceptions, but I find that the most derivitive distros purposely remove crap from even the most barebones Debian or they are very single-purpose. If I need a workstation OS, I am going to tailor it to my exact needs. Makes no sense to me to use a lesser-supported distro if I am just going to rip it apart anyway. I feel like more programmers than not will end up doing that. Am I wrong there? Not to get too political, but I find the idea that the internet is better being decentralized and non-corporate to be the new Libertarianism. Sure, these ideas sound nice, just like how "small government" and "free market", but how well do they work in practice on a large scale? Don't get me wrong, I'm not necessarily against such concepts as ideals, but in the end they are hard to implement in their pure form as the entire system gets larger and they aren't without consequence. An internet not dominated by Google, Facebook, Reddit, Amazon, etc., sounds great because, well, screw the man, man! Let's go back to 1999(or better yet, the 80's so we can connect to dial-up BBSes for free by routing through a bunch of local numbers, because, screw the man!). I know I'm hyperbolizing here a little bit, but it seems silly and pointless. The vast majority of users don't want this. There seems to be a common fixation on objects "modeling the real world" with the counter argument for classes being that they don't model the real world. True, there isn't a physical chair class in real life(philosophically, there aren't even chairs), but there is a common abstract idea of what would describe the function and attributes of a chair. Granted, it differs a little from person to person, but objects themselves are all different in some way. As far as I can tell, in most OO languages, there's no reason why classes must use inheritance, though I am certainly willing to be schooled in that regard. Inkscape is a gem! I'm glad more people seem to know of it than did even 5 years ago. I haven't tried 0.92 yet, but the one problem I have had with it is the macOS version, which requires X11 and has more problems with the window manager than even GIMP. Realistically, it's better to run these programs in a VM on macOS, sadly. On Linux & Windows, it is awesome and I have yet to encounter a circumstance where I couldn't achieve something that could be done in Illustrator. I find it interesting how people still don't like GIMP. I always suspect people want it to be like Photoshop, but now I don't know. With single window mode, I have virtually no complaints. (beyond the continual lack of CMYK support, which prevents wider adoption) For those developing Inkscape, I hope you realize that your efforts have helped me professionally, as I have regularly used it to design graphics and icons for web development at my work. Thank you! I just hope they leave the design alone and don't try enforcing their hideous design philosophy upon it. (Why do big tech companies think that making all their software look the same helps anyone or makes them more money?) This is why I disable images by default in my email client. A few points I don't think anyone has mentioned yet: - Ruby has less of a learning curve in contrast to a lot of other languages, though the margin is definitely narrowing with ECMAScript That's actually a pretty neat idea. I'd much rather be running Windows on Linux than Linux on Windows. Too bad they'll never do it. What a coincidence that this gets written right as I decide to ditch television and begin going out to see films again. I already watch the least television out of anyone in my peer group(when I do watch anything, it's usually educational & self-development content on Youtube), yet I feel that I've come to an understanding about what this "television renaissance" really is. * from here on out, I'm using the word "television" to mean both TV & streaming. While there we have seen some excellent writing for television in recent years, and while there are more than 400 scripted shows being produced for both television and streaming, I'd argue that most of it is trash. Now hear me out, because I know that word gets used in a relative sense, but I'm trying to be objective here. I call it trash because as well-produced as these shows are(in terms of acting, sets, effects), few people that I know, including myself, actually watch these shows all the way through to their last season. From the conversations I've had with people, it sounds like a common thing to binge through a couple of seasons of a given show, get bored of it, and then move on to another one of the hundreds of available shows. Is this really such a good thing? Is this better than the state of the film industry at its height? I've started asking myself these questions a lot lately, as my experience tells me the average person isn't getting a whole lot of lasting satisfaction out of a given show yet they are spending an inordinate amount of time "bingeing". The film industry screwed itself in the behind for more reasons than are in the linked story. Big studios are well-known for destroying the creative process and watering down what might otherwise become a classic. Evidence of this can be found in interviews by writers & producers who, years after they've cut their ties with studios, feel safe to talk about what "could have been" if the executives didn't return scripts with a bunch of notes and lines crossed out. So not only did we end up seeing a lot of inferior products at the cinema, but we were paying out the ass for it; somehow we were paying over $20 to watch mediocre films while sitting in dirty theaters, and people gradually caught on to the fact that it sucks. On top of that, we they began subjecting us to loud video advertisements before the trailers would run. But then why would I go back to film, you might ask? Well, I'm fortunate to live in LA, and we do have a lot of "arthouse" cinemas that have a far superior experience, if you are willing to look for them. There are still lots of independent and foreign films being made that are at least decent and break the mold of the average Hollywood blockbuster. More importantly, I think it's healthier to see a film every once in a while, and actually be around other human beings, than be at home eating diet ice cream while Netflix autoplays. Films also tend to have a story that has to be complete in at least 1.5 hours; contrast that with the J.J. Abrams style of television show that's common these days, where we're lead by a carrot on a stick for several episodes(possibly entire seasons!) by some idea that seems neat but actually has very little payoff, only to be then redirected to a more enigmatic carrot on a stick(e.g. Lost's "hatch" or the "maze" in Westworld). With film, the worst that can happen is you lost a couple hours out of your life, and that doesn't happen that often for me. Meanwhile, I've known people who watch entire seasons of mediocre shows just because those shows are new, and that's a lot of hours that could definitely be spent doing something better. What a coincidence that those same people have energy levels far below what they should have for their age! EDIT: I forgot to include the real point I want to make: people will realize that they are overvaluing the time they are spending in front of the tube, and there will come a point where the film industry makes a comeback. What people are feeling as "framework churn" is probably more like framework uncertainty. For just Youtube, I use this script with Tampermonkey: https://github.com/gantt/downloadyoutube I don't think I've ever updated it. It's just worked even during times when Youtube-dl required an update to start working again. Makes it a little more convenient because it adds a download dropdown to the video page. These days, I use it to download all the good stuff because I've had too many experiences of good content disappearing forever. NewPipe also serves as a good youtube downloader for Android. It sounds like the book in reference is talking more about clinical depression than, well, depression as a phenomenon. I'm not going to pretend like I don't still have issues to work out, but I've been heavily depressed many times in my life, and I eventually thought of an interesting question that changed my outlook: Watch some of those old home videos of you from when you were around 7 years old. The age isn't that important, but I think that's a golden number in this case. Look at that boy or girl who is playing in the fountain, popping bubbles, imagining dogfights with toy airplanes, and shouts "YEAH!" when asked if they want to ride the sled down the hill again. Is that child fundamentally who you are? Why not? Granted, this won't apply to everyone. I've known people personally whose early childhoods were lousy. But there are lots of people out there who, like me, are fundamentally happy, curious, and enthusiastic, but were lied to by society. Society told us big lies, such as that we can't be truly happy unless we have things to demonstrate our status. We're told that, by a certain age, we should have a significant other, cars, gadgets, a "career", and more. If we get the sequence wrong, or it doesn't happen on time, we disappoint ourselves. Even when we get those things, they're rarely as satisfying to have as we thought they'd be. This is largely because we sacrificed our inner child in order to seek the approval of everyone else, only to discover that most people around you don't actually care if you have any of those things. It doesn't matter how many things you have to show off your status -- if you're being a miserable person, you're not going to get the approval or acceptance that you're seeking. The idea of "loving yourself" first seems cliche and silly, and I thought it was, but there's a lot of truth in it. Taking a look back to childhood, before you were tainted by negative experiences, might give you the best insight into who you are. I began to feel much happier the more I got in touch with that 7 year old boy who only needed the unconditional love from his parents and an unabashed imagination. Getting in touch with your child doesn't mean behaving like a child, but it does mean learning how you could once experience happiness without the need to show status, own the latest fancy toys, have a "respectable" job, have an attractive partner, a backyard, retirement plan, yada yada yada. The irony of learning who you are through your child, and rejecting the lies of society, is that you can re-learn to be self-amused and radiate those positive emotions, which will get you far more approval and status than you could get with anything else. It might not be true for everyone, sure. But if that "missing piece" to your life has been inside you the whole time, and you aren't seeking it out, that's tragic. P.S. I know that clinical depression is not the same. I have first-hand experience with this, and I certainly wouldn't tell someone with serious issues in their life or inexplicable depression to just "be happy". I stopped shopping there because the quality of both their produce and their salad bar food plummeted a year ago. Their fruit isn't as fresh as it used to be, and they now serve the same cheap slop at their salad/hot bar. There isn't much variety anymore, either. These things are true of any Whole Foods in SoCal I'd been visiting. I also question how well they treat their employees since they all seem perpetually malcontented. Meanwhile, Trader Joes employees continue to behave genuinely friendly and seem relatively happy. I even prefer shopping at Sprouts which doesn't have as big a selection(aside from their massive supplements section) but it's a less pretentious atmosphere and has more reasonably priced produce that's actually fresh. Millenials(pukes in own mouth for using said term) aren't as brand-loyal as their parents were and are quick to ditch a brand when something better & faster comes along. Just because they're "Whole Foods" doesn't mean that they can stay complacent or start behaving like an average grocery store without sudden consequences. The only part of the article that seems to suggest what the HN title implies is this: > As further examples are provided, the code behind the model is rewritten, and the probabilities tweaked. I'm curious as to whether or not the word "code" in this context literally means language code or if it was being used as a journalistic device(to avoid confusing the reader about something more complicated but not necessarily language code). Most of his parodies are more clever than the originals, IMO. I say this in an objective sense because there have been multiple instances in my life where a song came on in some circumstance, and someone started singing the Weird Al version. I don't know about his more recent albums, but half of his songs were original and I liked many of those even better. "Good Old Days" is absolutely hilarious. XUL has always been pretty terrible, IMO. But it has advantages over Chrome-style addons. Should Firefox support WebExtensions? I'd say absolutely yes. Should Mozilla remove XUL support? I'd say probably not. Or at least it should be optional, as there are clearly some people who want full control of their browser. I'm not one of those people, but I understand where they're coming from, and it would be like a food company deciding that they're getting rid of their other flavors and are just going to sell the one flavor that the competitor is selling out. Unless Firefox has an edge over Chrome, or even Chromium, there's very little reason for me to use it. This is coming from someone who was a Firefox evangelist for years since 2005. Also, the Electrolysis project taking forever is one reason I ditched Firefox for Chrome, and I suspect I'm not the only one. It was only late last year that it finally got released(I think?), and that was a project being talked about at least since 2010. Chrome had process-per-tab a few years before that, and there was even word that Chrome was being developed in that direction long before its release. Firefox took nearly a decade to compete. Dev Bootcamp circa 2013 alumnus here. I can't speak for how bootcamps are now, or the state in which DBC exists in 2017, but I can say that my cohort(s) were made up of lots of men and women and people ranging from border-line genius level to those with no programming experience. Those who came out and landed careers were the same individuals who had the drive and the passion, plain & simple. A person looking to be handed knowledge on a silver platter, eventually leading to a golden key to land a job, will be sadly mistaken no matter what kind of school they go to. As others have said, it would be good for her to start learning to program on her own so she can see if she actually has any interest. It will sound cruel for me to say this but, if she hasn't already taken the initiative herself, the chances are low that she's cut out for it. Note that what I said just now is strictly my opinion. It certainly doesn't mean it's too late for her to begin now, but the drive is super important. This is coming from someone who went into a field knowing very little about it but expecting that passing the courses was going to land them a high-paying job. I switched to programming because I was forced to look in my heart and decide whether or not I was going to struggle to bestow bad art on to the world(as if there isn't too much already) for some short-lived glory. Plus I was already programming and already had the drive; I just needed reality and some good people to give me a good kick in the right direction for me. Determining the legitimacy of a boot camp is difficult. I don't know that you really can. But what I got out of my boot camp was not so much an education but the space and the resources to accelerate my process into taking a full dive into web development, Agile, etc. On a technical level, there's almost nothing that a boot camp does that you can't get out of an online course. Heck, you could form your own "boot camp" with a Meetup group and spend maybe 1/100 the amount you'd spend on a boot camp tuition. A person has to go into a boot camp expecting a space, resources, and some leadership, rather than a concrete curriculum. At the end of the day, you can work for a company and not even include your education on your resume so long as the work that you have done stands out. The thing about CSS is you can alter the properties very easily. You can use things like opacity to fake some things with gifs, but you can't change line thickness or color. My experience with SVG is that some things are easy to change with CSS and some aren't, depending on the browser. Support for SVG as background images is poor, so you have to have a bunch of tags declaring the file path or sprite in your markup if you need to use one graphic in multiple places. Using just CSS animation with pseudo elements, your graphic is declared in one place and can be easily changed and reused. Improvements to SVG support would make those advantages null, but that's why I have been using more CSS for small icons(eg indicators) and using SVGs for graphics(things like logos that will only show up on the page once). Um, no thanks. Most of that content is uninteresting, free with an antenna, and loaded with commercial breaks. I would rather spend that money for a season pass on Amazon, or to go out and see a movie once a month. If money weren't an issue, my time is still better spent on Netflix or watching lectures by smart people on YouTube. I guess its fine if they want to attract the geriatric crowd, but I cant imagine people in my generation paying that much for a vastly inferior experience. As others have said, a cheaper day pass would be better, as there still is a place for live content. Whether or not that should be a form of life support for the old guard corporate media empire, that's up to you. Yet another reason for me to continue a divorce from Google. I may even leave Gmail at this point. So far, I have switched to Duck Duck Go for searches, switched to Chromium, use NewPipe instead of the YouTube app, and have disabled all Google software on my phone. I will still have to use Docs at my work, but my personal life will be almost free of Google when I get a viable alternative to Chromecast. I just can't continue to support a company that has morphed itself into Ballmer-era Microsoft and actively tries to destroy the web with abominations like AMP. I haven't done a whole lot of looking. It's just the most recent thing on my mind. I used to have a Roku and it was pretty good. The more important thing is being able to stream videos from my computer(or at least my network drive), as opposed to being able to play Netflix, which I have my Xbox for. The problem with YouTube for me is that there's a lot of great content on there that's hard to get anywhere else. I spend a lot of my "free" time listening to lectures on various topics, and nothing can compare with YouTube in the sheer volume of monetarily-free intellectual content. NewPipe at least takes away the ad revenue from YouTube/Google/Alphabet and doesn't force me to eat up my 4G bandwidth with HD video I'd rather just listen to audio for. I support all my favorite content creators through Patreon. I know it sounds kind of scummy to free-load, but I'd have little problem watching their ads if Google hadn't been behaving the way they have and if they weren't making their ads more pervasive. Somehow, cutting myself off from the smartest people in the world share their ideas with me, just because of a moral dilemma in supporting an internet giant, doesn't seem right to me. I'd happily switch to something like Vimeo if it could compare in content, but I don't think it ever will. Cutting off the revenue stream is the only way I can have a sort of vote without losing touch with the world. My tune will change if Google can decrease the level of uncertainty in their products and not be trying to impose its corporate vision of the web. Heck, my actions might change if they stopped having the worst technical support the world has ever seen. The 48 Laws of Power, by Robert Greene. Why does L.A.'s traffic need fixing? We have some of the slowest freeways in the country, yet everybody manages to get to work. They aren't that bad, even the 10. Elon Musk says a lot of things. That's no reason to think there's a problem. Our public transportation isn't that bad either. I agree, our bus system SUCKS in contrast to other states and countries. But the Metro system is actually pretty good. They arrive frequently and have been expanding to new areas. The fact that I can hop on the Gold Line from East Pasadena and take the train all the way to the Natural History Museum, or DTLA, or Santa Monica, or Long Beach is pretty nice. The problem, if you can even call it one, is in the culture. In LA, we choose to live far away from public transit vessels. It's just what we do; we've chosen to build lots of freeways and we're probably going to stick to that long into the driverless-car revolution. It's also not very hard to find somewhere to live along the Metro line and find a workplace nearby a stop. I've done it a few times. Sure, I'm a programmer but, well, choice is a perk you get from having marketable skills. As others have said, one thing that keeps many folks away from public transit is the lack of enforcement; without a doubt, you'll have to sit near one or two sleeping homeless individuals any time you take the Red or Purple Lines. They always smell terrible, and average riders often get tired of this. The Gold Line has more enforcement, but I don't recall ever seeing people in orange vests once on any of the other lines. Metro doesn't seem to care. People in L.A., on average, have it good, and we're spoiled. We should all try living in SF, or NY, or Boston, and then think about complaining about traffic again. I wouldn't hand my computer over to anyone, Geek Squad or not. It's handing the keys to your life over to some person whose motivations you have no idea of. Rather than repair my computer, I would buy a new one. I recommend everyone do the same. Think of it as insurance for your livelihood, and the most guaranteed insurance at that. Well worth the money, especially considering the average lifetime of a laptop. On a similar topic, for those unfamiliar with the Iroquois Confederacy, the wikipedia article itself is an interesting read: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iroquois In essence, they were a sort of "united states" before the United States we know today. Although the wikipedia article provides sparse evidence for this, it's theorized that the 6 Nations influenced the founders in shaping the early [western] American government. So many fascinating aspects of American history and pre-Columbian have been overlooked, sadly, because we have tended to view the natives as either savages or "noble savages". Let's not forget that that '03 to '06 era of "Just F *ing Google It". Do you often find a significant number of CVs listing technologies that are too new for one to have gained any mastery over? ~26 years old is really just the beginning, since the brain isn't even fully developed until that age. The hardware is now complete, so then it becomes more about regularly updating your software(i.e. challenging your knowledge and skills with new information, and not believing you are past your peak). The great thing about having fairly fixed hardware, and hardware that is pretty much like everyone else's, is that you are left with the choice of either maintaining the learning attitude of a child or settling into a role you think you are destined for, effectively closing all sorts of doors willingly. I choose to not think about my age or think of myself as an "adult". I sometimes forget how old I am. I kind of like it. I do but only in the sense that I use it as a sort of bucket that I throw things in and almost never look at again. Basically, no. Stallman only really cares about free software and not really OSS. But I get what you're saying. Ok, that's interesting. My impression from watching his talks is that he does not consider the two ideas as synonymous, in that a software can technically be closed-source but have licensing that is libre-free so that it can be used by whomever however. But perhaps I got it wrong. That sums up my experience pretty accurately. Granted, I lived there almost 10 years ago, so I don't have an accurate picture of what it's like now. I also find it interesting that you say that obesity is a problem there, because I never got that sense during my time in Wellington. The quality of food is incredible, like you say, but people take in a lot of sugar and alcohol. I could see diabetes being a problem, but people were generally thin. Then again, I come from LA where it's not uncommon to see morbidly obese people putting around in electric wheelchairs, so my definition of obesity might be different. I have a buddy who works in IT and lives in Dunedin. Don't really have any other details, but I'd suspect that there are opportunities outside of the two big cities, though they are probably in the few. He seems to enjoy it. Health care was a mixed bag. If I remember correctly, it's pretty socialized. You can see a doctor right away with little or no charge, which is almost unheard of in metropolitan U.S. unless you want to pay through the nose. I also remember spending more time with the doctor per visit, in contrast to my experience in the states where it seems like you might get about 5 good minutes with a doctor. At this point, I've realized that I diagnose myself much better than most doctors, so I just skip the whole waiting process and just buy whatever prescription drugs I need online. I wouldn't even have to go through that hassle if I still lived in NZ. The disadvantage to NZ healthcare, and dental care, is that their practices are sometimes really backwards. Especially with the latter. Dentists are far more likely to just yank out a tooth than try to save one. As an example, they almost pulled out one of my younger sister's front teeth and give her a plate. Obviously, this sucks for a teenage girl(anyone really), and it was for an infection that could have been treated without uprooting the whole tooth. My mother actually consulted our dentist in the U.S., who then called the doctor in NZ to tell him how to treat the tooth without pulling it. This was also at one of the better dentists in Wellington. Granted, this is just one person's experience, but it's in line with what seems like medical practices that seem 15+ years behind in many regards. Overall, my life in NZ was one of the highlights of my life. Despite the challenges, I had so many life changing experiences there. The landscape and hiking are unlike a lot of other places. Everyone is super friendly, smart, and easy to get along with. If you're more introverted and feel out of place where you are, you might enjoy NZ better. I know I did, as I was far more introverted in my teens. Yet that was one of the first times I'd had actual friends who genuinely enjoyed my company. I might be tainted from growing up in LA, but everyone in NZ is far less "fake". The food is great if you're willing to forego Mexican food(of which there is none comparable to the Americas). Is his name Simon? That's a very good point. But maybe it's a theoretical end of the arms race when it comes to predatory ads. I will take ads spoken by the host of a YouTube channel over autoplaying videos, adult dating banners, scrolljacking, and annoying modals any day. If all those things get replaced by advertising that is essentially voluntary and not deceptive or wasteful of computing power, then the ad blocking war may be won. We'll see. Also, your username. lol Exactly. Most concerns about the environment are really anthocentrism in digsuise. Just because it feels bad to you(doesn't feel bad to me), that doesn't have any effect on the validity of that perspective. Of course human consciousness is important to humans, as you pointed out. Did we invent "mattering"? I guess that depends on if you can actually invent an idea, and if there is intelligent life elsewhere. Utilitarianism might be more useful at the societal level, but that still doesn't have any bearing on whether or not an individual position of nihilism is wrong. It might be a good idea that people have views that are incorrect about the environment that result in more biodiversity(though I would guess that biodiversity has diminishing returns), yet not attributing a mystical value to nature can prevent us from wasting our time and resources because our judgment is clouded. There's nothing unproductive about that. There's validity in both positions. I am generally the same in that I only use Facebook for stupid life events and keeping in touch with people. Then again, I'd prefer not to use Facebook at all, but these days you are pretty much a no one without a FB profile. Nobody answers their phone and they hardly even text at this point. Anyway, the problem is that Facebook pretends that it wants to make people "more connected", yet they also want to be the place where people get their news, and the only comments on current events that ever bubble up are the first handful of inflammatory nonsense. Post anything even 30 minutes after the fact, and the likelihood it gets seen drops drastically. Note that this mostly applies to comments made on posts from the media. Make a non-vapid comment on a friend's post, or make a post that's more than a sentence long, and it may never get seen. There were plenty of times when I made posts or comments that should have offended my friends, but when asked if they sae that activity, they had no idea what I was talking about. Yet they somehow always know about my family photos when I add them. I'd be okay with it if Facebook wasn't also full of shit about being a place for discussion and for aggregating news. Sure, you and I can get our news elsewhere, but most people will continue to use the trending posts as a lens to view the world with. For things that arent vapid, I am going to move to Minds.com. I'm getting sick of Zuckerberg. I don't really view what I do as a career anymore. Then again, maybe my definition of career is not the norm. I don't identify myself by my job, and perhaps I'm one of those lucky people who actually enjoys what they do in exchange for money. Still, I am not beholden to my career, and I couldn't be paid all the money in the world to do something that I don't believe in doing. If I feel it's best to work from home, I'm going to do so and if my employer doesn't like it, well, there are plenty of other places that value employee happiness and product over process. Beyond the fact that most people don't understand the work that I do, I hesitate to talk about a "career" as if it's something I have to cling to and have to be careful of hurting. Life may be short, but we often lose perspective of how easy modern life is, in general. Some people have the short end of the stick, and I've had it a few times in my life. But rather than obtaining a career, I'd much rather obtain the ability to give my occupation the middle-finger and just do something else without batting an eye. As far as working from home vs the office, to me it's not about one or the other. With the amount of isolation we have in the modern world, the office can be a more positive force for healthy social interaction than it once was. But sometimes I want to work in the solitude of my home while being able to do a few chores, eat ice cream, etc., while my Docker image gets built. I usually choose to work at home when I especially enjoy what I am working on but am just sick of the office atmosphere. Other times, I have something I'm less interested in but need a "serious" environment for so I can better concentrate. For that, I choose the office. I really hope employers don't read more articles like this and take them the wrong way. This is wonderful! Though I can't believe that Openstax wasn't mentioned. For those interested in some excellent free & open source textbooks, look up Openstax.org. I sometimes read through chapters for the heck of it. My only wish is that they are made available for Kindle. Really makes me sad to look back at my college education and think of all the money I spent on textbooks of comparable quality. I don't know about anyone else, but one reason I wouldn't get into COBOL is I wouldn't want to be that guy who thought he could learn an archaic language but lost the banks millions because of programmer error. I suspect a lot of people simply don't want the kind of responsibility that working with bank mainframes entails, even if they know COBOL. Oh wow, I've never heard of that. (EDIT: I knew what color quantization was but not the algoritm) I, too, want to know the implementation details, as I haven't been that impressed with open source libraries to detect distinct colors. Not that they don't do a decent job, but they seem to fall short of the distinct colors the human eye and brain pick up vs what might be mathematically correct. It really is astounding how people took a once powerful brand and dashed it on the rocks. Granted, there were always numerous unresolvable problems with the concept of online auctions, but eBay also did many things that seem to sabotage their service. I don't know anyone who sells anything there anymore because the majority of disputes are resolved in favor of the crooked buyer. It was also never good for a reasonable person as something about online auctions often causes at least one person to bid ridiculously high on items that aren't even rare. And now I am pretty sure you can't even see sellers' ratings on the results page. At this point, I only ever use eBay to buy prescription medicine from overseas. I just can't understand how someone could let a once household name rot like this. As evidenced by the article, and my own experience, this is another case of a business blindly believing that the customer is always right and forming policies around that flawed idea. Only got it to work once and now the tab just crashes every time. Neat idea, though. I have actually pulled that trick off a few times for things like nav drawers and in over a year we have never gotten a single complaint around one of those elements not working. Of course it's entirely dependent on your audience and what you are trying to achieve, but I have found it very safe to use radio buttons for this purpose in our content. Also reminds me of how Bungie released an update for Halo PC a few years ago to allow multiplayer to continue despite the shutdown of the Gamespy servers. They even included a higher resolution mode(up to 4k!) as part of the patch. Say what you want about Halo or Bungie, but that's an awesome thing to happen for a game that's over a decade old. I have so many great memories playing online multiplayer and making mods while I should have been doing my homework! The fact that there are still communities around these games kind of goes to show that modern variants of their gameplay can be overvalued. I haven't bought a new game in years because classic titles hold up so well and I still get a ton of enjoyment out of them as an adult with limited time on my hands. We wouldn't need any of these techniques if advertisers weren't so abusive.(i know it's been said many times over) If you ever watch really old game shows like "What's My Line?", they sometimes show the same commercials from the 1950s; it's astounding to see commercials and promotions that are relatively short, not overtly distracting, and mostly focus on the merits of the product. If commercials were still like that, I'd probably still have a cable subscription, I might even be paying for Hulu, and I would even have adblock turned off. But the nature of the advertising industry is that if you give them an inch, they'll take a mile and then some. So while there is certainly a valid ethics debate around advertising and ad blocking, until the advertising industry changes their methodology that they've had in place long before ad blocking plugins were invented, I will have next to no sympathy for them no matter how unethical a piece of adblocking software might go. Though it's been said numerous times before, turning off adblock after having it on for a significant amount of time(e.g. to denormalize the prevalence of ads) is all the evidence one needs to see how completely messed up digital advertising still is. Fortunately, many YouTubers and a lot of podcasters have already figured out that the way to go for advertising revenue is not through AdSense or stock preroll ads, but through having hosts themselves endorse a product for a portion of the show(that they have supposedly tried themselves) and making up the rest through Patreon. This harkens back to how many radio shows used to be and, honestly, it works because it's not very repetitive and the fact that the host is speaking for it says something. The corporate world either doesn't understand or like this, and are still gung ho to ram advertising down our throats. Better than adblocking, I rather just don't pay for their overvalued media to begin with. I don't pay for cable, I rarely go to the movies or buy them, I don't pay for Hulu, and I support internet shows that don't rely on AdSense. Life is actually pretty good when you pull most of your plugs. Profession: Web developer - full time, remote flexible, team of 3 developers, 1 project manager, 1 designer [7:00] Alarm goes off [7:45] Actually wakes up, shaves [8:00] Jumps in the shower, brushes teeth [8:15] Gets dressed [8:25] Drives to 7-11 for a Rockstar Zero and Quest Bar [8:35 - 8:45] Boards the train [9:10] Arrives at work [9:15] Yells at computer with Black Screen Of Death caused by IT department remotely installing security updates, or keychain failing to update to my new password, etc. [9:30] Actually gets computer in a working state. Dicks around for 20 minutes on Facebook & HN. [9:40] Morning restroom time [9:50] Team standup and then I try to actually get into my zone [10:30] A minor issue happens with one of our services. Someone asks me how a piece of 5+ year old code works and why it's failing. Tracks down bug for a few hours. [12:30] Lunch time [1:30] Begins actual work [3:00] Gets a request to quickly implement something because it "should be simple". [5:00] Heads home [5:45] Stops at grocery store to buy a block of cheddar cheese [6:15] Arrives home, melts the cheese in the microwave, and eats it for dinner [7:00] Works out for a few hours, often playing Xbox on my treadmill or working on shoulder strength with my total gym [9:00] Has some Muscle Milk and some brazil nuts [10:00] Takes a long shower because I don't pay for water [10:25] Crashes on bed with laptop playing some lecture In my experience, mostly no. But that could have been painted by the fact that I, too, was the fat kid for most of my youth. Despite that, I found that I could sometimes buddy up with a more attractive guy with either a better physique or social skills. I was a loser, but I could do that because I naturally treat everyone the same. Anyway, even attractive young men seem to view themselves as lesser creatures whose esteem would be improved by obtaining an attractive female. True, that often boosts one's esteem, but there's little self-love in that picture. Of course some guys do have a level of independent self esteem, but it is surprising how many attractive men don't think highly of themselves. As far as stability, I think it has to do a lot with your physical and mental health. I noticed that most of the guys I knew who were out of shape and had basement dweller habits tended to stick with self-hating tendencies. And some people who didn't have key periods in their life, like having a mate or living on their own, have stayed that way after about age 26. Everyone's code basically sucks, including yours. The boundary between a beginner and a coding rockstar really isn't very great unless you are getting into the realm of computer sciences, like machine learning. Learn from your seemingly smarter peers, but don't idolize them. Chances are they will leave the company long before you do, and you will figure out that their coding skills aren't all they are cracked up to be, especially if their code is poorly documented. You will soon understand that they were focusing on getting the job done, while you were expending all that effort to be clever. In that sense, they were totally right. Don't overwork. Seems obvious, though it's not only still prevalent in America, but more important for our field. Working extra hours has rarely benefitted me either in quality of work or in company treatment. Nobody cares that you put in extra hours. In fact, don't expect your boss to care about anything you are doing even if they are generally benevolent. Your success is mostly dependent on your personality with appearance as a close second. That's not to say you won't have big wins with the projects you work on, but a lousy programmer won't get fired if they are charming and everyone likes them. The more I refined my social skills, as well as my grooming, the more my minor achievements would get overinflated by my peers and the more they would overlook my mistakes. It's just a cruel fact of life, but at least it's something most people can actually address. Eval of user input, or eval as a means of execution scope? An important distinction, since class eval and instance eval can run blocks at those levels, and there's nothing inherently wrong or insecure about that. What's an example of a bad programming language? That's the most vexing thing I've read in a while. I manage Facebook addiction by not having the app installed on my phone and only using the browser(which works just fine). If they ever compiled their site to WebAssembly, that would be the end of them for me. The whole idea of WebAssembly is simultaneously awesome and scary. You pretty much come to the right conclusion in the end. In reality, nobody is forcing us to use WebPack, Yarn, React, etc. If an employer thinks I can't learn most of these tools on the job, then that's not the right employer for me. Although I don't think you're entirely right about Gulp, I tend to start most of my projects with Gulp, Express, and Handlebars because those are the tools I like to use. Nobody is stopping me from using those, nor will I ever be chastised for doing so. If any tool becomes useful to me, I will learn it regardless of its popularity. Well, unless support needs to be a serious consideration. The "churn" we feel is really just a confusion from having so many new options while only wanting or needing a handful of simple/stable ones. This is troublesome because there aren't market forces(per se) or companies with researchers to limit our choices for us, like a spaghetti sauce company figuring out which 3 flavors of sauce to sell. If you can distance yourself from needing to be relevant, you'll be fine. Learn JavaScript and keep up with browser and Node.js advances; that's really the majority of what we need to do to stay relevant. > Extremely tangential, but does anybody actually love javascript? I know that I do, and it's my language of choice. That's not to say that it wasn't deeply flawed for a long time, but now both the technology and standard practices have evolved to where I really enjoy writing it and using it. If want someone to give you permission to leave, you don't need that. The question you are asking is its own answer. What you are looking for is not advice but for someone to indirectly assure you that you aren't crazy in feeling this way. I know it sounds harsh for me to point that out, but it's something you should bring into full awareness. I haven't been in quite the same spot, but I did work for a company that really didn't know what it wanted, so there were long period of either no work or short periods of sudden enthusiasm behind X idea followed by an immediate "no, that's costing us money. kill the project immediately." While it would have done me a disservice to have left the company too soon, I was there for a year before I decided to leave, and even that was too long in retrospect. As others have said, it's soul-sucking and just a waste of time even when you're contently complacent. You have a limited life time and a small supply of creative energy, neither of which your company may deserve. That's just my perspective. Haven't read the entire thing, though there's good stuff in there. One disagreement I have is with the use of slides. Slides should only be used for things that cannot be described merely through words. Mostly graphs and code. Photos, inspirational quotes, and cat gifs should be insulting to the audience because they are distracting, convey no information, and are just an appeal to your senses. Even the second and third best public speakers don't use slides as a crutch, and really nobody should. Public speaking should be entertaining, but it's the speaking itself that should be entertaining. I would rather try be like one of the best public speakers than impress people with my mad web surfing skillz. Either way, it's still a crutch. If they do it because it's their style, that's fine except it's utterly pointless and audiences should be insulted by it; at best, the slides just repeat the same information that the speaker is telling you in person, and at worst it's inane kinda funny garbage that I could have easily come across on my own time. The information and insight itself should be compelling enough to carry a talk, and if the speaker can't muster the enthusiasm to actually entertain people while being informative, said speaker really isn't providing much value at all. Admittedly, this is from my perspective and I know that slide-heavy talks amuse people. I'm going to be a pompous jackass and say that people should have a little integrity and actually care more about the information they are receiving than by merely being entertained. In a sense, I am criticizing audiences more than I am speakers because speakers wouldn't get away with these things if they weren't getting even just a couple laughs. Slides have their place, but the ideal should be that they are only used as figures would be in a research paper. Imagine how annoying it would be if most research papers had meme images between every paragraph! Funny at first, but would get super tiresome when you're trying to understand algorithm-heavy concepts. I graduated from Dev Bootcamp in San Francisco about 3.5 years ago. Admittedly, I didn't really need to "learn how to learn" as many claim they did. That's fine for them, but I was already going in with that mindset. What I got was mainly an environment where I could study and hack on things with other people wanting to do the same, without all the distractions of everyday life. I could have done similar things without dropping thousands for tuition and a living situation, but I still may not have been exposed to more current technologies. If I had tried to study programming on my own for the same amount of time, I might have still been writing Python 2.4 scripts in Notepad to do boring things with spreadsheets. I would have wasted so much time and avoided diving into Rails, Sublime Text, JavaScript, etc. I was pretty smart before going to bootcamp(I could at least do script kiddie crap) but very inept in many ways. What mattered after DBC wasn't so much the technologies I learned but my willingness to come up with difficult ideas and say to myself "Sure, I'm gonna learn X (language|framework) to get this thing done". I had too much of an "I'm not that smart" mentality beforehand. I never would have dreamed that I would ever spend a month and a half sitting in Panera Bread with a friend hammering out a streaming video app to show to employers. And it worked! Poorly, mind you. It was pretty awful, but also glorious – it allowed you to build a shared playlist and watch YouTube videos with multiple people, all synchronized, with chat, a vote-skip button, and even a way to draw over videos. It did work, and we both got hired in another few months from writing it. Granted, my first employer was pretty crappy, but now I've ended up working 2 years somewhere that I've been very happy. From what I can tell, those in my cohort who applied themselves actually made it after graduation. Those who couldn't shake the "knowledge on a silver platter" mentality didn't fare as well. Simple as that. There are so many opportunities in our field that it seems that even in 2017 someone with the drive and even average talent can make it. EDIT: I forgot to mention where I work! I work at KPCC, a public radio station in Pasadena. HN link is still paywalled for me, so here's the archived version of it that's not paywalled: https://archive.fo/Q0gkJ Or is it that geekier fathers have children later in life? Or even without curly braces: `.then(x => doSomethingWith(x));` I've noticed it's results have gotten much better. Now if there were a version of the Personal Blocklist chrome plugin for it(so I don't see crap from W3Schools, WebMD, or Livestrong, etc.), I would never use Google again. > Now imagine your machine hit by ransomware and you being unable to boot it from a known clean OS... ... and then you buy a new one? The last time I got ransomware was 2008 – while visiting a warez site. For me, and I imagine for most people, the frequency at which you will replace your computer is greater than the frequency that you will get ransomware. Best to throw the thing out and start fresh, making sure your photos and docs are backed up elsewhere. Citation? I ask this because data at my company has shown that virtually nobody taps on the header, especially on hamburger menus. I do wonder the same thing. While I do need points in the day to just stop working and relax my brain, even daydream, I never feel the need for an actual nap. I have to wonder if diet and fitness have anything to do with it. When other countries play a bigger role in securing the global economy with military might, maybe we can start building a high speed rail infrastructure. Otherwise, I don't see an actual need for it. It would be an improvement, for sure, but all I see is people looking at much smaller countries and assuming that America is stupid for not doing everything they do. It's absolute crap like this which is why I have turned off automatic updates in Google Play. What a terrible feeling it is to merely open an app and, out of seemingly nowhere, a seemingly different app opens up and you can't go back. There's security and all that, but literally screw security if big corps are going to remotely fiddle with my device and turn me into a beta tester. How do you take the original king of VoIP and easily make it the worst experience? Sweet Jeebus. I'm simultaneously glad that someone's writing articles about these things and dismayed that too many people will read this and believe they understand astrophysics without having philosophized about it on their own. Analogies like "space goo" are useful but can be a double-edged sword(seems the author recognizes this) that can mislead the public in much the same way that the holographic universe theory leads the public to think we might be in a simulation run by space bastards, which doesn't really explain anything about the very nature of existence. Businesses will never agree to not having Google Analytics, as pointless as most of those metrics are. No. How about this: understand what the hell you're doing. For 99% of the web, 531 requests a second is beyond what you need. Not everything on the web needs to respond to 7000+ requests a second. In fact most of it doesn't. Heck, most of it doesn't need to respond faster than 1 second. In my experience, most of the poor performance in Ruby web applications is caused by trying to shove too many operations into the same process and making all data "first class". This is probably in part because Rails for years didn't include a built-in jobs system. The only thing "web-scale" means is that something serves HTTP requests through the web in a way that people find useful. If so, then any language that can create sockets is potentially web-scale, including COBOL. Beyond that requirement, there's no such thing as "web scale". All web companies like Facebook, Amazon, Twitter, Apple, etc., operate at different scales and adjust to their own needs accordingly. Yes, this, and mostly this. I don't know exactly where this comes from, but then again I haven't been a professional for that long. Maybe it's because so much of Ruby web development is centered around Rails that someone just assumes that every new thing should just go into their existing Rails app as another model, another controller, another view, etc., instead of considering whether or not a whole domain of code could belong in another codebase or at least another process besides the same one being used by the Rails server. All the TDD in the world isn't going to prevent someone from making a bunch of poor choices around engineering or design patterns. Caching strategies can help, but they can also become crutches. At worst, they end up causing a lot of confusion when something isn't getting "updated", and some developer used a bunch of fragment caches triggered by different things. In my experience, it's much easier to forego TDD, only write important tests, and try to divide things out into separate projects where it makes sense. That way bugs can be quickly squashed and new features can be added quickly(very little time wasted learning a bunch of complex mechanisms), unique components of a larger system can be updated & rolled back pretty independently, and you get more value out of your testing than most tests I've seen in Rails monoliths(often foolishly testing Rails features themselves). This can be done through gems or even completely separate Rails/Node/whateva applications/APIs that communicate(remember, sockets are pretty fast). If you must have a monolith, at least consider what things should be "first class" and whether or not you can afford to have things get processed in the background. Async is easy these days. I love what Rails has done for me and what it represents, but I've become disenchanted by the lack of deep thought that it's fostered in new developers, which includes me where I was not that long ago. Already uninstalled Facebook, now I'm uninstalling Messenger. Too bad because messenger's not that bad but not worth getting ads from. Even Facebook is too milktoast at this point to even waste time reading their ads for. How long have you been at it? Here's a bunch of random thoughts around the initial keto malaise: - Drink. Lots. Of. Water. - Get your electrolytes. Propel and Powerade Zero can be good for this, though you can take pill supplements. Some people say to avoid diet drinks – I've had more aspartame than most human beings and have never had any issues. - Get your magnesium. You can of course get a supplement, or you can include things that have magnesium like spinach in your diet. - Make sure you're not iron deficient. I find taking care of those nutrients usually helps when I start a keto diet again. Other random thoughts: - Intermittent fasting seems to help me get into ketosis faster. It also has multiple benefits that are good for both in and out of ketosis. - Don't bother eating breakfast if you aren't hungry. Pretty much everything you've been told about breakfast as a child is a lie – unless your'e actually hungry, eating an obligatory breakfast in the morning is going to lower your energy(and your testosterone if you are a guy) and make you hungrier later in the day. Simply stick to eating when you're hungry. - Cheese is good in a limited fashion. If you aren't consuming other carbs throughout the day, even 8 oz of cheese isn't going to knock you out of ketosis by any means. - No matter what, you're going to be lower on energy than if you were on a common diet. You'll get used to it, but I never have any of those moments at the gym where I'm in the zone. It's just a fact of the body having to create its own glucose. - If you don't work out in the morning, try switching your workout routine to happen in the morning. Supposedly your testosterone will be at its highest which helps with otherwise sluggishness when you're working out. - Variety. Variety. Variety. Eating the same thing day in and day out, even if it's fairly tasty and convenient, is the road to the end of a ketogenic diet. Eat a lot of eggs? Cook them differently than you usually do, just for the sake of it. Prepare things in different ways to keep things interesting. - Electrolytes. - Don't go overboard on protein. I know that's basics, but I tend to forget that a lot. - Don't go overboard on nuts. I rarely have nuts, but I'll sometimes add brazil nuts to my diet because I don't have any noticeable gastric effects and there's a lot of good fats and minerals in them. - Ketone sticks are great to keep you motivated, kind of like a scale when you're focused on losing weight, but don't take the color level too seriously. If you have more than just trace amounts of ketones, you're in ketosis. DBC 2013 alumnus here. I'm super disappointed to hear this news. Although I could see it coming, because how often does this kind of thing NOT happen when a small company gets purchased by a larger corporation? DBC was quite an institution. As I've stated before, it's not about what they can teach you – it was simply an invaluable resource to allow those with ambition to figure out aspects of app development on their own and with other people. If you're expecting a series of lectures, exams, and knowledge to be bestowed upon you at DBC, you're looking at it wrong and you will fail. To have a place to go where you can spend months hacking on things with other people while going through a learning process, right in the center of the action in technology, was so unique and valuable. I met so many cool people and had far greater experiences than my time in college. It changed my life tremendously. I have Shereef and everyone whom I shared my experience with to thank! I really could be living in a van down by the river right now if I didn't discover DBC. The greatest thing I got out of DBC was not coding ability, which I mostly picked up on my own, but a mindset/philosophy about learning and problem-solving. I know that many of these things come naturally to people software engineering, especially those far more brilliant than I, but not everyone figures these things out. They summed it up as the "growth" mindset vs. the "fixed mindset", which seems fairly accurate to me. I really hope someone can continue(or at least hold a candle to) DBC's legacy. A lot of bootcamps seem like junk, but I'm sure that's not all of them. Why stop at bootcamps? There are so many resources on the internet, most of which are free, that can replace all of the knowledge universities have to offer and then some. Someone could learn astrophysics through Google searches. But that's not a reasonable position across the board. Of course universities offer more than mere information, and I would say that bootcamps(at least DBC) focus mostly on those other things and far less on the information. By that I mean learning to code at home online isn't going to give you the same experience as spending days or weeks hacking on your first mobile app with a bunch of other people, non stop, while chowing on beer and pizza. Yes, there's tremendous value in that, especially if you need to learn to work on a team and self-organize. In theory, you can emulate that environment on your own, but there's a reason people pay for that kind of experience. A person of novice experience can't or won't come up with a substitute for that. It's an introduction to a world, of sorts. At least it was for me. Nobody ever mentions birth control. When I was a child, for various reasons, I was quite a chow hound. I've long wondered if whether or not things like phthalates and BPA had significant effects on my growing body; I had a lot of less-than-masculine features to my body, some of which is correctable and some not. It could very well be that being an overweight adolescent meant that excess body fat caused me to have too much estrogen, but perhaps there was more going on. Maybe I'd have more androgen receptors by now and I'd be able to work less for the same muscle mass. IDK At the same time, I don't think I can really say that the amount of any of these chemicals in mac-n-cheese would make me avoid it outright. Really, you should only be occasionally eating junk food link mac-n-cheese, and the amount of anything you would have in a box every week or two is not going to make a lick of difference to your endocrine system. Perhaps it's particularly bad for the poor who eat lots of cheap junk like Kraft products, but there are also far cheaper and healthier ways to get your nutrition – rice, beans, real butter, and actual cheese alone are much more cost effective than buying boxes of mac-n-cheese; just visit a Mexican market and you'll see what I mean. There's also birth control. In theory, condoms are ~98% effective, but in reality that figure is much lower due to improper usage. That also doesn't take into account the number of times couples say "just the tip". But birth control gave women the option to spend decades not having to worry about finding men who are husband/father material. I'm not saying that's a bad thing at all, in fact I would prefer that women have this option than go back to a pre-birth control age. But an unintentional effect is that women may be less desperate to settle down until a certain age when reality begins to hit. Frankly speaking, women and men also need each other far less than they used to on a practical level. Automation allows for men and women to exist separately from each other and live comfortably; as a man who doesn't have a girlfriend, I have been doing all the chores, shopping, cooking, and cleaning on my own without breaking much of a sweat. Again, this is a great thing and I wouldn't want to give up the kind of automation that both men and women benefit from, but yet again, it's far less of a reason to get married and have kids at a younger age. If you don't have to compromise fun for practical utility, that's way less pressure to "settle down". > It’s not the man’s fault – [...] > [...]the issue that drives the success of the egg freezing industry has never been employer’s attitudes to motherhood, but instead, men’s. Even if it’s something that only strikes us as it becomes a reality, women know there is a time limit on our fertility. But it’s as if men are encouraged to ignore this icky truth, to look away as if from something obscene. I fail to recognize how it's somehow a man's responsibility to recognize a woman's "time limit". It seems like this author is pining for some kind of Patriarchy Lite where men's primary goal in dating is to inseminate a woman for the sake of her eggs, and not so much for his own benefit. Just like nearly every one of these sorts of articles I've read, it fails to take into account the perspectives of men in the "man deficit". I can speculate to almost no end on why women might believe that there's a "man deficit", but I won't because plenty of men perceive a deficit of women, both in terms of archetypes and availability. In summary, the author is sexist and views men as failures for not providing enough sperm for women's eggs, failing to take into account how in any way how such a setup benefits(or fails) men or why men would even agree to get married in the first place. The view that women have of fatherhood that this author is implying is much more twisted than how she thinks men view motherhood. Seriously, I'm supposed to take pity on women in the dating pool because their biological clock is ticking and therefore sacrifice my own desires? Hah. > And here you have the men who learned at school to lose interest in a girl if she texts back too quickly. I've never heard of this. Has anyone else here? Maybe this is specific to the UK? Seems pretty bizarre as I can't imagine boys in school teaching each other not to get together with girls. I don't see the point. REST is great because it's so loosely defined. Having a standard isn't going to smooth out the quirks between REST APIs, at least not for another decade, and even so there aren't enough problems to justify adding another set of standards everyone has to read on top of all the other specs. Stop overcomplicating the web! The pipelines of many animation and entertainment studios use Linux. If Nvidia just wants to sell to gamers, that's fine, but it seems like the work to have Linux drivers would be worth it just to keep selling hardware to studios. For similar reasons to your use of caffeine, I decided to intermittently take Sudafed for when I needed extra focus or energy. Not the off-the-shelf kind with phelylephrine(which is a total placebo), but the kind with pseudoephedrine that you have to ask the pharmacist for. I find it works very well for short periods of time, and it has effects that are closer to that of prescription amphetamines. I'm probably on a list of "possible meth cooks" at this point because of how often I buy it, but it's worth it to not have to justify myself to a doctor all the time. Not to say anyone here is wrong, but I'll weigh in with my experience, which is success with a team that was a mix of remote and on-site. Maybe it was just a unicorn, but it worked quite well. The downside to that, though, is the remote workers have to be prepared to feel a certain amount of disconnection from the rest of the team who are probably having lunches together and group activities that leave out those who aren't physically present. Otherwise, I think it ultimately comes down to how the team and the leaders of the organization view the remote employees – not as synonymous with freelance "techies" working in their underwear, but playing on the same field as everyone else and having as much value to bring despite not having their butt placed in a specific chair. Here's how I generally deal with CSS: * As the author of that article was talking about, I keep as much CSS scoped to the component level as possible. * Any layout-oriented styling(how a component is positioned and sized on a given page) is separated into its own style sheet per page. That way how a page is laid out is separated from how a particular component looks & behaves. * To deal with the lack of container/element queries, a big roadblock in making components truly reusable, a component style sheet exposes Sass mixins that represent how the component looks at different sizes. The layout CSS for a given page, as mentioned in the last bullet point, includes these mixins at different media query breakpoints. The advantage to this is that the layout can manipulate a component at different breakpoints to create responsiveness without needing to have any knowledge of a component's internal workings. An example of my third point is a component I'm currently working on right now called `incidents-grid`, which is merely a grid of items. The `components/incidents-grid.sass` stylesheet has mixins called `incidents-grid--xl`, `incidents-grid--lg`, `incidents-grid--med`, `incidents-grid--sm`, `incidents-grid--xs`. Other components follow the same convention. For my page, I have a `layout/index.sass` to deal with how I lay out my components on the page. At different media query breakpoints, I will include the incidents-grid mixins to change how the component looks at different sizes; at different sizes, this component may show or not show a thumbnail, or show smaller icons, or no icons, or omit some information. The layout can make these things appear/disapper at different screen sizes without a bunch of CSS specific to the component saying things like `.incidents-grid__thumbnail {display: none}`. Rather, my layout stylesheet can say something like `#l-index__incidents-grid { @include incidents-grid--sm }` in a media query to accomplish the same thing. Granted, this can't be done with plain CSS without some JavaScript. But I've found being able to separate layout CSS from pure styling CSS, as well as abstracting the internal workings of components with mixins, to be a very sane approach. Just because they advocate freedom to express those ideas does not mean they advocate freedom of speech as a whole. Talking about anything not in the liberal vogue right now opens one up to a world of hurt that wasn't as prevalent even 10 years ago. Bring up being against draconian gun control and, depending on where you live and how large your social circle is, you might get a reputation for being a bunch of things you're not. I'm often seen as a conservative for bringing up the fact that violent crime in America is down, or challenging misconceptions about GMOs or criticizing Bill Nye the Science Guy(no, I'm not kidding), or even so much as questioning the accuracy of the gender pay gap statistic. Yet I have nothing in common with the kind of "conservatives" people are talking about. In fact I'd argue that almost all of my actual positions are far more liberal and progressive than that of most liberals. The problem is that free speech of any value has to be facilitated by the likes of Facebook and other companies. If companies control who gets banned for saying something, and their goal is largely profit-driven, and the consensus is to make communication habitable for the most consumers(as opposed to actual expression of ideas beyond vapid Instagram photos), we are essentially screwed. The left is at an advantage because they have the facade of being the ones who fight for social injustice and those who are "historically oppressed", which are things that most people, including many conservatives, can't really argue against on face value; when they are handed the keys to media power, they behave just as conservative religious fundamentalists would, just with their own particular set of ideas that are not always congruent. That is why I find the public's support of censorship, and the socially-acceptable level of vexation over "offensive" ideas, to be very disturbing. I find that I cannot even trust a large number of people who I know, and I think many people have discovered the same thing, which is why platforms like Facebook have turned into digital ghettos. Wow, that's pretty awesome. I've never heard of Scratch. > Bloomberg ran an article stating many students were still not prepared for the tech industry even after their extensive training. If you look at bootcamps as an education/career on a platter, sure. But they're no different than how a typical school should work; you get as much out of the experience as you put in. My experience at Dev Bootcamp was that those who put in the effort and had the right perspective were the ones who made it into the field after their graduation. Some people, actually many, simply don't have what it takes to be a programmer, and that shouldn't be seen as a failure on the part of bootcamps. It'd be one thing if few to none of the graduates from bootcamps succeeded in their profession, but that's simply not the case. I and many people I know wouldn't be where we are now if we didn't have the kind of bootcamp style education where we could dedicate our time to educating ourselves and hacking on shit. Yes, yes... we might have been able to do that without paying a bootcamp, for "free", yet we'd be paying the overhead of organizing people, consistently getting people together to spend time hacking on projects, etc. I was lucky enough to get one other person to hack on a project with me after bootcamp – everyone else was either too busy or out to make money from the free work of others. I'd much rather spend $20k to go to Dev Bootcamp and be able to hack with people on Node.js & Ruby projects, be in the bay area, and go to hack-a-thons every other night than spend far more than that sitting through a bunch of non-tech classes I hate to come out with some abysmally outdated skills in PHP & Java. Just because some bootcamps have shut down doesn't mean that the model itself is a failure. Though I had some minimal experience coding on my own prior to bootcamp(let's just say I could make Hangman in Python but had no idea what object-orientation was), I was able to become proficient enough to build a live YouTube chat(before YouTube had that) with shared video controls... as a result of the experiences I had through Dev Bootcamp. You CAN learn to code in a few months, but you have to want it enough. Strange as it may seem, not everyone wants to succeed as much as others. Even if 80% of bootcamp graduates didn't become programmers after the course, that's no reason to see the bootcamp model as a failure. Not everyone is cut out for it, and yet it has changed the lives of numerous people. Though I'm sad that Dev Bootcamp is no more(which I'd still argue is a result of terrible management both prior to and after the Kaplan acquisition), I hope the idea of coding bootcamps can evolve to be more successful. Ugh, that sounds dreadful. Doesn't this prevent anyone besides YouTube and a handful of other sites from establishing themselves as video hosting sites? Besides that, adding another hard-to-predict layer to the web is just... bleh. We shouldn't need heuristics to make the web a nice place to be. Boycotts on website should start becoming a regular thing. I simply don't return to websites that pull shenanigans like autoplaying videos on scroll. If I must, I use archive.is so that crap gets stripped out and I don't give them a genuine hit. Black screen on Android. Judging by the fact that a port of Goldeneye for XBLA got cancelled partly because of Nintendo, I'd say probably not. I'm getting pretty tired of Rick and Morty fans blowing the greatness of the show way out of proportion. I love the show, but not because it's "smart" or "nihilistic' or because it references science. It's a zany cartoon with witty dialog, and it's hilarious, but to claim it's more profound than that has so far proven to be little more than reading too far into it. Referencing pop culture isn't "smart" in and of itself, and it doesn't require extraordinary intelligence to recognize. By the way, Rick is not a nihilist. He might be very careless and ambivalent, but that doesn't translate to any form of nihilism I'm aware of; in the case of the show, he's definitely not en existential nihilist, and it's arguable that he's not even a moral nihilist. The rest of the characters on the show are not nihilists; myopic would be a more accurate description. You want a really nihilistic show? Watch Seinfeld. Yes, you hit the nail on the head. I was referring to the characters. You'd be right to dispute he's a nihilist. Out of all the characters, he's probably the least aware of the nature of his own existence, yet he's also the most well-adjusted to a life motivated by money and poontang. The character could still be seen in a nihilistic light because, despite his own moralism, he frequently contradicts himself and often ends up in a better place for it. If one were to read too far into what the writers were intending with Kramer, they might assume that he is meant to be a commentary on morality since his morals don't consistently serve him or the other characters, and Jerry can easily spot contradictions in Kramer's reasoning. I feel like you're missing the point that people are making. I personally agree with you when you say "It's a show, watch it, enjoy it, stop trying to hold everything against some fictional​ ideal model." I don't even have a problem with people seeing something in a form of art that I don't. If someone sees a lot of nihilism or even meaning in Rick and Morty, there's nothing wrong with that. My gripe with Rick and Morty fans, as a group, is that they seem to make a lot of claims that come off as arrogance against people who "just can't understand" the show as they see it. I know a lot of Rick and Morty fans in real life, and I do like the show myself, but I've even met people offline that seem to believe that being a fan of the show means you're of some apex intelligence. I nitpick these claims because they're often made through an objective standpoint, not a subjective one. I have no problem with subjective views, but once I'm told "Oh this thing is so nihilistic, so intelligent, so smart... you just don't get it", of course I'm going to refute those points when I find little basis for them. I normally don't let public opinion dictate what I should like, but a lot of fan behavior I've experienced is so toxic that I'm now having difficulty having anything to do with it. I mean, waiting in line at McDonalds and even jumping the counter for some freaking sauce packets mentioned one time in the show? That's so over-the-top pathetic, I feel kinda gross even thinking about it. I shutter to think that they, many of whom are grown adults, are going to become parents. > what elements it has in those areas goes well beyond most other available shows What are some of those elements? Do you remember where this is implied in the show? That theory is super interesting. Humanity has a long way to go before it can actually treat depression properly. Granted, some things have improved drastically, but there's a lot left to be desired. Awareness around clinical depression is a lot better than it was just decades ago, and that's great for the millions who are clinically depressed. Yet I've been seeing us going down this destructive path of seeing all depression as a physiological condition, which is often not the case and delegitimizes actual issues that are causing a person to be depressed. I can tell because too often the answer is either "just eat/sleep/exercise better" or "see a therapist and get medicated". What wonderfully simple solutions to a complex problem. In LA, my sort of city, the culture has an emphasis on being happy or "good" all the time. If someone asks you how you're doing and you reply "I'm doing okay", there's a good chance that person will cock an eyebrow and assume that something's wrong because you didn't say you were good or great. I suspect this is a phenomenon in a lot of places in America, but I think it's especially prevalent in SoCal where superficiality is through the roof. Sure, asking people about their day is mostly a form of social lubricant, but such language subtly tells the unconscious mind that something is socially wrong with broadcasting unhappiness of any kind. In actually, I'd say the unconscious mind is correct in its interpretation; people generally don't want to help you, let alone hear what you have to say, if something is genuinely wrong with your life or even if it's merely hum-drum. This can even be true with your closest friends and family, and even if they are receptive, you may be motivated to be stoic in order to maintain your role in your circle. Nobody wants to be the one who has problems or is "crazy" because everyone knows deep down that opening up could mean you'll be treated as lesser than you were when you held it all in. Social media is an amplification of this phenomenon. The vast majority of what you see on social media is people posting the very best of that they've got, creating a misleading image that they and everyone else are having splendid lives. Why aren't you one of those beautiful chiclet-teethed young people constantly traveling and partying? Something must be wrong if your life isn't like that. /sarcasm Therapy is great, and medication can be great for those who really need it. It just sucks that we've not created a world for ourselves where we can talk to each other about our problems. It's not about providing solutions, but about being heard and understood by someone. Maybe sometimes people are depressed for real reasons, and telling them that their feelings are akin to a disease can serve to harm them rather than help. I believe I'm open to hearing out my friend's problems, but I know that they think they'll be a burden unto others and be outcast. This I assume from hearing my friends mention going to therapy, but they rarely if ever have anything particularly troubling or deep to say to me. It may not even be conscious, but instinctual, to want not to seem like a burden – for the consequences can be hard to bear. It's about time we allow each other to be a burden every once and a while. My instinct tells me negative comments aren't actually coming from the direction of "stupid idea! can't be done!". This isn't to say there aren't significant engineering roadblocks to the Hyperloop, but I don't think that's the root of the negativity. People are pointing out the glaring flaws in the Hyperloop idea, not because they can't or won't believe that crazy ideas are possible, but in reaction to the media's reaction to Elon Musk's PR. Surely I'm not the only one who wants to upchuck every time that Musk makes a claim and the media drools all over whatever he says. It even goes beyond the media itself but how the public reacts to how the media reports Musk. Otherwise smart people I've met have likened Musk to a modern day Edison, or even Tesla. Musk's companies have achieved great things, but he has more in common with Barnum than famous inventors. Testing impossible ideas is wonderful. Musk's PR being inflated by the media, creating an audience of believer sycophants, is a different story and I really don't mind people blowing holes in the Hyperloop theory if the newsprint-spewing public isn't going to get that from technology reporters. I'd bet Hyperloop critics actually like the idea at one level or another, and hate to see such ideas looked at with pollyanna eyes. That's not something I would contest, and I don't think I implied such a position. I(and presumably others) actually like impossible ideas but dislike the rampant lack of skepticism in the direction of Musk, therefore criticism of his company's proposals is justified and not necessarily coming from the direction of "it can never work". Likening him to Barnum would perhaps paint him as a little more nefarious than Musk actually is, but I wouldn't consider that insulting. The man was a master promoter. But perhaps he's not a good analogue because their "products" are very different. People liken Musk to Edison, and they did both own technology companies that produced innovations, but that's where the similarity ends. Having worked on a similar project, my experience is that signal-to-noise is a very challenging problem when you have an air gap. Inevitably, it opens up room for minute errors caused by accoustics. The only "reliable" workarounds I devised were to increase broadcast duration and rebroadcasting the same data with simple checksums. This was what I came up with: https://github.com/Ravenstine/airsocket Note it's extreme crappiness is due to a combination of my inexperience and also my desire to build as many parts from scratch as possible. The Web Audio API is only used to play audio, but the oscillator and decoding functions were written by me. It barely works. It's probably better to go full Web Audio all the way since I'm sure there's hardware acceleration(particularly with AnalyserNode). The author's method of encoding bytes is also far superior to what I came up with. I wish such an article was published when I was trying to devise my own audio modem. He does an excellent job going over every step and explaining what's going on. Documentation and tutorials around Web Audio used to be too convoluted, with basic examples too few and far between. For those who didn't know... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_over_Avian_Carriers Actually, I think it was your project that gave me the idea to attempt near-ultrasonic transmission. I could only get to ~15000hz before it would just not work and I never figured out why that was. Maybe there's a flaw in how I used the Goertzel algorithm. (reason I went with Goertzel is because I built it for a previous project and wanted to see how far I could take it) Is that example page new? That's brilliant. Your ultrasonic transmission seems to work pretty consistently. I essentially agree with you that "education" isn't really education, but I don't follow that it's impossible. Practically speaking, I think it's very unlikely we'll solve education, or solve harmful flaws to the human condition for that matter, but I wouldn't go as far as to say they're unsolvable. Actual education has been sufficiently tried in this country. There's definitely a clear limit to the stupid ape we call the human, but even if we could improve the average autodidactic or philosophic ability, or even increase the mean IQ by 5 points, there could be a significant improvement to the health of our society. > All have height and width set (Don't specify px or %) So what unit should be used? > Men favour beauty whilst women look for brains I must seem really dumb. Just a note on Bushido: Although I'm sure such codes can be useful to people, it's essentially bullcrap got used to fuel Japan's rise of fascism. https://www.tofugu.com/japan/bushido/ I particularly loathe the term as I've heard it used by more than one desperate "white knight" who doesn't practice a single bit of it but uses it to appear virtuous. Whenever I hear someone mention "bushido", my first instinct is to assume they don't know what they're talking about. I think it's fine to espouse the ideology if one actually takes it seriously and understands the history(or lack thereof). Sadly, it seems more often to be used as a seemingly non-denominational form of code to be adopted by those trying to mask their own lack of virtue. Then again, it's probably more effective to adopt parts of different ideologies you find useful rather than taint yourself with a name like Bushido. I agree that it shouldn't cost you being able to have a job that you like. That being said, I don't see why you shouldn't have a couple of side projects on Github or even a personal site. The side projects I've shown to employers were not gargantuan MVPs but simple applications that did one nifty thing well. It's fine if you don't want to do any of that; I personally would want to do things that give me an advantage with a company that values interest in coding and innovation. Care to explain? 1930s/40s Japan was an authoritarian nationalist regime. I don't see how they weren't fascist, but I'm open to being proven wrong. Something a lot of people forget about with this service and Walmart's is how beneficial they will be for the disabled. If I was housebound because of a disability or had periods where I had limited mobility, I might buy exclusively from Walmart and Amazon if they could bring products into.my home and on to a table or fridge so I don't have to bend down. These services where employees can enter your home don't have to appeal to everyone under the sun for them to be successful. Possibly, but how often are markers useful unless the zoom factor is close enough to show streets or landmarks? Browsers could come shipped with basic country maps, but anything more granular than maybe state/province level is subject to frequent change. Why else would we have stuff like this? https://github.com/Izzimach/react-three As if ThreeJS is too hard or cumbersome without React. Or this: https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-game-kit Or this: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-audio (a relatively unknown library, but it's surprising how often projects will import packages like this) I generally do what I can to avoid software snobbery, but it's examples like those that really cause me to scratch my head and exclaim "Why?" React makes sense when you actually have a DOM to deal with, but as soon as you start trying to write something that goes beyond that model, well, I really don't get you. ("you" being rhetorical) Generally, though, I think a lot of junior programmers or those new to React get very enthusiastic about it and try to solve whatever problem they can with a tool that works well for them, and that does speak quite a bit to how good React is. In general, I would avoid using React for things it was not designed for. I'm sorry to disappoint you. "Proper" programming languages? Where do you live? I've never seen men's rooms that didn't have walls and doors for each stall. I hope you aren't in prison. In a sense, they are suckers. Plus, as another story on HN suggested, their abandonment of advertising you things you don't need right now(but you may find you want later in life) proves counterproductive. A heck of a lot of things advertised to me on Facebook are things I already searched for and either purchased or already decided wasn't worth buying. I don't believe that modern internet ads are as valuable as the industry seems to think, which may be a sign of an impending bubble burst. income =/= profit A person can have an income of $300k a year but spend every penny of it on debt and necessities. That's generally not considered making a profit. EDIT: Sorry, I misunderstood something. Netflix has indeed been making a profit. I have a feeling such a pill would go the way of testosterone which, even though it could be safely administered to people who don't necessarily have "Low T" to positive ends, is still only a treatment for those who desperately need it. People on the low end of whatever arbitrary, non-standard serum testosterone scale often don't get treatment because they are technically "normal", which completely disregards the benefit someone can see from being brought to the high-end of the scale. Likewise, an exercise pill might only be given to those who are morbidly obese rather than mostly sedentary office workers who would rather get more work done than dedicate another hour every day towards mindless exercise. A decentralized p2p search engine exists, though really nobody uses it. https://yacy.net/en/index.html Perhaps a bare bones donation-supported search engine could exist if it implemented the same protocol using WebRTC and served a single JavaScript-powered webpage from S3. Possibly, but if they are that useful to users, those sites either need to be maintained or forked. Your argument could have just as easily been used to argue for Adobe Flash support(OK it's still sort of around, but it's nearly irrelevant at this point). Could that be a sign that current AI is not as intellgient as tech blogs suggest? Even with a user mode debugger, those APIs aren't hard to thwart in x86 Windows. I don't know if that's really still the case with newer architectures; the last version of Windows I used was Windows 7. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10330147/how-do-i-bypass... Even if that weren't the case, it's not a big feat to run a Windows program with a version of Kernel32.dll that has isdebuggerpresent as a no-op. If I recall correctly, you only needed to take those measures if you were trying to modify a program that extracted itself into memory where it would be particularly difficult to "debug". Otherwise you could create bypasses for those API calls using just a disassembler. My memory on this is pretty rusty, though. My guess is that API doesn't exist so much to discourage reverse engineering as it is to prevent certain code from executing if a debugger is being used legitimately, or to provide extra data to a debugger. It is(or at least was) used as a way to make reverse engineering difficult, but it's very ineffective. Would it surprise you to know that many managers and business leaders don't only care about company success? Before social media, those are people we forgot about and moved on from. And for good reason. Social media, especially Facebook, seems engineered to create this illusion that we're more connected with our "friends"; while those people may have been our friends in another time, that doesn't mean they're our friends now just because we have Facebook connections with them. If it only takes not having a Facebook profile to not exist to people, they're not really our friends to begin with. I can say this about the vast majority of people who are my "friends" on Facebook; I know for sure that 99% of them will never contact me unless Facebook prods them to post "Happy Birthday" on my timeline. This isn't to say that my connections are bad people, but it's to say that social media has distorted what friendship and human bonding actually mean in order to profit on peoples' loneliness. It's not difficult for a truly lonely person to come to that conclusion, but that perspective solidified in me when I became real-life friends with a neighbor of mine. It had been several years since I made a non-superficial friendship. And no social medium was required. I was reminded that real friends are actually interested in seeing you, talking to you, and coming to you first when they've got news about something. Just one friend like that is far more valuable than all the "friends" I ever had on Facebook. You may still feel a void from it, but I do hope you eventually make some real-life connections like I have and forget about your old "friends" entirely. I abstained from Facebook for 9 months, and even near the end I was feeling the void. Going back to it was starkly different and I realized how much of a waste of time it is. I do still use Facebook, but only as a photo repository since I do have some semblance of friends and family on there. Though I'm sure they wouldn't bother with me if I wasn't there to bolster their friend-count. In some ways they are, though I'd mostly attribute that quality to Facebook. Taxing wouldn't do a thing, but creating more awareness around how destructive Facebook is might help more people think twice about using it. Then again, that might not even be necessary. I think Facebook is going to be in serious trouble within the next 3 to 5 years. Instagram might be fine, but Facebook as a platform is definitely not forever, and it doesn't seem like anyone is really trying to replicate it. Social climate is really the most reliable way to temper the effect of social media. If the mainstream media wasn't paid for years to repeat the words "Facebook" and "Twitter", it's possible our present would be significantly different. People should not feel as if they must be on some company's advertising platform in order to maintain friendships with people. It's pretty sick that a lot of people feel this way. Messages about the damaging effects of social media need to be promoted in society, just as we hammered home the cancer-causing effects of tobacco. In fact, it would be great if there was a counter-advertising campaign against social networks that told people how they worsen depression, how many hours/days/years you're wasting on Facebook, and that you can put down your phone and actually do things with your friends. If Facebook has any real value, it can fight negative press. But they won't because they have very little value; just with big tobacco, they'd spend a bunch of money on misinformation and slander, which would come out and make them look worse than when they started. Problem is what do you do when most of the population has extreme difficulty in reasoning this? Their logo/mascot is kind of obscene when you think about it. A couple channels I used to enjoy have clearly limited their swearing, probably because they are afraid of losing their livelihood. I just see this as yet another reason to have adblock installed. Hope you're learning to enjoy cable TV again, folks! RSS is difficult to implement? Since when? Sure, it's XML. And had I been the one to design it from the start, I would have gone with JSON. But come on. RSS has been losing ground because, deep down, people love the algorithms. I personally hate how algorithms artificially mangle content that I would have seen anyway if my "timeline" was chronological; it's annoying to me to have stories from hours or days prior to appear near the top of my feed because everyone has already seen the same thing by now and new comments are worthless/unseen after a givens tory is ~1.5 hours old. I would love to believe that idea would work. What are some examples of concepts written for JSON that became more successful than their predecessor? I've been saying essentially the same thing for years. I'm glad people are catching on that the legacy phone system is a joke. Phone companies are also complicit in the international scams performed over their system. Good luck getting them to block repeat spam; they will usually suggest you install some 3rd party app on your phone before they even consider taking action. Even then, they usually won't take action. At one point I was getting dozens of spam calls every day. I thought I'd just whitelist the numbers I'd want to let contact me, but for some reason Android does not come with this feature. The problem with 3rd party apps is that you still receive a call, but it hangs up immediately, so you will still have a notification and sometimes a vibration if the app doesn't respond immediately. So I said to hell with it and I turned off all incoming calls. If people need to talk to me, they can leave a voicemail or text me beforehand. Just type "george takei lies" into both Google and DDG and tell me which set of results isn't just a list of his tweets. I don't think they're listening through the microphone, but I've been wondering to what extent they use your photos to determine how to market to you. For example, most of my photos on Facebook show me with either hair or a hat on; as I've gotten older I've actually developed male pattern baldness, and so one day I thought it would look best to just buzz off the rest. I had a picture taken of me and use it as my Facebook profile pic. Since then, I seem to get more and more ads in my feed for hair transplants. Maybe they classify your photos and sell that data? If you think about it, there's a lot more guesses they can make from your photos than listening to a bunch of disjointed conversations. They really don't need to hear what you say. That's pretty fascinating... I've been totally oblivious to this feature. Though it turns out I'm not very interesting. The classifications are pretty rudimentary, listing what devices I use, frequent travelers, computation and mathematics, and US Politics(liberal). In a sense it's confirmation bias because it caused me to entertain the idea, but I don't believe they are actually classifying photos for advertising purposes. I don't discount the possibility, though. I'm 28 and, although I have been experiencing gradual hair loss. You're right that you could probably take my age and gender to make some guesses, but I'd imagine that using computer vision would allow ads to not be wasted on 60% of men who aren't losing their hair. Having used Amazon Rekognition, which can classify a person based on if they have a beard or not, I think Facebook could do so with reasonable accuracy. Beyond baldness, I imagine detecting the brands of clothes people wear could tell a lot about what fashion lines to advertise to someone. Vibrating ads as in they move around or they cause your phone to vibrate? Never seen that, but either way that makes me all the more glad to have ad blocking installed at the root level. The level of annoyance the ad industry goes to is astounding. It would probably require either isolationism or a true global government, and neither of those are feasible or desirable. That's undoubtedly why our economies tend to be mixed because basic income in a place like America would require too much sacrifice to sustain in the long term. This is going to become more of a challenging problem as humans become obsolete. Before an actual post-scarcity society, we will need government provided basic income, which is simultaneously a scary thought if we don't solve a bunch of other global problems first. We might also see the same thing that's happened with minimum wage and student loans. (where basic income no longer covers even the basics) Cinelerra was really meant to be a compositor, not so much a general-purpose NLE. Lumiera is a fork of Cinelerra that's slightly more editor-focused, but development has been very slow. http://lumiera.org/ I feel like every video editor for Linux has been severely buggy, and OpenShot to this day has problems but still the fewest. The thing I appreciate most about OpenShot is how they've stuck with an interface reminiscent of the original Windows Movie Maker, which is easy to understand and great for your basic everyday home editing. I absolutely despise how most home video editing software has gone the way of significantly changing the interface, making the timeline more difficult to use, with seemingly no benefit. What I find interesting is how there is so much support around Blender, including that from the effects industry, yet hardly any for OpenShot or Cinelerra. Before OpenShot, video editing on Linux was a wasteland... I remember around 2008 your choice was Cinelerra(hard to install and is actually a compositor), Pitivi(most stable but lacked many features and the devs went AWOL for a while), and KDEnlive(most advanced but had constant problems and looked hideous outside of KDE). EDIT: I just want to make it clear that a lot has changed since 2008 and it looks like Pitivi and KDEnlive are still active projects. I'm not sure I agree that the DOM is that bad(more that people are using it improperly and for the wrong things), but yeah, modern JavaScript is hardly to blame for anything. The closest thing to an argument I've heard is "mah static typing". Asking WebASM to be everything, including a rendering engine, is asking for problems at such an atrocious level. So what you're saying is that people are stupid? If people are misusing the DOM API at a fundamental level(to do non-DOM related things), that's not a fault of the API. It's as if everyone has forgotten that DOM means Document Object Model. The vast majority of websites and web apps are not very complicated on the client-side, so I'd say that the DOM API generally does its job well. Trying to do anything that's not about constructing a document or is doing heavy amounts of animation or node replacement using a document-building API is asking for a bad time. It's quite implicitly attempting to break fundamentals of computer science. Making the API one uses to render pages in a browser a free-for-all doesn't solve the problem, and you end up losing many of the advantages of having actual standards. What would be better is for the browser to provide another set of APIs for things beyond the "expertise" of the DOM. This kind of the case right now in some regards, but there's a reason why React and Glimmer use things like virtual DOMs and compiled VMs. I'd argue that a standardization of such approaches could be a different API that probably shouldn't even be referred to as a DOM because they are meant to take a lot of shortcuts that aren't required when you are simply building a document. In a sense, WASM is intended to fulfill this purpose without replacing the DOM or JavaScript. Object-oriented programming is quite often misued/misunderstood. Does that mean it's a "bad" concept? I wouldn't say so. Education tends to suck, and people are generally lazy and thus demand too much from the tools they use. I'm not copping-out because I'm not putting the DOM on a pedestal. Calling it a bad API because it doesn't work well for a small minority of cases is a total mischaracterization. If it was an objectively bad API, it wouldn't have seen the astounding success it has. EDIT: I'm not saying that programmers are stupid... but that their expectations are sometimes not congruent with reality. It depends on what you're trying to do. For most things, I use Node.js with the Cheerio library, which is basically a stripped-down version of jQuery without the need for a browser environment. I find using the jQuery API far more desirable than the clunky, hideous Beautiful Soup or Nokogiri APIs. For something that requires an actual DOM or code execution, PhantomJS with Horseman works well, though everyone is talking about headless Chrome these days so IDK. I've not had nearly as many bad experiences with PhantomJS as others have purportedly experienced. Because our insufferableness makes us very miserable people. After this, I hope that legalizing home distilling is next on the docket. I know it'd still be illegal federally, but you're much less likely to have the ATF bust down your door if the state law enforcement isn't interested in it. Jumping spiders are simply amazing. Everything about them changed my perspective on spiders and arachnids, and I can no longer say I hate spiders. Although this is rather dated, if you liked that article you may also like Richard Dawkins' talk on the evolution of the eye: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2X1iwLqM2t0 It's pretty cool seeing a much younger energetic Richard Dawkins talk about how the eye evolved multiple times. Why, because fires? But people who are interested in home distilling are already doing it. I don't believe significantly more people would start distilling at home because it's pretty costly and it's much easier just to buy hard liquor. Admittedly, I don't know the numbers on how many fires are started by distilling every year. Regardless, you can legally distill for fuel purposes, which tells me that the government isn't terribly concerned about potential fires. If you mean that people are going to go blind, well that doesn't happen unless you adulterate your own moonshine with industrial methanol, which would be idiotic. People don't get methanol poisoning from homemade alcohol; that's very hard to do when ethanol is a methanol antidote. Once you've bought all those things – including the sugar, the water, the yeast, sanitation, the parts of the still – you already have spent enough money to buy several bottles of fine liquor from people who know what they're doing. It's not an economical solution if someone really just wants liquor. The same principle applies to beer making, which wasn't always legal without licensing, and most brewers are doing it for the art & science aspects of it. Since legalization of unlicensed brewing, we haven't seen everyone run out to buy tools to make their own beer. Also, I'd never heard of that prohibition. It's pretty crazy how often history repeats itself in various ways. What does Linuxbrew do better than existing package managers? When was the last time anyone referred to Twitter as "anything-goes"? NYT, it's time to end your "editorials are news" dystopia. That's true, except it used to be common to label such articles as "editorial" or "opinion". Granted, you and I can already recognize that it's an opinion piece, but not having an explicit distinction is obviously intended to blur the lines between fact and opinion. I'm just not a fan of this practice. https://archive.is/aJPVG Is psychiatry becoming the new eugenics? Mute all the channels. Ignore messages that don't matter. Configure it to notify you if someone mentions "lunch". Done. Coworkers aren't your friends. Don't have FOMO on their Slack postings. Kind of. I won't get a mobile notification or the little red dot in my macOS dock, but it will still show a little red thing next to the channel name in Slack. I don't know if there's a way to get rid of that. Multi-tasking is insidious because there are plenty of people who can sustain productivity whilst spending a significant amount of time on Slack; their acceptable level of production blinds them to just how much further ahead they could get without Slack(and other distractions), and it can cause others to feel ashamed for their lack of performance. I keep a presence on Slack and do some of the usual fun stuff, but have taken the steps I outlined after I continued to discover just how much of a penalty gets imposed on the brain when it has to frequently switch contexts. > Also, there is a bit of a technological bias here. If you were to ask someone what is the worst possible kind of work meeting, they would tell you that it's the meeting that has no clear agenda, no one seems to be in charge, everyone is piping in with whatever's on their mind, and there is no well-defined stop period so the meeting goes on until no one has anything left to chime in about. Basically, Slack. What you said here is a very astute observation. I'm tempted to print it out and post it on my wall. To be fair, people hate those sorts of physical meetings because they usually don't serve to bolster the social proof of most of the individuals involved. Even when Slack is a distraction, there is a perceived redeeming value to the lack of productivity because posting a meme or a poignant joke can make one appear to be more funny in general. True, a person's Slack persona can affect how others perceive that person in real life, but then you have to wonder just what you're getting for impressing these particular people. TLDR; people actually hate formality. As I stated before, coworkers are not your friends. I say this as someone who works with an unusually friendly team. We pay Mario Kart after work every few weeks, and we sometimes hang on Saturdays to chill and play Civ V. In fantasy land, these people are my friends. In reality, that friendship would sublimate instantly if I ever left the company. I've never experienced otherwise. It's friendship in the most superficial sense, which isn't a bad thing, but people with similarly friendly coworkers shouldn't sacrifice energy they'd be devoting to their craft for the sake of cultivating fake friendships. What I've done is not that dissimilar. It's pretty easy to build a furnace out of basic household items. With charcoal and a leafblower, you can get it up to a temperature where an entire HDD will melt or burn. Those devices were a big part of my childhood! I wrote so many essays with them in elementary school. Ss others have stated, eInk would be the way to go. Having a low power device I could take into the woods and type away for hours in solitude would be sick. I would LOVE something like that. The modern cliche of long story arcs and backstories is much worse than the "dated" approach of episodic storytelling. I'd rather put up with some "meh" episodes and see some really fantastic ones than binge watch some long-winded drama that has little payoff. > A sustainable interesting career doesn’t need a break. That's absurd. I can't argue with that. I did used to prefer longer story arcs, at least in concept, but over time I've realized it's become a facilitator of lazy story writing. It takes a lot of tact to wrap on up an idea into an episode or two, and I think that's a good constraint for writers to have, whereas a story arc spanning multiple seasons can quickly turn into a bait and switch. I've seen too many arcs start with interesting concepts that get dragged out to a point where they completely trail off, leaving me wondering why I'm still watching. Modern TV can be a lot like the ol' boiling a frog in a pot of water. Only it's not so much people are getting hurt as their time is getting wasted. It's not that I don't appreciate arcs, and I know why people want continuity, but too much continuity over concrete ideas has lead me to leaving my TV mostly off this last year. We're all miserable, not because of any one aspect of modern life, but because ancient cynicism has a lot of merit. This is the best headline I've ever read. The only tricky part to me is that its use is often highly idiomatic. There are so many German phrases that don't translate literally, but their English counterparts might translate okay and at least make some sense. The phrase "Es tut mir leid" comes to mind. They're not even comparable beyond having a comment system. As stated by others, Hacker News doesn't have a team of psychologists working to addict you to its content so they can then gradually replace that content with ads. Hacker News doesn't have corporate tentacles in mass marketing, VR, photo blogging, viral videos, breaking news, dining(facebook.com/orderfood), self-driving cars, etc. Hacker News doesn't punish you for using a pseudonym. Hacker News doesn't sort content into a "personalized" feed based on how popular it predicts the content will be. Hacker News doesn't cheapen human interaction by reminding you to say "Happy Birthday" to people you hardly know. Hacker News doesn't host everyone's entire life stories, and thereby doesn't take away reasons to just talk to others. In other words, it doesn't tell you more than you need to know about other people. Not to be a sycophant, but yes, we are better than what most people think of as social media(Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) That isn't because we pride ourselves in being smarter, which I'm not claiming. I almost never need to write my own cover letter. The closest I get to a cover letter is if I have an opportunity to send an email to a company I like, and I know the email will go to someone not in HR. If I have no choice but to interact with HR, either I'll see it as a red flag and won't bother applying or I'll apply with no cover letter. Yes, this does mean I won't get interviews at most companies. Writing cover letters that go to HR is like writing a custom message for every attractive person on a dating site. Everyone says that's what they want, but your extra effort will go unappreciated 95% of the time while the goofball who just sent "sup?" actually got some dates. When it comes to searching for a job, best to not waste cumulative hours of your life writing material that won't be appreciated. I can somewhat agree with that sentiment. When we've interviewed for developer positions at my work, a take-home assignment is optional and requires no specific language or tools besides the web. The alternative is to demo some work you've already done personally or professionally. I think that's fair because not everyone should be expected to produce code from a previous job or have side-projects. I used to have the opposite opinion until I learned the hard way that having side projects, even for their own sake, is a drain on one's life-force. In LA, pretty much every bar takes plastic. I rarely carry cash on me; only when someone doesn't have Venmo or I need to get quarters for the laundromat do I need to obtain actual cash. Whenever I got out to eat with people, cards are used 90% of the time and the bill gets split between cards. It's not that paying with cash is a faux pas, but it is slightly weird and an inconvenience when the person doesn't have quite enough cash on hand. I do so out of convenience and because everything I buy is basically on-record. Points are BS. I've stopped budgeting entirely because I found that it reinforces the idea that money needs to be spent. Even if I tried to keep this in mind, I would often end up spending more because I would create spending limits that were higher than necessary. What I instead do is I hardly pay attention to how much money I have at a given time. With a vague idea of the amount in my checking account, I found I'm much less likely to find reasons to spend money. When I do check my statement every few times a month, I'm always astonished how much money I have left over. That almost never happened when I did everything consciously. But that's my own twisted psychology at play. If more people carried cash, we might see fewer muggings because anyone with just cards can just call their bank and have them turn off all the cards if they get stolen. You're making a good point, and I would suspect that it's valid in general. I've definitely had unpopular opinions, and even when I don't, my questioning of the basis of a given argument is often misinterpreted as holding the opposite(and objectionable) belief. This isn't because I knowingly hold some dogma, but that I care about whether something is true or not. Even though I do think global warming is a real issue, I'm careful to point out whether or not a piece of evidence is specious because too often I've been classified as right wing or anti-science. What I used to value about the internet was how I could have no-holds-barred debates with people from around the world and not be worried about my life being destroyed. From about the age of 11, I visited lots of anarchist and free-speech forums, sites about drug use, politics, etc., and ended up learning quite a bit having to argue with both total fools and those more savvy than I was. Even that young, what I valued was not the "criminal" aspect of these channels but the ability for myself and others to express their true selves, or at least the personae that people portrayed. That's the internet I miss, but it's also the internet that took some skill to use and was far less profitable than it is today. Now that everyone is on it, the people want a level of safety that is dubious and stifles what originally made the web great. Joe Hacker inherently saw the value of libre speech, but the average person either doesn't understand that value or is afraid of being judged for holding that belief. The internet isn't really different from anything else that we censor as a society. I don't believe that the same people who value freedom of speech on the internet would keep around entities like the FCC that quite obviously do not exist to protect the public from anything. The average person either doesn't understand what the FCC is for, or they would shrug and say that it's not such a bad thing. I suspect that HN has a greater than average population of individuals who want an end to censorship online, but I would still agree with narrator in that most of us don't actually want a diversity of opinion. The reality is that most people are self-interested, and that usually doesn't mean that they're interested in hearing different opinions. They want the freedom to express their own opinions, but are still appalled when someone holds a radically different one. People are not very principled and they will move the goal posts out of convenience. We may never see the old internet ever again. I've been meaning to start giving more money to free software projects I've benefitted from. Sadly, a lot of them don't take donations or they use some convoluted payment processor. I would totally be willing to support a project through something like Patreon and pay something like $3 per minor release and $7 for a major release. This should be a no brainer for smaller companies that can only afford free software but also want that software to be well supported. Even as an individual, I don't know why I haven't set up donations on my github projects. Some of them have several stars, and you never know who will buy you a beer or a coffee. Maya definitely works, but I've always needed to create symbolic links and other tweaks for it to work on non-fedora distrust. Can also confirm that Nuke works great on Linux, if you can afford the price tag. I've experienced what's commonly called the "keto flu". Whenever I get back on a keto diet, I drink a lot of electrolytes, get plenty of vitamins, and that seems to mitigate most of the symptoms. It definitely feels like a cold or the flu when it happens, though without a fever. What's wrong with a trend in standing desks? Nobody is forcing you to use one. It's both fortunate and unfortunate that forming relationships with people has more impact on job security than actual performance. That's been my experience, anyway. It works on at least two tiers; people in charge of companies are inclined to hire people they like(we're all tribalistic human apes), and even if they end up not liking you they will hesitate to fire you if that choice will be unpopular with the rest of your team. I know that analysis seems Machiavellian to some extent, but it's the honest truth. Society is never going to be a true meritocracy unless it's run by robots(and even then probably not), but I wouldn't want it to be like that anyway. As humans, we should be allowed to have other redeeming qualities work for us as long as we are forced to work for a living. Who wants to be the developer to train a neural network on child porn? You couldn't pay me all the money in the world twice over to take that job. I think the point is that technology is pulling us apart, not bringing us closer, and that's actually not a bad thing? I'm honestly unsure if there's a more profound point being made, and it definitely comes off as the Postmodern Essay Generator trained on a different bag of words. The title is pretty ridiculous. There are legitimate reasons why people use frameworks like React and Angular. Things like Zam and jQuery could be fine for small projects, but there's no way this is a replacement for frameworks that have build systems, virtual DOMs, etc. Maybe I'm taking the cheeky headline too seriously? I love how terminals are a universal tool that can do a lot with just the default GNU toolset. I hate how I can't choose the caret position with my mouse when using a terminal emulator. Nothing seems designed to allow this. Sometimes there's too much input and using the arrow keys or HOME/END gets tedious. I never learned much from Duolingo. It makes learning languages incredibly boring, and my eyes would glaze over every one of the dozens of times I had to match/construct some variance of "der junge trinkt die milsch." I learned more German just reading English translations of Rammstein lyrics. Anything by Pimsleur is still not very interesting, but at least it can hold my attention. Thank you. It's been a while. Because forms could be easily hidden behind other elements, and checking if those forms are hidden that way comes at the expense of CPU. Autofill is a bad idea in general. I've never willingly used it, yet somehow I'll discover that somehow there's still autosaved form data in my browser. Better turn the thing off all together. Y'know, you could not force multiple tracker scripts and obtrusive ads on me. Stupid bastards. The sad part is that anti-adblocking may work in their favor because the average person isn't going to go as far as to stop using certain websites or turn off JavaScript. It may get to that point with me, though. I already refuse to use most websites that try to block my ad blocker, autoplay videos, open modals too early, etc. It's not about ads, but the types of ads that are presented. There would be backlash if the types of ads we see on the internet were equally as plastered everywhere in real life, but for some reason we've just got to deal with it on the web. I generally don't disdain people for doing things for a living, but I'd openly thumb my nose at developers and anyone else involved in thwarting adblockers and tracking blockers. Talk about a sisyphean job that helps nobody except one of the slimiest industries to exist. A lot of people would be willing to pay for web content; Patreon and the wealth of content on YouTube are a testament to this. But websites that let you pay to remove ads have a problem, and it's that they don't use a unified system to manage subscriptions. The user is somehow supposed to manage what sites they're subscribed to. It'd make more sense if news sites, for example, could integrate with a service where you could manage your subscriptions to these sites as well as more content. I recognized the fact that humans are the lying species a long time ago, and I've tried to counteract that in the workplace. I find opportunities where I can naturally push the boundary a bit, which isn't too hard for a young male with nothing to lose. I do it both for myself and to create room for others to rightfully express themselves and be able to get away with it. It works a little bit. People are still very protective of their position, but I'd like to think people on my team are a little more open about things than when I started. I don't have a way to measure that, though. I can say for sure that we're much more trust-based than when I joined. The truth is a funny thing, literally. I'm not a naturally funny person, and the jokes that I make are often one that only I seem to understand. But it's when I'm honest about things that I get the most laughs. I remember one time when the conversation I was having lead me to say "Some of Charles Manson's music is pretty good" to this one woman, and she laughed at that but I don't think she realized that I meant what I said. I don't know the details of your experiences, but I've learned to not consider that kind of rejection to be a bad thing. Rather than try to please everyone and be mediocre(and unmemorable), I would polarize people so I can know which people might become real friends and weed out those who wouldn't accept me for who I am. A lot of people don't like me because I refuse to act out a personality, and I don't mind that. Most people are a waste of time. That's not to say that I never lie, but I keep my lies relatively harmless. 90% of the few lies I tell are really lies by omission, and the remaining are just exaggerations around true stories. People just enjoy a good story, and it's my job to make those stories entertaining. One of the problems with Tinder is its nebulous ethos. Is it a dating app or is it a hookup app? It seems to pretend that it's both without committing to either one, which muddies the water and I don't think that works terribly well. Tinder is brilliant in that it focuses entirely on vanity, ego, and lust, far more so than any of its predecessors. Thus, it has taken a large portion of the dating market away from sites like OKCupid, which had virtually nobody on it in the LA area when I last used it nearly a year ago. Once upon a time, I was an overweight nerd with no money, yet I somehow got dates through OKC. Those days are long gone. The only alternative I can recommend is real life . Nothing beats it, and it's the only way you can know you aren't wasting your time. Go to meetups and actually talk to people and figure out how to improve when you screw up. Being able to get to know people, even if they don't end up being dates, is pretty awesome. It means actually having to grow as a person, but I would bet on a higher success rate than with any dating app/website. All dating apps I know of are a joke. Bumble is hilarious because it actually makes an existing problem worse and sells that as a solution; women don't want hundreds of messages from random penises, and they're very unlikely to initiate a conversation.(i don't blame them) Match, Chemistry, PoF, and all those old-school sites are borderline scams that charge a fortune. Match will send you daily emails telling you how many likes(is it "winks"? i can't remember now.) you're getting, but none of that seems to manifest on the site itself. It's the ol' bait and switch. Yikes, I knew that OKC, Match, and Chemistry were owned by the same company, but I had no idea they'd become such a monopoly. Thanks for enlightening us! I've had similar experiences with group events. It's true that a lot of the women you meet are not available or looking for a relationship, which can be pretty frustrating when you meet someone you really like. So I definitely get you there. Online dating does separate the wheat from the chaff in that sense, but I still find it more frustrating because there's far more competition I have to deal with and 99% of the time there's no return. When I'm in public with someone I find attractive, there's a high likelihood I can at least strike a conversation with them. Even if nothing comes of it, I gain experience. With online dating, I just get experience updating my profile and sending messages with almost no payoff. It definitely works for some people. My best friend met his fiance on OKCupid years ago, and I've gotten multiple dates through it in the past, so I know that it can work. Whether the online dating sphere still functions properly is a different question, considering my online dating success decreased while my situation in life drastically improved, which makes no sense to me. I'll add that I'm not particularly bothered by any of this. As you were in your 20s, I am at a stage where the benefits of dating don't outweigh the benefits of focusing on my craft until I can reach a certain threshold. It's not as much of an issue for SEO, depending on what you're using to render. The bigger problem is Facebook, Twitter, and the like are not going to run JavaScript to read your meta tags. It's not an issue for everyone, but if you're a publisher of articles then you're still going to have to render something from the server. Of course one can come halfway by only rendering the head tag contents and not producing a body, which is where most of the complication comes from. Even worse are the people who suggest going to a club. Growing up in the 90's, there were far more kids playing outside. Even in the early 2000's, I used to remark how kids aren't getting out much anymore. Now there are articles about this phenomenon that are being taken seriously, so I guess I was right. Respectfully, do you really believe that? I find that doubtful. Google has zero to gain from doing so. I still prefer semicolons when connecting two related thoughts, whereas it seems that em-dashes are most often used as a pause or a pseudo-comma. The brilliance of the semicolon is that you can connect two or more closely related sentences without a full stop. Em-dashes can't be used to connect multiple complete sentences. Semicolons are really more powerful than em-dashes, less pretty they may be. That's why I have doubts as to how often depression is actually caused by a medical condition. Judging by myself, I suspect that a lot of people, including people who are seemingly happy and successful, have hidden disappointments that even a psychologist can't pry out of them. Yeah, purposeful convolution to confuse scientific/psychological journal editors is far superior. I'd never heard of social media integration. That is true bullshit, and I wonder what the analog is in Chrome. But what's wrong with DRM? DRM sucks, but I don't know why it's in someone's interest to not be able to watch Netflix in their browser. Leaflet has been a pleasure to work with. I recently used it to build animated wildfire maps, such as this one of the Thomas Fire in California. https://firetracker.scpr.org/thomas-fire-santa-barbara-2017 It solves the same problem that are solved by having different bathrooms for men and women. Men want a place where they can piss and fart away from women, and vise versa. I see nothing unreasonable with a group wanting privacy when it comes to discourse. As long as no double-standards are applied to any group of people wanting own private space, I see no problem. I'm not sure if it's what I said about bathrooms or the fact that I'm against double-standards, but either one is apparently controversial when supporting privacy and safe spaces. I suppose next week Naziism will be politically correct. This community is unbelievable sometimes. Is that why my parent comment has been subsequently flagged? Though my second comment was not substantive, I don't see what is outrageous or controversial about what I had said prior to that. It does not violate any part of the guidelines. That's pretty damned clever. In a far less sophisticated way, I was able to achieve audio transmission without any extra hardware except for a ~6 foot aux audio cable. This was back when I was maybe 14 years old and I was already building RF circuits with crystal oscillators and such. Learning that audio is sampled at specific frequencies, I was then lead to wonder if the same principles used to send and receive audio through proximal electromagnetism(since electrical current generate fields). While this is obvious to any adult with basic knowledge of science, it was quite novel for me to discover that my boom box radio, when set to auxiliary mode, could slightly pick up audio passing through an open-ended cable from my sound card. What I really didn't expect was that by upping the volume further, I could send a clear signal across several feet. Clearly, this wasn't just the force of magnetism but there was some radio activity happening. I never figured out what was going on, although I hypothesized that the transistors in the microphone input hardware of the boom box were configured in a way that was behaving like a transistor radio. I would love to understand what was really happening there. Actually, you're correct since there's no one frequency that's being modulated. It must have been AM. By open-ended cable, I meant that there was an audio cable coming out of my sound card but connected to nothing on the other end. That's how I remember it, anyway. Actually, I think I increased the volume output in my PC was well as the volume on my receiver. One of the first "real" programs I wrote was a thing in Visual Basic 6 that would navigate to the giving tree page and quickly snatch up stuff. It was extremely primitive, requiring me to manually sign in to Neopets through an IE webview, and most of my code was ripped from other projects on planetsourcecode.com(that site was epic to my 12 year old self), but somehow I made it work for a short while. Trust me, I didn't really understand what was going on or even what a GET request was. Also, pushing the limits of the HTML and styling you could have on a store page helped me learn those things, and I'm sure some of the knowledge I use for my career in web development today came from those days on Neopets. I wonder if I came across your site back then. When did progressives start believing en masse that two wrongs make a right? That's the thing... I'm not conservative by any stretch of the imagination, though I am often mistaken for one; I enjoy listening to people like Jordan Peterson and even Ben Shapiro because they are excellent debaters and can make solid arguments. I can't think of anyone on the other side of the political spectrum who can even come close in that regard, although I would love for someone to give me some examples. People are buying Chinese action cameras in such droves? Everyone I know with an action camera owns a GoPro. Something seems amiss to me, though perhaps things are different in California. But then why just these cameras? There are plenty of types of devices that have viable Chinese knockoffs for cheap, yet the non-Chinese brands thrive or at least sustain. These are really old scams – it's just that they're now being applied to a different market. The problem is that the more you whittle down bigger arguments to "a thousand tiny factors", the less tangible and less useful arguments around gender inequality become. Your argument seems to be that girls are so suggestible that any discouragement easily bounces them back in line. Frankly, there are far more reasons why a man would want to enter STEM than a woman. A man can put of devoting time to a family because he doesn't have the biological clock a woman has; STEM is a demanding set of fields that require a lot of thought and time, which becomes a challenge for an intelligent woman who also wants time to find a man she can not only relate to but is at least at the same class level as she is. Being in STEM also means being around a lot of unattractive, perhaps creepy men. STEM is competitive, and men and women compete in different ways, so a woman will likely always have to compete on the playing field of men. If I was a woman, I probably wouldn't bother, not because someone told me I couldn't do it, but because it makes no sense from a perspective of happiness and reproduction. There's a slim chance the kind of man I would want would also be attracted to me as a person, and I might not even meet such a man if I'm spending most of my time in a lab or behind a computer. As a man, there is a lot of incentive to go into STEM, probably more than ever. Actually, there's incentive to do just about anything so long as it provides a channel to move into the level of class one aspires to. Good luck attracting an intelligent woman who's going places if you're a cashier or a taxi driver. It's not to say that's impossible, but you put yourself at a huge disadvantage as a man when you don't work towards bigger things. Flip the sexes, and it's totally different; successful, intelligent men are far less likely to negatively judge a potential partner based on her career choice. Because of the tech revolution, working with technology can lead to greater levels of prestige than what used to be attainable. Men perceive prestige as a way of opening doors to the mating pool. For women, too much prestige can close doors because they appear more unattainable. (granted, both can experience levels of unattainableness, but it's all about perception at the end of the day) I would love for society to expose more girls to science and technology, and encourage them to explore those ideas, but we also need to accept that men and women aren't the same and they are going to have different motivations and perceptions on aggregate. Believing that women can and should behave more like men is fundamentally sexist. I'm not saying you are wrong, but has there ever been research that suggests this is actually as widespread a problem as suggested? Otherwise, my main point still stands that there are other factors in play during adulthood, besides systematic bias, that would explain the lack of women in STEM and why the desire for gender parity is absurd. Those in my circle of friends who made something of themselves came from difficult backgrounds that didn't encourage them to do what they're doing now. Granted, this is anecdotal, but this is the perspective I'm coming from. I myself have always been averse to encouragement because I don't like doing things to please people or for reasons other than purely my own, but I'm probably a minority when it comes to that. When it comes to women, I do think there's a widespread cultural problem of discouragement that tells them they are either not smart enough or won't be happy doing X. That is something we should definitely change, but if we instead encourage women into things they're not terribly interested in, we're not going to get the results we delude ourselves into believing are attainable. Removing barriers is preferable to tilting the playing field, which should be insulting to everyone. > They also have a weird rule where you can only get 1 notification within a 30 minute window. So if I take my garbage outside and the camera sees me, it will send an alert. If an axe murderer comes onto the property 20 minutes after that, the camera won't alert me. So a burglar can shine a laser pointer into the lens from a far distance and disable the camera from recording them? Wow. My parents have a Ring with motion alerts and it's constantly getting set off by reflections, moths, birds, etc. This is a device that also has a supposed "Smart Alert algorithm", but it seems little better than basic statistical detection. I just wish that people who get infected would wear a freaking mask when going out in public. I've heard that masks don't do much for people who aren't infected, but I imagine a mask would catch a lot of the droplets that come out of someone's mouth when they cough. I've never been more glad to live alone. That may be true for many people, but what about young children and the elderly? https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/features/face-masks-flu/ > McDevitt and his colleagues screened 89 volunteers, 37 of whom tested positive for the flu and were asked to provide exhaled breath samples with and without a surgical mask. Among the volunteers, 43% exhaled large influenza-containing particles while not wearing a mask, compared to 11% while wearing a mask; 92% exhaled small influenza-containing particles while not wearing a mask, compared to 78% while wearing a mask. In addition, they found that the flu virus was 8.8 times more numerous in exhaled small particles than in large particles. From what I understand that suggests that surgical masks are only slightly effective. But that study only tests surgical masks that don't filter particles less than 0.5 microns, and not N95 masks which can filter out particles as small as 0.3 microns. http://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2012/04/lab-study... > A US-Chinese team of researchers created a simulated examination room with mechanized mannequins spaced 6 feet apart to represent coughing and breathing humans. They found that flu viruses floated between the two and were "inhaled" by the breathing mannequin, but that an N95 respirator sealed to the mannequin's face stopped 99.8% of them. If that's accurate, it's pretty incredible. Out of paranoia I've sometimes worn surgical masks for viral transmission to the office during flu season, but it looks like I should be visiting Home Depot instead of Walgreens. You are lightyears ahead of most people for understanding that fact. It's probably easier for managers to overrate their skills and performance because the problems they cause are often not overt; if parts of their team are underperforming, the knee-jerk assessment is that "there's something wrong with Joe" rather than "there's something wrong with our process" or "there's something wrong with what I'm doing." Some of my worst experiences with management involved cases of serious micromanagement. I'd say if you're micromanaging, there's a 99.9 percent chance that you're a bozo and you don't belong in the position you're in even if you had initially earned it. You have trust issues with your employees and you've failed to build a team and environment that allows people to effectively manage themselves. The best mangers I've known are the ones who are minimally involved. People who are given the space to make choices, be creative, and fail every so often, will often figure out how to manage themselves. I'd argue that people usually leave both managers and companies because companies too often fail to recognize the broken patterns of managers. This is anecdotal, but I worked at one place where more than half of the development team(those with the most talent) quit within a span of 2 weeks, and somehow upper management decided it was not the fault of our tyrannical manager and instead replaced those positions with junior developers they could underpay and abuse. It's all the more insulting when you can point out the problems and provide actual solutions, and the aloof men in suits on Mount Olympus allow the problem to fester. I might have stayed for another year had they booted out our manager. The fact that most people have stories of terrible management is astounding, and it doesn't say very much for whatever training managers receive(if any?). I've experienced both kinds of low involvement, but I was definitely referring to cases where we shared values. A case of indifference is still preferable to tyranny, though it obviously comes with its own set of problems. The biggest issue I have with uninvolved managers is the conflict between knowing what's expected versus the level of autonomy I should have. This problem is not isolated, of course. But an uninvolved manager may grant a lot of autonomy while failing to make it clear to their employees what sort of decisions they cannot male autonomously. As an employee, I will only ask so many questions before deciding the system is ridiculous and then overriding it. That's just my nature. If something is so important to a process, like communicating with a bunch of anonymous suits on Mount Olympus before a major release of one particular product, that information should be handed down to me. I shouldn't have to pry every detail out of management to get my job done, and occasionally they'll be punished when I make an arbitrary decision. A good manager should be able to provide relevant information and facilitate the product process while staying out of the way. If they're always too busy attending meetings outside the team, then they'll reap what they sow and have no one to blame but themselves. By the way, I do not make character judgments on most managers. Most of the people who've managed me are great people outside the office setting. I can definitely attest to showering and walking being the best idea facilitators. In fact, I believe the same can be true for coding. I've solved a lot of coding problems in my head while hiking. I bet there's a connection there to the relationship between physical activity and mental capability throughout the aging process. Someone should build a wifi-enabled touchscreen shower door for saving shower thoughts to the cloud. ECS is pretty nice. I wish they did what Rancher did by allowing docker-compose.yml and an extra YML file for Rancher-specific setup. How? The article mostly suggests that personas are just done wrong, and that's why they fail. Has this method ever actually been proven to increase success? In my experience, they always end up being hideous stereotypes that nobody takes seriously(for good reason). I disagree. Users, in reality, don't care about all the crap that stakeholders and some developers care about. They don't care about Material design, fancy animations, beautiful buttons, "elegant" code,a ton of niche features, mobile apps(no I'm not kidding), your annoying push notifications, your fancy menu bars that you also fix to the top of the screen for whatever reason, your autoplay videos, your little "delightful" asides that interrupt the content, etc. They want something that works without much effort or worry that the software will fail, and that doesn't necessarily have to do with how fancy or feature rich an app is. Craigslist and the Quartz app are just a few examples of what I'm talking about. Nobody except maybe some stakeholders ever asked for those things to be more fancy than they are. They are simple and they work. The end. Unfortunately, we are in an era where everyone wants to be like Google, or at least thinks they need to. I do not believe that the rest of the world would be worse off if they stopped spending time making "production ready" software that visually competes with the Big 5. Software becomes complex because we allow it to become complex. Just because you can add another feature doesn't mean that you now have more value for a finite amount of pay for X developer time. Companies seem often blind to continual costs for support that go up every time each time the solution is to add a new feature or software package for a small segment of the customer base or the company itself. Whomever is in charge should acquiesce less often. But everyone wants to be a wizard. I'm disagreeing with your point that users are expecting more of software. Their expectations have changed in some ways, but not really in any that makes software significantly more complex. To shorten my last post, it's poor development practices and a lack of foresight from upper management that makes software too complicated. You could make an interface that looks like it's from the mid 2000's(garbage by today's standards) and people would still use it if it works well and is reliable. Look at HN. Do we need more from it than it already provides? If it was up to the average upper management, the backend would need constant retooling for every feature request from different departments, 12 forms of analytics, newsletter signup forms in between posts, job alerts, a mobile app with a nag message on mobile pages, single sign on from Facebook and Google, share buttons, a waffle iron, etc. None of which the actual users and even the developers ever wanted. EDIT: Some people might point to Slack as an exception to my argument. Indeed, Slack looked very nice compared to the competition when it first came out. But what made it a killer app was that it took the best of the IRC experience and made it a universal experience between devices and browsers. Plus it can use a company's SSO. When it first came out, it was also not very complicated. I remember when it didn't have reactions or threads, but it was a breath of fresh air after having come from using things like HipChat and Gchat, both of which were pretty dreadful. It's been a while since swine flu and africanized honeybees. They need a new threat! A society that actually believes it needs these measures is in serious trouble. None of this crap is going to work. And why would it? Pretty much all boys got their hands on porn when I was a kid, and it seemed to have no bearing on how we grew up. There's porn addiction and all that, but there's a lot that goes into what defines an addiction(and alcohol is legal, so...), and some of the boys I knew who watched the most porn grew up to earn six figures or more in prestigious fields. A child who is viewing porn online is almost definitely seeking it out, and if that's true, they will circumvent almost any of these truly laughable attempts to shield children on the internet. At best, you might be able to instantiate laws around porn in advertisements. But good luck preventing kids from watching porn. If anything, age walls will make porn more exciting to watch because it makes it forbidden. The stupidity of adults never fails to astound me. COPPA made me laugh when I was a kid, and still does. I don't know why you're being downvoted. It's true that GB accepts far more invasive policies, including mass surveillance that exceeds the United States. You're making an assumption that because glucose is part of the process, it is essential to ingest it through sucrose, fructose, starches, etc. For humans at least, this isn't really the case as it's possible for the body to produce glucose from fat and protein when no polysaccharides are being ingested, and function normally and indefinitely doing so. Without water, vitamins, sodium, iron, etc., the body will experience problems it cannot compensate for. Starch(in general) is considered a nutrient, but not because it can be used to produce glucose. The media seems to have a very different view of how the public used Facebook than what I think reality dictates. Even my most left leaning friends have never told me they were particularly bothered by fake news on Facebook, besides maybe some viral crap posted by their aunt. People are leaving Facebook because it's not that satisfying, and the public has become increasingly aware of this. Pretty much everyone knows that people exaggerate the hell out of their lives and that maintaining an online persona has diminishing returns. It's also just not cool anymore because Facebook is seen as a highly censored platform, and you never know when the algorithm has decided that your post won't "go viral" so many of your friends never see it. Then of course there's seeing the same ads over and over again. But no, it's because people are concerned about Russian meddling and fake news! Hahaha Who is the target audience of your company? The reason I ask is that I highly doubt I could use CSS grid at my company(news outlet) without breaking the site for many of the users. Slack is not hard to ignore. As I've mentioned in previous threads: * Mute all channels. * Take long periods of time to respond to people. Trust me, this isn't ever going to lead to any sense of shame. * Set yourself to away most of the time. * Disable gifs. * Set notifications for keywords like "lunch" and "meeting". * Disable the icon badge. (the red dot if you're using macOS) Now you can be productive with Slack. I know all these things are designed to grab our attention but, seriously, have some agency in your life. Deciding to go "offline" is perfectly legitimate, but I do think Slack can be easily used in a way that doesn't waste time. Same! I built a van der graff generator loosely based on his. A great portion of my young adulthood was consumed by Bill Beaty's site and Simon Field's "Scitoys" website. I might have been on my way to becoming a scientist, but life doesn't always go how you expect. I hope his site always keeps that 1996 era look to it. :) One of his pages that I never forgot was the one on Traffic Waves: http://trafficwaves.org/ I would tell people for years that we could alleviate traffic in LA if we paid small fleets of cars to drive a certain way and got laughed at. Well, now there's this(cited in the page above): "A Single Autonomous Car Has a Huge Impact on Alleviating Traffic" https://www.technologyreview.com/s/607841/a-single-autonomou... What's with all these articles about CSS grid within a few days? I feel like someone who really doesn't like Bootstrap is paying for people to insist that CSS grid is ready for production. Look at this: https://caniuse.com/#feat=css-grid 78.08% global usage, and that's if you use autoprefixing. That's just pathetic. I'm as much a fan of CSS grid as the next person, but no way I'm going to build a site or an app with it only to have my boss yell at me because ~20% of the audience says the design looks like garbage or doesn't work. Not to mention the extra overhead of supporting two forms of layout for the purpose of implementing a developer convenience, the point of which is defeated by having a fallback. (lolwut) That is until your boss's boss from up above complains that the web app you've built for them isn't working on their Windows 7 computer. I would normally agree with quickly dropping support for the old web, but then I'm forced to balance that with the dirtiness of mobile/feature detection for CSS, in which case I would choose to use the CSS that will just work for the situation at hand. Yes People struggle with things that actually matter, or put their character in the spotlight. I've found most people will do everything they can to avoid conflict, which is bad because it means problems don't get resolved. Worse yet, some people such as myself won't correct behavior unless they get explicit feedback. I really effing hate how most people's way of dealing with conflict is through covert aggression; it's insulting because it suggests I'm not capable of arguing like a grown adult, and I'm left to interpret an issue that might just be in my head. I assume people do this for similar reasons to why they won't explicitly apologise for wrongdoings. I'm sure it's a difficult position as a parent, although I have no experience in that department. That said, have you wondered why you find those things "horrifying"? I might be a bit concerned if it was rape porn, but besides that I am unconvinced that there'such harm to come from children seeing porn, either at an individual or social level. As I've noted before, if a child is looking at porn, that means they have a desire for it, which I think is difficult for parents to come to terms with. I certainly wouldn't want porn foisted on children, but if they are seeking it out through their own volition, there really isn't much you can do about it; a parent's treatment of a child viewing porn probably has more potential for a negative outcome than the porn itself since it is ultimately blaming human beings for their innate instinct. As if there is something wrong with naked adults having consentual sex, or practicing paraphilias. I discovered porn when I was 10 through AltaVista image search. Just type in a female name and presto! By this time, there wasn't a whole lot my parents could do because I was going to look at porn one way or another. As with violent video games, parents have no governance over what their kids have access to at their friends' houses. In that case, establishing trust with your children will go a lot further than making them fear something that they innately understand to be practically harmless. By the way, parents could actually talk to their kids about sex and, yes, even porn. If you're a good parent, your words will likely have an impact even if your kids continue to get their hands on porn. How do you know that this isn't correlation as opposed to causation? Addictive practices are common avoidance strategies. Most of the time it's recruiters who want a docx file so they can fudge certain points and mislead the employer into giving you an interview, for which they undoubtedly get paid commission for. Just saying. Some people are fine with this. I personally don't trust any recruiter that won't happily accept a PDF or at least tell me why they want the resume changed. Our industry is pretty hilarious in this sense. In school, it's expected that you go through multiple drafts to complete an essay, and usually those who skipped that process paid a penalty. Publishing is a high speed industry, but time is still set aside for revisions and editing. These same standards seem to rarely be applied in programming, I guess because our work isn't seen as writing communication. We make computers "go". Because of that, we are too often writing and reading each others' rough drafts. > AMP is obviously conceived, funded, and implemented by Google and its employees. If you squinted your eyes and tilted your head just right you could see a "good for the web" angle with faster mobile pages. An idea predicated on a lie can only go downhill. Engineers need to, as best they can, convince product owners that AMP in any form is a poison apple. Shouldn't that liability come with owning the device? I don't understand how we've come to think, as a legal system, that the maker of a tool is responsible for the behavior of modifications made to their tool. Maybe that's not even true, but it seems to be believed so. If it is, I find it preposterous. Perhaps there's some money to follow. Washing machines can malfunction and cause fires, hypothetically. Just because one device is designed in a way that is particularly dangerous doesn't mean the same reasoning can't be applied to another device that is dangerous to a lesser degree. I know the solution: Just remove government officials who use the word "cyber". My experience is limited, but I doubt engineers ever speak up about those things. I've yet to witness it. And I'm no better; the best that I usually do is audibly groan at those things or share opinion pieces about them in Slack. Actually, there was one time I witnessed an engineer speak up about why a particular popular idea was a bad thing long-term. He left immediately after management squinted at him and tilted their heads like confused dogs. That doesn't mean that it's not worth the effort. I would rather try something than to never have. All I can say now is that I won't be working on any future AMP development. The people who employ me may have to have to decide if it's worth firing me over an insidious Google feature. I hold no malice to my employer, but there comes a point where I cannot take money to do damage to the technology that enabled my career. TLDR: Your point is well taken, but my point still stands that there should be some way for stakeholders to know that what they want may have long-term negative consequences. Oh I know full well what people's motivations are. Said motivations can contradict a principle without invalidating it. If people are fine playing into the erosion of the very technology that allows them to make money, that's on them. From now on, it won't be on me. That may be true, but the vast majority of people don't keep a stockpile of "fuck you" money in case of such situations. The path of least resistance is to lick boots and spend spend spend, not to be "insubordinate" or forego bad deals like rent-to-own from banks. Whoa, whoa... people use Zelle and Venmo to buy things??? Everyone I know uses those to send money to friends. Banks not protecting mah fraud... better switch back to Western Union for my Nigerian prince money! Ironic how Blogger pages have become much worse for mobile in the face of Google promoting AMP. Or we can simply deliver what the user needs and not include every analytics tracker under the sun, scrolljacking, or shove dozens of images and links in their face to improve "engagement". I would certainly prefer some solution that's not centralized or controlled by a giant advertising firm, but prerendering just isn't needed for most webpages. Especially the kind of webpages that are delivering through AMP. Shouldn't we be asking ourselves why the hell it takes so long to download and render news articles? Those are generally the kind of pages I see available through AMP. AMP does indeed try to ameliorate that issue, but in totally the wrong way(and without really solving it). Seriously now, the web was designed with the specific purpose of displaying pages of content, and now we should prerender these pages for performance reasons? Something's really wrong here if the answer is to prerender pages as a blanket solution rather than applying applying other performance solutions on a per-need basis. What are all these sites doing that is so taxing that we need prerendering? How about just delivering text, minimal styling, and some scripts to help lazy-load and download optimized images? Virtually all the sites I see are delivering through AMP could easily do just that. Instead, their sites are littered with trash including multiple versions of jQuery, code that doesn't even execute on the given page but on others, ads galore, custom GA scripts, Mixpanel, Bootstrap, videos, etc. All trash, and poorly implemented trash at that. Web Packaging IS better, I'll grant you that. I propose that, before we go down that road, our industry take good long look at itself. If all this other optimization that we're doing when we bundle and ship our code isn't working, then we're failing right out of the gate, and we don't need to add another optimization as fuel to the dumpster fire. The article makes it pretty clear that relationships and marriage take the place of friends, especially for men. 30 is also that sort of point where women who haven't had kids already think "uh oh, better soon than never". I can see the downvotes coming already for speaking on behalf of women, but I have more female friends than male ones and the number 30 is universally dreaded for the reason I describe. Well, then there's the looks factor which, take it how you will, but society generally views that age as "the wall". So by that point, you'd better have found your partner in life. If that's one's goal, and it is for most people, are you going to expend your energy finding more friends or are you going to expend it towards finding a "life-long" mate? I'm nearing 30, and I'd say over 90% of my friends have significant others. Long-term relationships significantly changes a person's behavior; the concept of friendship gradually shifts towards "How can I include my SO in this?" If we go to the movies, it's gotta be a film that he/she is going to like, and they don't like scary movies so that's out of the question now. Maybe your existing friends you've still got around will tolerate this, but new friends aren't going to do everything that your SO wants to do. With my guy friends especially, everything now revolves around what their SO wants to do even when their SO actually permits us to go off and do guy things. I think this happens to most people, though, and I would be no exception if I was in a relationship. As the article states, good luck if you are trying to make friends with another couple. Chances are at least one person in that party isn't really interested in the friendship. Putting aside that constraint, however, I haven't had that much difficulty making friends at my age. I think a lot of people figure out that most people aren't worth their time, thus friends really don't provide all that much. As long as you've got a couple good friends who have your back even if you haven't talked in months, you're golden. If you're in a relationship with someone, the even less you need the company of others. People also get dull by the time they're in their 30s. They spent so much time working and relationshipping that they lost a lot of imagination and didn't really expand their horizons as much as their Instagrams would suggest. I'm not saying this is a permanent state, but a doldrum that happens after a person has spent so much time ticking off the boxes of things they're supposed to accomplish. That's what tunnelvision can do to a person. It's definitely possible to get out of it, which is probably why my few real friends are either in their early-to-mid 20s or past 40. Hah, maybe. My happiest friends are in their 40s and 50s, so I hope you're wrong. :) > The majority of Ballou’s 2017 graduating class missed more than six weeks of school If not for the investigation, would anyone have ever noticed? Good grief! I think this is intended for the case where a database has been compromised, but then again, I thought that hash algorithms and salting were supposed to deal with that. Why are they connected to any network at all? Why aren't they just used to tally votes? I haven't touched Turbolinks since the the first version(at one point there was a rewrite if I recall), but I'm pretty sure it would only replace the body and not reinsert the head content, thus meaning that the existing scripts continue to run without being "rebooted" or downloaded again. Plus there's a slight benefit from not building a new DOM. The downside is that all your scripts can't depend directly on 'DOMContentLoaded' or jQuery.ready. This isn't much of a problem if you're using a framework where navigation is abstracted away anyway, but third-party software can still get messed up. I was surprised that the extension didn't interfere with my Ember.js app, but then disappointed when it prevented Leaflet from working across navigations. I honestly don't know why that would be the case since my app already does its own navigation without page reloads. You just helped me rediscover a lost aspect of my childhood. Sparkbangbuzz.com was one of a handful of science websites my 14 year old self couldn't get enough of. I'm pretty sure that's where I first learned of the leyden jar and was inspired to build one. I'm so glad to see that site still exists in all its Web 1.0 glory. :) Apparently this is not terribly sophisticated. https://www.google.com/search?tbm=shop&ei=q3uVWtOfMM-4jwPqwZ... And more generally: https://www.google.com/search?tbm=shop&ei=rnuVWpLsIJKEjwP8uq... So it would seem they blocked a direct result but not suggested results. The notion that "a junior engineer and a manager who is at least partially paying attention can get that done" is a horseshit excuse that could be applied to 99% of what any given developer does. Moreover, developers find themselves having to write tests and fix bugs because the priorities of upper management didn't allow it or foster it for the last developer. Then upper management needs to be forthright in their priorities. Have you ever worked somewhere that didn't tell their developers something like "we expect clean code and quality software"? I don't think I've heard of somewhere that owned up to the fact that their primary interest was to pump out software despite a lack of code maintainability. I'm sure that the teams that produce hot garbage for Oracle tell themselves that they care about code quality. In that case, developers are expected to read between the lines, which is quite an antipattern in doing business with any company. If you're essentially being lied to, the deal can only get worse from there. Developers having a level of autonomy to address problems is what you consider "going rogue"? I guess it looks that way if I squint, but if developers can't decide on their own to address problems, that's not somewhere anyone should want to work. I wouldn't even want to be the slavedriver who sees their developers who are solving legitimate problems as escaping the plantation. A good manager should, rather than see this behavior as rogue, try to work it in to the existing process. A healthy development cycle should allow developers to allot a level of time or effort to address issues, and even junior developers can know better what needs to be addressed than someone who hardly touches the code. You're right, going rogue isn't the solution; it's a sign that leaving the organization may be the solution. There is a balance between the developer's priorities and that of the business. A business that doesn't care about a developer's judgment is totally myopic and self-deluded into thinking that it knows best about the nuanced facets of its operation. Concurrently, developers have been paid to do a job, and if they divert too much from what that job is, that can be doing wrong to the hand that's feeding them. Yet, if they are being set up to fail by the company(e.g. insufficient time allotted to maintenance), they are faced with the choice to "go rogue" in an attempt to save themselves and perhaps the company if they can see a rude awakening up ahead. As much as you may see this as transgression, this kind of situation is ultimately set up by the employer and they are solely responsible. We're not talking about employees doing their own side projects on the company time; they may literally be trying to save the company from itself. Employees are going to going to exert some form of autonomy even when it's not granted to them. Those who are in positions of power can choose to harness that initiative instead of viewing it as a threat. I haven't been interviewed by you, but the initial process is stellar! Applying and going through the code challenges was very smooth. Plus the fact that on completion, if the applicant passes, are pretty much guaranteed some form of an interview, is great. How many of those are bots and phony accounts? In the US & Canada, the number of active accounts has been in decline. https://techcrunch-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/techcrunch.com... Granted, only by ~1 million, but that's not growth. Facebook will always be profitable in some respect, just as AOL is still profitable, but it's entirely possible that people are going to get bored and move on to other things. Old folks will still use Facebook to debate about which Denny's in town has the better supreme skillet, but there's no sign that Facebook will hold on to the ubiquity it currently has. Maybe Facebook will continue to mean something to the world outside the west, which a graph in the story I linked to seems to suggest. I think many psychiatrists prescribe first because people who are clinically depressed have such a high rate of suicide that it's better to first reduce the risk pf death before further treatment. I'm not saying that applying that principle so broadly is a good thing, but I can see where they're coming from. I didn't even realize web USB was a thing now. I remember it being talked about, but I must have missed the HN conversation when Chrome implemented it. So does Chrome ask for permission to allow USB access? Or maybe there's something about this I'm not getting. My weekday routine: - My alarm goes off at 7am. I ignore it and sleep for another 30 minutes. I do this because it helps me have dreams I can recall, and my biological clock wakes me up reliably anyway. - Drink some water or cranberry juice and check email, HN, etc. - Shower and brush teeth at the same time. - Have a Rockstar Pure Zero energy drink. These have absolutely no effect on me at this point, but it's a ritual I enjoy. People who know me find this absurd, but it's considered normal to pay much more than I do for a coffee or sugar-filled frapuccino from Starbucks every morning. - Drive to train station and take train to work. - The first ~4 hours of work are what I consider my "office hours", which means that it's a time where I am going to work casually on light tasks with the expectation that I'm going to be interrupted by meetings and helping people. I do this for a couple reasons: One reason is that I don't think it's good for people to work hard for more than 4 hours a day, and the other is that I need to block off a period of the day where I can concentrate on an important task. After my office hours, it's unlikely that I'm going to be needed for anything, so I will either work from home for the rest of the day or be slow to reply to low-priority issues. - Get home around 5:30pm. Either eat at Waba Grill or go to the grocery store to get ingredients to make dinner at home. I hardly keep anything in my fridge and pantry because I'm likely to pig out. Plus it gives me an opportunity to be around people. - Work out in my home gym. I have my Xbox set up in front of my treadmill, so I'll play Halo Reach multiplayer while walking between 3 and 4 MPH. No, I've never fallen and hurt myself; I have an excellent inner ear. For strength, I mostly rely on my Total Gym and my pull-up bar. Pull-ups are amazing, by the way. If I could take one piece of gym equipment with me anywhere I go, it would be a pull-up bar. - If it's a Tuesday, my neighbor and I hang out on my porch and chat about life and the state of the world over beer or whisky. - Work on personal projects. I do this way too much, and it takes a toll on my health. Sitting down for long periods of time sucks. - Go to bed between 10:30p, but realistically I'll fall asleep around 11:30p because I listen to lectures on YouTube to wind down. My weekends too often get consumed by coding personal projects. Again, this is a mixed bag because I would be thrilled to create a project that ends up being successful, but it also means long periods of time where I'm not getting outside. If I'm not coding anything, then I'm definitely out in the wilderness. This doesn't seem to cause any obvious problems with my health or mental state, although I'm open to hearing how this could be damaging in the long-term. Glad to see there's an alternative to headless Chrome that's not tied to Google in any way. Don't bacteriophages have to respond to some stimuli in order to attach itself to a host cell and inject genetic material? I uninstalled every Facebook product from my phone. Turns out I really didn't need Messenger after all. As I still concede to using Facebook, I have decided to install a Chrome shortcut to mbasic.facebook.com. It does everything I need without tons of scripting, doesn't optimistically download content, and loads fast when my bandwidth is reduced. It never notifies me, and that's a good thing. Without infinite scrolling, I'm less likely to waste time. Maybe I'll decide to ditch Facebook entirely, but for now, using mbasic has been a healthier alternative. My 4g LTE bandwidth seems to last longer, too. With HTTPS and a mobile connection, I can't see why I would need a VPN for Facebook. I remember uninstalling Facebook was pretty difficult. I was only able to truly get rid of it by rooting my phone(I didn't do it for that purpose, but that ended up being one benefit). They must pay Samsung a lot of money because there's no good reason why a non-critical app would be so hard to remove. Yes, but I also want that space. Nothing changes the fact that it really doesn't have a right to be there. :) Also, there were other apps that I could only disable. I think YouTube might have been one of them, and I would really prefer to use NewPipe instead. So once I was rooted it was kind of like "Well, might as well delete ALL of that crap." I saw them once at a job fair back in 2013. I honestly couldn't figure out what they were about. They did an extremely poor job at explaining themselves, and I walked away wondering if they were just a Google Docs ripoff. At some level I agree, but if we focused on too few things at once, we become deficient in other areas and that has consequences. Also, not all people have the passion and the talent to work do cancer research. I have the usual reasons for preferring solitude over socializing, but there's also a sort of meta-reason that causes me to want to socialize even less: When I am asked about what I've been up to, and I'm honest in that I spend a lot of my time in a balance between intellectual pursuits and mundane chores, I am treated as if I am crazy or deficient. People who don't require my level of solitude see it as a sign that I'm broken, and they never grasp that I prefer it because it helps me stay healthy and creative. I recently took a two week vacation from work; I had been working non-stop for over a year and needed some time to not code or work on anything. I drove out to Arches National Park, spent some time in nature, came back, and simply relaxed at home. Read some books, played video games, etc. According to everyone, I should have gone out to see the latest movies, taken a cruise, traveled to cities, experienced night life, seen family and friends, and filled all my days with "activities". My life is supposed to be exciting, by their standard of what exciting is. It's pretty insulting, especially because they don't even attempt to see it my way. I perfectly understand why others don't want the kind of solitude that I desire, and I don't deride them of it. To be a genuine person only to be met with implications that I'm not living my life correctly makes me think "Why am I bothering with this shit?" So I socialize even less. To me, socializing for the sake of it is rarely worth the time. It's good practice for when you want to socialize with people who are worth your time, but the returns are pretty diminishing. I don't need to continually explain to people why I'm not filling every moment of my life with "activities" and why I care about my craft(coding). People who value socializing often talk about being a good listener, but they rarely do this themselves. If people were more open in their attitudes, I'd be more likely to want to socialize with them. I find such reactions very common. Worse yet, I'm asked by friends and family why I spend my free time doing work(that I enjoy doing), and why I'm not dating anyone. "Aren't you worried you're going to get old and be all alone?" they ask. No, I'm not, because I've always had people around me. I just don't need them for every waking moment of my existence. "Don't you hang out with anyone?" they ask. I've got my neighbor, who's a good friend I see around once a week, my best friend who I see a few times a year, a female friend I see about twice a month, and regulars I'll see at meetups. The rest of the time I spend alone, and it's great. I don't need a gaggle of friends to be with on weekends. I actually don't want many friends at all. My time is valuable. Nothing against people who live their lives differently than mine, but the least I could ask for is some basic respect when my life choices harm nobody else. I'm sure many of them are enjoying their lives. That doesn't mean that I would enjoy their lives, and it isn't my problem if some folks don't grasp that. I can tell you about what I learn about. It's hard for me to pin down whether it's dabbling because it's not as if I become disinterested once a spat of study has run its course. Here's are some examples of how I've used my spare time: - I once was taking math lessons through Khan Academy from the ground up. Yes, this meant going all the way from arithmetic to at least college algebra. I wish I could have gone a lot further, but I had to devote my time back to programming and other topics. I did this because I have always been absolutely terrible at math, and as I got older I didn't feel good about it. - For a while, and still off and on, I became fascinated with player pianos, music boxes, nickelodeons, and orchestrions. More specifically, I was very interested in understanding how self-playing instruments could function without electronics. I spent many nights reading through patents and Mechanical Music Digest trying to understand the basic inner workings of self-playing instruments, and even got in contact with a retired player piano repairman. What I learned was that a lot of the basic concepts in electronics existed in pneumatics before electronics took off. - I have a casual interest in my local botany, edible plants, mushrooms, etc. I'm actually pretty good at plant identification and remember the scientific names better than the colloquial ones. It's a very interesting experience to forage for your own food in the wild. - One of my interests of the last ~5 months is learning the mechanics of nuclear explosions, radiation, fallout, etc. Of course I have recent events involving North Korea to thank for that. Since I live in a likely target for an ICBM, I wanted to learn just what it can take to survive such an attack. I've learned that most preppers are woefully underprepared. - There's a nearly unlimited supply of lectures on YouTube about human psychology, theoretical physics, etc. I usually pop one up on my Chromecast while I'm doing work on something else. OpenStax textbooks(free and open source) are also good supplemental material. I remember when Uber was clearly dominant. That was over a year go. For the past two conferences I've been to, including the one I'm at now(Ember Conf), EVERYONE has been using Lyft. It really is possible for a company to piss off enough people. It depends on what you mean by a website. If it's one level above a static page, a static site with frequent changes, I'll make my own build chain in Node.js with Gulp and host the pages in S3 and Cloudfront. Or I will use Rails behind Nginx if the site is more dynamic. Each release would get built into a Docker image and be deployed that way. HAProxy would be there mostly to forward requests to multiple apps if there are any. For a site that needs a lot of client side scripting, I use Ember. I'm so happy with it that I will probably use it with Fastboot for those times I would have used Rails. In terms of databases, I've been using CouchDB unless I had an overwhelming need for relational records. It saves time because CRUD and websocket/eventsource/longpolling come with it out of the box. I normally wouldn't defend Facebook, but did people using it really think that they weren't selling off their private information? I thought this was just something everyone accepted, as they accept Siri/Alexa/Google to listen to their every word. (yes I know they listen for only wake words) I mean, Zuck called us all "dumb fucks". You can look it up. Everyone shrugged it off because college boys be college boys. I have a Facebook profile, and never used it with the expectation that I owned the content I placed on it. I do think that we need a better alternative to Facebook, but at the same time it's not wrong for someone not to delete their profile. Sorry, but texting is not a viable replacement. Neither is email. Reactions and comment threads are fun and useful ways of interacting with shared life events. For a lot of people, including myself, being off Facebook means missing out on social interaction. The reality is that texting or emailing people sometimes simply doesn't cut it; if you don't pull the same perceived weight as everyone else in your social group, you're going to be outcast and perhaps forgotten about. That can be the perception, anyway, and it's not entirely wrong. Why hasn't a viable alternative to Facebook come up? I mean a serious one – not some piece of shit whipped up by right-wing bloggers. Perhaps it's because everyone feels that they need to compete with Facebook. Facebook has its tentacles in a lot of things, but perhaps we can just boil it down to a few things: - Posts with images, comments, and reactions. - Direct messages that are interoperable with email and SMS. - Event planning and coordination. How much else do you really need to be social? Everything else about Facebook is really about selling ads and has nothing to do with people being social. Building something that can replace the social aspect of Facebook shouldn't be that monumental. If Duck Duck Go has survived, surely a DDG of social networking shouldn't be so far away. Even better: sell it with the idea that it's algorithm-free. Everything should go back to being chronological. Outlandish? Not really. The real reason that your feed is algorithmically sorted is to bubble up more paid content and viral posts. If you unlike/unfollow all the company and group pages associated with your account, you're left with only what your friends are posting. Ooh, even better – delete people who aren't actual friends. If you only include the people you care about, you don't need some black box algorithm to tell you what you need to be seeing. You'd have enough time to see what people are up to in the order of which their posts were made. But not, I won't be deleting my Facebook. I'm fine limiting my use to mbasic.facebook.com. That is, until that better thing comes along or I have the time and will-power to just build it myself. I tend to reserve IDs for things that exist only once on the page at a given time, and the only properties I define under IDs are ones for layout. For example, if I have a page for an article, I would make the top-most element "#article" and things like the navbar and the body "#article__nav" and "#article_body". The only thing those IDs are concerned with is how the navbar and the body are sized and positioned when on the article page. Shared stylistic properties for components use class names. The properties that make a navbar look like a navbar(color, font, and anything that applies to children) would be specified under ".nav" and the same would apply for the body under ".body". Anything that's stylistically-specific to Shared variations of components are handled with modifiers. An example would be ".nav--dark". Any one-off variations are handled with parent-scoped class names like ".article__nav", since I treat even that topmost element as a component. (or a block if you're thinking in BEM). I've found that keeping "style" and "layout" CSS properties separate helps keep components flexible and untangled from a given page layout. The differentiation between IDs and class names makes this more convenient because it becomes obvious what parts of my CSS are intended for. But what about the internal layout of components? If the children of a component are supposed to change their sizing and positioning at different breakpoints, then how are you supposed to achieve this while keeping components agnostic about the page layout? It's a tricky problem, but I solve this with Sass mixins. If a component has different internal layouts for mobile and tablet screens, as an example, I write mixins to define those states using the same naming convention that I would use with class names and IDs. If I was using a grid system, I would define them as "@nav--lg", "@nav--md", "@nav--sm", "@nav--xs", etc. Then underneath the page layout, in this case "#article", I would include those mixins under the chosen breakpoints. That way, all layout can be handled by IDs in stylesheets dedicated to page layouts. It just so happens that I have a Codepen that demonstrates this idea: https://codepen.io/Ravenstine/pen/xpYoWv The only part that is different is that I made the masthead and the footer not a part of "#article". If you don't plan on having components like that behave differently depending on the page they are on, that's probably appropriate. That line or reasoning makes no sense. If that were true, then states like California couldn't make it illegal for companies to eavesdrop on its employees(e.g. recording audio, bugging offices). But allowing companies to read direct messages is very, very similar. Also, what's preventing a victim of harassment from handing over the offending messages? I don't see how this helps anyone. I'd argue that it isn't. I'm not a legal expert, but it seems that it could be argued that direct messages are implied private conversations, and that laws around recording audio implies that private spoken conversations can occur in offices. The fact that direct messages leave a history is merely a side effect that does not suggest that they are any less private than a spoken conversation behind closed doors. However, I would need to know the actual intent of such laws, which I don't. Let's say that the intent is to allow for private conversations, then that premise also suggests that messages between two individuals(as opposed to ones in a channel) are only intended to be read by those two participants, hence a conversation that is private. Nobody sends direct messages with the intent that they be read by people besides the recipient. Why would you need a crude one-sided copy and paste? A password, a cookie, or even an API token, can already provide as much information to authorities as would be provided by that of Slack team admins. There is no need for anyone besides the messaging participants and authorities to see someone's DM history, either technically or philosophically. I won't deny that. ;) You are correct in all of that. I simply would have hoped that Slack wouldn't give too much control to employers when there are already viable ways of providing message history without resorting to copy-paste. It makes for a lousier product, and it would have prevented me from having candid conversations that involved no company secrets or harassment of any kind. Everyone I know looks to Yelp first, I'm guessing in part because Google Maps' UI for reading reviews is somewhat obtuse in contrast. I live in the LA area, so it's possibly a regional thing. People like things that seem exotic because it's novel. They care more now because life is generally easy(or, rather, straight-forward) so people need amusement and ways to feel special. It's unique experience they crave, even if it's the merely perception. Oddly, flavor comes second. [ which I believe is the case with the recent popularity of phở, but that's my subjective belief. ;) ] Arguments made by people claiming that there's no such thing as race, such as this one, seem to have this underlying premise that while certain thing are relative, other things are objective. Yet they have no possible way of backing this up because their own experience of the world is relative. Ironically, ideas are as close as we can get to real objectivism. When it comes to the mechanics of the universe, everything is fundamentally relative. So claiming that humans making consistent classifications of each other isn't legitimate doesn't make sense. I get robocalls every single day. The problem is telecom companies don't care because even if we all turned off phone calls, we're still paying them for mobile internet. I've turned on call-rejection for all calls for a year now, and it's been fine. More people should do this. I'm constantly shocked by how few people know about CouchDB or PouchDB. Both are amazing projects that integrate perfectly. Or is it more likely that he's counting on having his eggs in more baskets than just the Facebook one? I don't think he doesn't give a crap because he thinks Facebook is invincible. If developing for it is anything like developing for other Facebook platforms, I want nothing to do with it. I do think that it is usually a good thing to ditch social media entirely, but I also think that current attitudes are dismissing the possibility of healthy social media habits. At this point, the only social media I use is Facebook through mbasic.facebook.com. This is really just to act as a rolodex and see peoples' pictures. I hardly interact with it. The reason I use mbasic is to save space and bandwidth, and to prevent Zuck from invading my phone. Because there's no infinite scroll, it prevents me from wasting more time on it. I also simply hide or unfollow anything I don't care for. A friend posts too much political/conspiracy nonsense? Blocked. I followed some company page years ago and now I just get inundated with promotions? Unfollowed. Too many vacation and "my life is great" photos? Blocked. I've consistently avoided the social media anxiety I once had. Facebook is(can be?) a useful product, as much as I don't like Facebook as a company. It wouldn't really be that difficult for someone to build a competitor to Facebook that really just did these few things really well, skipping all the other crap few people really use. Maybe people just assume that in order to have a viable social media product, they have to compete with Facebook on all fronts? Another way to look at this article is that Basic authentication may be a perfectly acceptable implementation over HTTPS, as opposed to something like Oauth2 when you aren't even using it for authorization. I've seen APIs that aren't user-facing at all and use Oauth2 merely for authentication. Pointless. Your best line of defense is HTTPS. Assuming it's not a hoax, is this really any worse than existing girl magazines? When I was a teen, I got peeks at my sister's magazines and they were primarily about makeup and boys(to graduate you to magazines with misguided sex "secrets"). At least Girl Boss teaches you to make money, supposedly. Would we feel differently if it was called "Boy Bo$$"? Yeah same, this works just fine. What's to keep a party from chucking out a signed document that they don't like? I've been dreaming about this a lot lately, but there's definitely some roadblocks for the average person. They don't want to clutter up their existing email, and they will drag their feet to getting a new email address just for social networking. People also like the idea that they can actually delete their posts, even if it's illusory, which they can't do to any meaningful extent with email. With ActivityPub, I think a lot of potential developers don't want to bother with email because it's not the future. It is still a great idea in general, though. I would totally build it or sign up for it if enough people I knew were willing to do it. The problem is I wouldn't want that form of social networking just to connect with people who are smart enough to use it. If all news is biased, why bother watching any it? That's not necessarily what I am implying. I'm challenging the idea that, if all news is biased(beyond simply picking and choosing stories), one can reliably find the truth by essentially making a Venn diagram between biased sources and analyzing overlaps. I neither believe nor disbelieve that it's a pathway to truth. I have my skepticism because it provides no form of validation; if all sources are too highly skewed, any overlap becomes highly suspect and simultaneously difficult to test. When people say something is biased, they usually mean to an unreasonably high degree. As you say, the nature of the universe dictates that everything is biased in some way. While a news source inevitably has to pick and choose what stories it's going to report, most people would not consider it "biased" if it simply reported what events occurred and did not take place in writing opinion pieces. On the other hand people consider news to be biased when it skews too far towards editorializing content and telling people how they should interpret reality. Take for instance every time the POTUS makes a speech, and I'm talking about presidents long before Trump; as soon as they stop speaking, every new station cuts to a group of pundits to tell you how you should interpret what the president just said. It's not journalism at all, and anyone who pays attention to politics a lot would be just as qualified to be a pundit. Why should anyone trust that level of bias over what was actually said? If the opinions of political junkies are more important than what was said, then we're basically screwed because it's not the people who decide how to view events, but it's news organizations who pay people to dictate opinion that create the narrative around events. Yes, you can certainly sift through bias using critical thinking skills, but this only gets you so far when the news itself becomes more bias than actual reporting. We don't live in a perfect world where everyone is capable of critical thinking. If we did, then almost everyone would shut off the TV as soon as the president is done speaking. Instead, we live in an imperfect world where having highly biased news is really dangerous for a society that hasn't proven to be capable of coming up with its own perspectives when other perspectives are being foisted upon them by the press and the state. That's an interesting perspective. Do you think that humans are capable of similar sensor fusion? If so, then does that mean that we shouldn't be worried about bias? It turns out that when an organization applies rules arbitrarily, they eventually piss off the wrong person. YouTube as a company is the victim? Even if it was, as opposed to the individual employees involved, victims can play a role in situations that come to be. Making an observation about this is not victim-blaming, nor does it absolve the aggressor. That's true, too. Do you think that unclear or arbitrary rules tend to aggravate individuals as often as rules that are clearly laid out, enforced evenly, and can be appealed? Just so we're clear, I'm not blaming a "random" Google employee, as you are suggesting. I don't want to downplay this tragedy, and I wouldn't say that anyone deserved it. It's horrible that you had to witness what happened, and I'm sorry to hear it. How does that have anything to do with the shooting at YouTube? It comes off like you didn't even read beyond the headline. (yes, it's happened at a workplace, but this wasn't some disgruntled employee in the sense that you're making it out to be) I see you might have gotten a downvote or two, but for those who don't know, George Orwell is a pen-name. The author's real name was Eric Blair. NY Times was among the numerous media companies that slobbered over Facebook for years and gave them free publicity. And now I'm supposed to listen to them when they say to replace Facebook. I learned by building really simple circuits. People assume when you want to learn electronics that you should immediately begin with microcontrollers, and I think this is a mistake. Sure, learning with Arduino is a good next step to take, but if you don't understand the fundamentals then you'll end up a one-person cargo cult of electronics. Make a light blink. (without 555 timer) Make two lights blink at different intervals. Make a light that only comes on when it's dark out. Make a light that comes on in the presence of an electrostatic field. Make a crystal radio. Make a transistor radio. Make a radio transmitter that your transistor/crystal radio can receive. Make your transmitter send and receive morse code between computers. Make your transmitter send and receive data with FSK. Make an Arduino control your transmitter. -------------------- Congratulations! You're off to a great start! What diet soda contains saccharin? Also, that study only looks at saccharin. What about sucralose? Facebook is already dying. Why even bother? Yes, it's because newspapers are telling me it's dying. Right. Newspapers. I don't know if you mean newspapers in a literal sense, but if you do, well, nobody except my parents reads those anymore. ;) Profit and number of users are not good metrics for the future of a platform. Facebook the company probably isn't going to die, but Facebook the platform can and will inevitably become a ghost town in short order, just as all its predecessors. Remember, Facebook is a parent company to other revenue sources. The company will continue to survive. Then again, the same can technically be said of Myspace. Facebook's user growth in North America is in decline. https://techcrunch-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/techcrunch.com... Being someone who works for a media company, we've already seen a significant drop in Facebook followers since the Cambridge Analytica fiasco. No, I don't think Facebook the social media platform has a bright future. The fact that Gen Z isn't using Facebook is a sign that Facebook has entered the initial stages of apoptosis. https://amp-businessinsider-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/amp.b... I can't say I blame Gen Z. Why would any young person want to use Facebook at this point when it's highly censored and your mom and grandma are peering at every post you make or like? This might be going a bit off topic, so I apologize if this isn't allowed here, but I recently wrote an article about a chemical used in dental health that was bought by GSK and pulled off the shelves in the United States. I was just reminded by the topic of this post. Because it's an effective product in treating tooth sensitivity(by occluding exposed dentin tubules), but it is also effective in preventing tooth decay when used with fluoride, I can't help but speculate what the motivation was for pulling it off the shelves. https://medium.com/@ravenstine/the-curious-history-of-novami... The conspiracy theorist in me wonders if they calculated the potential financial impact in the U.S. of people getting fewer dental caries and realized they'd be making less money overall from related treatments. I don't know about Japan, but even in sunbaked places like LA, I can tell there's a ton of nihilism going on and spreading. Most of the money people make goes to rent, most jobs are BS and people know this deep down, the only way to "move up" these days is to move around frequently, and authority throws up a lot of roadblocks to discourage taking initiative. People act "content", but the majority don't feel particularly good about their situation. Our parents owned homes by my generation's age; very few of us own homes, and while we also don't have the same drive to keep up with the Joneses, there's still an undercurrent of resentment to the previous generation that tells us to "pound the pavement" without a clue as to how the new economy treats young people. Ask people in their 20s and 30s what they think about the world, and over half of them will say the world's going to shit in one way or another. I know people on both sides of the political spectrum that will say that. This isn't a good sign for society. Granted, I am not divorced from this phenomenon. There is a lot of things that my parents' generation did that I don't do because they seem pointless. I'm not in a relationship, hence not married, no kids, I don't intend on owning a house with a white picket fence(or any house), I don't have two cars, I don't go on vacation after vacation, I don't "pound the pavement", etc. All because I find these things to be "meh", having a low ROI in general. Can you post this somewhere? Maybe a Github Gist? I don't think Ember's bad rap is due to its marketing image. First off, Ember long had a reputation for being less performant out of all frontend frameworks. It was mostly true for some time, but Ember is pretty fast these days. More importantly, I think that frontend development still is influenced by its long history of "duct tape" coding practices resulting from JavaScript and CSS being very crippled for much of their existence. Thus, many JavaScript developers seem to prefer simple libraries that can do a lot with a little investment in configuration and composition. Of course there's also the fact that Tilde is the most notable supporter of Ember, whereas Angular has Google and React has Facebook. But some people, such as myself, like an opinionated toolchain such as Ember. That links to your user profile. Wrong link? This site was GOD MODE when I was in high school. The tool I used the most was RunAsDate: https://www.nirsoft.net/utils/run_as_date.html It used to work really well in bypassing software trials. I'm not recommending its use for that(if it even still works). Telcos are complicit in the crime because they know they're going to make money no matter what. Everyone is paying for 4G LTE and 5G now, and that's not going away. Why bother fixing the legacy phone system when it still brings in extra cash the way it is? I for one have had calls disabled on my phone for a long time. Couldn't be happier. AT&T, Tmobile, etc... it didn't matter what carrier I had, they would all tell me to install some 3rd party app to block "unknown" calls and robocalls. Absolutely ridiculous. I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. I have nothing against actual IT workers, but grouping developers under "IT" is like referring to ER surgeons as EMTs. IT also gives people the impression that one is a "computer expert", which can't be further from the truth for many developers. I happen to have a relatively detailed understanding of how computers work, but I'm by no means an expert on hardware, setting up large networks, troubleshooting, etc. Yeah, taking Information Technology literally, we would fall under that. But so would someone operating a book press. That's very true, although I am sure that IT experts wouldn't be particularly happy being called "programmers" if the tables were turned. Then again, I could be wrong... it has surprised me over and over how few programmers care about being referred to as IT. I personally prefer having my specialization be explicit as opposed to being generalized or misattributed. I've wondered this for a long time. As someone who pretty much despises ads, I'd be willing to just tell advertisers what I want to see and turn off adblock rather than have them guess what I want to see(which is usually either something I don't want to buy or something I've already purchased). If they would just ask me what my interests are and stop allowing shady/malicious ads, I'd probably just turn off adblock. > In my experience there is this huge pool of unqualified applicants applying for every job no matter what the actual job requirements are. The applicants that got a call for an interview 1) looked at the technologies listed in the job requirements and 2) put their experience with these technologies on their resume. I think this is a result of the (frankly) BS practice employers have been using for years of inflating the qualifications required for positions. I can't count on one hand how many postings I've seen for mid-level developer roles that require 5+ years of experience writing Python, C++, C#, Java, and JavaScript; oh yeah, you've also got to know Angular and React, and "bonus" if you know Vue. Even before I became a developer(I first tried to get into animation), the advice from older folks and career specialists was to "just apply to all the positions you want even if you don't meet all the qualifications", and I'd bet good money that a lot of people are still hearing this advice from various channels. Now that everyone is just shotgun applying to everything, the advantage is largely gone. But because everyone is doing it, and individual must do so or they'll be drowned out in signal noise. That's how it was for the company I currently work at. My interview was basically me demoing my side projects, and my projects happened to be related to audio(I currently work at a radio station) and one of them happened to be doing the same kind of dynamic preroll insertion with audio streams that they do. I essentially was hired on that basis. That's the ticket, laddie! Aren't Bayesian models essentially statistics + linear algebra? It sounds like you're characterizing ML as something beyond Bayes, which isn't really the case. I don't know what you mean by "toy" problems... that might be kind of true for Naive Bayes, but a Bayesian statistical model can be built in a non-naive fashion and provide useful multi-dimensional probabilities. It's really a kind of underrated technique, though I suppose it's because you can't simply `import Bayes from 'bayes'` to build a non-naive model. Bayesian models are also advantageous in that they are much easier to describe to stakeholders. Neural networks, on the other hand, are highly difficult(if not impossible in many cases) to describe how they function. It's a very noticeable feature too. I was very delighted to recently discover it, and it really does help Wikipedia to continue to be the revolutionary platform it is. Kudos to those who implemented it. Even simpler than that, most people simply aren't interested in programming. A lot of programmers seem to have difficulty comprehending this. As you say, there are of course barriers for many, but we can't continue with the premise that everyone could be a coder and would be a coder if X and Y were met. I argue that programming languages are not complicated. Although most people butcher the English language, it's a far more complicated language than C, which has relatively few keywords and an unambiguous syntax. But programming languages, especially C, are tremendously repetitious and lack nuance because of the fact that they are so simple. Simplistic units in principle are really good at building different complex things, whereas things that are more complicated are usually better at articulating simpler ideas. No wonder nobody programs computers in English! A programming language that tries to meet parity with English, or any spoken language, would be an utter nightmare to deal with. My point is that someone who has any innate interest in programming can make their way past the layer of intimidation, especially now more than ever with the sheer amount of information that didn't exist when I started coding. I remember when looking at code was intimidating because it didn't match my understanding of what a language was, and it was in the era of "Just F###ing Google It" when nobody on forums would help you, online documentation was terrible, and there was no Stack Overflow. Now, there is really almost nothing holding anyone back besides the will to do so. There is a limited amount of things that most people are willing to learn. When one is hardly autodidactic, they will choose the path of least resistance and only learn when it is a necessity. When programming to any degree isn't a necessity for someone, they're not going to want to do it. Heck, sites like Wix and Squarespace are insanely easy to use, and I know people who want to make their own site for their business and drag their feet in using site builders because they find it annoying to understand what it even is they're doing when they're dragging around components. They don't want to have to learn, and would rather someone who is interested in building sites do the work for them. Hence, why there are still programmers. Is there anything that can turn your email into a secure personal RSS feed? A feed reader that also includes emails would replace quite a bit of what centralized social media provides. More specifically, the ability to record ideas. It's one thing to simply communicate, but to be able to record ideas and effectively enable cross-generational communication is extremely powerful. Native Americans, for example, had verbal communication and some limited written communication, but much of their knowledge has been long lost because it was passed down verbally. Of course, the United States did a good job at erasing their history by exterminating the native people, but you can still look to the Aztec civilization as a contrast in how recording ideas had an impact in how much we understand about their history. What is "embed advanced"? A search turns up nothing. I'd hate to make a custom map style, embed a map with it, and suddenly be charged upwards of $14 per thousand calls. Seems pretty steep regardless of what it is. Mapbox doesn't charge that much for anything on a per-call basis. How blatant bullshit from Taboola is "acceptable" is beyond me. Our standards are really, really low if an acceptable ad merely means that it doesn't install malware or do sneaky things to your browser window. Even before I learned about uBlock Origin, I installed an extension dedicated to removing Taboola ads. It's shocking how many people willingly tolerate that garbage. Making a living, or even half a living, off open source development would be a dream. I also intend on quitting web development if the web turns into a big DRM mess. Life's too short to conform to all the wants of ad tech and IP lawyers. Adults are mostly grown children, and you are at least as capable. What I read from this is that women are less interested than men in a job by itself and more in what the job fits their desired lifestyle. I and many other programmers I've talked to got into the career they have because the craft is naturally compelling to them, with the lifestyle of programming being secondary or even tertiary. I don't think most male programmers do what they do because they particularly like each other, nor are they necessarily interested in an anti-social atmosphere. Sure, some are going to have contrary preferences, but if it wasn't generally true that male programmers are primarily interested in their craft, then I wouldn't expect the most horrendously competitive tech companies wouldn't still get plenty of male applicants and even fewer female applicants. Put simply, I think tech companies could all be run like sweat shops, and you'd see nearly as many men working for them and probably fewer women. Yet again, we have a woman who enters an arena that women don't want to enter(by her own account) and requests that it be changed to fit her and other women. These are the suggestions she makes for making tech more hospitable to women: * Create communities (set people up with “buddies”, mentors, lunch groups) * Emphasize tech’s potential to impact humans and community wellbeing * Invest in social events * Offer opportunities for engineers to do user- and team-facing work * Confront unconscious bias * Go befriend a girl in your class or company As a man, these are all distractions from getting my work done. I am intellectually excited about software development but, when it comes down to it, I want to show up to the office, accomplish things, and go home. Being overly concerned with the wellbeing of others is not that interesting, and I don't have a job to make friends; if I make friends, that's through happenstance. I want to be the best at what I do, but I don't need communities/buddies, social events, unconscious bias training, or the opposite sex to do this. > Go befriend a girl in your class or company I wish someone would tell women the same thing of men. Coming from someone who has more female friends than male, there's a lot that can go wrong in a man trying to befriend women, especially at work. On many occasions, simply being friendly has clearly lead to a woman perceiving that I was interested in her. If you're lucky, you're met with distance and radio silence, but most men are going to be treated as "creepy". As engineering is going to be made up of a lot of nerds who already have experience in being "creepy", there's little incentive for those nerds to willingly subject themselves to rejection when they weren't even looking to court these women in the first place. Again, I have lots of female friends, including some from work, but that's because it took an incredible amount of effort to get to know them without setting off the "creepy" flag. For most guys, this effort isn't worth it. Such anecdotes are also exemplary of how a lot of women(meaning not all) fail to question why it is they are being excluded. I think much of that comes down to how a lot of women don't understand just how intimidating they can be to men. Women who are reading this should understand that you are undoubtedly intimidating at some level to some men out there. This is because we are not only frequently perceived as being "creepy", or trying to court women, but the perception is that society is asking a lot of specific treatment of women from men(one wrong word and we might have offended you somehow). Unless a man is attractive, it's much easier to avoid women all together. I'm not saying it's a perfect system. It's mostly flawed. But I just wish that women would have a little more compassion and understanding to the male perspective. This article and others like it come off as externalizing that's basically concluding that men are being themselves too much because of ignorance and therefore need to change their behavior to comply with the wants of women, even though the reverse isn't being demanded of women; not often will you hear a man in tech say that women just need to toughen up. (by the way, I'm not even implying that) Isn't that just the problem? The moral of that insufferable article is not to treat women like Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, but to fear women as if they're going to smash your head into the pavement like Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson for saying the wrong thing. If women as a group actually want men to see them this way, it's no wonder men don't want to #mentorher. What exactly does a man get for going out of his way like you suggest? Most of the time, nothing. Unless I can read that a woman is receptive to friendship, trying to befriend women because they're women is time better spent on working. It's a two-way street, and while I have had my share of female friends, the majority of women are either not receptive(i.e. won't give men the benefit of the doubt) or content to wait for men to take the initiative. Because "tech" as of late has become comfortable and more publicly accepted, even garnering a certain cachet and prestige because of get-rich-coding billionaires like Mark Zuckerberg. It'd be a non-issue if tech was full of geeks with slide-rules who only make an average salary and have to wear a tie to the office. Of course they're not entitled to get anything, but a reasonable person doesn't continue performing the same action when it benefits them in no way. There's nothing irrational about a man not going out of his way to befriend women in the workplace because he's had bad luck doing it, or because of the risks he's not going to have befriending other men. If you have a lot of women as friends, that's great. Your experience is not the experience of a lot of men. A lot of men can't relate to women on a platonic level, and that doesn't mean they're misogynists. It's not even just capitalism. Human behavior itself can be a threat to democracy. Honestly, I don't know what the author is talking about when they say "free market" in the present tense. The U.S. economy and the global economy aren't even close to being a free market. Friendship, as defined in this day and age, is overrated. It's my opinion, for sure. But let me tell you why I feel this way. As the article mentions, Gen Y's idea of socializing is having lots of "friends" that remain as such because of technological ties, and chatting through IM and photo sharing. The problem with this form of socializing, for me, is that much of it is a result of everyone's ulterior motive to look good and obtain social validation. In all honesty, I haven't proven to be a very likable person, but I hesitate to have people add me as a "friend" on social media because next thing I know they're going to include group photos of me in order to covertly signal "I have so much fun and so many friends! Look at me! Look at me!" Worse yet, they'll feel that much better that I'm going to add reactions to their banal postings, making them feel like everything they have to say is socially approved of. It's all gross. By the by, I've learned that I can go very long periods of time without being around friends(I'm talking months) and, well, I don't die. In fact, I'm pretty happy that I can spend time doing what I want without being hounded to go see X movie or hang out at Y place. Those things can be good here and there, but they're not all life is about. Friends also tend to bring drama that brings nothing to my life; most drama is hyperbole and people bring it upon themselves. Those same drama-friends inevitably ask for advice, but not because they actually want help, but because they want you to validate the decision they've already made. I've had my periods in life where I felt terrible for having few or no friends. There is definitely a downside, especially when you're younger. But the pursuit of friends is a sign that a person is lacking self-esteem, and perhaps confidence in the one or two friends they already have. As I've gotten older, having friends for reasons other than just the simplicity of having someone to shoot the shit with on occasion has fallen by the wayside. Just as I've given up with the futile pursuit of working my ass off for the lie that working hard is a virtue in and of itself, and as I've given up on trying to pursue the illusion of salvation provided by relationships, I just don't even care anymore about maintaining friends or social circles. Yeah, it'd be one thing if I was literally alone for a very long time. But it would actually take effort to be truly alone, I gather, for most people. No matter where I've been, or how old I am, someone eventually manages to enter my life and become more than just an acquaintance. We can chat it up on a regular basis, and usually have enough familiarity that we know we can count on each other for small things. It just seems to work out that way, and that accounts for most of what I need out of people; I don't need to share every moment of my waking being with them. Some people have got it tough, and I've known some people who have real issues that hinder them in making even basic connections with people. But, for the average person, I think they'd be surprised to still manage to make friends even if they permanently turned off all their devices. I do have a best friend, and that is something special. We rarely see each other anymore, but that's where confidence comes in. He and I have known each other for long enough that, no matter what, we're always going to be friends. If work gets in the way that means we won't see or even talk to each other for months or years, it's like no time has passed when we do get to meet again. We don't fret about these things because life really does move on whether we are in the same room or not. As great as that friendship is, I would function very much the same without it. I hope it doesn't hurt my friend to read this if he ever does, although I'm almost positive he would have guessed that of me, and I think he's much the same. I've learned to be content enough with my own being, my own thoughts, that the need for other people has been greatly diminished. I'm sure some of that is simply a function of getting older, having had enough experiences, and having one's hormones become increasingly scant. Your friends are what you make of them, and I don't think a lot of people's ideas of what makes a friend is worth as much as social media has made it appear. It's really fine to simply accept that friendship can and usually does have a very low bar, thus, if your friendships seem transient, it's just a function of average people socializing with other average people, and gradually meeting better people over time. Being content in your being and valuing yourself means that this question of "Are my friends really my friends?" isn't all that important. I don't disagree, but I also think this isn't merely a generational thing. I've long noticed my parent's generation slowly melting in front of TVs, flipping between boring show after boring show, hardly spending time doing other things or forming friendships. Millennials are really just like their parents, but for them the TV remote became their mobile phones. Meetup.com, for all its follies, is still a great place to meet lots of people with common interests. I know not everyone has the option to rebel against this kind of totalitarianism at the workplace, but as a person without family obligations, I'd sooner become a traveling hobo than work for a company that wants to implant a chip under my skin or so much as monitor my toilet breaks. F* that. My self-respect has no price tag. > “You may never want to be chipped but if you’re a millennial, you have no problems. They think it’s cool.” If that's true to any appreciable degree, that really makes my generation the biggest sellouts there ever were. Yeah, I was thinking the same thing but entertaining the salesman's claim. Although I could see his claim being true for certain parts of the service industry, overall I doubt that he's telling the truth. Good for you. One of the most important lessons I've learned in life is knowing when to quit and having the gumption to leave unacceptable situations. The struggle of finding a new job, stressful it may be, is still a better feeling than being treated like a crap-piece. Life's too short for the assumed-guilty workplace, or to work for hack managers. I think a lot of people grow up being told to "never quit", so they don't prepare for the day when they should quit. Thus, they don't sock away f-u money and they take on too many responsibilities too early in life. I imagine the doors aren't locked from the inside out, and that keying-out is a voluntary process? Otherwise, your workplace is a disaster waiting to happen. All it's going to take is the fire detection system to fail, the unlocking system to break, or the front-desk person to fall asleep on the job. Or, worse yet, there's an active shooter and no time for someone else or some thing to unlock the doors. I knew it would be that gif before I clicked on it. It's compelling to watch, in a weird way. Sort of like the reverse effect of watching "satisfying" videos, the anticipation of waiting for something to go really wrong is nonetheless fascinating. I always end up staring at the one for a good minute or two. Why? I don't buy it. This article reduces the whole issue down to delayed marriage, which seems overly simplified and correlative. > The rise of young male sexlessness isn’t about Chads and Stacies; it isn’t primarily about Tinder or Bumble; it’s not mostly about attitudinal shifts in what women want from relationships; and it’s not mainly about some new war between the sexes. It’s mostly about people spending more years in school and spending more years living at home. But that’s not actually a story about some change in sexual politics; instead, it’s a story about the modern knowledge economy, and to some extent exorbitant housing costs. As such, it’s no surprise that rising sexlessness is being observed in many countries. My experience doesn't tell me that living at home has that significant of an impact on whether a person gets to have sex. Perhaps once one gets to a certain age; past 26, it's kind of pathetic IMO. But if people are living at home longer across the board, I would expect more of those people would find each other. My experience in knowing people who have taken a while to get married tells me they do so in order to save up for the wedding. I don't think it has very much to do with causing involuntary celibacy. Maybe there's some aspect of the article I'm missing. What I'm not missing is the author's snotty attitude, which should make anyone suspicious of their motives: > Many incels quote a rule of thumb that 20% of men have 80% of the sex. Is this true? It turns out, the answer is no. And of course, it isn’t! Of course it isn't, silly reader! Outspoken incels might be wrong about some of their claims, but that doesn't meant that there isn't something to what they're saying. Just as I wouldn't claim that a person who claims to have seen heaven while almost dying on a hospital table, I wouldn't claim that incels aren't experiencing alienation from the opposite sex. Instead of concluding that incels in general are "woman hating terrorists", it's a better idea to keep a level head and try to figure out exactly what's going on here with a modicum of compassion. Are incels "woman haters"? I don't buy it. As online communities for incels are essentially support groups for frustrated people, yes, of course you're going to read a lot of nasty things about women written by incels. Does that mean that an incel isn't immediately going to turn the other cheek as soon as a woman shows them genuine affection? I don't think so. I think these are men who genuinely want the affection and companionship of women. If incels are terrorists because of a very, very small minority, then I guess all Catholics are pedophiles. Right? Riiiiight? You might be thinking that I am indeed an incel. No, not by a long shot. But I can see where a lot of them are coming from. Years ago, online dating really wasn't all that difficult, and I'm not particularly good-looking either. I do think that there's an amalgam of societal changes that have been affecting all sides, and it can't be reduced to a lack of marriage. Let me be clear, these are my opinions based on my experience . Your results may vary. By 2016, online dating had become much less fun in general and a lot more work. I don't think a lot of people, especially people who found partners early on, just how much effort it takes for a guy to date women online. The effort is monumental, especially when you don't have much in the looks department. Not only that, but you've got to fight off the hundreds or thousands of other penises that slither towards women as soon as they log in to these platforms. 99% of your messages will ever be read or replied to. It takes hours out of your life and is demoralizing. If this lasts for months or years, it's damaging to how you view yourself. I personally gave up on that game because women really demand a lot from men but return very little, in my opinion . It does work out for some people, but I know I'm not the only person who realized that eventually you've got better things to do than to prove yourself to people who have no interest in your approval of them. I harbor no hatred of women, it's just that I increasingly don't seem to be a good mate for them and vise versa. It seems to me that attitudes have changed quite a bit between the sexes. Men of my generation, in my experience , grew up being told lots of fanciful things about women, possibly much more so than previous generations(but I can't be sure). Sugar and spice was just the beginning of that; I recall many times in my life when authority figures told me that the world would be a better place if only women were in charge of anything. Disney movies made men look fallible, while the women were misunderstood sweethearts who are the prize at the end of the tunnel after you fight off the dragon, the monster, or the bad guys. A lot of boys grow up to subliminally believe that women are their salvation and that, if only they could just meet that one girl, their lives can finally get on track. Of course this isn't true as a rule since women are mere human beings. In contrast, women get different messages about what a man should be, and they are just as unrealistic as the messages told to men about women. Of course, those things aren't necessarily new, but I think they're heightened. What's different is women's roles in society have changed drastically, and that's going to effect their preferences. In my experience , women simply don't need men(they'll even attest to this) more than ever, and there's a lot of media telling them that "they're worth it" even if they don't change who they are, so they quite logically try to shoot the moon and only settle with the man that they are most attracted to that they can get. Men of utility simply need not apply. Ugly men of the past could more easily pass on their genes because of their utility. Again, I am not blaming women. I would likely do the same thing if I were a woman. Moreover, a woman can get support and validation from so many more avenues than they used to. Validation regularly comes in through social media reactions(let's be honest, most women can get validation every day by posting innocuous photos and men ultimately enable this), and support can easily asked for, bought, or begged from by the government. As I said, the man who is a mere utility need not apply. What I've observed of the people in my generation who are getting married is that women are often marrying what I would refer to as the "adorkable dude-bro" who really isn't a bad guy by any means, but he has essentially taken on the gender role once held by women, albeit in a more bumbling way. He probably doesn't work, or if he does his work makes him peanuts. He's good looking, charming, has excellent social skills, funny, etc. The fact that he only works 4 hours a day at most means she's never going to think he's "working too much". It doesn't matter that he can't do a single useful thing beyond making grilled cheese, because is wife or girlfriend loves him entirely for the things he is rather than the things he does. Need I repeat that this is my experience and not necessarily reflective of everyone's reality? Everybody got that? Good! Clearly, not all guys can be that adorkable dude-bro. I'll never be that guy because I'm not charismatic, not particularly attractive, I'm highly analytical, and I spend a lot of my time writing software and not much of it in leisure. The reality is that I am not the preference of the vast majority of women in my generation, and even though I can and do have sex, spending inordinate amounts of time trying to build relationships with women has become tiresome and unrealistic. I certainly don't want to play the adorkable dude-bro to please women. A some men who are not as good looking as I am(and trust me, I'm on the low-end) are basically screwed. Worse yet, there are hundreds of companies preying on their insecurities, telling them that if they learn some behavioral techniques, the ladies will "drop their panties." Once they figure out that "game" is a giant scam, or they figure out that sex-alone is dissatisfying, they rightfully get pissed off. Wouldn't you be extremely upset if what you most wanted out of life seemed unobtainable no matter what you did? You'd probably think the system was rigged against you, too. Hell, you'd be even more enraged if your lack of something put you on the lowest rung of society; both men and women will cackle at you for not getting laid. So no, I'm not absolving incels of any specific wrongdoings. But being dismissive is not a solution, and blaming the marriage rate doesn't seem realistic. The fact that any modestly-sized group of people are perceiving the modern world as being unfair to them should be alarming for a multitude of reasons. TL;DR My experience makes me distrust the author's conclusion, and my experience is not necessarily reflective of reality. Thus, my opinion is something to be taken with a big chunk of rock salt. In general, groups based on men's issues tend to get labeled as misogynist. There's a few reasons for this that I can think of, one being that I do think that a lot of journalists don't seem to apply a lot of intellectual rigor to their work; any group of men is low-hanging fruit for a hit piece exposing them as women-haters who want to abolish women's rights, perpetuate rape culture, etc. Journalists with integrity usually have bigger fish to fry than groups like incels or MGTOW, or even men's rights activists for that matter. That's why I don't trust the conclusion of the article, even if there are some nuggets of truth to it. It's pretty clear to me, based on the author's snotty attitude splattered here and there, that they aren't interested in understanding incels at all; they want a feather in their cap, and telling incels they're wrong is an excellent way to do that right now. Secondly, each of these groups tends to have a few really outspoken advocates who hold the most low-brow opinions and ideas. I wouldn't label myself MGTOW(just so happens I don't bother with relationships these days), but I have some familiarity with MGTOW content creators and that group suffers from the problem of having one particularly misogynist advocate(namely Sandman) getting the majority of attention and search results. In reality, I've found men who call themselves MGTOW to be very diverse, most of whom do not harbor any ill-will towards women at all. A lot of MGTOW, just as with others of different male-oriented groups, don't even particularly like each other or agree on that many things. It's really a one-issue concept, but of course it wouldn't seem that way to a journalist who scans over /r/mgtow, completely discounting the fact that Reddit is generally a cesspool, and decides they've got another group they can label as alt-right nazi misogynists. I'm sure that incels suffer from much the same problem, possibly worse, because they're much angrier than MGTOWs because they still ultimately desire women and are very frustrated. Boy, is that fun to Inspect Element on! :) Except social media is engineered to make everyone a public figure, so you aren't just going to be rebuked by the crowd; your family and employment get targeted. This is why social networks in their current form are a lousy way of expressing original thought. Even if you don't say things particularly controversial, if they're not in line with the lowest common denominator, the chance you'll see any legitimate engagement is slim. Forums, on the other hand, are largely anonymous. You'll definitely be put on blast for what you say, but the inherent anonymity helps to deter the angry crowd from shutting down conversation by default. Of course, it depends on who is running the forum. Reddit, as much of a cesspool as parts of it are, is a modern example of how anonymity leads to far more productive conversation than one may ever see on the likes of Facebook or Twitter. Yes, Reddit shuts down subreddits it doesn't like on occasion, but it's overall more hospitable to an exchange of ideas. Good luck having those same conversations on social media, even if you manage to use a pseudonym. That and people being enraged by just about everything. There's a lot in the world to be troubled by, but to always have visceral reactions towards things happening around the world must be taxing on one's health. I don't think a day goes by where I don't see a post by someone making a banal statement about some issue... and I'm supposed to "like" that they've managed to think the same things millions of average Joes and Janes already believe. Are there any studies that show how reliably people can perceive these subtle notes? NewPipe is brilliant! I don't even care so much about the ads(still HATE ads), but the interface is superior in almost every way. The YouTube app, as with all of Google's clunky Android apps, takes several seconds to load, is slow, cluttered, and annoys me with notifications for "trending" videos. It's the second worst Google app to Maps, which is embarrassingly slow and gets worse with every update. NewPipe, on the other hand, has a low memory footprint, boots up immediately, has a clean interface, doesn't remove features, lets me queue up videos in the background, lets me choose audio-only, etc. The only thing it's missing is Chromecast, but then again I haven't updated NewPipe in a while, and Chromecast kinda blows anyway. I'd say Google should just discontinue the YouTube app and use the NewPipe codebase, but I won't say that because I know they'd destroy it. NewPipe literally blows people's minds when I show it to them. They can't grasp how there can be another app for YouTube that's better. Sadly, these people are too afraid to use F-Droid, even though the Play Store has its share of malicious software. A place or thing can be considered "safe" without being absolutely safe. Can people not get used to the silence they are unnerved by? I keep the fan on at night because I'm used to the white noise throughout the day, so to have no white noise at night is kind of jarring. But there are times in the year when I have to keep it off because it'd be too chilly. It's a bit "unnerving" since I'm now subjected to the jarring silence and all the little noises made by animals at night, but after about 3 days, I'm already used to the silence and so it's no problem at all. The populace really doesn't sign up for the vast majority of policy. I'm amazed at how many people here think that a company should be default responsible for what is essentially a third-party tampering with their product. Unless the problem is a result of negligence, it's unreasonable to say that a company should be automatically responsible, except perhaps if they decide not to address the problem in in future products. Why is the word terrorist in quotes? That's exactly what she was. That word isn't just reserved for men who wear turbans. Have you had the same thought about why purses, hand bags, dresses, and floral scents are exclusively marketed to women? Be honest here... you typed "messenger bag" instead of "purse" into Duck Duck Go because you knew that the latter would return only bags that most men wouldn't be caught dead carrying. Yes, air fresheners for cars are flowery and men buy them. LOL That doesn't mean mean that most men are going to choose to wear perfume instead of cologne, buy Herbal Essences shampoo, etc. You can come up with exceptions to any argument, but that wouldn't be a challenge to the general rule. No, that's not why men don't wear women's clothing. Those are complains women have about their own clothing(and they're right!). Men don't go walking around with hand bags and purses in general, in fact I'd guess 99% of the time. Messenger bags don't count. Yes, there are kilts, but the vast, vast majority of men would never wear kilts casually. I should rephrase that by "without exception", I mean the "vast majority of the time". There's a reason that products marketed specifically towards men feature dull/drab colors and tend not to have floral scents. I don't blame you for how you feel about the products you prefer to use; I happen to buy products from Lush, which have flowery scents that are nose-numbing. Still, I don't think that the vast majority of men would use such products. Then again, if the color of the product was army green and came in bullet casings... maybe. > Cadillac has an eye-tracking system that deactivates the self-driving features if you aren't watching the road, and their system is limited to specific highways they have mapped. I don't even get the point of that. Why even take one's hands off the wheel(or if knee-steering, one's foot off the pedal) if they can't even take their eyes off the road? I haven't driven one of these vehicles so maybe I'm missing something. It seems intuitive that automation would free us to do other tasks, but I'm not seeing that in these early "self-driving" implementations. It's more like these car companies are actually selling these cars as experiments, at the expense of people's wallets and possibly their lives. Sourceforge went the way it did not only because it was always a hornet's nest of ads and viruses, but they allowed bloatware and viruses to be bundled with project downloads. I don't see GitHub ever behaving in that way, though if they did there'd be a mass exodus for sure. I used Sublime Text for the longest time; tried Atom but wasn't thrilled. After 2 days of using VS Code, I uninstalled Sublime Text. VS Code is an excellent tool. GitHub homepage heading: "All good things..." or "It's been a fun ride." I think they know better. I mean, how couldn't they? If Microsoft trashed GitHub, that means millions of developers are never going to trust them with anything again. It'd be severe clownery to not see what's clear as day. > by requiring mobile manufacturers to pre-install Google Search and Google Chrome browser It's like 1998 all over again. > Last are “taskmasters,” divided into two subtypes: unnecessary superiors, who manage people who don’t need management, and bullshit generators, whose job is to create and assign more bullshit for others. This is the most irritating aspect of any company I've worked for. I can deal with the fact that certain people are "duct tapers", people who take pick up the slack, "box tickers", etc. But people's belief that others need to be managed, especially when those others are already motivated, is demoralizing and destructive on so many levels. The bias of management creates a feedback loop when the employee does the work the way they would have done it had management not been looking over their shoulder, and the manager thinks to themself "It's a good thing I'm here, because nothing would get done!" I've noticed that most Home Depot employees use a specific question they ask to overcome the fact they don't know anything about their inventory or home improvement. If you're looking for a specific product, they'll ask this: "What are you using it for?" To someone who rarely goes to Home Depot, this may come off as if the employee actually knows something about home improvement and wants to help you by understanding your nuanced situation. What it really means is that they are clueless, so if you reply with "I'm looking for Jasco paint thinner", they'll either point you to the paint aisle(even though you've probably already been there) or they'll drag you there and fumble around until you find the product before they do. If you're really unlucky, they'll bring you to the wrong aisle or flag down another clueless employee. Going to Home Depot is an aggravating experience. Every time they ask me what I'm looking for, I get this deer in the headlights expression for even the most basic of things. Unless you're buying lumber, the employees don't seem to understand concepts like "I'm looking for some little pieces of felt or rubber to prevent my cabinets from being loud when they slam." That and their stores are massive. In theory, it'd save me time to ask someone who's spent months working hours on end in the store. In practice, however... If they can't help customers find products their store sells, why hire them at all? A salient HN post: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17260911 > Who says they cant help customers at all? Nobody. You're mischaracterizing my point of view. As others have pointed out, I'm not expecting that minimum wage Home Depot employees have in-depth knowledge; rather, I'd expect them to have enough knowledge of their own inventory to be able to point my in the right direction for specific(and often common) products in their massive store. Sure, I could always just go to a certain department, and I usually do, but there are often products that are on a shelf in a different department than one might think. Yes, I have the expectation that the employees reduce the friction in customers spending money. At Home Depot, this rarely happens in my experience. Yet Orchard Supply Hardware, ACE, and even Lowes are a very different story. By the way, I'm not blaming the employees. I'm blaming the company. I'll keep this thread bookmarked for when 2020 ends and nothing happens. You're essentially proving my point; why even have these people when they're, by your admission, walking talking aisle signs? There's certainly validity to your argument, and my point is that employees do need surface-level knowledge about general product categories in their store, which we both agree upon. In my previous posts, part of my gripe with Home Depot is their employees often fail to be helpful in finding basic items that aren't of specific brands. For instance, those stick-on felt nubs used on cabinets can be in any upwards of 3 aisles dedicated to cabinets, drawers, shelves, etc. It would save me time for an employee to remember where the shelf space is for those type of products. I'd be happy if they could do this even 50% of the time. I'm not expecting perfection. At any given Home Depot I've been to, I've only gotten actual help about 5% of the time. Contrast that with almost any other hardware store, including ones of equivalent size, and it's a different story. Even the employees of Lowes are of better assistance. Orchard Supply Hardware is even better, although their stores are smaller. This doesn't even stop at grocery stores; employees at Target, Walmart, and various grocery stores are more helpful in my experience and know about their inventory to a greater extent than those at Home Depot. I don't know exactly how other stores like Lowes manages to improve this customer-employee interaction, but if I were running Home Depot in optimal conditions, I would create incentives for employees to familiarize themselves with products and various product categories. If they could make it to optional trainings, watch short videos, be of help to pretend customers, pass quizzes, all of which are voluntary and are not included on an employee's performance record, they could see raises and other benefits. But I've never been an employer, so I don't know how well that would work in practice. I also have no idea if Home Depot doesn't already do these things to any meaningful degree. It may seem like I'm ranting and raving about Home Depot, but that's only because I don't think my expectation that employees should be paid to do something kinda hard isn't an unreasonable one. Unless they're stocking shelves or helping me cut wood, I can't see their presence to be of value. Better signage and promotion of their mobile app(which I only learned of today) could easily replace these employees, and probably will once the next economic downturn hits. There's a little project I made some time ago that takes either the text-only or AMP version of news stories and displays them in sandboxed iframes, which disables all scripts leaving one with just text. https://stripped.news/ And there's an RSS feed(headlines only): https://stripped.news/feed.rss I think Washington Post is broken though, but everything else is working fine. Sadly, it appears both the Atlantic and Reuters have added some annoying elements to the top of their AMP pages that take up a lot of space; that wasn't how it was when I first made this project. > Toxic Masculinity and Hegemonic Masculinity are both fields of study in psychology Can you cite that? If that's how today's psychology is defining things, then that's a sign that field is totally screwed. Is this the fault of men or a largely "feminized" modern environment? In other words, an environment where women are safer than ever(which I fully support) is incidentally one with very few ways for men to form social bonds with each other; there are very few ways for most men to face shared struggles, at least without being told that their arenas are "too aggressive" for women. > The other interesting issue I see is that women are according to stereotypes both a.) more cooperative and easier to work with and b.) horrible to work with - depending precisely on which variant makes women inferior in the context. I challenge the very concept that women are more cooperative; they simply cooperate differently from men. When men are overtly challenging one another, they are usually cooperating in the sense that they are playing by the same hierarchical rules. Women cooperate through covertly challenging each other while overtly playing by rules that limit the amount of displayed aggression and promote hospitable behavior. Both have their advantages and disadvantages, but the fact that men tend to be more aggressive to each other is not to say that they aren't very cooperative with one another; if that weren't the case, men on average would be far more underhanded and circumvent rules on a regular basis. Although it's worrying if it's partly due to women being less involved with their children, on the face of it, I believe this is a good thing for both fathers and their children. Largely, I think it's a sign of the times. My generation's fathers came from an era where "hard work" was still considered a necessity for happiness. My own father as well as most of those of people I know work and worked very hard. Technology, the economy, and society changed significantly from the time that our fathers grew up to when we grew up, and we sons saw our fathers work countless hours, leaving us to wonder how life is even worth living if it's made up of overtime hours and a series of useless meetings. Despite my father being the type to overachieve in the workplace, I would not wish that kind of lifestyle on him. I know a lot of men my age who saw their fathers work slavishly and realized that it's not worth it for them to spend their early life working to promote someone else's excessive success. I'm sure there are women out there who feel the same about their labor in contrast to that of their fathers, although women are also working more than ever(outside of the home) so it's not as much their issue as that of men and their rapidly changing role in society. I know this is just filtering for now, but I've been backing up entire channels for fear they'll one day disappear because global policy or legacy media conglomerates won't allow for it. I imagine the "you" in YouTube will be mostly gone in the next decade. The writing's on the wall. Yeah, I'm basically doing what you describe: `youtube-dl -f best -citw -v ` If I recall, that's going to ignore errors. At an airport right now so I can't remember exactly what those flags are. There's a lot of fan made instrumentals out there(of astounding quality) that I've been archiving for fear of losing forever. I learned my lesson after Nintendo went berzerk and requested takedowns for gameplay videos and walkthroughs; smashrockgroin's series for Goldeneye 64 was both funny and informative when playing that game, but now those videos are gone forever. I've vowed never to buy a Nintendo product again because of that alone. Thanks! I'll be doing this from now on. Had no idea about that. People have a tendency to misundertand everything I do, so I'd rather not get into specifics, but in summary: - Intellectual discussions - Fan made instrumentals and remixes (especially for Rammstein) - Found footage, old shows, and other nostalgic material from VHS tapes. (wouldn't surprise me if they get flagged for having Folgers commercials from 1993) - Random funny videos with swearing or vulgar language Not a whole lot of things that are likely to be relevant to most people, but I've a culture of my own and I'd like to preserve that. To forever lose something I enjoy means losing a bit of myself and not being able to share that with others. I have a hard drive connected to a Raspberry Pi with Samba installed. Samba is terribly slow, so I just ended up bypassing that and installing youtube-dl directly on the Raspberry Pi. I'd like to find a more robust solution, but for now that works. Streamlink looks like a great project. Thanks for mentioning it! Yeah, I'd definitely be interested in seeing something like that. > Downloading/Compiling... Huh. I thought the point of WASM was for there to be precompiled binaries. Ah, thanks for clearing that up. True, but a lot of people do not see it that way. (although that's partly due to prominent Republicans hitching a ride on the Libertarian wagon when it's convenient) > Loading a user-provided (untrusted) YAML string needs careful consideration. Why would you ever use YAML for user-provided input? At that point, it's better to just use JSON. > Many other languages (including Ruby and PHP1) are also unsafe by default. Searching for yaml.load on GitHub gives a whopping 2.8 million results. yaml.safe_load only gives 26,000 results. Maybe that's everyone's using JSON where it would be unsafe to use YAML. > YAML files can be hard to edit, and this difficulty grows fast as the file gets larger. And... this isn't the case for XML or JSON? Ok, so reindenting a section might be a pain, but if your YAML is containing large amounts of data, maybe that data doesn't belong in that format if you're manually editing the YAML. > especially since 2-space indentation is the norm and tab indentation is forbidden Good. ;) > And accidentally getting the indentation wrong often isn’t an error; it will often just deserialize to something you didn’t intend. Happy debugging! Which is unlikely to happen if you're using a YAML library or only editing small-ish config files by hand. --- As noted, YAML has a lot of quirks. As a configuration language, I love it and am used to the little edge cases. Could it be better? Definitely. But I would still consider YAML to be great in the domain where it excels: human-readable configuration. Using it to store and transmit large amounts of data, especially in ways where a human is manually editing the YAML, is a terrible idea. That's why loans can be a trap; you have to pay them back eventually regardless of outcome. I remember Mark Cuban saying it's foolish to take out a loan to start a business, and while I do think there's a time and a place to do that, there's a nugget of truth to what he said. A lot of people such as myself have nothing to lose in starting a business, that is besides the debt which has become further and further normalized in our society. Loans are great and I've used them for a variety of things, but it's fascinating when there are unintended and perhaps unintuitive consequences. If it were email, those same people would abuse email. I don't think what you're saying is really a problem with Slack. Those people you're referring to are disrespectful morons. That's definitely key, and I think that behavior should be default. (though arguably that wouldn't be in the financial interest of Slack) Another thing that's key in my experience is learning to take one's time in replying to people or learning who to say "no" to. When people learn that you're not 24/7 tech support, they'll bother you less often. But it really depends on the kind of company you work for, what your role is, etc. Years ago, I was developing a desktop aquaponics unit that I was planning on selling and turning into a business. I know it doesn't sound innovative, but at the time most prebuilt aquaponics systems for sale were large and unsophisticated. My idea was to build a 5-gallon aquaponics system that someone could have on their desk or windowsill that was extremely energy efficient. In fact, it'd be so efficient that only a moderate amount of sunlight would be required to keep it running. I developed a unique pumping system that was intended to require little power and few moving parts. I told people what I was doing and I was told either "Yeah, I guess that's cool." or "Nobody's going to pay for that! You're crazy." Eventually, I believed them, and so I quit what I was doing. A year and a half later, this thing appeared in stores across the country: https://backtotheroots.com/products/watergarden It's nearly identical to what I was developing, although its less sophisticated and required more electricity(not that most people buying it would actually care). I was pissed off like no other time in my life. I'm not a violent person, but that one time I went out into the woods and beat shrubs with a stick to release my anger. :) Looking back, I should have picked up where I left off even after learning that I'd been beaten to the finish line. Still , I felt very defeated. It was heartbreaking to see someone take what I thought was an original idea and make money after I'd spent countless hours building the electronics and testing various water pump/lifter designs. More importantly, I shouldn't have listened to anyone. The average person doesn't know what they're talking about, which is why they're not coming up with their own ideas, why they elect slick-tongued buffoons into office, and why they're miserable working their lives away for other miserable know-nothings. If you have an idea that you are passionate about, you're better off trying something and legitimately failing than to have watch someone else live the future you could have had because your family and friends think you should play it safe. Regret is tragic, but simple failure can be recovered from and forgotten once you've learned from it. I recently quit my job to pursue an idea. We'll see what happens! I did decide to tell people what I was doing, but my previous experience taught me to disregard anything they say, including encouragement. I've been told "go for it" by some and "the gap will look bad on your resume" by others. It might have been a mistake to tell them anything at all because I do believe that exposing yourself to negative ideas can be damaging to your motivation, and same with positive ideas if you become worried about living up to them, but at least I've discovered that I've become a master of not giving a shit about what others think. No way! :) I think aquaponics gained a lot of popularity around 2011, which is when I became aware of it and started hammering away at ideas. Maybe it had something to do with that rapture prediction at the time? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Yeah, there's certainly room for more small-scale aquaponics products. Possibly larger scale, too. I had this foolish mindset that if my idea wasn't 100% original then it wasn't worth doing. The reality is that even the biggest of companies that exist today weren't the pioneers of their core products, nor did they necessarily innovate any faster than their competition. Thanks for the encouragement, and I would say the same for whatever ideas you shelved. Maybe we'll have to join forces some day. ;) On a bit of a tangent from the core content of the article and the discussion here, I take issue with how easily even the smartest of people will take one example of a phenomenon and extrapolate the frequency(or replicability) of said phenomenon. All we really know about life, as we define it, is that it's possible to occur, because we're here, but we don't have any actual information about whether we're a fluke or an unknowing part of a greater community of intergalactic life. Pointing to billions and billions of stars and saying "there must be life out there" is unfounded at this point because we still aren't even close to understanding exactly how life came to be on Earth, as well as why it happened when it did. What the equation of predicting life is missing is the variable of time; without having at least two examples of life occurring independently, there's no way that I'm aware of that we can come up with a useful probability of life occurring anywhere. That is, unless we can create simulations to test theories outside of real time, which will probably be a required next step in science for getting a better understanding of our universe. This comes at a perfect time for me, because I've been working on an application running on MongoDB and although I can get away without transactions, they would help significantly. > Sure, your ops team can put together a bunch of stuff manually. And then you can create a bunch of extra stuff that makes it easier for development to handle all of that inside virtual machines, and get the network bridging between those apps and the host machine working properly, and all that fun stuff. I think this is one of the biggest reasons people use Docker, although they tend to forget to mention it since it's not exactly a technical advantage of Docker; in many ways, it allows developers to bypass DevOps or sometimes eliminate them all together. No more creating Jira tickets just to have a specific version of Imagemagick installed on a server.