Addendum: essentially looking for operating costs as percentage of revenue both before and after contracting B2B services. Best of luck! If things look grim, don't give in. Could they have passed 8th grade in 1995? Doubtful: * Advances in Science * More (and more widely varied) history * Different economic and political regimes * Speaking a foreign language * Algebra II * Books (easily 90% drivel) which pass for great literature these days Hard to compare when full information is not available. What is NIST standard for a bushel of wheat? What about rate of compounding at a bank (was that 10% apr or 10% per minute)? This likely would be an easy test for most with today's level of education after a day of remedial education that covers the basics of this test. This is an advertisement. I've actually found Numpy/SciPy to have a lot of trouble in basic maximization routines as compared with Matlab. I took a two-year break in the early 2000's from technology in general by living in a very impoverished nation--it simply wasn't available to 99% of the population where I was. Before I left, I was all about piracy. I thought it was awesome, and I hoped kazaa, audiogalaxy, and others would be around in the mean time. After getting back, piracy seemed so trivial and pointless--most things I was interested in pirating before leaving was media of some sort, and this media no longer interested me. BitTorrent was relatively new, and so I never really used it for pirating (just to get Linux iso's). In regard to the OP, I guess I do neither? Hahahahaha. This cracked me up. That 8th grade exam was difficult, no? I have a friend in Apple's data mining group who told me they use Numpy/SciPy exclusively for their programming. I was surprised. My experience has not been all that great either. But it's fun to tinker. \begin[possibly failing]{humor} Alright! Apple did something wrong! Took PCWorld long enough to bring it to our attention. I mean, what, didn't the MacBook Air come out yesterday? And it can't perform well as items already on the market? \end{humor} Because the resources are now dedicated to SEO? Yaye for libertarianism! Oh wait, these things are a net-negative for society and those involved. Never mind, argument is null. Agreed This meets your fancy? http://lpg.ticalc.org/prj_tiemu/ I don't--I just googled "TI92 Emulator" or something to that effect, and this was the first result--and surprisingly nonspammed. Here are some places I would immediately look--you most likely have come across some or all of these. I suspect some of the smaller proprietary products teams may be more accessible in interviewing. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_computer_algebra_... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numerical_analysis_soft... R is sweet. Octave has its ups and downs--I'm thinking Numpy/SciPy/Matlibplot may be a better route for my own personal computing (still learning though)--especially since Python has bindings practically for everything. I agree that Sage still needs work (the 100+ bugs submitted daily to the RSS support feed says so!) but it works really well. Sage install for Ubuntu is very straightforward--they even provide the command to unpack. If you've programmed in Python, or even better Fortran or C, the installation is mostly trivial. Nontrivial is compiling from source, however :-). Sage does more than Mathematica, as I understand it. It can be used as a replacement for Matlab, R, etc. I got informed of it by friend who is an applied mathematician by day and a .Net guru by night. Wikipedia has a decent writeup at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sagemath Octave does not have a pre-packaged optimization routine or a usable toolbox of which I am aware, and I find GnuPlot abysmal (but this is likely due to my lack of experience with it). These are probably easily corrected. But solutions already exist within the FLOSS community with other packages such as Sage (and, of course, Numpy and the rest)--reinventing the wheel is something few have time for! :-) This is a big reason I like Sage: it is designed like the Borg in that it uses bindings to connect into other software (both proprietary and open source). Yes! Star Trek reference and SageMath in the same sentence. It is a good night. No. The government cannot make law restricting the freedom of speech. But legally signing away your freedom of speech is an enforceable contract. It has nothing to do with "bringing in the government, ERGO freedom of speech". That is not the way litigation works. Yes, I can. I was employed by such a company and laid off when I made a stink. There is no legal "law" of such: it's an economic reality, however. I don't know how to downvote. I thought the Greeks were painting in very vivid colors? http://io9.com/5616498/ultraviolet-light-reveals-how-ancient... The concept was good, but overwhelmed by typos. Those that downvoted: was this too critical? Is it a mistake to be concerned with the quality of posts? I'm still new to HN and learning the culture: please forgive any trespass or offense I may have caused. The power of Google: http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/Chrome/thread?tid=2bb3... Thanks. Why do you suppose this is required for encrypted.google, but not for, say, JSTOR.com? This is quite similar to the setup in Daniel Suarez's novel, but with updated tech. Agreed. Awesomeness. Really just wondering if this has the potential to keep out recruiting riff-raff, and serve as a platform for better Web 2.0 job postings. Thoughts? Kudos for keeping locational variety. Is there a flag/keyword we can enter into the search to ignore location? Agreed Interesting. Do you think we will see micro-VC's start up, like Prosper or Kickstart for startups? Bwahahahah! Thumbs up! Will look into it. I have experience with python, matlab/octave, R, and an itsy bitsy amount of C#/SQL/Java from another life (figuratively). Can OpenCL be implemented on systems which do not support CUDA? I have a relatively inexpensive HP bought about 3 years ago that, well, just won't run CUDA even with an nvidia card :-) What typically keeps a person with average wealth from investing in venture capital? Another part of it is that cable companies/telcos already provide content for a fee that many content providers provide on the internets for free. Hence, content providers cut into their supposed bottom-line. Content providers piggy-back on the ISPs in markets within which the ISP has already entered: one would expect the ISP, as a local monopoly, to exercise market power to force exit of the content providers. Time for the content providers (Google, HN) to invest in ISPs? Fair enough. How would you recommend getting this idea to people who have enough credibility to do something about it? I do not have the capability to attend SF mixers :-) Apologies for the typos. A mob mind is rarely well-informed. I call BS on your BS call. Releasing something like this puts it into the public domain. Unless the FBI has a contract already in place, payment is not ensured. Getting government rents must be very nice. Cebuano Boholanon Winary English Perhaps encouraging people to unplug and go for a walk in the park? >The fact that there's so many variables isn't the reason such an analysis would fail. The reason is that there's just not enough input to predict personality type with any statistical significance. Isn't this the whole idea of factor analysis/singular variable decomposition? Yes, but can they _replicate_? If so, we're doomed! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gray_goo I comment more than I should, and soak up an enormous amount of intellectual capital I now employ. Thanks, great minds! "One of us tells the truth, and one of us always lies." I disagree, politely, that most HN readers find no issues with writing style. I base this on a subsample of one and extrapolate. wink wink Seriously though, HN isn't Reddit or Digg. I feel a little class and care can reasonably be expected from the informed commentator. Background? What is all this? I created this tutorial to help technically-savvy scientific programmers (but not necessarily full-on programmers) to install PyCUDA on Ubuntu 10.10. It probably cannot suit all needs, but I felt my roadblocks were common enough (and the limit of my knowledge familiar enough) to warrant a gathering of disjunct information into a small tutorial. I'm not looking to turn into a professional tutorial by any means. I'm really just wanting to see if there are questions from hackers at my level, not Linux, Ubuntu, Python, or CUDA sages :-) Thanks HN! I humbly submit this as the best browser ever invented. Now if only grooveshark or other music utilities worked with it. Or even Facebook :-) I am probably echoing many when I say: Great job! How can we rate individual books? Wait... he complains on his post about not submitting his blog posts to the community.. which then gets submitted to the community and upvoted (albeit probably not by him). Does that sum it up? Agreed completely. Did you read the linked article? I like it. But this is more of a business and economic rule, no? In response to ha-hn: The intent to this post is not to create mathematical elitism, but to highlight an important mathematical concept that comes up in programming--and many programmers may work with or around it without realizing it. As I understand it, this concept is used in: * Compression Algorithms * Signal Analysis * Pagerank * Factor Analysis * Animation (especially when considering more than 3 points of information for each vector) * Clustering in Machine Learning * Noise reduction in DSP * Match.com's dating algorithm * Principal Component analysis * Image scaling * Control theory I know it has been used in many more applications beyond this list. I'm sorry you feel a smack of mathematical elitism. The concepts here are not inherently difficult, just a little complex. Here is a great resource to learn more: http://www.puffinwarellc.com/index.php/news-and-articles/art... Because these are among the most important mathematical concepts a programmer needs to understand--not "almost" the most important :-) As with other comments, I agree the tone is self-defeating. When did we forget the difference between problems and conditions? Problems are things with solutions within our power. Conditions are things without solutions within our power. I feel the author could benefit greatly by learning how to determine what could be solved with one's own effort--and an employer stealing life away is solvable, IMHO, in numerous ways. Also, this piece could be an argument for automation. If the employer is stealing your life, would you not be happier having a machine do your job, giving you the freedom to live your life? Theft of labor resources, if you're salary non-exempt and reading HN is not in your job description :-) The quick, easy, and non-communist way to do this is to have the opportunity for employees to become shareholders through purchase of premium stock and bonds. This solves the moral hazard problem quite well. A few points: HN is not amero-centric "The American Dream BS" is not correctly stated in the original piece, thus cannot be the "BS" cannot be what HN folks want to follow * Anyone can make it if they choose to. Not everyone succeeds on the first try, but the odds are with the person who chooses to learn from mistakes and try better the next time. * Success is ill-defined when one makes money and prestige the only inputs. As an example of what one small subset of the world thinks, view the third quotation here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_O._McKay#Quotations If anyone at Netflix is listening: BUY FIREFLY AND MAKE NEW EPISODES. I would gladly play an extra $4 a month (or more) on top of streaming just for access to new weekly/biweekly episodes of that. I guess grad school really is a bubble. I had no idea they canceled SG:U. What's this Sarah Conner Chronicles I'm hearing about? I agree, Netflix should just buy SyFy from NBC and revamp it. But where would they show movies akin to Sharktopus? Poor Digg staff. I hear Reddit is hiring engineers... Will this be better than Python? I'm still a programming tinkerer so I don't have enough knowledge to evaluate. Well good! I enjoy Digg and would hate to see it go down like the article implies. Why the downvote/flag? Did I say something offensive here? I really am curious. I was unaware Cw was as old as it is when I first posted this. I originally got a 404 error and thought it was some kind of prank. what do you mean, email@domain.com +hn? Unions are great when the group supported is homogeneous. Otherwise, in my opinion alone, they are pretty inefficient to the functioning of the firm. I don't say that people shouldn't have the right to collectively bargain. I just worry about the right balance of power between right-to-work and union extremes. Did anyone else get a huge Web of Trust warning from this site? I'm very confused as to why my previous comment got downvoted. HN confuses me occasionally. Is it because I use WOT? Or because I brought attention to an issue with the site? Or "playas b hatin"? Also cdevroe, here is the WOT rating--my guess is someone didn't like a post or two: http://www.mywot.com/en/scorecard/cdevroe.com That's way cool! Am I the only one who thinks that Windows, with malware, worms, and trojans, are more akin to the zerg? Whereas Linux, with its post-humanism, is akin to Terrans? I read the name of this, and thought "Mal Odor... oh dear." That being said, this is like a Mac version of Wine for Linux? If so, cool. Another excellent idea: make it a regression: Wage = a + b years experience + c title + d language coded + ... [a b c d ...] = ([array.T array]^(-1) array.T wage thus people can figure out for themselves where they should be! :-) So what's failing then? Almost ready for primetime. Keep up the good work Google. You might like Gnumeric. It has almost all the functionality of Excel 2003. Pr(download is malicious)*Pr(block random download uniformly out of 14 downloads for each server, because timing 14 individual downloads across the entire Internet is ludicrous) = 1/196 Please get on this Grooveshark. I run Linux and your client runs so slowly. A thousand pardons-13/30! How does this compare with Coderoom? A good reason for a Linux guest on VBox, I spose. Nice! Where's the rest? I've programmed now for 5 years, and I find C hard. But then, I've mainly programmed in C# and Python. Yes. I found it useful maybe 70% of the time--more than most texts. The critical factor, IMHO, is clarity and conciseness of writing. Zed does a good job with this (I didn't know his name until this thread, BTW). What is a capacitive button? EDIT: Oh, I see now. They are buttons that respond to electric impulse from the fingers on touchscreens. The solution the author seems to be seeking is: everyone should use the old Nokia bricks? I find this true in many PhD fields (and their relative measures of success) Does anyone else think the guy looks a little like Hitler? Perhaps a different nose... Just saying. It's hard to tell what exactly I see with 8bit sprites! :-) What? Gmail redesigned? I use a desktop client, so I never really focus on the webside. Does no one use ScribTeX? Check it out: http://www.scribtex.com/ How does it compare to open-source Matlab alternatives such as Gnu/Octave? Fair point. Here is a link to my cv: http://tinyurl.com/vitatomrod I don't know you, but I feel similarly. I think ambition drives us to stay up late and arise early. It's not a common trait in mankind I'm finding. This may be silly, but are you keeping up with the basics? Do you make time to exercise? To write down your day in a journal? To recreate somehow daily? Simple things like this I've found are essential for my personal mental well-being. Another point a prof taught me--take time to celebrate small accomplishments. Fix a particularly nasty bug? Go for a short walk, or shoot some hoops in the hallway trashcan. That way you aren't deluded with problems like a bad day of rain. Good luck, friend. Thanks for that debacle. As I have the "year" to beef up various weak points of my cv, what would you suggest? Classes or a project that use scientific computing? Learn Hadoop? By deluded, I meant inundated! I don't think Adobe understands the concept of "substitution"--namely, that for most things, HTML5 seems to far outweigh Adobe's inferior Flash. So charging for Flash may prove to be a bone-headed move. This being said, what better way to force a spin-off than to totally wreck that side of the business' pricing? You sir, are the best hybrid of geek and reddit. Have an upboat. Shame the name is trademarked. Wow, tons of downvotes. There goes 6 months of hard work. Bad way to start a day. I've always liked Matlab's distinction between a function and a script. (Aye, many would call Matlab a scripting language). Simply put, a function can map arbitrarily, and a script has the mapping and parameters provided! At least, that's when you get into the scientific computing paradigm, as I understand it. This confuses me. There seem to be certain personality traits associated with gender beyond standard stereotypes. Why is it a bad thing for a manager/owner to employ specific talents or personality traits in accomplishing an objective?Gender is just one component that makes a person who they are, and is observable. This is not an argument in favor of disparity of wages, but rather an argument in favor of disparity of deployment based on expected performance conditional on known attributes. Love it. Best show ever. This is so exciting to me. The inner economist in me wants this to work so badly. Well, I'm a math-y overtrained guy who just loves tech as a passionate hobby, and I found HN. I love the community here, and the new things I learn. I hope to never have to work where only people like me are employed. shudder . Bummer. My install failed. Sad. I've used Linux ever since Windows Vista drivers prevented me from making programs full screen without crashing the OS. That was when I said enough. I started with Ubuntu, but the updates always break on me. So now I'm giving a Debian a go. I'm amazed how much like Ubuntu 8.04-9.10 it is--the Gnome 2 desktop is nice and simple. That's unfortunately an option Canonical has taken away from its distro. I love the comment on here: "I do believe that there is real value in pursuing functional programming, but it would be irresponsible to exhort everyone to abandon their C++ compilers and start coding in Lisp, Haskell, or, to be blunt, any other fringe language. To the eternal chagrin of language designers, there are plenty of externalities that can overwhelm the benefits of a language, and game development has more than most fields." Ah reality. You're why we can't keep nice growth patterns. I've never used android--is it difficult then? Time to short the stock? It all depends on the elasticity of consumption. #5 isn't so much a sign as it is common sense, I think. Because the training of the reviewers doesn't cover those cases. Apple is no startup! Strange. I could see implementations not being patentable, but the creation of a programming language could and should be copyrightable as a whole, not as individual pieces. Python is usable, whereas LolCats exists mainly as expression. But I'm not a programmer--what do y'all think? Hah! I agree with what you're saying. Does my point make sense? some clarification here: I'm saying copyright the entire item, which to me means the syntax. The implementation ought not to be patentable due to prior art. I mean, Lovelace, Church, Turing, Gauss and Euclid have never been paid royalties for building the foundation on which computing lies. Why should Oracle be thus complicated. Rule 34 there? I was going to mention this. It seemed like the management at Inktomi let it fall once the engineers started using Google search engines. Their response is a likely bellweather of the attitude of the time. A butterfly flapping its wings in Sweden makes the MPAA skittish too, unfortunately. I disagree, but only based on personal observation. Publishers clearly love apps--hence the reason when I go to nearly any newspaper from the NYT to small town USA news asks me to add their iPad apps. Thanks for letting us know. I really like rms, even if I don't agree with his every position. Here's to hoping he gets into good health soon. I see this as costing the blogger more than the $10K, in the long run. What a shame. On one hand I feel some compassion for the onerous regulations and malpractice issues that require medical practitioners to pay for very expensive legal requirements. On the other hand, they should follow their own policies without complaint! Wow. I'm a numpy aficionado and connoisseur.. I'm sad to say I really don't understand most of whats going on in this code... This is cool. And terrifying. Most people I know block ads on Facebook. It's hard to sell a product (eyeballs) when the eyeballs circumvent the tech! I'm not really all that impressed. It needs to widen the search area to a few km and drop the profanity. Agreed, but it performs a decent service. Example is coming from Prosper.com data. In addition to the XML, an XML to CSV jar converter is provided. The size after conversion is 3x that of the original XML--which just seems odd to me. meant to put 2x here, not 3x. I came across the same thing. Ouch! This is great! I've been wanting to try virtualenv for awhile based on the good things I've heard. Here's to the developers keeping it modern. This is really what I signed on to add. This paper really adds nothing to what is already known in various other fields. Perhaps its new to the authors' field however? I'm not a Computer Scientist so I'm not sure. (Full Disclosure: {Applied Games in Economics} \in {What I do}) In all reality, one of the best places to start is Wikipedia. The sources quoted in the game theory articles are fantastic. Also, "Game Theory" by Fudenberg and Tirole of you're mathy, or Gibbons if you're wanting a fairly awesome introduction: http://www.amazon.com/Game-Theory-Applied-Economists-ebook/d... There are also a lot of blogs on algorithmic (computational) game theory if that is of interest to you. Unless you run elinks or IE... Man, I love hearing the nitty-gritty security details. More like this, please! I logged on to say exactly this. If for a product, the benefit is overwhelmed by the cost, then the user is irrational to use such a product. Email is _difficult_ to share things appropriately. A hybrid client, like gmail, is IMHO much better. I'm not familiar with the specifics of ARM devices. Why couldn't one come later and install Linux+variant of Grub to detect the MBR after the Windows install? I'm made quite the cluster out of hacked PS3s. Isn't that in the spirit of Hacker News, anyway? Cool. So what does this mean it can do? Run iPhone OS apps? US-Mexican War, US-Spanish war. US came out far ahead in bt cases, iirc. Argh! The caption in this article makes a grammatical mistake that is a pet peeve of mine. I cringe every time I read or hear it! An example: "Not all the donuts are eaten." "All the donuts are not eaten." Assume some donuts have been eaten. Which is correct? As I understand English, the first is logically correct, but the second is typically used. I apologize now to all of you who have never noticed this before, as it may haunt you now for the rest of your lives. Imagine a world where OLED screens can be worn or even tatooed to the skin, powered by kinetic motion? It's a brave new world, aye! The tm is "multi-sided market" in the economics literature. We're only beginning to figure them out. This is almost the contrapositive to "it's not a bug, it's a feature!" And thus I feel compelled to start a discussion of the German zeitgeist in the mid 1930s, thus causing myself to bring about Godwin's law. This is why I stick to my *nix boxes. I wonder if the outrage at this particular practice will fuel politicians? It's beautiful that way. Hey, we newbs can contribute SOMETHING--namely useful content for other newbs (that rises above the noise). Newbs have to learn somewhere, and if experts aren't contributing, then to whom do we turn? I'm surprised to see the above comment got downvoted. Do people think that excited acolytes contribute nothing? I think that point was made in the article--they wore kilts, not pants, before Europeans. I assume it was strictly donation at this point. If I were to design something like this (actually not that far off from a nonprofit I had in mind years ago), I would offer a freemium model: basic classes for free, more advanced classes for a fee. Me too! :D I loved those books. Sorry to hear about his passing. RIP. North Texas appears to be up. We still have "inventor" and "tinkerer" Why not open a new page, and delete all content (but a link to the new page) off the old page? Indeed! If I could say anything to the Gnome3team: "I used gnome 3 shell for 6 months until I could no longer stand it. Please please, Gnome team, go back to Gnome2 or Mate. The desktop really doesn't need reinventing. You're solving fixed problems!" Unfortunately, I don't know how well the open source adopts the philosophical concept of sunk costs. It's a fair question. It has to do with the amount of community support momentum Gnome has (which Mate has yet to achieve). I was hugely impressed with Gnome2 when I first came to Linux. I've only found OpenBox to be as useful for me. My worry is that Mate will go the way of some of the other interesting desktop innovations like FluxBox--fragmented and disorganized. So why not start a whole new project, instead of dumping the most successful of previous projects? > At best it's more of a "it's not as bad as everyone says". This is the camp I fall in. It's not that I don't mind the new, improved, eye-candy-focused drive of Unity and Gnome3. But why abandon the products that worked to begin with? Oh the irony. I get a 503 error. Make that a 504. This is a side topic related (so sorry for the threadjack!): Does anyone else think TL;DR is a terrible replacement for "Abriged:" or "Summary:"? This. US culture on the whole is overly sensitive to criticism in my view. If someone criticizes another, the typical response is to give a "No way, you're judging my unchangeable characteristics!" rather than "Hey, let me think if this has any merit." Mountains from molehills, methinks. I think the blog author did a great job handling the ad hominems though. Maybe I just don't code enough. I see little advantage to vim or emacs over, say, gedit or kate. What am I missing (besides a need for esoteric hotkeys)? One could argue that if the expected payoff from LIBOR to cities wasn't so high, then the cities would have invested elsewhere--perhaps in more efficient systems to save money, for one. If true: that sucks If false: the money has to be paid back, with interest. So a cash loss for the bank. Esoteric: Intended for or likely to be understood by only a small number of people with a specialized knowledge or interest. I think the body of knowledge regarding vi(m) hotkeys would fall under this definition when considering the entire world. I mean no ill will by the description. Whatever he wants it to mean, apparently. I would reckon any Disney movies would fall under this, but not the Linux kernel. Unless we want to go really old school, before copyrights were filed. But "traditional" may not take that long to apply, I guess? Yes, your referenced link WAS a general comment regarding mobi and epub, which has evolved a lot in the last two years. I imagine this book, since it's from CUP, will be available as a Kindle purchase if not now then very soon. I've been purchasing textbooks for the Kindle for awhile now. My only complaint is typically the equations are included as images, so they can be very small. How I wish MathML were a standard for academic publishing. Poison Ivy/Oak: DOS of the TP world. Everything I had in my mouth is now on my screen. Thanks for a great laugh. Unique on Google I would see as sufficient, but not necessary. But, as was commented earlier, don't name & spell your project after something extremely common (e.g. Rastafarian). Given that, Python seems to have done remarkably well given these constraints. Having a superior project speaks volumes, apparently. > Companies prosper or fail because of their product, not their name. Consider Amazon. It outshines competitors in e-commerce, even though one rival -- Buy.com -- owns the perfect name for online shopping. While true, I would hesitate investing with a group called "Bernie Madoff Groupies" or purchasing a DVD from an Ebay company called "KnockOff". Wow--I didn't even consider that. Now I completely agree with the point. Language is lost on me sometimes. > This assumes that there's some large group of people using Google (or Bing, or Blekko, etc) to find pirated media. Ahem: "intitle:"index.of"(mpg(avi)wmv) (words you're looking for) -html -htm -php -asp -jsp Would this be affected by the new policy? I don't know. I was shown this by a modern young-un--didn't know it myself. As a recent neophyte, I will use my anecdotal data of size 1 to hazard an answer. I believe once syntax has become relatively understood is when a programmer should start mapping (mentally or on paper) the steps they need to successfully complete a program. >What pushed me to quitting wasn't any sudden realization, but just a slow-building frustration with the whole idea of MMORPGs Same thing built up with Minecraft for me. What a lost amount of time :/. So fun at the time, but there is only so many Legos I can afford to spend time on. Apt comparison. I agree. I've been very impressed with the gambles and payoffs YC has made. GPL issues, maybe? Would it be possible to make a MathML writer that typesets? Interesting to see this and the "Death of the Linux Desktop" posts both on the front page. Are there heated opinions on the issue here? It isn't yet, but for the basics it may well be usable. Only 1 out of the hundreds of TeX users I know use TeX specifically for math typesetting. I'm unfortunately not able to contribute at this time in that community, but I'd be the second if I had the available time. Indeed. I've also become converted (finally) to Unity on a single screen. Still have a hard time with multiple moniters, but whatever. > most choose to write LaTeX by hand now! Really? I haven't come across that. Cool, if so. I think the explanation is thorough. Is it intended to be a full and complete explanation, or an introduction? As an introduction it'd be very poor--it would probably be too encyclopedic as an introduction. You're the first I've heard say this. Would you mind passing a link along? I like this. Anyone feel like extending this to Numpy? I tend to use the Matlab/Numpy conversion page all the time. >"Silence. Speak not but what may benefit others or yourself; avoid trifling conversation." I disagree with this one. Small talk can lead to big happenings, and have many times in my life. That being said, I'd modify it to: Focus. Avoid multitasking so as to not do multiple things poorly. Sure, you have a point here. How does one know whether the talk will be small or trifling beforehand? Thanks! > If Valve did the same thing with their own version of Ubuntu running Steam, they could lower machine prices and also really reshape the PC gaming landscape over the next 10 years, esp. for indie developers who are already porting to Linux. At that point, why not just release their own console? > what's the difference between a standardized PC running a custom/customized OS and your hypothetical console? Typically software repository choice, versatility, and upgradability of components. Thank goodness I'm more intelligent than to use Windows 8! /end country bumpkin Wow. How accurate is this evaluation of the challenge? I'm not a lawyer, but this would appear brazen if accurate. But caught where? Eastern Europe? ahem Marginal costs on ebooks are essentially zero after factoring payment to authors/publishers. Fixed costs, even long-term variable costs, cannot be considered marginal costs here. The costs are hosting and delivery of content. So unless Amazon is selling books at a price lower than what it paid to authors/publishers who distribute through them, I don't follow the inherent marginal cost pricing argument. Perhaps the author means average costs? Indeed. > Certain HN rockstars would receive hundreds of upvotes for the most minor of comments Oh! To be one of the principate! What networking that would lead to ;-) Thanks for posting this. It's most helpful! Probably a command called \landscape in the header. Look for that, then remove. LaTeX's default is A4 portrait, if I recall correctly. The source is on Github the website said. I'd like to see a TeX -> MathML program come about. With web publishing, the standard A4 page approach isn't optimal anymore; further, MathML just seems so cool (even if it's still really in it's beta or alpha stages). I know TeX has so many things you can do with it, but this article brings up a great point: with people moving a large majority of their work to diminutive tablets, a 4GB TeXLive distribution probably won't work. An article that appeared at the same time on HN's front page points out some of the benefits: http://yieldthought.com/post/31857050698/ipad-linode-1-year-... Ive noticed a lot of people bringing up Betteridges Law of Headlines recently. Just want to point out that it cuts both ways. You made me giggle in these bleak times. Thanks for that. Meh, Lubuntu or just go Openbox. I've just found Debian breaks too much and is mostly deprecated, e.g. Python 2.4? Sad to hear Ubuntu's average user doesn't know the command line. My mistake. I installed Debian stable about 3 months ago, but Numpy was ridiculously out of date. I falsely remembered it being Python itself. Mea culpa. Wu Wei? Xrandr? Check out my post on messing around with this in openbox (if it helps): https://sites.google.com/site/thomasroderick/blog/9102012--x... Oh, I see what Wu Wei is now. I use tint2 as a "panel" of sorts in Openbox, and modify menu.xml for anything else I need. I like it well enough. Also, modifying rc.xml allows one to set hotkeys. Rather than address concerns, straight up snark on Twitter. https://mobile.twitter.com/ubuntu/tweets > not ads because they are not paid placements > it pays us to make your Amazon journey get off to a faster start Pays how then? Indeed, this needs to be an opt-in feature. But then, as slick as Ubuntu can make it, one has to use Unity for this correct? So those who opt to use a superior (for them) DE should be unaffected? Is Mark trying to kill Unity then? This is my thought exactly. He might well have slipped freudian style there, or perhaps doesn't actually know what Ubuntu does? I'm not up to speed as to whether Mark is a coder or a business man only. I think I remember using this at one point--just choose it at login? When I bought my first landline in the mid-2000s the cost was $40 a month for local service. 75% of that charge was local and state fees. My first phone call was an automated telemarketer. 98% of my calls after that were also telemarketers of one form or anther. Ads started stressing me out, and I ceased being so nice to cold callers. The landline lasted maybe two months before I figured a cell would be cheaper and less annoying. Fantastic read! I like how old discoveries can become relevant again. Applications of lateral thinking really make a good read. Jobs. I sure respect the man. Uncompromising vision! I agree. I think he could have been kinder while achieving his goals. But his vision is something I admire. Snark aside, it's a valid point. Shouldn't CLI tools mimic GUI tools? The bug report is, to me, comedic genius. I laughed so hard when I read it on HN yesterday. Not just consulting requests (although I'm always open to that). I'm just curious what success the community (as entrepreneurs and hackers) has in spurring communication regarding their projects. I see a lot of people looking, just not communicating. EDIT: Thanks for replying, by the way. I appreciate it. Actually, at present I'm not looking specifically to be hired. I would like to start conversations though! I do follow analytics for my site, both with google analytics and google webmaster. Do you have a recommendation for a better analytics provider? Wow. So it's mostly unfinished inside? "Aw shocks, I seem to have forgotten my password since I haven't logged in since 2007. Can I use your account instead?" On average. Not in the tails. So much nope here. A company can trademark its name. It ought to not be able to trademark syllables used in its name, regardless of past case history (e.g. McDonalds, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McDonald&lsquo;s_legal_case... ). This is going to sound a bit naive on my part, and perhaps it is. If the bitcoin transaction database is signed and stored on every computer, what keeps this database from growing too large to handle? Would using only a partial block chain result in severe security issues? I call bull. Spam accounts are rampant. Based on my personal experience, people are beginning to leave. Roughly 20% of my personal friends have left in the last 6 months for varying reasons. I know I am one datapoint, but without hard statistics from FB servers it's the best I have. I enjoyed it. As a non-professional tinker, knowing even basic words and concepts (e.g. Twisted Python used for networking, something I didn't know before) gives me a key where to look. Not all slide dumps are useful, but this was interesting to me. I think I could do the first and the fourth (economist by day, coder by night). Answers to the others elude me: good tutorials and relative importance to coding would be greatly appreciated! Cool -- I actually hit n or log(n) on a couple of these. Neat! Most of the rest I'm right at the n^2. Guess I still have a long way to go. This is why the second twin should put in $5000 every year :D Indeed. A persistent cartel is a sign that such industry has unethical legal protection, to the detriment of the consumer. Only 3? I figured Radioshack/Bestbuy belong in this category in the long run. Would be interesting discussion on what industries denizens of HN think will fall in this manner. > How is that helping anyone but the dealerships? It's not. It's not my area of expertise. But there have been lawsuits against vertical exclusivity in car dealership. These slides seem to go into it: http://www.justice.gov/atr/public/hearings/single_firm/docs/... It's times like these I'm thankful for a life lesson I was taught about 4 years ago. I'm not a professional coder, but I do a significant amount of hacking and coding for one of my research fields (Computational Economics). I noticed this cycle too--this cycle of focusing on the negatives. It really did bring me down. I chatted with my adviser, who was married for a number of years to a child psychologist. She recommended to him that every time he accomplishes something small, get up and walk around. Do something small to reward yourself. Then, get back to coding. This inserts a positive stimuli in an otherwise negative feedback loop. The more bugs you solve, the happier you are. I've found this to be very helpful for me. Hope if helps some of y'all too. How would vertical integration between car manufacturers and dealerships be a barrier to entry specifically, given today's tech? I think there would be new car entrants doing what Tesla is doing. Haven't read the article yet, but the eigenvalues are then the stretch in the direction of the eigenvctors I agree wholeheartedly with this. We're supposed to be the good guys--revealing security issues should be something that gets heavily rewarded with karma. Unfortunately, many of us don't have downvote rights yet. If this were the case, I definitely wouldn't flag unless community standards were flagrantly violated! Strangely enough, that's comforting! I'm not sure I understand the logic here. Wouldn't any nation wanting to know where the early warning radar array is just look for blurs on the map? What was the reasoning for including pagination in the layout? I understand how that would work for news articles (more pages == more ads) but for a catalog I don't see the positives. Definitely not looking to learn the ops side--wanting hands on with Hadoop. Is working with Hadoop just an Eclipse plugin then, like with Python? Can I run it outside of Eclipse (I tend to stick to vim or geany for coding)? Interesting! I wonder if twitter looks to capture some of YouTube's fame via default uploads. iPhone/twitter integration is pretty solid in iOS6--makes me think this could be a play against YT. I agree. Smells fishy. Wow. Now THATS an ad hominem fallacy! I tell you, this is one of the biggest selling points to me about products with rapid deployment such as Ubuntu utilities, Firefox, Chrome, and the like. Fixing any bug and pushing an update in hours upon discovery is just awesome. We live in great times. I really hate this concept. If the education so poor that students REALLY don't want to be there, is the solution to make school become even more like a prison? The whole education sphere really needs a large revolution. I'm not sure of the answer, but I bet there is a startup waiting to happen here. Crazy. Are there any news articles where these type of social engineering scams have been successful? Fascinating! I look forward to the day when data collection methods are similarly looked upon as trivial by future standards. Dealing with PDF documents one cannot scrape, yet needs the data, gets to be ridiculous! I'm not so sure this is true, although it is the standard thought of public education as a public good. I seem to remember homeschooling being a rare thing when I was younger, but now it's at 2..9%(0). I heard a story the other day about a service that allows teachers to sell their curriculum (1), so there is definitely a sphere here that's available. I think that, although RT is horribly biased, the premise that _coercing_ children to stay in class isn't a net positive for society in any sense; instead, make education a good that children _want_, and we'll likely see the entire provision system improve. Forcing consumption of the same good on people is surely going to be net negative for society, even if that good is deemed by society to be important. --- (0) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homeschooling_in_the_United_Sta... (1) http://www.kansascity.com/2012/10/11/3862033/teachers-make-m... Unless a neighbor can homeschool ;) This is one of the most beautiful things I think I've ever seen simulated. Kudos! That's so cool. I love to see real world applications of convolutions. I wonder if there is an application of Gershgorin's Disc theorem here? Regarding the picture: yuck! Many of these traits seem like Lamarckian drivel. Taller because we get good nutrition? That's current genetics being expressed, not evolutionary pressure. The intestines may be spot on, perhaps obese people reproduce less for numerous factor (though I don't know I've ever seen a study on this, it may be true). The requirement here would be that the reason people are obese is they ingest too much sugar and fat. Quadruple chins? I don't see the reasoning being valid here. The the interested: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamarkism Basically: cutting the tails off dogs at birth won't result in no-tailed dogs being born after a few generations. State uni? We'll see. Firings are hard there. I agree with your comment. I wanted you to know that I fatfingered the up vote... And gave you a downvote. I apologize. Here's to many, many more private space successes! Wow. I thought he got married less than a year ago? That's roughtimes :( Would you then receive it back in your mailbox? I haven't mailed a letter in years, so I'm not sure junkmail gets stamp-canceled. May I make a small, unrelated suggestion if the OP is the blog owner? Smaller logo. Took me a full half-minute to figure out that I should scroll down. Took up my entire screen, and thought I was supposed to click something special to see the content. /rant Fair enough. I didn't mean to be a sour puss--I was just surprised by the situation. Hah! Me too! Tis is kind of sad. What are the legal reprecussions if MS tells the EU to take a hike? No desktop windows in EU? I don't think he stuttered--he laid his point out his succinctly. What exactly were people taking issue with? I couldn't tell from the post. Very cool! This is my first exposure to markdown. I could see convergence of this and latex, surely. I thought India also had demographic issues? My money is on Brazil and Argentina. Fair enough. The future is bright, surely. RA in the context of college is either "Resident Assistant" or "Research Assistant". Based on how it's used in the article, "Resident Assistant" sounds more likely as a Research Assistant is less likely to interact with students. True [1]. I reckon someone gets fired over this. Exploits never end up good for all. 1. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4652129 Go on! From my admittedly brief reading after seeing this item, it appears Pandoc still suffers from a lot of compatibility issues? Do they have an official client for any OS? That being said--do you know how command-line connections are supported with GD? I'm see a potential open-source opportunity here. Sounds like we need to all work together. I see that price point as being too high. I think 399 USD would be right in that sweet spot (especially considering this will be considered a poor Ipad substitute in the beginning). One would see open-source projects and volunteer coding project (such as the one I will post at the end) are a good way to get a leg up. Being able to derive a linear regression is less important than being able to see the end from the beginning and being able to read math. I know a coder-cum-CEO (freshly minted) who has a hard time understanding how to program a numerical derivative, yet has produced amazing works based on what he does know. I said it before--we all need each other, especially as the focus has been on specialization (so that no one person has the entire skillset requred). [1] http://www.volunteermatch.org/search/index.jsp?v=true&af... > It is rare the case when a company will hire an academic person to directly lead a company effort I actually hear of this happening a lot for economists in Silicon Valley, even with unfamous people. Fascinating. Only 2 articles above 3000. No, I fully understand the claim that Microsoft has designed this and set the price point to encourage an ecosystem to stay afloat. Yet, Microsoft has done fine in a number of hardware spheres without serious competition (e.g. XBox--1, maybe 1.5 competitors between Sony and Nintendo). I remain skeptical that the better good is the underlying motivation. I reckon he'd make a history based approach. Never seen a Gateway circa 2000 run Mac software. But eh, I'm not him, no so idea to be honest. IDE: QtOctave Toolboxes: Exceeds those of Matlab ( http://octave.sourceforge.net/packages.php ) Speed: On par or better than Matlab generally, unless you use compile your Matlab with MEX (but then, Octave interfaces with C and Fortran for even more speedup). Python is better generally than matlab/octave, and R I view as roughly on par. *Source: 7 year veteran, octave and matlab user, python lover For me, depends on how new a person is to the language. Numpy certainly has a learning curve after spending a long time in Matlab. I agree :D HellMcFly--you're hellbanned so I couldn't reply directly. What is MPlus? He wasn't implying that. You've inverted his statement. Many economists and engineers I know care less about how they code and care more about getting a solution to the model at hand--this seems to be the poster's point. The implication is exactly what he exposited, whereas the logical inverse is what you've mistakenly deduced as the implication. I've found R to be a close cousin of C syntactically. Sure. But Julia is brand new and already supports C/fortran libraries. It's all about the illiquid karma ;). No worries. Octave and Matlab are pretty easy for people with no programming whatsoever to pick up. Engineering and economics thrive in the Matlab world, especially in academia. It's a fairly good setup for them. I thought this might be the APL language. Now I'm not so sure... But it is, there looks to be some loops here http://www.apl.jhu.edu/~hall/Lisp-Notes/Loop-Summary.html 6 AP classes here. Nailed them all because of awesome teachers. I was the only one in my school to take the AP Gov test in 10 years. I wasn't anywhere near the top of my class though. And it saved a year of college I would have had to take. I completely agree with your sentiment here. Good analysis. Let me comment that it would be improved by investigating quarterly or yearly quota, or controlling for budget deficits (e.g. if 2010 has a large expected budget deficit, likely in September 2009 tickets begin being written with greater frequency). For me, I put on nonstandard software that gets removed. Sometimes software sources aren't preserved--especially if I have messed with GUI configurations. Obi says it best: "I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened." As an economist, I salute this post. While common sense will get a person far in life, strategic decision making is a hard process to model. * blog refers to husband--should it be a "she"? Yes, twitter account confirms: https://mobile.twitter.com/anjaligupta Spot on. My apologies. Not quite. Models advance as their conclusions are shown to not hold in reality. You may be thinking about macroeconomics, in the which there seems to be a fad cycle of models, and a hyped up difference of assumptions. I assure you macroeconomics doesn't actually have a fad cycle. Percentages are small, and the name was not male. See further comments. Could you explain it then? I'm really confused! Clear enough then! But why upside down? ;-) Fantastic! I enjoyed your article Dan. That's a very helpful way of considering the twitter ecosystem. I like how that sounds. My only concern is philosophical -- who then sets the agenda? We wouldn't be able to implement democracy without the tyranny of the majority, nor could we exalt any one minority group without the same issue. At least with a for-profit society the motivations are clear. xxaio, I tried to respond directly to you but you are hellbanned. My guess is that this app might take a lot of time, and unless the developer is paid well elsewhere then a realization may be had--time costs money :/. That's my only complaint about free software--UX can be rough at times for the uninitiated. I'm not sure about this specific example, but I could see a couple of reasons: * One really wants the movie to be made, like a Clint Eastwood figure director who likes the script, regardless of the cost to self * Director is new and potentially naive; agent is no good * Director is new, not naive, and wants to make a brand for him- or herself in the movie world (and knows the movie isn't bound for a Saturday Syfy special... /snark) Indeed. Though with a 3d printer I may well be able to download a car someday... I don't know many talented directors. I know a few bumblers, but perhaps that's because I don't live in CA? I can promise you my love of knowledge is bright and receptive. I've read the federalist papers and the writings of many who claim to be the intellectual successors of Hamilton, Jay, and Madison. If only the US were a democracy instead of a representative republic! But, given the standard human condition, we still coalesce into tribes. Be it based on race, religion, hometown, shared career, you name it, we form blocs. These blocs then either innately or in response to other blocs seek to gain power (heck, that's what political science _is_, the study of acquisition of power, and it's far from a solved question). So the fairy dust solution of "everyone" being the minority represented doesn't really hold true in the real world. Thus, given these constraints, I conclude a for-profit-society is more transparent and navigable than a profit-for-society. If one were to assume that everyone else lived a profit-for-society life, then one defector would be able to manipulate the entire society to their personal aims. Though I strive to live my personal life to a more noble ideal, I cannot assume everyone else will. Your proposal is akin to the ideal anarcho-capitalists* have, in that states compete. As I understand the philosophy, judicial systems and police forces are private and distinct. Law is common-law, meaning it's not case based, but rather takes into account the accuser, accused, and the situation. The will of the court is then implemented via by a hired police force. The issue is then when courts and police merge horizontally and vertically. You then have a _de_ _facto_ state. It's unavoidable, and the answer is "Well, you obviously can't have a society where people are like that." This answer ignores the strategic human element. One cannot even call this behavior immoral, as it likely comes about with noble intentions. Anyway, just some thoughts. I salute your goals. *EDIT: anarcho-capitalists (ancaps), not socio-anarchists. I thought the article was clear on this point. The director was paid 5% of net. Net was negative -- the director got shafted. The directors I know are unlikely getting shafted by this method, as their portfolios consist of mainly live births, cattle auctions, and high school sports. Still Art Institute graduates though. I don't know. I wish I did, because then I wouldn't have made the afore comment. :/. It would not surprise me to find the occasional tool that still relies on it. As does my entire scientific library, unfortunately... I've never understood how DRM can be stripped from a mobi file. I've never been able to find the files when I looked on my ipod. (I think I've shown my lack of hacking on the ipod with this comment--eep!). You may not be a social Darwinist, but your ideas do suffer from the same weaknesses as anarcho-capitalism. See the above. I disagree--I learned something. Perhaps not information, but the fact it's reposted on Wired means the article has a larger audience (at least by one--me). It will matter. As the unofficial family tech guy, I promise you, it will end up mattering to the uninformed person who thinks they know something. Ah, but sudo apt-get cal brings up virtually all the apps I need. I sometimes think I know Python/NumPy, but then I see Travis' company projects and I'm blown away. Good work, Continuum Analytics! I know it's too much to ask, but I would love for them to not collect data at all. In my offline life I don't have a central authority suggesting businesses to like or informing me of what's going on in my friend's life. I'm sure people could manage without this in an online life. I agree. I guess I'm an idealist when it comes to the online sphere. I have high hopes for Diaspora and similar entities. I too find Unity unwieldy. I discovered alt+~ yesterday, which allows switching among local file windows--that was a huge slowdown for me! Fair enough. I miss my CompizFusion window switchers too (as the default). I think that's the problem I have. I don't care about a pretty desktop, I care more about functionality. Ingrained muscle memory is hard to change -- if alt+tab was the standard for 15 years, why should it be shifted? Similar little issues plague my Unity usage, not even to mention the lack of default configurability. If I want the right side or bottom of my screen to be the dock, it should be so. Instead I'm stuck with having the left side of my right screen being where I make an attempt to find the dock. Unacceptable, in my view. Shifting paradigms require buy-in, and Unity just doesn't have it from me yet. Before Unity, iirc, alt+tab default behavior switched between windows, regardless of program groupings (e.g. Thunderbird compose message and main windows). > For what it's worth, Apple's been grouping windows by application, GNOME now does it, elementary OS does it, Android/iOS/WP7 arguably do it. Honestly, Windows and KDE(?} are the only modern DE that don't do it. I'm not saying that makes it de-facto right or that you must accept it at all though. Fair enough. For now I run OpenBox with Tint2. It's quite minimal, but it does everything I need for a GUI at present. My poor wife on our home computer though... :D She's pretty techie but still Unity is a hard sell for her. Perhaps Ubuntu could have a "Developer's Build" that includes Unity and other goodies as default, and a "Consumer Build" that defaults to Gnome Classic with many configurability options. Just throwing that out there. Someone mentioned that any question asked in a headline has an answer: "no". Thus, I propose the headline should read "Will Facebook Avoid MySpace's fate?" AKA, the new horse-and-buggy So, what's next? Will the world start buying computers and phones without webcams? Seems like stories concerning malevolent webcam usage comes up about every six months. Because they have a clear Republican tilt. Don't forget Engadget to that list, as today's editorial (posted earlier) shows. I agree with some of your analysis. Note though, as far as my reading in the literature on this subject, empirically predatory pricing hasn't been viable in the long run. *I'm a PhD candidate studying this very topic. So... peeing in Mason jars is a sign of paranoia? This is a fairly solid overview: http://works.bepress.com/aaron_edlin/74/ Basically what falls apart is that once the predation period is over, the predator can't block other firms from entering. I'm not sure "mass" is the appropriate collective term for habits. Perhaps "collection" serves better here. I'm more than my habits, Aristotle aside. I'm an economist and a programmer and a father. The last causes disruptive change to habits more often than not. Hah! Reminds me: it's turtles all the way down, and chances are one of them is a teenage ninja. I'd vote for him, if only to increase basic research stock and funding. I'm not sure his social and foreign policies would be apt, however, given his academic veneer he takes to the written-about issue. I think this is a case for continuing the current course. By that, I mean that these obvious missing issues of Apple would be fixed in the next revision if a large plurality of websites did not display well. I doubt the websites themselves would be affected in the long term, however. Of course, I base this behavior analysis on a sample of one (my apologies to the staticians out there). > Some mobile sites are great, but only a very small minority. Indeed! Wikipedia is a thorn in my side when browsing with an iPod. Hey Benny, I couldn't comment on your comment directly because you're in ban hell. But I get what you're saying. "Son, you will NOT use this software for evil. The LAW won't let ya!" /s Is this _really_ a big deal? I don't think it's set up like that. The functionality was intended to be single player from the get go (with MMO functionality tacked on), but I haven't played it much since it's official release. You know, I have a mathematics and economics background. I love coming across CS/Applied Math gems like this. In my daily work I never even consider the computational consequences of resorting. Love it. You know, sometimes there just needs to be a match to light the fire. Supposedly (but indeterminately) Clark Gable wearing no undershirt drove undershirt sales down 75%[0] I reckon an episode Modern Family or Community where this type of toilet/bidet is a positive driver of the comedy would bring in a lot of sales for bidets. [0] http://www.snopes.com/movies/actors/gable1.asp This is an excellent example of circular reasoning, as I see it. "More mannered people are more mannered because they do not do things I consider ill-mannered." A fart is a fart. Go to southeast Asia, it's still just a fart that people laugh at. Go to Europe and fart and now leave a bad impressions due to culture? I see which is the optimal setup for practicality and sanity. Wind farms, as with solar farms and nuclear energy, have large up-front fixed costs and negligible marginal production costs. If the wind-farm produced _only_ 1 hours worth of energy, then $3.00 per watt would be spot on, as I understand it. Likely the wind-farm will operate a number of years. Let's suppose it produces at 10% capacity for 20 years. That would be equivalent to 100% capacity for 2 years, which would be 50 MW/h * 24 hour/days * 365 days/year * 2 years = 876,000 MW/h So now you have $50 Mill/ 876,000 = $57.08 per MW/h, or $5.7088*10^-5 cents per watt/hour. Now, suppose the capacity is larger or the time lasts longer. The cents continue to fall per watt/hour Thank goodness for beneficial tax policies that encourage investment in future technologies! Tradition. Same reason we use centralized banks and sovereign currency instead of bit-coin and other independent currencies, or miles per gallon instead of gallons per mile. Ach, just realized they invested $75 Million, not $50 Million. Scale up by 50% :D I assume he means economic profitability, in the which case factors such as the utility of future generations is included. I disagree with the sentiment. Wind energy has been enormously beneficial at pumping water for a few millenia now. Yep[0]. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_unintended_consequences Indeed. The inefficiencies are indecent enough to make an economist blush. This piece is interesting as a side defense of the original article's outlandish claims. Predatory pricing is unsustainable in the long run. Runs choppy for me. What can I do? I think you forgot to include "trolololo" in your comment. How exciting! Can't wait to find out what it is. On a side note, what are y'all's thoughts on the finding that radiation levels are livable? I'd love to live on Mars. Because he is clearly a troll? EDIT: too much internet for the day, I've now started responding to myself. In all honesty: such a place exists? Lawsuits against bureaucratic offices is a good place to start. I wonder how much royalty-free software they use that has methods patented by someone else? Sure, but it defeats the purpose of what the patent is getting at--rewarding an inventor and innovator for creativity in application of new principles. The whole intent of a patent is to give the holder a monopoly on the technology for a given time period so as to encourage innovation. The other shoe is a trade secret--publishing trade secrets would ensure literally no economic rents to the innovator. Probably a better set of reforms that would solve a host of problems: * 5 year patent length limit * Nontransferability of patent (can't sell IP, say) * No software patents. If it's written in code, get a copyright. Instead of sheep (which apparently require a lot of contact)--how many emu farms in the US have gone bankrupt recently? Yet another reason I want to move to NZ. The article title is off--the article seems to focus more on a woman not wanting to be domestic as being totally normal, but doing or being so is not accepted in American society. They miss the opposite stigma, which I've noticed--being a young mother who wants to be domestic is often pooh poohed on. I have the same setup and have had no issues. Do you have local storage on? 3d printing. I must have been very tired when I wrote this. It could, but I thought the question was more "what's the next big trend/killer app in smartphone tech" I'm surprised Microsoft's actions regarding boot loading are legal. They're clearly economically inefficient by forcing an association of platform and preventing multihoming. What is the pay rate for someone who knows far, far more statistics than this, and can communicate at a coherent level? I'd love to correspond. ABD econ here, still in the grad game for another year. Ping me if you're interested. I agree with this sentiment. I say good on Google. They've found a legal loophole that allows them to use their funds more efficiently. You're conflating the use of the word public here. Public corporation: open to any old Joe or Jane that wants to become a shareholder. Public interest: needs of a society. Walmart, Google, etc. should not have to pay for lighthouses or sewer connections down a street, nor a legislator's fact-finding trip to Shanghai. What infrastructure are they using? They pay their access fee for fiber networks, surely. As they are paying for all utilities. Should police/military funding be used to protect corporations or citizens? Are citizens paying it with take home salary? Google could hire their own private military, likely for less than the tax burden you're implying they should pay. Could a corporation exist without the implementation of state law? What is a corporation if not a group of people working within a hierarchy? I also agree with this sentiment. Then don't host hackathons! :D I believe just pointing out costs is a false measure. What is the expected wage/cost ratio, and how does THIS measure compare? Hah! Fantastic! This should be entertaining, if nothing else. Nolan seems to bring a complement of actors between projects (e.g. Inception vs. Batman trilogy). Will be interesting to see if he continues this trend. In addition to klochner's comment, this is why economists rely on exogenous variation. Any applied econometrician worth his or her salt would not say "the gas pedal has no effect", but that the data doesn't rule out the hypothesis that it does. Bah. I refuse to allow language to advance beyond that which I learned in the sixth grade! Doesn't pass my smell test either. I suspect perhaps there are some jiggered parameters in the model. There would be an impact on users, I assure you. Just not directly predictable. Join us on Google+ -- it's like the Python of social networks. http://xkcd.com/353/ I'm not sure I follow. Ex ante the models were unknown as to their performance? There is a way to fix this madness http://www.facebook.com/help/224562897555674 Indeed. I used arandr to make an xrandr script that runs at login. Works beautifully. Xrandr is a great program to know, especially if you use projectors a lot. There is a way to fix this madness. http://www.facebook.com/help/224562897555674 A tip: http://lifehacker.com/5856986/use-your-floor-mats-for-tracti... Always know your resources available! My thoughts exactly I'm sorry, I don't really understand what you said, but you piqued my interest. What do you mean by "suspect"? What are swaps? What is under $50? What kind of content do they have? How exciting! Now to figure out how to install this. I'm not sure i understand how one could actually place phone calls with this. Because chances are four of them are teenaged ninjas? I think this sums it up nicely: http://codepad.org/H7quTJlE Could easily be rewritten to say "will Scientists avoid moving to Python3 I figured it was just one guy who is so awful. It's more than one person? Interesting. Many places, being together that long is known as a common-law marriage. This is a law I could get behind. People regularly go 15 MPH over where I live--which is unsafe on the specific road I have in mind. The road is not a personal time transport no matter how late you are! You ever hear of Horn from Horn & Johnson fame (Matrix Analysis)? Guy had a 9-5 for years and researched at nights in his home office. That would be my ideal setup, I think. > If you consider the sheer number of hours I tend to spend on my dissertation work compared to the stipend I get, I'm paid criminally less than minimum wage. That may be so. Are you familiar with the concept of a wage being equivalent to the marginal product of labor (or value of last hour worked)? :). I'm with you. I'm working on my dissertation at the moment. Should I be credulous about this? I've seen Indian newspapers report some pretty odd things. Ah, I stand corrected. I thought this was to be a manned mission. It is late in my neck of the woods. Could one write a preemptive rootkit that sniffs for other rootkits? Would that slow things down incredibly? Don't worry, I agree with you. So an Ubuntu phone? It appears a lot of people talk about what it takes to make a successful startup and the like. Reading through this today just reminded me of the fight many startup entrepreneurs take every day. Huh. It really makes no sense why I posted this after the title change. What gives? Yeah! He even refers to the "critics" as such, those on the outside of the arena. Oh dear... What should everyone do instead? And who will then write code if no one learns? Huff! Puff! That's antilogic because I disagree! /s I've always seen debate as the fundamental principle of advancing science (and have no idea what Popper may think on the subject). I wonder if people are worried about the US austerity measures? --am an economist, and am curious as you to see what will happen Costco is still subject to economic reality. They make money by reducing overhead as much as possible and exercising monopsony power over brands (Walmart does this also for certain vendors). I haven't looked enough into the issue to answer decisively, but I suspect they probably can't cut much more than they already have, unless their food is a cost center. No, I was referring to the so-called "sequester" that took place around that comment's day. How are confounding factors such as more children + crowd diseases accounted or? How would fossilization occur in space? I was under the impression that water carried down calcium compounds which replaced bone structure/other molecular structures. Would not the fossil have to be there as the rock becomes ejecta from some source? I guess its possible ... http://www.esa.int/Our_Activities/Space_Science/Universe_con... Says there is 1.5 times more calcium than we thought before. How is Trello used, exactly? I've not seen it before. Save state in a VM? As someone outside the valley (but a fellow traveler on HN), this attitude of "personal brand" has always confused me. Are the problems being worked on so hard that genius defeats competition? In essence, are the incentives for people in Silicon Valley so misaligned that a person can open numerous unsuccessful companies and still have a positive brand? When you say for builders to shut up, find a customer, and build--isn't that what was being done before? If so, how could this incentive setup of serial failure being rewarded be avoided? > very, very close Why do you think this? What are the signals you're seeing? My experience in third world countries are that blacksmiths and, more commonly, ferriers are set for life (though not set greatly); this is because of the ability to customize things to specific needs. I guess in the US this would be the equivalent of a machining shop? Would you mind elaborating why you think App.net thinks too small, and where the market disruption is indicated by how Google Reader collapsed? Understand that I primarily stare at a shell most of the day, so I'm not completely savvy on newer startups. Google Reader shutting down just made me check out newsbeuter sooner rather than later :). App.net just seems like a Twitter competitor with longer strings; what do you see? Agreed. How can I help? I've seen this same "solution" posted 3 times now to HN (forgive me not back-linking). Every one relies on WINE in some form, and every single one is choppy for me despite a lot of customization. I'm not sure where to go with it. This is actually the specific solution to which I'm referring. I get major choppiness. Ah, so an oligopolist. I see a number of people agreeing that this is a major overreaction. Are any of y'all willing to hire (or even interview) the man that got fired? I think that would be the action that would show independent thought on the matter. Until then, I'm not sure what a concord on this action would bring beyond posturing. I hate to point this out, because I totally agree with the point people are making. If I were in a position to interview the man (and had the need), I'd probably do so. Anyway, my two cents. You made me chuckle. Thanks for that :) I thought Linux avoids malware by both unpopularity and security features? If it suddenly has a global market share of 20%, what then? I'm not, and I use Ubuntu. I'd love a good tutorial to start learning about it. Depends on the costs involved. Network externalities are a killer. I certainly think there is room for a culling in higher education. Many of the current paths are unsustainable. When times were somewhat simpler, "higher education" consisted of medical, theological, and philosophical degrees. Recent trends have introduced a wide variety of specialization; yet demand for interdisciplinarian ability is high as well. The question I feel it comes down to -- does every university in the world need to offer a degree in Art History, or can that be pared down to be more efficient? > Over time I become more and more convinced that the market doesn't produce (much) real innovation. This is something I've researched a bit in the past. It ends up being a case of semantics. The market produces plenty of innovation but not much basic research; whether it encourages invention is ambiguous. These three terms (innovation, invention, discovery) are well-defined in the academic literature; typically innovation is the only act of progress that can be monetized. Innovation occurs both on a technical level (hey, this transistor doo-hickey can be put in microchips!) and procedural (hey, organizing in an assembly line increases the speed with which we can make model T's!). Invention is creating something new from known principles, innovation is applying an invention, and discovery is finding previously unknown principles. While I've heard much about them, I have yet to try out Google glasses. So the innovation is still on the horizon from my perspective. Interesting. It doesn't render on an iPad with Chrome, but does render in the header. Weird. I completely understand your example, and don't really follow RW's example. Thank you for clarifying. How would someone go about compiling this? (More looking for resource/tutorial, running Ubuntu). What is D3.js? Sure, this is a flaw if one only uses bitcoins. As far as I know, there is nothing stopping alternate, new competitors using the same algorithm. So bitcoins run out and everyone hoards? Start a new currency. A smart implementation can overcome the network effect/firstmover advantage of bitcoin. Then people trade between the currencies, and hoarding ceases to be as much of a problem. Dr. Who--does Amazon Prime update more frequently than Netflix? Austinite here. East of I35 is commonly known as the "wrong side of the tracks". If Austin is wiring up for business and residential focus, they'll do west, some limited up north, downtown, and down Congress Avenue & First Avenue. They might extend to the west of MoPac (Loop 1, follows the old Missouri-Pacific line) but I'm not sure that the neighborhoods there are officially part of Austin or incorporated as a small suburb community. It's going to be awesome . Austin is growing like crazy. Lived in both Austin and North Dallas. Compared to Austin traffic, Dallas is a parking lot. Austin has random spouts of traffic and a plethora of backroads. Dallas, the side highways are the backroads. Beltline Road would be backed up from 6 AM to 2 AM daily. Awful, awful traffic. We tried to go from Dallas to Plano one time on a weekday at 4:30. Took 3 hours for a 15-20 mile trip. Nuts to that. Know any donors? I'd love to be involved in a project like this. I wonder if the Wikimedia foundation would be interested--that would do a lot to get over the network effect advantages JSTOR and Elsevier already have. Additionally, I think that until academic publishing has a standard browser-based solution (MathML, MathJax + Pandoc + LaTeX) outside of PDF that the costs will be prohibitively expensive. I know a guy. Shoot me an email, let me know what tech you know, and I'll chat with him to see if he's interested. There seems to be a world of difference between "not-for-profit" and "non-profit" in the ways we are imagining open-access. JSTOR is not a publisher--agreed. They are, however, a central repository who charges an arm and a leg for research that, often, has been funded on the taxpayer's dime. Redbud Trail is great. Other than that, yeah, you're going to fight traffic. In addition, I'd run it up 360. In my understanding there are a number of tech businesses/business parks out that way. I'd be surprised if they go as far north as Wells Branch, though the infrastructure along the rail line leading along MoPaC is certainly available. I work with what I know. Sorry for the misidentification. Some friends of mine just north of Lady Bird Lake had their door kicked in a few months back by a few neighborhood kids. My opinion of the area was informed by old history and that incident. Indeed. I often find myself wishing there were an "Economist Hacker News" of sorts. EJMR is the closest thing to HN for economists, and it's trash. Well now I'm looking forward to the book. I greatly appreciate Julian Assange's views, even if his approach runs afoul of the law. I'm not sure that's true. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_punishment_in_the_Commo... How does Ruby scale? - Not-a-Rubyista I wonder if the comment period is just another part of security theater, given the LATimes is showing a lot of pre-established counter arguments to claims. Neat! I showed this to my wife (she is learning JS for fun). We were both really impressed. > What we _really_ need, that we _don't_ have a way to do right now -- is signal the browser to _prompt_ the user as to whether it should be saved or displayed in-browser Like "right-click and save-as"? I personally don't mind the small choice I get to make when downloading a file. I don't follow? There is always nano. I use ST2 when working on large, involved python projects or latex files. If I have a small file, vim or nano is sufficient to pound out the changes. Am I understanding this correctly, that a quantum internet prototype has been in operation with at least the same level of performance as modern networks? This is fantastic! I've no experience with networking. How complex is it to incorporate routing? This would be a good time for Adobe to open source it, right? So it can be ported to Linux and live forever? I thought PS and Illustrator were terrible tools in the competency domain of Fireworks? I don't mean to threadjack. I'm curious what apps you've put out. I'm a sound neophyte, occasionally play with Audacity, but interested in doing more advanced stuff. I just wanted to point out that I'd love to see any technical blogs/howtos you may have put together, or any top notch stuff you may have come across. Thanks! /threadjack Who is Aaron Greenspan? Does this mean I'll need to leave pidgin/finch? No pico/nano love? Just kidding, I've only used it in dire emergencies too. I like the concept. I'd be willing to contribute though if it deflated and folded up small instead. I don't mind inflating an air mattress. I certainly agree Mojang has done some cool stuff, but they'll need to step up their game significantly if they're going to be "the next Nintendo". Lulz may be brief, but it is hardly clear. Is volume right? I thought if I double a 3d object it's volume increases 2^3? Wait--there is a debate here? I'm wholly unfamiliar with js -- which is better, and what is the debate? I misread that. Thanks! > You can't represent cost:threat ratio as dollars per person tracked Sure you can. If you're only using the program to track 300 people, the average cost is the total cost divided by 300. As you point out, there is a very small risk of dying from a terrorist plot is low. So if we're spending so much money and only tracking 300 people, there is clearly a problem. Can a person still fly charter if they are on the no-fly list? This is refreshing. I love economic arguments. Does software like Adobe's typically show increasing returns to scale though? They might do better to open a GIMP shop, and hire other students who do GIMP. Why do graphic designers need to only be employees? While you've shared some pretty good articles, this one just seems like inflammatory linkbait. This is not a moral gray area. The NSA is the government breaking its laws, throwing off its checks, and establishing tyranny. The other issues that have been brought up in this thread (gay rights, abortion) are pittances as a people we humbly request of the government. Granted. However, the actions of the however-characterized NSA is where there is little moral gray area. I'm okay with so long as we leave DRM at the door--or make it the boss to beat. The phrase you're looking is diminishing marginal returns. You hit the behavioral nail on the head with this analysis!