I wonder if, one day, people will realize that none of this stuff really matters. Write and comment your code clearly, think your designs through, and comply with your team's conventions so that people know what to expect. None of this stuff (TDD, TAD, XP, Agile, whatever) is computer science. None of it is science period . They're all essentially shamanistic rituals which "work" by giving you a direction so that you can start writing code. If you find a methodology works for you, great! Use it! But all this squabbling about the one true path is nonsense. Sure, having an organization strategy is a good plan, and I didn't mean to imply otherwise. The problem I have is with people claiming that their way is the "right" way without having any legitimate scientific backing for the claim. Then go to the preferences and uncheck "Enable phishing and malware protection". There's no censorship here. They analyze the file and tell you if they think it's malicious. You are free to do with that information as you will. > Even though images like "13yearoldinabikini.jpg" are legal, they are almost certainly scraped from some unsuspecting teenager's Facebook album. Can you explain what you mean by "predatory"? I understand that it gives you the heeby jeebies. But what predation is taking place? In point of fact, nothing under discussion here is child porn. Child porn implies porn , and none of this was porn. >Today we are adding another rule: No suggestive or sexual content featuring minors. It's good to see that smut like Romeo and Juliet is no longer welcome on reddit. Yes, but it's an Apple with multiline lambdas vs. an Orange with only single-line lambdas. > which isn't really a viable point on a website It's a viable point on a website like reddit, which built its community on a no-censorship basis. They're free to do with their business as they like, but I'm free to feel betrayed when they do. >You feel betrayed when a site like reddit says that child porn is bad No, I feel betrayed when reddit, a community that grew because it did not limit expression that was within the law, bans "suggestive or sexual content featuring minors", which is way, way broader than child porn - an umbrella so broad that it even covers news stories about sexual abuse. >but I'd be willing to bet everything that you have a facebook account which sells you, your likeness and your personal data and you couldn't give a shit when they alter their privacy policies. I do have a facebook account, and the fact that I do give a shit about its privacy policies is why I basically use it when there's no other way to get in touch with someone. This is, of course, utterly irrelevant. Why are you even bringing it up? Two things: 1. They're not at all powerless to prevent it. 2. I don't see the attack here. The idea of a man masturbating over an image taken from an underage girl's facebook may give you the willies, but it doesn't actually hurt anyone. Virtually none of the crucial citations on that source seem very reputable; just lots of links to pop-psychology sources, and links to the authors' own books. Very sketchy. There was nothing illegal on them. All of them were very careful to make sure of that. Well see the problem is that we're not all smarter than we think. The Dunning-Kruger effect means that some of us think we're much smarter than we actually are. Unfortunately, 99% of the code out there seems to be written by people in this latter category. I disagree that the Dost Test even applies to those images. These were not "nude or seminude" images in the first place. They were, at most, girls in bikinis. These subreddits specifically did not allow semi-nudity. > There's nothing unreasonable about stating in your TOS that you can't have a subreddit the very existence of which breaks the law. That's not what they did. What they did was to say that suggestive content featuring minors is prohibited. I feel like a broken record, but I guess I need to keep reiterating this: Romeo and Juliet is suggestive content featuring minors. > You could download kiddie porn on /r/jailbait No you couldn't. Nothing pornographic or illegal was ever allowed on /r/jailbait. It might have gotten posted a few times, but the submitters would have been banned. > Dan Lyons suggests that my defending Path on this issue means, because we’re an investor, that we’re a paid apologist (and much worse). Seems to me that Lyons was suggesting that Arrington was a paid apologist on the basis of the less-than-full complement of scruples and moral fiber Arrington has exhibited in the past. You do in fact seem to be correct on that point. However, I do not think that your assertion about most of the images failing the Dost test is correct, or that you have adequate evidence to make such an assertion. I also don't think, if it were true, that that would call for a new, sweeping policy. The rule merely needs to be "nothing illegal", and then that rule needs to be enforced. "Suggestive content featuring minors" is just insanely broad. >However, that's not how it's been enforced, and I don't see the admins using it to remove those things This is a new rule. There is no "how it's been enforced". But if that really is the only rule needed, then that should be very easy to add to a linter. JS's syntax is influenced by C via its pretensions of being somehow related to Java, but I think it's a stretch to call it a "C-based language". That use of `with` makes me squeamish as hell. Also, on the topic of the "eta" function, it's odd that the author seems unaware of existing implementations of `bind`. That is very well put. It is a shame that JS got its scoping so very upside-down, because it means that tiny changes in code can cause incredibly confusing and initially undetectable bugs. `with` is basically an infected bandaid on a broken system. It seems like it's helping until you notice the smell. I think the really important point here is that readers need to understand that an encyclopedia is a record of academic consensus rather than a compendium of solid facts. The former is a useful but imperfect tool. The latter is an impossible ideal to strive for which will inevitably result in something less reliable than the former. >He needs to gather academic weight on his side. If he's correct then it should be fairly easy to accomplish. Well, not necessarily. Unfortunately consensus is hard to change, even if it's wrong. But you still have to try. If everyone who thought the consensus was wrong edited Wikipedia to reflect their opinion, the result would be a less accurate encyclopedia. > There are, of course, merits to both camps’ arguments, but, as with all things, reality tends to live somewhere in the middle. This fallacy is called "argument to moderation". A lot of the insecurity you mention is known as "impostor syndrome": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impostor_syndrome Basically, you know enough to see the gaps in your own knowledge, but you can't so easily see the gaps in others' knowledge. Edit: Actually it looks like I may be mistaken about this. There is some confusion in the press currently about whether a paid developer program will be required for obtaining signing keys. If not, this is only a minor encroachment of control. > This is a preference in system preferences that is pretty easy to change. That doesn't matter. It means that if I want people to use my software, I will now have no choice but to join Apple's $99/year Mac Developer program. Time to port to Linux/Windows. I wish Google would just embrace CoffeeScript instead of this. It's a prettier language, and already solves many of the problems Dart is concerned with. If you look at the stated design goals for Dart: http://www.dartlang.org/docs/technical-overview/index.html#g... Performance is a design goal, but it is not given as the primary goal. Of course, a cynical observer might say that the real primary goal of Dart is to give Chrome an artificial performance advantage over competing browsers, since that will be, at the very least, an initial effect if Google succeeds in promoting its adoption. Yes, as I noted in my edit, there seems to be some confusion about this in the media. Some sources are saying that you will have to be a member of the Mac Developer Program (which costs $99/year), while others are saying the signing service is free of charge. Here's Apple's own page on the matter: http://www.apple.com/macosx/mountain-lion/security.html > Apple wants to help you steer clear of malware even when you download applications from places other than the Mac App Store. That’s why Apple created the Developer ID. As part of the Mac Developer Program, Apple gives developers a unique Developer ID for signing their apps. This seems strongly to imply that a Mac Developer Program membership is required for code signing. I very much hope that their phrasing is merely imprecise, and if not, that they will change their minds and provide free signing. I love OS X as a development program, but I will leave it behind if they start down this path. > Google doesn't care if Chrome is perceived as faster. I think that's rather unlikely. Look at the five design goals of Dart: http://www.dartlang.org/docs/technical-overview/index.html#g... Of those five, the only one that CoffeeScript doesn't emphasize is "high performance/fast startup", which basically can't be a goal for a language without its own VM or JIT. It seems to me that focusing on adding this one emphasis to CoffeeScript would make a lot more sense than making yet another not-exactly-Java. > (well, apart from google being default search provider) That's a rather significant difference, you know. But control over a given user's browser has incredible potential value for Google. Controlling both client and server means that you no longer have to sacrifice performance in the name of standards compliance (so long as you have a standards-compliant fallback mode for other browsers). What that means if you're Google is that a visitor using Chrome can 1) cost you fewer resources, and 2) walk away with a smoother, more satisfying experience. Does Google currently take much advantage of this potential? I can't say for sure. But we are talking about a company that omits the on its homepage in the name of performance. Chrome does this, but IE does not. That alone means that a much higher proportion of Chrome users will use Google than IE users. Then factor in the relative name recognition for the two search engines... > Who gives a fuck about the $100? FOSS and freeware developers, I imagine. >You're building apps on a $1700 laptop while sipping a $6 coffee in your $2000/month apartment, for fuck's sake. Sorry, no I'm not. I'm scraping by on a laptop that cost $1100 when I bought it six years ago. My living situation is... let's just say that you're just a tad north of reality. I was making an OK living off of some shareware I wrote until Apple pulled the rug out from under its smaller developers with last year's App Store transition. $100 is not a hardship, but it is a significant chunk of change. Now, with that all out of the way, that's not actually the point. The point is what this does to people just starting out. Consider how much free/cheap software there is out there because somebody took their little weekend project and decided to pop it up on the web. Now consider what proportion of those people are going to take that leap if they have to pay a hundred bucks for practically anyone to be able to use it. Do you think any of them will be willing to put it out there for free under those conditions? > Those aren't the kinds of problems that CoffeeScript purports to address at all. Right. I think Dart's general goals are good, but I think they're wrong about how to go about it. I don't think most of the "problems" they enumerate are actually the obstacles that prevent their listed goals from being achieved. I think they are things that bother programmers whose thinking has been infected by too much Java. > Why would it be an "artificial" advantage? If Google successfully gets people to adopt Dart, but other browsers rely on JS cross compilation while Chrome has a dedicated VM, then there will be a period during which Chrome has an artificial advantage. This is a virtual certainty. Dart might also have real advantages, and those would be enjoyed by all once other browsers provided fast implementations. But initially, Chrome would enjoy an artificial advantage even if Dart was actually worse by design than JavaScript, so long as they could get a significant chunk of web developers to adopt it. My point is that getting people to adopt a technology that your product pioneers confers on you a market advantage independent of the actual merits of that technology. > Also, not quite correct, as far as I'm concerned. How far are you concerned? You might be surprised at how much programming you can do in a day if you work on two or more different kinds of projects. Shifting gears can be difficult, but taking a break from one project to work on a side project can actually let you recharge a bit for the main project. Mental fatigue is not just a function of effort. It's also a function of monotony. I really don't find that convincing at all. Default arguments are one of the most effective ways of removing boilerplate and making code easier to read and write. Bad programmers will be bad programmers no matter what, and copy/pasted code that the coder doesn't understand will be fragile or broken no matter what. The problem with this reasoning is contained in this: > to force programmers to consider the API and the values they are passing for each argument rather than silently accepting defaults they may not be aware of. All you will force poor coders to do will be to fudge the arguments until the code "works". This is actually worse than the default arguments scenario, because the defaults are more likely to be acceptable than the first value the coder stumbles upon that makes the function go. It can be improved by replacing "ruining your life" with something more concrete: If you're driving to work and you see a crowd of velociraptors just past the next exit, you don't change lanes to avoid them – you get off the damned highway. Referencing existing code is one thing. Copy/pasting that code, or writing new code based on it, without actually looking at the documentation to know what you're doing, is another thing entirely. I am always suspicious of advice based on studies of "what successful people do" because there is a high potential for false causality, and for inapplicability to other people's lives. I suspect that many of these habits of successful people are simply side effects of the way that their minds work, and that they may not work for someone whose mind works differently. Ripe bananas are yellow, but painting a green banana yellow does not ripen it. I will speculate as to how it might be that being successful is correlated with looking forward, even if that is not an inherent fact: the "to-do list" is a familiar, well-known concept, while the "done list" is not. So if you're motivated by the future, you have a ready-made tool that will make you more successful. If you're motivated by your recent accomplishments, you have no such tool - and you may even make things worse by using a future-motivating tool that is not effective for you. Like I said, this is speculation and hypothesis. But I will say from experience that it is often the case that person A has a habit that seems effective, and person B sees no benefit from adopting that habit. > If you make this parameter have a default, it would be easy to use this function (or read code that uses it) without even realizing that the function can operate in more than one "mode." So? I don't understand what the problem is. The very act of packaging code in a function is one that hides information about what that function does. And suppose you don't provide a default for the `strict` argument. Unless you're using a language with named function arguments (or an approximation thereof like Objective-C), you won't know that the `false` you see in the argument list means "don't use strict" anyway until you read the documentation. And once you're reading the documentation, this all becomes moot. > There is no indication at the call site what mode it is operating in, and indeed if the default value is flipped in the header file the caller could change behavior with no code change at the call site! Yeah, and if you reorder your function parameters, or rename your function, or change the "strict" argument to "lax", or an infinite number of other changes, you would also change behavior with no change at the call site. The solution in each case is "don't do that". Again, the act of packaging code in a function is one that makes it so that changes in behavior can happen independent of the call site. Sometimes it works to your advantage. Sometimes it doesn't. That's just life. > 8 years in prison seems overly harsh though Seriously, it's not like he sold a 4 oz of weed or anything. >You're making a huge assumption here that the way someone's mind works is fixed and unalterable. Well first off, that's not what I meant by my analogy. I was making a point about causality vs. correlation. Secondly people's minds are certainly alterable, but the extent to which they can be altered is not unlimited. Moreover, given a scale with A) altering your mind so that you can adopt someone else's habits, and B) adopting habits which play to your current strengths, it makes more sense to tend toward B when possible. > our culture has come to view death as a medical failure rather than life’s natural conclusion. Death is a medical failure, just like our inability to cure herpes is a medical failure. That there's no way to overcome the failure yet does not imply that it is not a failure. Fear of death is natural and healthy. Death is a bad thing. Arguments otherwise are borne of a desire to rationalize the inevitable. This article really gives the impression that Cuil was a bigger deal than it was. That's a lot of words to express "It's iDisk for Windows." Pretty cool, but I have to hit "return" twice to get a line to execute (but not "enter"). > some kind of bounds Definitely. I can give a lower bound right off the top of my head: twelve. There are at least twelve functionally distinct C programs. It's really coming together. Now if they will just allow autocomplete to search across all open files, my life will be perfect. > If I wake up in the middle of the night and go back to sleep... I feel like ass the next day. If you wake up because you have to, or if you just happen to wake up in the middle of the night naturally? > If you can use a local in-process data-store (sqllite, levelDB, BDB etc) you’ll be winning massively. Hold on just a sec. SQLite? Isn't that essentially equivalent to saying "If you never have to concern yourself with database locking, you'll be winning massively?" How can we be talking about scalability and SQLite in the same article? I have a lot of respect for Thrun, but the online AI class was such an unmitigated disaster. I feel like he and Norvig really needed to work with someone experienced with organizing and producing that kind of project rather than just trying to wing it themselves. Maybe it was just a rough first attempt, but I would be extremely reluctant to take part in another one of his online teaching efforts, or to recommend them to others interested in learning. Well, first off, there was the fact that the "whiteboard" consisted of them writing on notebook paper. Had this been the only shortcoming, it would have been fine, but seriously, there are so many better ways to present something on a computer screen than writing in a notebook under a camera. But what really got under my skin and ultimately caused me to give up on the program were the errors in the videos, and how they were dealt with – namely, by putting some correction text underneath the video on the website. This was annoying and frustrating to try to learn with even for simple errors. But it was ridiculous when the error was a single character change within three lines packed with newly introduced notation. The minimal correct way to handle this would have been simply to overlay a YouTube annotation over the incorrect text. Those would have shown up in full screen mode, and they wouldn't have required students to simultaneously mentally amend what they were watching while juggling new concepts in their heads. I was also not thrilled when newly introduced terminology got thrown around imprecisely in some of the videos, leaving the viewer wondering what these terms actually mean, and what the teacher was actually trying to say. I have no doubt that Thrun and Norvig are great computer scientists. But a great scientist and a good teacher are not often found in the same person. For that person to also be a good video director would have to be a miracle. Well no arguments there. So is your point that small sites should focus on small site performance and not try to optimize prematurely for scalability? Interesting. I'll have to check that out then. If they've really learned from the experience, perhaps we can write AI Class off as a prototype. There's no way I would be able to form a reasonable opinion about an online course given 5 minutes. I had no intention of "belittling" anyone's efforts. A large part of my purpose in posting was to spark a discussion and possibly find out if those efforts have improved. From what people have said, it sounds like they have. So it was by no means a waste of my time to post my comment. I don't know why you decided to be a jerk about it. This is presumably ignoring the battery capable of storing on the order of 10^32 kJ[1]. The steel is really the least of your worries. [1] http://scienceblogs.com/builtonfacts/2009/02/the_physics_of_... The thing is, there is reason to believe that these shortages are exactly what the DEA wants. Shire Pharmaceuticals has convinced the DEA that Vyvanse is the solution to the adderall abuse problem, and the DEA apparently doesn't understand that the American healthcare system simply doesn't allow everybody on generics to switch to an expensive name-brand medication. They're basically trying to manipulate the marketplace in order to force patients to switch to a drug that they expect to be easier to control. Of course, economics aside, Vyvanse is not a drop in replacement for adderall, and many people find it less effective or more prone to side effects. So it's also a good example of a government regulation that isn't in sync with medical science. >That infographic tells the story -- 50% more Iowan children need amphetamines to function as compared to New Yorkers? Why assume that there is overdiagnosis in Iowa rather than underdiagnosis in NY? >and the folks who need it will be fine ...if they have health insurance and Vyvanse works for them. No beds? Am I alone? I would be very interested to see you produce a modern website that way. >I'm also against telling people they have a medical disorder and need to take a recreational drug for it. Why? Do you not believe medical disorders exist, or do you just not think that people should be told when they have them? > And damn right Adderall is a recreational drug So? DXM is a recreational drug, and it is also an effective cough suppressant. Caffeine is a recreational drug and it's also an effective alertness aid. Cannabis is a recreational drug and is also an effective analgesic, helps in the treatment of glaucoma, and relieves nausea. That something can be used recreationally is irrelevant to its medical utility. >Imagine if we would see something like V12 in the future, a JavaScript engine running on nVidia CUDA. For that concept even to make sense, we would have to have massive leaps forward beyond what is currently even believed possible in the realm of auto parallelization. Can you elaborate? > No hours of effort to find good content among the trash. Yes, because there's rarely any good content on in the first place. You're just forced to settle for something mediocre, or not watch TV. Yes, but it could still be legitimately useful. Show me a powerful technology and I'll tell you how it can be misused, but that won't invalidate its potential usefulness. > So the only point in your snark comment was "you will also need javascript". Right. Javascript is not Go or Python. You will need more than those two languages. >Plus, you could even code your javascript in Python, with Pyjamas ;-P Please don't do that. There are actually some really good points here. I was bracing myself for the typical anti-dynamic-typing article that merely confuses dynamic typing and weak typing, but no, these are good points. I will say, however, that weak typing can be used to overcome the first complaint. For example, in Python, if you were to do apply a function that resulted in integer overflow, you would get an automatic conversion to long integers. (The actual example doesn't really apply in this case, since to make that function work at all in Python, you'd have to to make `n` a float, which would fix the problem anyway). Edit: And yes, I know that Python is a strongly typed language, but implicit conversion to long integers is still an example of weak typing. >Use specific names for variables, for example "value", "equals", "data", ... are not valid names for any case. I have to disagree. As parameters to short functions/methods, names like "value" and "data" can be perfectly appropriate, especially if those names correspond to types. > Not that different from using Coffescript It is pretty different from using CoffeeScript. CoffeeScript produces output you wouldn't mind having to work with if you had to switch to JS. PyJamas produces a tangled mess that won't play nice with other JS libraries. > or the Closure Compiler. Yeah, don't do that either. >I wonder what people did before we had all the fancy names though. They suffered, just like people with schizophrenia did back when we believed in visions and demonic possession. >But psychology is not a science. It's extremely subjective. This is about psychiatry, not psychology. Psychiatry is absolutely a science. (And so is psychology, albeit a tricky one.) The whole "secret formula" thing is more of a marketing gimmick than anything. > Letting "integers" silently overflow is weak typing. "Weak typing" is a broad concept, but that's not one of the ideas that it covers. In any case, Python's conversion of integers to long integers is not transparent. It is an actual change to a different type, which is an example of weak typing. > Ogilvy found that, on average, headlines placed below an image are read by 10% more people than headlines above. Since reading the headline is a prerequisite of reading the body copy, you’re losing a potential 10% of your audience if you’re distracting them with an image in the wrong place. Actually, you'd be losing at most about 9% of your audience. I know that's a bit of a nitpick, but it bugs me when people equate "not X% more" with "X% less". Also, to actually lose 9% of your readers to your headline position, you have to make the very optimistic assumption that you're not losing readers to any other factor. It is interesting that people describe their state of mind when placed under very stressful physical conditions as "clear". They go to great lengths to distort their perception of reality, and then extol the "clarity" with which they understand the world. In truth, this is no different from the perceptual alteration afforded by psychotropic drugs, but then again, people ascribe "spiritual clarity" to those experiences as well. Something similar happened to me years ago. They accused me of "click fraud". All I can figure is that a disgruntled reader decided to click repeatedly on my ads to get me in trouble. There really isn't an appeal process. You email them asking for details, and they reply with form letters. They do, but when you file a counter notice, you swear on penalty of perjury that you believe the original notice was filed "in error". IANAL either, but it seems like that means that if you want to take the most expeditious means of getting your content back up, you effectively surrender any recourse to call them on their perjury. It's not a bad start, but a clone of Photoshop it ain't. Yeah, I searched after it happened to me and found a lot of cases, including a couple of angry exes. CoffeeScript is great, but it's pretty important to understand JS in order to use it. They list those under "compound assignment operators", which makes sense given that += and -= are found in all of these languages. It's also worth noting that compound assignment operators do not form expressions in Python. So "i++" in PHP/Perl/Ruby is very different from "i += 1" in Python. It should be very easy to implement geometric hashing in CoffeeScript, which can greatly improve collision performance. That's not N! . N! is (N)(N-1)(N-2)... What you have there is (N)+(N-1)+(N-2)..., which is O(N²) I've heard others give the same argument, but I don't find it very compelling. There's no rule that says that science cannot be applied to purely human endeavors. We would not say that sociology is not a science, even though it is a study of a purely human concept. Science is simply a method of increasing your knowledge of a system. It doesn't matter if that system is the bare physical universe, the chemical interactions within a cell, or the flow of data and logic in a computer program. One unambiguous application of the scientific method to computing is in debugging. Your program behaves unexpectedly – aha! a new phenomenon. The lateral thinking hardware in your brain engages as you tinker around, reproducing the bug and noticing the conditions in which it happens. You gather all of this together with your existing knowledge of the system, and come up with an explanation for the bug – a hypothesis! Then you try to falsify your hypothesis. You might try to falsify it by watching a value in the debugger, for example. Or you might modify your program and see if the bug persists or changes its behavior. You aren't usually recording all of this on paper, because in this case you don't care much about presenting your findings to others. Others will be satisfied if the bug is gone. And of course, you probably aren't thinking of the words "hypothesis" and "experiment". But that's what you did, and that's why you figured out the bug. (On the other hand, some programmers try to debug their programs by poking and picking randomly at their code until they get it working. I would urge them to try adopting a scientific approach. It's not just a way to satisfy a teacher in a chemistry lab, as it turns out.) I don't understand why this is considered superior to using `new`. I guess it's supposed to be less confusing to those who try to use JavaScript without understanding it (and hey, we've all been there), but I don't see how it really helps. It doesn't magically make the newcomer understand prototypal inheritance. Feynman is talking there about things which call themselves science but do not actually correctly follow the scientific method. The distinction between "the scientific method" and "science" is meaningless, and the claim that CS does not qualify as a science because it only deals with something manmade is little more than elitism. Neat, but is it really that impressive? Instead of using an external plugin, the plugin is rolled into the browser. There was no reason to expect that would be difficult. The real difficulty will be getting different browsers to provide reasonably compatible implementations. > So, if we buy a laptop from vendor X, that might be based in some not-fully-democratic country Like, say, the US... Yeah, it's not like we'd be surprised to find out that the NSA, for example, asked hardware manufacturers to include a backdoor for government use. I suppose it doesn't open up much possibility for discussion afterward, but I wasn't intending to troll. I just think we need to remember that we don't have to imagine some undemocratic international threat to understand why these issues are important. > Can you see the LED flash when you press a button? No? Not even the tiniest amount? I used to be able to see it when I was a kid (it looked very faintly red), but I just tried it and couldn't see it at all. That's actually a little bit disturbing. > people aren't saying that "CoffeeScript is a priori somehow wrong or inferior or a bad choice". It may not be the best anti-CoffeeScript argument out there, but it is a pervasive one. The most common objection I've seen to using CoffeeScript is not any actual criticism of the language or of the various overhead created by another layer of abstraction, but simple horse laughs along the lines of "CoffeeScript is a toy. Use a real language." While the stronger arguments should be addressed, like the one against against adding an additional abstraction, I don't think addressing the weaker arguments is "missing the point". I would also argue that even if the abstraction overhead of CoffeeScript proves problematic in the long run, it would still be an excellent tool for writing out a functioning sketch of your project. The individual components can then, if needed, be rewritten in JS. And because of CoffeeScript's golden rule, that's a wonderfully simple process. And the award for most unexpected f-bomb goes to... Publicly supporting anonymous isn't illegal. Things were so much simpler back when transparent colors were always premultiplied. This is fascinating, but I'm not really clear on what role the electron microscope played. Did it just allow them to see where they needed to modify the chips to allow them to dump their ROM? >The above test is using Modern Pictograms and Safari. subpixel-antialiased is too blurry, antialiased is too thin. If anyone can find a goldilocks solution that would be great. Render the whole shebang twice (including the background), once with "subpixel-antialiased", and once with either "antialiased" or "none". The latter should be in a div in front of and aligned with the subpixel version, and with an `opacity` value of your choosing, probably somewhere around 80%. Edit: Maybe closer to 60%. Maximum length is the worst. If I discover that a service enforces a maximum length (besides simple practical limits like, say, 255 characters), I do not use that service if I can avoid it. You know when you see that that you are not dealing with someone who understands security. You've never had lightning take out equipment? I envy you. Few things are worse than hearing a crack, having the lights go out, and then smelling burning circuit boards. I just did this recently. It works great except when the pages you're scraping have JS errors on them. Nintendo's biggest blunder was letting Rare go. Whatever they needed to do to prevent that, it would have been worth it. Really? I was completely undistracted by the fact that I was watching CG. Obviously I was not fooled into thinking that I was watching live action, but that's not what it means to cross the uncanny valley. The point is that you are able to focus on the emotions and expressions of the character you're watching rather than struggling against an urge to warn the others... to protect the children. > It’s not hard to see how tDCS could pose some ethical considerations, though. Only if you're primed by your culture to blanch at transhumanism. > What if some students can afford tDCS kits, but others can’t? What if some students can afford college, computers, calculators, tutoring, study guides, etc. but others can't? This is one of the silliest purported ethical issues I've ever seen, but it consistently gets contemplating nods from those pretending to be wise, so long as we're talking about a new, scary technology, and not a mundane, accepted reality. Well I certainly didn't mean to discount your experience. I was just surprised. Why does Google still seem to love Java so much? The Olympics, while wonderful, are nothing more than entertainment, so the ethical considerations of "should we or should we not do X" are typically pretty much inconsequential. The ramifications of a runner setting a new record are, in the grand scheme of things, pretty much null. The ramifications of the average human being able to learn more in less time are relatively gigantic. So gigantic, in fact, that I think they dwarf what small social-inequity considerations are raised (if it can really be done for a $90 kit right off the bat, then just wait until economies of scale kick in). I don't understand how you can look at a $90 kit and call it "a new privilege granted to the top socioeconomic class". It's not a $400 smartness pill or a million dollar brain upgrade. It's a reusable $90 device that increases the benefits of hard work. I'd certainly expect that to have an impact on social inequality, but not in the direction of increasing it. Right, but that's part of my question. The point of the contest, from Google's perspective, is to discover vulnerabilities so that they can patch them. Allowing teams to find vulnerabilities in code Google doesn't control does not serve that purpose. Do you have a citation for that? I have seen no evidence that Google has any access to Adobe's source code. >I would be curious to see how that -- the graphics and text moving independently -- really works. The text appears to simply be in separate layers which move in from the sides along simple paths and then fade out. Students shouldn't be allowed to post on facebook from school. Beyond that, the schools should keep out of it. What students do when they aren't at school is not the school's concern. > Forests are, in effect, the world's air filters. Actually, the oceans are the world's air filters. Forests are a big proportion if you look only at land, but the Earth is not mostly covered with land. Commentlessness, hundreds of inline JS lines in HTML pages, and magic numbers, oh my! You should do some research before claiming that there isn't evidence for something. If you look at the wikipedia article on tDCS, you'll find a number of peer-reviewed citations regarding its safety and efficacy. I have not had much luck with this kind of strategy in the past, although I did successfully quit reddit by editing my hosts file. I'd love any feedback you have. I haven't focused on performance much yet (although I think I've made reasonable design decisions in general). I think there's some caching I can do on cubic splines which might be beneficial, but I'll obviously need to do some benchmarks to see if they're worthwhile. I can't give any really strong justification, besides to say that C-style constants make me feel warm and safe. My weak justifications are that I find having my constants declared in one place helps me to remember to handle all of them, and that it helps slightly with auto-complete. But there is a good reason in the case of the cubicTension constants: those aren't enums, but actual values. You can put any cubicTension parameter you want between 0 and 1. > hex math for gradients Ooo that's a good idea. Of course, you can use 3D vectors for rgb values to get much the same effect. I definitely want to add more interpolants. The only limitation really is that it has to be possible to do the calculation lazily. As I understand Fourier interpolation, this should be fine with that. I am less familiar with Chebyshev interpolation. I considered naming it that, but ultimately decided that the fact that it's written in CoffeeScript is irrelevant. It's a JavaScript library; it's meant to be used with JavaScript (which of course implies that it's meant to be used with CoffeeScript), but it happens to be written in CoffeeScript. And there is every possibility that it could get rewritten in JavaScript. Or it could be rewritten in something else that compiles to JS, if something comes along to which this task is well-suited. The implementation can change, and the name should remain appropriate. What will not certainly change, however, is the environment in which this is intended to be used. Hope that makes sense. Yes, that's true, but I feel that the nearest neighbor and linear modes are useful even if they do clash slightly with the name. You'll note that the default configuration does, in fact, produce a smooth function. Yes, but "smooth" also has a well defined meaning in everyday language. The word "smooth" is commonly used when talking about splines and interpolation. > I wonder if you have real control over the performance. In general, the mapping between CoffeeScript and JS is so trivial that it's hard to think of places where there could be a lack of control. Of course, if that were ever an issue, CoffeeScript lets you directly embed JS by surrounding it in backticks. I also had a bad gut reaction to CoffeeScript initially, and I won't pretend it doesn't have drawbacks; the powerful, in-browser debugger that it desperately craves still hasn't yet been written, after all. But it really gets right what so many compile-to-javascript languages have gotten wrong in the past. At the very least, it is hands down the easiest way to sketch an idea for JavaScript. I just never end up feeling like I would gain anything significant by porting that sketch to native JS. > For Fourier, given an N-dim vector you would compute the N Fourier coefficients in Nlog(N) time But Nlog(N) only works for certain values of N, right (like powers of two)? I guess for other cases, we could use the clipping method to dictate behavior, but that doesn't feel great. I achieved something similar in bash, in a terminal-agnostic way a while back. I have this script saved at ~/cdf.scpt : https://gist.github.com/2037421 Then my .bash_profile contains the line: alias cdf='cd "`osascript ~/cdf.scpt`"' Now if I type "cdf" in a terminal window, it will automatically cd to the directory of the front-most Finder window. That would make it even more important for customers to leave ISPs who have signed on. I don't see anything about "pair buying" in that article. I'm almost certain that if you and your friend split the cost of a DVD and then make a copy so that you can each have it, both the MPAA and the law see that as simple copyright infringement. > Comcast, Cablevision, Verizon, Time Warner Cable and other bandwidth providers According to the official Copyright Alerts site[1], the only "other bandwidth provider" that has signed on is AT&T. [1] http://www.copyrightinformation.org/about Well, `forEach` being faster than a for loop is more of a newbie misconception I think. It's not an unreasonable assumption, after all. In fact, looking at the `forEach` algorithm[1], it is not even immediately obvious why it would be so much slower than a for loop. It seems that the killer is the membership test[2] at line 44. What I don't really understand is why `i in O`, when O is an array, would be so slow, and furthermore, given that it is that slow, why `forEach` uses it instead of a simple bounds check. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript/Reference/Global... [2]: http://jsperf.com/for-vs-foreach/17 Helium is actually pretty much impossible to contain over long periods of time. That's why running out and buying helium tanks isn't a smart investment, even though it's currently being sold at far below its longterm value; by the time everyone runs out of helium, yours will have leaked away. Of course, in a thin, light vessel suitable for flight, the helium is going to escape much more quickly. I do not know if this would be an issue for a hydrogen balloon. Which includes 100% of freeware, and 99% of weekend "hey let's put this on the net and see if people want it" projects. Both of those things used to be a big part of the Mac software ecosystem, but they're slowly dying away. And if Apple moves forward with its apparent plan to prohibit unsigned code from running by default, while charging $99/year for the privilege of having your code signed, both will be effectively extinct within the next year. I agree. I really think it's practically impossible to be capable of writing CSS and still have difficulty understanding CSS constants. The whole idea of CSS is that instead of declaring your style inline over and over again, you declare it in one place and then apply it to an entire class of layout element. Every concept that is part of "constant" is fundamental to understanding CSS in the first place. It should be. But until there's some competitive pressure for them to do that, they won't. >I see 60TB is the upper bound for 3.5 inch, so not much wrong with the title, is it? Well the problem there is that it's a theoretical upper bound, which is another way of saying "we have not yet found a specific reason that 3.5 inch 60TB drives should be impossible with this technology". That is a far cry from "on their way". A copy-on-write file system still does plenty of rewriting; if it didn't, you'd run out of space before your harddrive was full. It doesn't notice and remove border-radius tags, which made the experience particularly weird. Eliminating the middleman is not the point. Avoiding the negative consequences of having a middleman is the point, and eliminating the middleman is merely a means to that end. If you can be a middleman without (or with fewer of) those negative consequences, then you're working toward the same goal. > Most workloads would take weeks, months, even years to write out 60TB of data Today, yes, but this isn't going to give us 60TB drives today, or even tomorrow. It's going to give us 6TB drives. It might give us 60TB drives at some point down the line, and it would be unwise to make any strong predictions about workloads at indeterminate points in the future. I did not say that iTunes was the answer. I said that a startup that offers inexpensive distribution services to entertainers and artists using this low-price, no-DRM model could be the answer. No, saying that you like chicks is not sexist. Implying that women are for getting beer is sexist. Saying that the presence of hired female staff is a "perk" is sexist. Even if you adapt toward peace, the transhumanist with the giant robot dong might have a reproductive advantage over the guy who opts not to be modified (I am making some pretty broad assumptions about the desires of women, but I think that history will bear them out, and anyway, this is just an example). That said, I don't think maeon3's "genetic transhumanism" view of the future is terribly plausible. Modifying ourselves? Already started. Flexible genetic modifications that can do things like giving us magic laser-scatter-vision? Not plausible. Here's a trick for finding out if something is sexist, which can also help you understand why it's sexist. Replace "women" (and "female" etc.) with "black people" and see if it suddenly sounds incredibly racist. You can also be really sorry, and have an easy time finding the wrong words to say it. It's a shame that being sincere and sounding sincere are so weakly correlated, while our monkey brains have us so convinced that they are strongly correlated. If you do this though, make sure you split at JPEG block boundaries. That means that every column should have a width divisible by 8 except the rightmost, and every row should have a height divisible by 8 except the bottom. Otherwise you may see a noticeable seam. People should really stop trying to have serious conversations on twitter. Something about that website cranks people's IQs and maturity levels down to power-save mode, and nobody ever comes out looking good. I think it's pretty hard to dispute that advertising modeling is objectification. The thing is, objectifying an individual who agrees to be objectified is not a bad thing. What is bad is generalized objectification. In other words, OK: that model is being used as an object for marketing clothing Not OK: women are objects that are fun to look at I can't really agree to the position that sexualized advertising is inherently sexist. But in the case of geek culture, there is a big heap of social context that has to be taken into account that makes it very touchy territory. Discounting based on a source repeatedly shown to be unreliable is not ad hominem; it is proper evidential weighting. It would be bad reasoning to say "because [source] says [claim] and [source] is unreliable, [claim] is probably wrong." But it is correct reasoning to say "[source] says [claim], but [source] is unreliable, so my beliefs about [claim] are virtually unaffected." Edit: of course, if you saw the original video, you should already believe it to be fake. An article from foxnews.com should not change that. And yes, I realize that this is only being reproduced by foxnews.com, and is not their original material. Still, "don't click [unreliable source].com links" is a worthwhile policy to have because the human mind is not very good at tracking sources. Yes, but the difference is that multiplication is a fact about logic, not a contrived interface to obsolete hardware. Multiplication tables do have rhyme and reason to them. We don't memorize our 21-times tables because as soon as we pass 9, we switch to a methodical system with a simple, general system of rules. It is pretty hard to swallow that something developed a hundred and forty years ago for interacting with box of springs and levers is a close-to-optimal text entry system. My point is not that what is old is antiquated. My point is that there were a tremendous number of constraints on the 140-year-old design of the typewriter-style keyboard interface that simply do not exist today. Even if the typewriter's interface were optimal under those constraints it would be very unlikely that it would be optimal once those constraints were lifted. The point is not that "contrived = bad". The point is that a contrived interface can be optimized, while multiplication tables are a fixed part of understanding multiplication in a positional system. On the other hand, you could argue that we could optimize our entire number system for learning by switching to a lower base. And in this sense I do agree that optimizing for ease of learning would be a mistake. If we taught base-3, learning multiplication tables would take one tenth of the time, but actually multiplying numbers would a lot longer. Analogously, I would gladly spend 10 times as long to learn a text entry method if it made me 20% faster in the long run. So I guess what I'm saying is that QWERTY should be replaced not because it's hard to learn, but because it can't possibly be optimally efficient. >In this case, you're suggesting we completely ignore the statement of a source which is known to be unreliable on a particular set of partisan topics, and known to be reliable on non-partisan topics (such as sports scores), when they are addressing a topic within the second category. Perhaps it is not quite right to say that ignoring it completely is "proper evidential weighting". What I mean is that it is a better heuristic than the ones your brain's native evidence-weighing routines will employ. And since it is impossible to completely override those instinctive heuristics, there is some level of credibility below which the best course of action is to simply disregard a source. The fact that we have limited investigative resources further raises that bar. Otherwise, I would have to spend all of my time weighing odds and researching the plausibility of claims gleaned from Prison Planet, during which I could learn much more information about the world by focusing my attention elsewhere. >(The problem with the heavily-downvoted grandparent post is more than mere improper evidential weighting. The larger problem is that it's boring and off-topic. Here on Hacker News, we prefer comments that add value to the discussion.) Well yes, it just bothers me quite a lot when people act like ignoring disreputable sources is some kind of sin against rationality. You could get a bunch of qwerty users/untrained typists and then train them to use randomly assigned keyboard layouts. Once training is complete, you have them type some long piece of text, and then fill out a questionnaire rating various qualitative points like tiredness. Finally, you do a statistical analysis to determine if layouts with more of Dvorak's purportedly beneficial features are correlated with higher comfort ratings. Of course, those features must be rigorously defined beforehand, and you must properly blind yourself when doing the analysis. Apparently not, since this was posted in December. >MIT researchers have shown, for the first time ever, that memories are stored in specific brain cells. By triggering a single neuron, the researchers were able to force the subject to recall a specific memory. By removing this neuron, the subject would lose that memory. That's incredibly poor reasoning. Using the same logic, I can "show, for the first time ever" that C structures are stored in individual memory pointers. This doesn't do one quarter of the things that I need from Photoshop just to get basic work done. I understand your urgency to upset Adobe's monopoly. I too have toyed with ambitions to take on that great juggernaut. But it doesn't do anyone any favors to claim you have a Photoshop-killer when you just don't have anything of the kind yet. As an ambitious in-progress project that isn't ready for prime time, this is a respectable effort. But as "simply the best online image editor" that is claimed to be a "variant" of Photoshop, it's embarrassing. It means "don't submit to authority". The anecdote told in this article makes no sense. The plain "Swiffer Sweeper" product is not used for wiping up spills, but for collecting dry dirt and dust. It wasn't until later that P&G introduced several wet products, which, again, aren't for cleaning up spills, but for getting stains up off the floor after you've used the dry Swiffer Sweeper. As far as I know, there is no circumstance in which it would be appropriate to pull out a Swiffer after spilling a cup of coffee. Perhaps the true story is that Continuum noticed that people don't use mops to clean up wet spills, so they made something for cleaning dry floors? Yes but what I'm saying is that takeaway is probably not true, because the original Swiffer isn't a moist paper towel and is not used for cleaning up minor spills. It just doesn't add up. You could say it's just an illustrative anecdote, but I think that illustrative anecdotes lose their power when they are fabricated. You can criticize the Mac Pro for being exceptionally overpriced, or you can criticize macs in general for being difficult to upgrade, but criticizing the Mac Pro for being overpriced and then throwing in that it's also "difficult to upgrade" is just silly. The main advantage of the Mac Pro over other macs is that it isn't difficult to upgrade. > Most of the OOP problems go away if you use more flexible programming languages or paradigms. This is exactly right. Even basic support for first-class functions makes a huge difference. There have been occasional posts around about classic design patterns in JavaScript, and the overwhelming feeling you get when you see most of the implementations is "Yes, but... why? " Well in this case, the conflation of race and culture is virtually a requirement. As far as we know, you can't do much really to bias an aptitude test in terms of biology because there is little correlation between race and biology¹. On the other hand, culture and race are relatively tightly correlated, so if you want to bias an aptitude test with respect to race, the surest way to do it is to bias it with respect to culture. A great example is Jim Crow era voting rules. Black people obviously are not biologically disinclined to be able to read, but in 1900, it was a simple fact of southern American culture that a white person of voting age was less likely to be able to read than a black person of voting age. A black southerner of voting age was usually either a former slave, or the child of a former slave, and slaves did not have access to basic education. So a literacy test was, at that time, a racially biased test. --- ¹ This is unsurprising when you realize, for example, that the combined population we put in the single box of "black" is more genetically diverse than the combined population of all the races we put outside of that box. Even though populations of different specific geographical origins do often have characteristic biological traits, the social concept of "race" is not strongly correlated with geographical origin. Your idea would be much more practical for French than Japanese. Even though there are some changes of word order and grammatical forms in Romance languages that don't directly correspond to English, the differences between English and Japanese seem likely to be irreconcilable into any kind of pidgin dialect. On the other hand, there are far more cognates between English and Japanese. That's true. I was simplifying because even without a grandfather clause, any literacy test would have been racially biased at that time. I would not put much trust in any encryption system whose source code I did not have access to. > this is one of those cases where a Bayesian treatment is conceptually much clearer Is there any other sort of case? I don't see why you wouldn't still call the address "noreply@" and then forward it to support. That way you're making it clear that this isn't really the standard route of communication while taking care of the customers who miss the clue. Nope. AI is a big, complicated field into which tons of man-hours have been poured, and you aren't going to stumble upon the "secret ingredient" with your vague armchair philosophizing about the nature of cognition. Look, for example, at audio compression. The last few decades have seen a lot of progress in this field, which lately has tapered off as most of the low-hanging fruit has already been picked. Now, say I come along with nothing but the most cursory understanding of how sound is encoded digitally, and say "Well, until we figure out how to give a computer the qualitative experience of harmony , I feel that we will never have truly effective audio compression." Would you say I was contributing anything of value to the discussion? Well, I think what happened was that this morning everybody saw that Notch had released the spec, and then about 1% of our ranks said "Hey I bet it would be a fun project to implement this spec in my favorite language! I'll bet that definitely nobody else is going to do this." Then that poor, misguided 1% set to work, and the rest is history. It doesn't seem to me that calling the address "noreply@" adds friction. It does seem to me that calling it "mail@" encourages your customers to put messages into a bin that has to be manually sorted by a person/team with limited resources, which may potentially increase friction. It goes without saying though that regardless of the name, you should still have somebody checking the inbox. This is true, but not all learning experiences need to be shown to the world. I suppose really I only gave half of an explanation though and did not account for how so many of these posts have gotten voted to the front page. I expect it still has to do with "my favorite language" though. I didn't mean to imply that it was. But I think calibwam has a point that there have been a disproportionate number of front-page posts today about these implementations, and it's just kind of odd. The general rule in the US patent system is that mathematical formulas are not patentable, and so neither are algorithms. But a device or system that uses an algorithm is patentable. So they don't patent the algorithm itself, but "a method and system". In other words they're patenting the idea of running the algorithm on a computer. Insane, yes, but upheld by current precedent. I had forgotten about Bilski. Still, if the courts don't listen to a precedent, is it really a precedent? Aren't JIT compilers technically pretty infeasible on iOS anyway because of security restrictions? >Apple apps (like Safari) can obviously do JIT compilation. I hadn't considered this before, but that means that you could potentially use JS as an intermediate representation for other languages in order to leverage Safari's JIT under iOS. Probably too inefficient to be worthwhile for any language that isn't a dialect of JS, but an intriguing concept nonetheless. This is actually an incredibly common practice of Google's, although in most cases they only make off with a few hundred dollars of ad revenue. I personally had it happen to me with a blog. They accused me a of "click fraud", disabled my account, and disappeared with the money they owed me. I did some research and found the same story repeated dozens of times. This has been going on for years. Basically, Google's policies mean that if you don't like a website which uses AdSense for revenue, you can screw over the owner by sitting at their site and repeatedly clicking their ads. Google will see the "fraud", assume it was the site owner doing it, and shut down their account with little to no opportunity for appeal. >The second paragraph seems like something one could test. I do not think it would be ethical to test it directly. But you don't have to search far to find people who have had their accounts crashed by angry exes. You would think, but I think they have always felt that a "tough on crime" mentality was necessary to inspire confidence in advertisers. This is a direct result of the imbalance of clout implicit to the long-tail/short-tail dichotomy of AdSense; Google packages a (relative) many dime-a-dozen content creators into a product (commodified ad space) which they sell to a (relative) few customers (advertisers). In addition, they can bet on content creators seeing the risk as low stakes (even though getting banned from a monopolistic ad network is anything but low stakes), while they can bank on advertisers seeing the risk as high stakes (which it is). A better solution is not to use cost-per-click in the first place, instead relying on metrics that are harder to game, like unique visitors and page views. These are arguably a better reflection of an advertising space's value even without taking click fraud into account. That's what Project Wonderful did, and it has worked out well for some of its users, but its model is also more long-tail/long-tail, which I think hurts its profitability. The reason that page views and unique views are harder to game is that they worth far less individually, while not being correspondingly easier to produce. Say I'm a fraudster with a thousand IPs and a well-anonymized browser. If I'm paid per click, I can easily turn that into a thousand apparently legitimate clicks, which, depending on how I play my cards, could net me a few hundred dollars. By contrast, if I'm paid per unique visitor, I can turn that into a thousand apparently legitimate unique visitors, which will very optimistically pull in maybe $5 (judging by Project Wonderful). Now, neither of those schemes are optimal, but just about any improvement you suggest for the unique visitor model will reap ten times the rewards applied to the per-click model. Consumers are not much hurt by false negatives in fraud detection. Consumers are significantly harmed by false positives because they lose access to ad-supported content. I would still be regularly updating my old blog and entertaining my readers if it were profitable like it was before Google accused me of being a scam artist and shut down my account. I did not say that consumers were not harmed by false negatives. I said they were harmed more by false positives. That is a reasonable point, but I do not think that Google's approach is the best means to forming a credible ad network that enables both marketing and the monetization of free content. A system with better communication, a reasonable appeals process, and some effort to recognize and address problems like third-party sabotage and friends who think they're doing you a favor, would better serve consumers, advertisers, and creators. The problem is that the benefits to Google of such a system don't outweigh the costs. Names aren't exactly unique. Well that's a relief. Now I don't have to feel bad about not turning that idea into a proof of concept. Actually you said that it doesn't matter in which direction the system breaks, which is preposterously false. >Please keep in mind that it's your responsibility to prevent invalid activity from occurring in your account, and this form does not absolve you of that responsibility. Perfect. So it's your responsibility to prevent invalid clicks, even though pretty much any way you can think of to prevent them is explicitly forbidden by the TOS, but if someone does click your ads a bunch of times, let us know so we can steal all the money you've earned in the last month and shut you down. > You're citing Apple as a company that's friendlier and more approachable than Google? When I had App Store review issues, they very politely tried to tell me what I could do to make the ramming less unpleasant. The experience was terrible, don't get me wrong, and they have completely lost what little confidence I, as a developer, had in them, but they were nice and responsive. When my AdSense account was blocked, Google put me in an auto-reply loop, very curtly saying I had no recourse and that they would never give me any additional information. They didn't actually growl the word "criminal" at me, but it was implied. Apple is absolutely friendlier, more approachable, and more reasonable than Google, and yes, that is really saying something about Google. >A given hash uniquely represents a file, or any arbitrary collection of data. At least in theory. It really bothers me when people misuse "in theory" like that. "In theory" means "we have a model that makes good predictions in some circumstances, but there are cases where it may fall short". But a model in which hashes uniquely represent arbitrary collections of data is a model which allows for infinite compressibility of strings. That is not a theory that merely falls short in some edge cases; it is a theory which is hilariously and catastrophically wrong. > It does not allow infinite string compression, because you obviously have to store the original data. Nope. Say you have a hash function `h` which guarantees a unique, 128-bit output for any input. Then `h` is a function which compress any string into 128-bits: If `y = h(x)` then it is trivial for me to write a program that will reconstruct `x` from `y`. I will simply iterate `x` through the possible input strings (which I can do because the set of strings is countable) until I find one that satisfies `h(x) == y`. Impractical, yes, but allowed by the theory, and that means the theory is invalid. Of course they can, but the point is that the time and expense is massively increased. Building a rainbow table to run against each separately salted account is way more work than building a single rainbow table and cross referencing it with a giant list of hashes to find some collisions. In general "as long as the reward justifies the time and expense" can be said about any security measure. Salting has another benefit too: it makes it virtually useless to find a mere password collision . Say, for example that I use two sites, Spacelook and Squitter, which both use a popular hash called SPARTACUS for their passwords. My password on both sites is "abracadabraSpanishFly_92@prosperity;". An attacker gets into Spacelook's database and does a cross reference with their SPARTACUS rainbow table. I happen to be very unlucky and my nice strong password has a SPARTACUS collision with the very short "a2e34". Now the attacker goes to Squitter, puts in my username and "a2e34" and logs in with no problem even though that's not my password . Now, suppose that Spacelook and Squitter had each used a different per-site salt (not good enough, but better) when they hashed my password, and this time suppose the attacker builds a custom rainbow table for Spacelook's salt and finds that my salted password collides with salted "fr-_9x32;". If they go to Squitter and try to log in with "fr-_9x32;", Squitter's use of a different salt will cause it to hash differently than my password, and so only my Spacelook account will have been compromised. "A given hash uniquely represents a file, or any arbitrary collection of data. At least in theory." Signing a petition is a symbolic act that causes you to commit to yourself the idea "I am the sort of person who cares about this issue". Petitions are, at best, only secondarily for influencing the powers that be. They are primarily for influencing the people who sign them. >Is there any evidence to show that signing a petition makes a person more inclined to take additional practical action? Yes, there is some evidence. In Chapter 3 of Influence: Science and Practice , Robert Cialdini discusses this kind of self-image effect, citing several studies including one in particular about petitions[1]. These kinds of "commitments" (even though they are not actually binding) really do affect our behavior, although the end results are not necessarily particularly issue-focused or predictable. One thing we can say though with some certainty: if you convince someone to sign their name to a petition that says "stop X", it will take significant mental effort for them to later decide that they actually support X. [1] http://psycnet.apa.org/journals/psp/4/2/195/ What is? I'm struggling to see how the cargo cult concept applies here. > When you're on the internet, you're engaging in bite-size activities and constant task switching. Sometimes. Sometimes I'm doing one thing and focusing on it. > Quick, how many tabs do you have open right now? Not the greatest metric. When I'm working, I often have like seven tabs open, all about what I'm focused on working on. So why would we assume that "number of tabs" is a better indicator of unfocus when discussing leisure time? > no this, no new, no prototype. Therefore this approach is not only easy, minimalist and elegant but it also works in the most ancient and exotic browsers. You mean ones with broken JS implementations? I get your jab about all JS implementations being somewhat broken (what complex system isn't?), but there's "broken", and then there's "broken to the point of not supporting core language features". Who said that you can't have a little fun? It's just pretty weird to spend more on football than on cancer research. I agree that it's unlikely that medical research is less well funded than sports. I do think it's plausible that "critical" medical research (excluding ailments like small-penis and spring allergies) is less well funded than sports, for some reasonable definition of "critical", but I'd be unwilling to put any money one way or the other without doing a bit more research. I will say, however, that pharmaceutical companies put a tremendous amount of money into researching and marketing treatments for common minor ailments. > When’s the last time you saw an image in a calendar or on a urinal cake and said “Gee whiz! I like that enough that I want to track that artist down and send them money!” Well, I'm not in any business that has much need of the kind of photography you find in a calendar or on a urinal cake. But if I were , then yeah, if I saw a really nice photo in a calendar, I might give the photographer a call. Also, if I were a photographer building a portfolio, I might be happy to have a calendar with my work in it, alongside proof that it was indeed my work. That's not to say that people who want free stuff in exchange for publicity aren't going to overstate the value of that publicity, of course. As a general rule, if someone offers to give you X in exchange for Y, they are probably going to try to get you to think X is worth more than it is, that Y is worth less than it is, or both. I can't help but think that maybe Crockford's plan was to eliminate JS semicolon use all along by sparking a nerd backlash, and that he's a goddamned evil genius. Well, let's not get excited here. I don't think anybody is saying that they think there's some capitalist in a top hat allocating funds, saying "We will put $4B into cancer research to keep the eggheads quiet, and $9B into football to distract and pacify the proles." At least, I hope nobody thinks that. But the point is that when we, as a society, allocate resources this way, it is an indication of pathological economic behavior, and we need to find solutions for that. Apparently harddrives are not completely hermetically sealed for pressure equalization reasons, so you'd have to do some fiddling to submerge them. I'm not clear what the point of submerging the harddrive is though. It's more complicated than that though. A few months back when they removed those features, they used that spin to turn it into some free publicity that made it sound like they were unconventionally responding to their users. Now they're stuck with that lie, which I'm sure rubs a lot of people the wrong way, but I'll bet it was worth it just to have their name in some memorable headlines. >Uploading something to a server just to share it with someone standing near you is ridiculous. Not really. For one thing, it greatly simplifies security concerns for the user without compromising anything. There is no additional compromise. If you go opening up sockets directly between devices, you open yourself to new exploits if you don't implement that communication correctly. If you use a server in the middle, you can just use HTTP and leverage built-in, strongly vetted web browser code that was already there. And if that code has security holes, they were already available to attackers before your app came along. It's the difference in immune system exposure between a pill and a hypodermic needle. I understand that you are angry about this product (I don't really care about it except I guess the concept is kind of neat?), but your comment really wasn't a relevant and appropriate reply to my comment. In fact, I didn't even make the point about them lying; I assumed it as a premise in explaining why they might have seen it as a net marketing advantage to tell it. I think you're thinking of it backwards. The source looks jumbled, but the font that the browser renders the page with is readable because the font acts as a substitution cipher. Still pretty pointless though, since substitution ciphers are child's play to break. Well, I have no idea if Bump uses HTTP and such to do this via vetted methods or if it is really secure in terms of opening your device up to attack vectors. I was making the general point that transferring files between proximal devices by uploading to an intermediate server isn't inherently pointless. I do not think that Bump is attempting to be secure in terms of keeping your images from being intercepted or that it is right to even describe what it does as "authentication". It would be more accurately described as "client selection". There is a niche of insecure file transfers to be filled though. For example, I sometimes send images to people via imgur, which is completely insecure, but sometimes I'm sending images and I don't care if other people can see them. That is a very different kind of security issue than one that allows an attacker to control a device, which is the sort that I meant when I said that using an intermediate server doesn't open up security holes. >Hit it with a hammer That's not really good enough to destroy sensitive data. Even if you break the platters into 1/64 in² pieces, each one will still carry 10s or 100s of megabytes. Recovering the data off of those fragments will be very expensive, so an embarrassing love letter is probably safe at that point, but if you're destroying something more valuable to a hostile third party, it's not going to be adequate. >It's an interesting result that probably hasn't been considered by most people. Is it? I mean it's cute to see it actually implemented, but this is something I thought of the first time I read about substitution ciphers. I suppose it is, if nothing else, an interesting way to introduce someone to some basic cryptography concepts (assuming they already know about typefaces). Well, I did not really mean to take a stance on whether it was a lie or not. My point was that if it was a lie, it would not be so clear cut that it was a poor marketing decision. > You won’t take my word for it? You are not so smart has a great writeup about the effects of coffee. Go read it now! Yes, a "great writeup" that makes a ton of controversial assertions which are, at best, tenuously supported by a smattering of cherry-picked studies interspersed between non-academic articles. I'm not impressed. I do. When sending a link for example, this is the path of least resistance. Yes, I could read it out and have the other person type it (which would take ten times as long). And yes, if I wanted to use bandwidth optimally, I would make a direct connection to their device and send it that way. But up to a certain length of data, the overhead of making that specialized connection outweighs any inefficiency of communicating through a middleman. Don't be glib now; of course I didn't think "webfonts". I thought "fonts". The addition of "web" to the concept is trivial and uninteresting. > A less error-prone solution would be only convert one string value to number when the another is really a number. That is, in fact, exactly how JS handles it. They actually mention this in the "drawbacks" section of the project page: >Won't protect against Man-in-the-middle attacks (eg. javascript substitution) I think it is pretty much the case that anything that works as man-in-the-middle will also work if an endpoint is compromised. I feel like I miss out on a lot of interesting talk videos because I simply cannot stand this kind of phone-camera-in-the-audience execution. I can barely hear these people's muffled voices over the sound of the background hiss. I mean, someone took the time to put beginning music and titles on this, so why not actually, you know, mic the speaker? It would be neat if you could add different color models to optimize for different kinds of color blindness. This thesis[1] might help as a starting point. It is primarily focused on simulating colorblindness for the non-colorblind, and gives some transformations between trichromatic and dichromatic vision. [1] http://www.lume.ufrgs.br/bitstream/handle/10183/26950/000761... But I mean, yes it does. Imagine if implementations were inconsistent as to what they allowed for JSON keys so that your browser couldn't understand the JSON your python code sent it. That scenario is prevented by the limitation being well documented. To take care of the invisible Flash object problem, Firefox could copy what Chrome does for Java applets and have a bar pop up at the top of the whole page, asking if you want to allow Flash to run on the site in question. That's not the same interface that I was referring to. I was talking about this: http://i.imgur.com/8lzif.png No it's not, because if the Flash object is invisible, it simply does not give you any way to enable them unless you go to the preferences and explicitly add an exception. This was my entire point in the first place, if you look up at the beginning of the thread. For example, turn on click-to-play and then go to pandora.com. If Chrome treated Flash the same as Java, you would still be able to use pandora easily. >it's going out of your way to subvert the site's business model When people sneak snacks into a movie theater they are not thinking "I am going to subvert this theater's business model". They are thinking "The normal way of getting snacks at the theater is unacceptable to me". The same is true with AdBlock. Nobody thinks "Mwahahaha, I'm going to financially ruin some content creators." They think "if I see one more punch-the-monkey ad, I'm going to punch an actual monkey". I mute TV commercials, I change the station on the radio when the commercials start, and I use AdBlock by default. If I really like a site, I will turn AdBlock off and see if its ads are acceptable. Usually, though, I turn it right back on. Ah yes, I see now. > GPL doesn't require you to distribute your server-side code if you are hosting it on your own servers This is very clearly true, yet I know of several GPL libraries whose maintainers believe the opposite. It is very strange. It is disgusting, but then, so is the concept of peeling off an animal's skin, grinding up its tissues, and eating the result. What's weird to me about the pink slime thing is the inconsistency. Meat is gross. You can ignore that and enjoy your hamburger, or accept it and become a vegetarian. I agree that people have a right to know what is going into their food, and that the way this has sort of hidden (in a half-assed way) from the public is wrong. But I disagree that that's why people are upset about it. If McDonald's had a note on their ads that said "made of 5% dog meat", people would be just as angry. Actually, euthanized animals from shelters are often rendered down to turn into gelatin and other basic chemical components that then find their way into cosmetics and food products. This is, of course, a good thing by any measure other than "ick" factor (the alternative is raising and killing more animals, after all) so I do not long for the outrage that will eventually come when people find out they've probably eaten dog gelatin. Well we'll never know probably, but my guess would be that McDonald's would issue a statement apologizing and promising never to do it again, and people would get distracted by whatever inconsequential celebrity gossip caught their fancy within a week. I've always felt that going out of your way to enforce information hiding in programming was kind of silly. Establish in your documentation what is public and what is private and then don't worry about it. If someone wants to hack on your private variables, you aren't going to stop them with this or any other pattern, and if they want their code to work properly, a comment that says "private" will tell them what not to mess with. > She is, by her own admission, mentally ill. "Mental illness" is a very broad term that can mean a lot of things, and the last thing people affected by it need is for people to perpetuate its stigmatization on the internet. That someone has suffered from some unspecified form of mental illness does not automatically make them untrustworthy. It's not true. There just isn't great library support on other platforms so doing anything nontrivial outside of OS X or iOS is a pain, although there are projects like Cocotron that are trying to do something about that. First, we assume a spherical car... The minification is breaking the code. If a minifier takes valid JS in and produces JS that behaves differently from the input, then that minifier is broken, full stop. It doesn't matter how anyone personally feels about ASI; what matters is that ASI is a part of JS, so if you're making a tool that processes JS, you need to respect its rules. It's very glitchy in Chrome 18.0.1025.162 . Parts of the image get clipped off during and after the transitions, and there's some random pausing. Yep, much better. > such as Arithmetic coding Isn't range coding widely viewed as being a legitimate workaround for the arithmetic coding patents? I guess in a year or two the question will be irrelevant, as the last of those patents will expire soon. Gotta love that result from a system that's supposed to foster innovation... Possibly, but it would also be good if the source code were available for scrutiny by independent scientists. I think that really depends on what you mean by "possible". For all practical purposes, it's pretty unlikely given the comparative legal resources of the two companies. I understand the sentiment, but this is stretching the definitions of "lazy" and "dumb" to the breaking point. "Lazy" does not mean doing less work in the long term. It means doing less work in the short term – often with resulting in more work in the long term. The laziest thing a programmer can do is copy and paste code instead of making the code reusable. Similarly, while it's hard to pin down a precise definition of "intelligence", self-awareness and a drive to learn would be on my shortlist of essential characteristics. Dumb people typically are not aware of their own competence and do not realize that there is always much more to learn (See Dunning-Kruger effect). But I guess "Why Good Programmers are Efficient and Smart" wouldn't have been a very interesting headline. >I hate to distract from the content, however I found the article's use of semicolons to be incorrect throughout. There are too many of them, but as far as I saw, none of them were incorrect in terms of grammar. The problem I see with this is that it doesn't (and, I think, can't) really account for the future. Suppose you see that Twitter has a patent on buttons that you have to quadruple click, and you think they'll only use it defensively, so you make a free jQuery plugin called t4p, which implements quadruple clickable buttons. Three years pass and now a new service, Blithr (like Twitter but messages are limited to 18 characters and all caps) has stolen Twitter's thunder and Twitter is facing bankruptcy. They are forced to sell off their assets, including their patents, and those end up in the hands of a patent troll. And suddenly, people who used your plugin are having to defend themselves in the US District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. > So the obvious problem with the movie Minority Report ... was that the screenwriters weren't smart enough to write consistent time-travel logic, and therefore the plot made no sense whatsoever. Also Tom Cruise. The short story didn't really have a problem of precrime being imperfect per sé. OK, I think I see what you're saying. In other words, if a patent troll someone buys out Twitter, they will have to renegotiate their terms with the inventor before they can start shaking people down. I guess that's at least some reassurance. Oh man, I wish I had noticed the "Infowars" cite before I upvoted this. >Google takes this even further: all of their UI decisions are made statistically. I like how the author scoffs at this as if it is self-evidently preposterous, yet Google is one company whose UI design elegance is consistently competitive with Apple's. I can't think of a single UI design choice in Safari that I prefer over how Chrome does it. I'd argue that it's less of a mess than Mail.app in Lion. Well I should qualify that by saying that I mean the Apple of today vs. the Google of today. Apple's design has slipped considerably – just look at Lion, iTunes, more recent versions of Safari, or the latest UI for the Apple TV. But if we were talking about Apple ca. 2009, Apple would easily win in any contest of UI design. Not on verbatim search with personalization off. This is one of the reasons I really dislike personalized search; it makes searches irreproducible. Sometimes I like to search for things to see what kind of buzz there is about them. Other than that, there's just something unsettling and vaguely frustrating about a system that doesn't work the same way for me as it does for someone else. I can't give any examples of where there's a crucial need for short term reproducibility of searches; it's more that there are lots and lots of petty cases where it is slightly annoying. >I have no idea what most of the icons are supposed to do until I tap them, which is a terrible way of navigating an interface. Is that such a terrible way for things to be though? To me, a well designed interface is one that invites you to play with it and learn its ins and outs, while making the experience memorable so that you'll find your way more easily in the future. It's best for the interface to be informative while doing this, but if you spray text all over everything, it does impede exploration. >My personal metric is: do you have a reasonably accurate estimation of what you don't know. That's a pretty good measure of how well you know any subject actually. You could call it the "Dunning–Kruger metric". >He said that dot org was interesting because it captures the fact that you know that any website with that suffix is a non-profit. This is simply false. There is no requirement whatsoever for .org domains and there are countless examples of .org domains owned by for-profit companies. >If you register a .com, you have to be safe and pick up the .net, .org, .info, .biz, etc. This is a rookie mistake. Nobody in the history of the internet has accidentally typed ".biz" instead of ".com" and gotten to the wrong website as a result. OK but what you do is you send a DMCA counter-notification saying that there has been no infringement, after which AudioGO has the choice of dropping the matter or taking it to court, where you they will be laughed out of the courtroom. What do you mean by "over process"? I experimented with making a live updating HTML editor before, and one of the biggest problems with it is that sometimes your code will go through an intermediate stage, while you're typing it, where it contains infinite loops. Now, if you could use JS.js¹ to sandbox the javascript in a webworker so that it never blocks the editor, and kill+reload every time you enter a key, well that would be cool. 1: http://tatiyants.com/introducing-js-js/ Interesting, but by that reasoning, couldn't I legally copy any font (and have it legally be my own work) simply be rasterizing it at a sufficiently large size and then vectorizing the result? Wow, I'm really surprised this isn't default behavior. Knowing when you last logged in isn't nearly useful enough to justify the delay it so routinely causes. It would be an interesting project, if nothing else simply as a statement about copyright, to write a program that automates this process and automatically rips a font file this way. By producing samples with characters placed at different fractional positions, you should even be able to infer the hinting information without directly reading it. Well, I suppose it seems sillier on a laptop than on a desktop. Wow, I had used node+jsdom+jQuery to do scraping, which was a big step up from anything I had done previously. But after playing around with PhantomJS, I feel like I finally found the hammer in the toolbox after years of trying to pound nails in with duct-taped-together screwdrivers. I don't think that's quite fair. No server is 100% reliable, and that says nothing about the quality of the code of the project itself. > I wouldn't say that it says "nothing" about the practices and priorities oriented around (and consequently through) the project, especially when the website apparently consists of a single small static HTML page. It says nothing. All servers go down from time to time. This one was up when I went to it before, and it was up when I tried it again just now. You say it was down for you when you visited it. Fine. That happens sometimes. Well sure, but I wasn't saying that it should be default behavior for Mac OS X server or server-aimed n*x distros. I don't think that most people are using non-server Mac OS X as a remote server, and those who are could override the default. >Don't have a cow, man, it's nothing personal. I think that impugning the professionalism of someone's work because their project's home page was down once is pretty darned personal. Not to mention, you never know when you're going to accidentally violate their TOS and get banned; the less you rely on them, the less that will hurt when it happens. That argument doesn't hold water. I don't know you, but if I say "From the looks of your page many9s.com , I'd say you're an amateur with no design sense", then I'm personally attacking you. My camera gives me descriptions too, but they're in terms of quantized frequency coefficients of 8x8 squares. >I would give anything to be able to draw this well... Not to be a smartass but if you'd give anything , why not buy some art books and put in a few hundred hours of practice? > Not to be a smart ass, but what makes you think I haven't tried, and found that I lack a certain artistic eye for shapes, shadows, and colors Well, mostly the fact that most people lack "a certain artistic eye" until they develop it, including people who later become competent artists. >So your comment is fair, in that I certainly could put time in to learn to draw and animate well, but I have a lot of other focuses for my life right now that can't spare that kind of time. A valid choice. So when you said you'd "give anything" what you really meant was not that you would actually give anything, but rather that you just wish that you could draw well. To reach true mastery, yeah you need 10,000 hours, but the drawing we're looking at on this page, while nice and competent (and certainly better than I can do), does not look to me like the product of artistic mastery. A few points 1. The concept of "mastery" is both relative and subjective, so if a skill is particularly common, then an aptitude which could be considered "masterful" in another field might simply be considered "experienced". In addition, for some skills there is not that much difference between competent work and masterful work; as a result, we'd be unlikely to consider someone a "master" of, say, bussing tables. 2. Most jobs are "unskilled", and those who have them are not practicing what they do with an eye toward improvement. They are completing the task to get their paycheck. 3. Jobs that do involve some skill typically also involve a fair amount of unskilled work (note that "unskilled work" in this sense can still require education and experience). They also tend to involve splitting one's time between multiple skills. Working full time as a lawyer for 5 years does not mean that you have spent 10,000 hours in a court room, much less arguing in front of a jury. Now, with all that said, it's true that practice doesn't scale linearly such that you can simply say "you need x hours of practice". The human brain stops responding well to practice in the short-term and needs time to incubate, so practicing 40 hours a week for 5 years is probably not as effective as practicing 20 hours a week for 10 years. Still, if you actually did practice the same small set of significantly overlapping skills full time for 5 years, you would be extremely good at those skills. Ferrari's other work or what you want to call "mastery" is all irrelevant. manuscreationis said s/he would like to be able to draw as well as what can be seen in this demo. Acquiring that level of skill does not require 10,000+ hours. Who dismissed anything as amateur or entry level? Don't put words in my mouth. >However, a single holographic video call on a one-square-metre portal would require a data rate of approximately 200 terabits per second I guess they just wanted an actual number to say, but that's complete nonsense. It says nothing about compression, frame rate, resolution, or anything you'd actually need to know to make that calculation. Besides that, as far as I know, there is no way to actually record holograms in real time, much less portably. Fructose in five oranges: 16g Fructose in one can of Coke: 39g Seems to me like an implementation detail that shouldn't have to affect the interface at all. Sort of, but there are some tags you probably don't want to pollute your own top-level namespace with, like a, b, i, object, p, q, and s. There's at least one tag (var) which is not allowed as an identifier on its own. Hardly seems worth it to invoke that confusing construct when you could just pack them in an object with a short name instead. No, it won't break them; it will just make them confusing to read. The scope of the function arguments would be more local, so they would hide the declarations further up the scope chain. What's more of a problem is if you have something like this: https://gist.github.com/2499913 The problem is that the "var p" in the for loop will be hoisted to the top of the scope, and so when you call p() in the first line, it will actually be undefined. I'm surprised they left out concatenating your javascript files into as few files as you can without breaking caching. The concept is the same as using sprite sheets, with similar gains if you are using many different scripts. I have to disagree with you there. Some optimization steps significantly hamper development and should be saved until near the end of the project. For example, JS minification is very fast and easy, but it makes debugging much more difficult. And you shouldn't compile things into CSS sprites until you are fairly settled on what images you'll be using. If the look and feel of your site is still in flux, you're wasting time by making sprites. The sodium (not actually salt – or at least, not sodium chloride) in a coke might make you thirstier, but the caffeine probably won't. While caffeine is a diuretic, studies have not supported the idea that it causes dehydration, and it's generally accepted that the amount of water in coffee (which has a far higher caffeine density than coke) is enough to offset what you lose to its diuretic effects. This seems rather un-self-aware. Yes, "class Food { etc. }" feels more intuitive to you than how it works in JS because you learned on the classical inheritance pattern . But classical inheritance is not fundamentally easier to understand than prototypical inheritance. You've just used it for so long that you don't remember what it was like to see it as a newcomer. If you want to be fair, this should be called "the problem with OO programming", and the summary of the problem is that it's complicated and requires that you learn a lot of counterintuitive concepts. I would say "or just use CoffeeScript", but you really should understand JavaScript better than that before using CoffeeScript. Well, the problem is that you're trying to bring analogies over from classical inheritance that don't directly apply. We're trained in classical languages to think of classes as being these blueprints in a strange hierarchy of blueprints and a "constructor" is this weird method by which a class transmutes itself from the abstract to the corporeal, producing an "instance". In prototype-based OO, a constructor is just a function that builds an object. If you like, you can give that function a starting point for building its objects (the prototype), but in the end, it's just a function that builds an object. It's conceptually not that similar to a class in classical OO, even though you can use it to implement classical inheritance. And that's really the core of the problem: read any book about JavaScript, and the first thing they'll probably tell you after introducing prototypes is how to get something like classical inheritance hierarchies by chaining prototypes together. So people end up thinking "what a strange and roundabout way to handle classes", when the problem is that they shouldn't be thinking about classes in the first place. And here's the elephant in the room: long prototype chains are not usually the right solution because long inheritance chains in general are not usually the right solution. Classical inheritance just makes it so easy to build elaborate and beautiful hierarchies that most people never realize that doing so is usually just adding complexity for no real gain. > Prototypes are simply more complicated than classes. Only if you try to make them act like classes. I actually would definitely let JavaScript land my plane, assuming it had undergone substantial code review, had exceptional test coverage, and was interfacing with a reliable and sane API (I would definitely not let the DOM land my plane). In other words, under the same conditions as I would want for any other language. This is a bit of a nitpick, but prototype based programming is still OO. They don't need to be discussed and argued about. If the irrelevant flamewars are to be the standard by which a language is judged, then the only language that will ever pass muster is the one that is never released. First of all, I'm not sure it's right to call Crockford "the greatest JavaScript guru". That's a stretch, to say the least. Secondly, you appear to be claiming that Crockford offers strong criticism of JS's inheritance model in The Good Parts . If that's what you took away from it, I think you would do well to reread that chapter. Of course JS's inheritance system is imperfect just like that of pretty much any other language. JS does have a few (like jStat) but they're fairly young. Still, I don't think the article was suggesting that everybody should drop everything and jump on JS for statistics work. But it does raise the question of whether more focus should be put into the development of statistical libraries for JS. >Use automated tools to minify files on production but not on your development server or localhost. Yeah you can do that, but there are still points in the project where it makes little difference to do that, and it's not hard to get stuck in those points. Of course, once there's wide support for source maps, you'll be able use minification even in development. > yet they still managed to get nearly $5,000 in the few hours it was up, which is quite worrying. Well, the funding was canceled, which according to the FAQ means that all pledges are voided. So they actually managed to get exactly $0. That would be the responsible way to do it, surely, although they should still mention it in the TOS. > The sticker on your license (and likely the flag on your Fb profile) doesn't mean much in the end. The flag on your FB profile will likely mean nothing officially, but practically it will mean more than the driver's license because your family is more likely to see it and be aware of it. You could narrow down the possible matches to just a handful by comparing movie lengths – say, within 10 seconds of the same length is a possible match. Maybe throw in some basic title comparison to narrow the search further, and then do a simple check to see if the audio tracks seem to line up (an exhaustive comparison isn't necessary) to rapidly detect and exclude duplicates with a more than adequate accuracy rate. It would require a bit more complexity in the Kopime device, but not so much as to make it impractical. Is a wizard coming in 2016 to magically make executives in the movie and music industries understand the shape of the modern world? >Images, files, and binary data It really depends on your situation. Point by point: >read/write to a DB is always slower than a filesystem Obviously this is true, but depending on the context, the difference may not be that important. >your DB backups grow to be huge and more time consuming This just doesn't hold up to scrutiny. You still have to back the files up, regardless of where you put them. If you keep them in the DB, then backing up the DB automatically backs up the files. If you keep them separately, you're adding complexity to the backup/restore process. I guess there are times when you keep references to files in your DB but can live with having the files and DB get out of sync if you have to restore from a backup, but that's a design decision, not a hard and fast rule. >access to the files now requires going through your app and DB layers Again, there are times when this simply doesn't matter. Let's not forget that one of the main reasons people use databases is that they simplify concepts like locking. If you start tying your database to some external structure within your file system, you not only have to implement those features yourself, but you also have to coordinate them with the DB's own implementation. Well, I think what is meant here is that for large chunks of binary data, it's faster to go through the file system directly than through the DB. But I just think that it's an irrelevant point in a very significant number of situations. > his simply telling Google 'go fuck yourself' doesn't really offer an in-depth critique of why these changes or wrong Well it's good that in addition to "go fuck yourself", he offered an in-depth critique of why these changes are wrong. I guess maybe you stopped reading before that? > Leave the analyses to the real UX folks. Whoa now, hold on just a goddamned minute. What "real UX folks" say only holds weight insofar as it accurately pertains to the interaction and communication of producers and consumers. When content producers say "This change breaks an important connection to our users", then "UX folks" had better listen good and hard. I'm by no means a DB expert, but that was basically my understanding of the disadvantages as well. As other people have pointed out, you can use caching to fix a lot of those performance issues. Of course, the author of the article also believes that every database is hooked to a web server that will be constantly pushing its data to hundreds of thousands/millions of users, that every 10 milliseconds lost means another 1% of your users abandon ship, and that if you claim to have some other circumstances, you are pleading "unique snowflake" status and should just get shut up and follow his advice anyway. >By couching it in these terms, it implies that anyone who follows best practices has given in to “lies and fear!” Who wants to be swayed by that? That is some fairly brazen rhetorical sleight of hand. Schlueter is obviously not attacking the following of best practices. He is saying that semicolons-everywhere isn't a best practice and he gives an argument that the most common rationales given for the practice do not hold water. There are a few flaws with his argument, but what it certainly is not is a general condemnation of the following of actual, bonafide best practices. Pretending otherwise is akin to accusing someone of "siding with the terrorists" because they argue that people should be allowed to take bottled water on airplanes. I would also argue that the security implications of this are largely positive. It removes less than two bits of entropy even from a randomly generated password, but it means that users reset their passwords less often, and I would guess that when users reset a "forgotten" password, they usually choose something weaker (and thus more memorable). Or at least six weeks. I like the aesthetic, but I found the navigation to be confusing. It gives the impression that you're simply navigating a 2D grid because there's no indication that the rows slide independently of each other (and reset after switching to another row). So it was pretty disorienting to get to the end of the top row, go down, and then not be able to go left. I know you just said it doesn't really matter, but I thought I'd offer something a little more constructive than "it's too flashy". "Old revision" doesn't really mean anything on jsPerf since anybody can create a new revision which will increment the counter. The main point of having them numbered is so that you have something stable to link to. The latest revision (35, as of this comment) is basically equivalent from most JS engines' perspective, and shows pretty much identical results. It's a good reminder though, because sometimes people get ideas in their heads about using exceptions for something other than, well, exceptions, and this is usually a bad idea. I'm not sure if you mean that it's worth pointing out because he has experience with prisons and therefore his opinion should be given more weight, or because he's biased and so his opinion should be given less weight. I'm not sure I think either is true. But here in America we punish our prisoners, no matter the cost to society! Well see part of the problem is that it takes more experience to know your way around C++; it's just bigger than Objective-C, even if you only talk about the "commonly used" parts. If you know C and are reasonably familiar with OO, you can easily learn all of the important differences between C and Objective-C in a week or so. And since it's a true superset, everything you know from C carries over. C++ is just more complicated to learn the ropes of. So I guess what I'm saying is that a lot of people criticizing C++ probably don't have much experience with it, but that's kind of the point. There is, of course, also Objective-C++. In my naïve younger days, I used that so I could have operator overloading in Objective-C. What a nightmare. It isn't controversial, no, which is the problem. Well, let me back up a little first. Criminal penalties as deterrent do work up to a certain point, and there is nothing wrong with embracing them to a civilized and practical degree. But the retributive nature of the American justice system is beyond fetishistic. This is harmful for two reasons. First, evidence suggests that draconian penalties are counterproductive as a deterrent. The exact psychological reasons for this are being researched, but it is thought that it is a matter of respect for the rule of law. When people perceive a law as unjust and disproportionate, they are more likely to break that law, and that applies to the punishment as well as the crime. It seems paradoxical, but increasing the penalty for a crime beyond what people view as equitable will actually reduce the deterrent effect of the penalty. Second, we as a society have become so obsessed with retributive sentencing that we will, to that end, actively cut programs that are proven to reduce crime. Any program that helps felons to get legitimate work once they are out of prison is likely to be attacked as "soft on crime" and "wasteful", even though such programs are usually relatively inexpensive and actually save the government money in the long run by reducing recidivism. It is not hard to understand why giving ex-convicts non-criminal career opportunities is good for society, yet the idea that we should at least throw a couple of bones in that direction is actually quite controversial. Do you mean that Ruby code tends to be simpler than Objective-C code, or that the language itself is actually simpler. Because, while I haven't done a formal comparison or anything, I would find the latter to be pretty unlikely. Most of Objective-C can really be boiled down to little more than few teaspoons of syntax sugar on top of C (although that is less true today than it once was), and C is definitely a simpler language than Ruby. >Great, so someone who doesn't know how to use arrays is criticizing Objective-C as a language. I think the author has a valid point though, even though that example doesn't illustrate it well. He should have used variable names that didn't immediately cry out for arrayification, but there is a boilerplate problem in Objective C. The thing is, a lot of the verbosity of Objective C is actually a win. Take the messaging syntax: beautiful and readable. And the lack of first-class syntax for almost anything? Usually pretty nice and elegant. Nothing feels magic. But you don't get a choice about these ideals. Need optional arguments? Too bad. Use a config dictionary. And there's no literal syntax for dictionaries, so every time somebody calls your method, it's going to be a big pile of boilerplate. I don't even think Objective-C should compromise on all of these ideals, but it should compromise on some , and I think that kind of basic functionality would have been a better point of focus than foreach loops and dot-notation. Since they don't, people are tempted to use CPP macros to work around these shortcomings. You may remember CPP macros from every GDB nightmare you've ever had. I was not trying to imply that America was unique in punishing its criminals, but that America is retributive to an unusual degree. The "useless vengeance" comment was someone else. No optimization is intrinsically premature. Most of these are not things you need to worry about, but there will be cases where it makes a different. That said, specifying image sizes is often a good idea in order to prevent the page from moving around while it loads. It looks a lot cleaner if your text all flows correctly and then the images pop into place. Embedded fonts are almost definitely not causing max CPU load. >if you are developing websites for clients don't get into this much detail cause no one will ever appreciate the work you made. That's only true if you don't know how to sell yourself. Considering that you can make people think something is faster just by telling them that it is so, you should be able to get appreciated for actually making a difference. But don't do this kind of thing in the course of your development. If you make something 10% faster without being asked, nobody is going to appreciate that. Fine-tuning and optimization is a separate service, and if you set realistic expectations and then deliver on them, your efforts will be appreciated. Why would you need to have a CS degree? I have been doing so for about 6 years. In my experience, gaining screen real estate is amazing at first, and losing it really hurts at first, but in the long run, it doesn't make much difference. No, MS doesn't get to dodge blame that easily. They blatantly used non-standard features in their browser to stifle competition. Many developers were complicit in this but that was according to Microsoft's design. If the features hadn't been useful, it wouldn't have worked. Are you seriously going to argue that their strategy – their explicit strategy – was not incredibly harmful to innovation and competition? Also saying they "invented" XMLHttpRequest is a stretch. If I make a browser with a nonstandard rot-13 function, did I "invent" JSRot13? There is no double standard. If any single browser had the marketshare that IE had in its heyday, it would be irresponsible and anticompetitive for them to implement nonstandard features. But marketshare is spread much more evenly among the players today, so it's pretty much understood that a production site cannot rely on a browser-specific feature. Hell, most people don't even rely on modern standard features because they still want their stuff to work in IE6. Comparing experimental features today with the IE-flavored-web of 2002 is comparing apples to geese. The feature is anticompetitive because it was part of a large-scale and well-documented effort within the company to coopt and/or destroy technologies not controlled by themselves. A handful of innovations (which would have happened anyway) that happened along the way do not justify that kind of behavior. Look up "embrace, extend and extinguish". >If we take your original statement and change "browser" to "search engine" and "IE" to "Google", we end up with this: "If any single search engine had the marketshare that Google had in its heyday, it would be irresponsible and anticompetitive for them to implement nonstandard features." If Google made non-standard extensions to robots.txt, that would be an equivalently anticompetitive situation. To my knowledge Google hasn't done anything like that. We are not talking about just any features here, but features that make websites incompatible with other browsers . Search engines, by and large, are not concerned with interoperability in the first place, so your analogy is nonsensical. That's sad but does it really belong on HN? OK, NCSA was wrong to add those tags to Mosaic without going through standards channels or making them "experimental" and accessible through explicitly temporary syntax. However, I have not seen any evidence (much less the hard proof we have as Microsoft is concerned) that they added those tags with anticompetitive motivation , especially considering that Mosaic predated the browser war. The images arbitrarily expire after about two and a half months, and then (last time I used them at least), there's an interval of time where they don't put up new ones. I don't have time to download 11 GB of disk images every three months, and I certainly can't have MS arbitrarily making it so that I can't test in their awful browser for months at a time. If you want to support IE, owning a copy of Windows is not optional. > You could break your CSS into multiple files, but this is in direct opposition to one of the tenants of website optimization: minimize the number of HTTP requests. Am I missing something here? Your fonts were going to be in a separate file anyway, right? Well, it worked for Megadodo Publications. What I want is a jQuery-like library that can dynamically load alternative versions based on the browser in use, so that modern browsers load something close to zepto, while IE6 loads all the fixin's. I really don't understand why people care so much what the beggar uses the money for. Give him a dollar, or don't. If you do, don't worry that he might use it to buy booze; just feel good that you did something nice for someone. If you don't, don't try to justify it to yourself by saying he might be a liar. Just say "I have the right to not give beggars money because it's my money" and be done with it. There, I solved all of your altruism problems. You're welcome. That's a rather ableist point of view. Being shy may be a "habit" for some people, but some of us actually have anxiety disorders. Well hold on though – there's a big difference between saying "you can change X" and "X is just a bad habit". A habit is supposed to be something you can overcome with a relatively trivial amount of practice and persistence, and that is why there's a stigma about having them. Yes there are treatments for social anxiety, but labeling a medically recognized disorder as a "habit" is demeaning and not cool. How do you mean "subjective"? There is an objective answer to the question "how many golf balls can fit in a double decker bus" and while I suppose you could call it "trivial", being able to make that kind of estimate efficiently really is an important skill for programmers (and scientists, and engineers) to have. That said, this is another FizzBuzz sort of test, and should not be made unnecessarily complicated. This is what you're trying to filter out: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qhm7-LEBznk >There's so many different kinds of buses There is a lot of variance in bus sizes, but not enough to put you off by more than an order of magnitude. > and it clear what kind of level of accuracy is required. Knowing what kind of accuracy is required is sort of part of the test. The parameters are vaguely specified, so you should know that you're looking at orders of magnitude. >I can just say 'two thousand' and that's a good enough answer. That would fit in a large duffle bag. If you told me that you thought you could only fit 2000 golf balls in a double decker bus, I would assume that you either put zero thought into answering the question, or that you did not have a good grasp of how to estimate things. > The problem is, that isn't good, as the interviewer wants to 'see how I think'. The interviewer wants to know that you can give sane estimates based on rough calculations. As the article explains, there are many, many situations where a programmer needs to be able to do this kind of thing. It's not about "seeing how you think". It's about seeing that you can think – at all – about estimation problems. > But he hasn't really given me a problem to think about, so I have to just put on a show for him. He hasn't seen how I think at all; he's just seen me putting on a show based on what I think he wants to hear. And if that show is "2000 balls", he has learned that he should not hire you. >It's trivially easy to figure out how to calculate a rough number. I'd go so far as to say blatantly obvious. It's also a waste of time to actually do it. Given any X, only a small minority of the people who believe they have the skills needed to do X competently are right. Dunning–Kruger as usual. It should be trivially easy to figure out roughly how many golf balls fit in a double-decker bus. In fact, it shouldn't take more than a few minutes of figuring, so the time wasted ought to be minimal. If it does take longer than a few minutes, then the interviewer has learned something important about you, so it's not a waste of time then either. Sometimes as an engineer, you have to make reasonably accurate estimates based on very little data. If you think that concept is stupid or not worth thinking about, you shouldn't be in charge of designing stuff. I don't mean this as an attack against you, but your response to this is exactly illustrative of why it's a useful interview question. So you believe that you should exhaustively explore 100% of your options, collecting rigorous data about every possibility, no matter how numerous the options are, rather than narrowing down your possibilities early in the game and focusing on the best candidates? Now that is a waste of time. Furthermore, sometimes your data is inaccurate, and that means that you have to build in error margins in your estimates. Doing that uses exactly the same skills as making rough estimates based on vague information. There are good reasons to make assumptions early on in a project when narrowing down the solution space. You have 10,000 golf balls and you need to get them 5 miles south of here. You ask your coworker to look out the window at your company parking lot and tell you what vehicles you have at your disposal. A sedan, a double decker bus, an SUV, a small trailer, a motorcycle. If you have reasonable estimation skills, then by the time you get out to the lot with a tape measure, you will have narrowed the search down to the sedan and the SUV. You don't need to bother measuring the double decker bus because you know that it's around 100 times as large as needed. You don't need to consider using the motorcycle because that is clearly far too small. If you collected data on those options, you'd be wasting time, because in the time it takes to collect the data, you could have already ruled them out. "OK," you say, "but it doesn't hurt to be thorough." But see, it does hurt to be too thorough. Every second you waste on deciding not to use the bus is a second you could have spent making a better decision between the sedan and the SUV. But it doesn't matter what the aim is. The point is that estimation based on very little data is important because real world situations call for narrowing down the solution space quickly. > they cited him Only after he called them out for it. The screenshot was taken after they silently changed it. It's a real shame that support for Python Server Pages is as rare as it is in the wild, and that we don't see that kind of capability common in other server side languages. I really think that the ability to mix HTML and server code together painlessly is one of the main advantages that PHP still has today. It's the reason I still use it for new projects even though I dislike almost everything about the language itself. If I could just say Pirated videos, there's no app for that. Torrent -> HandBrake -> iTunes -> Apple TV >I'll be sad to see it go, and I'll be crossing my fingers in the hopes that it will work with future OS releases for a while. Given that Apple has seemed to feel, for the last few OS releases, that it's acceptable for "deprecate" and "break" to happen in the same step, I wouldn't get my hopes up. Well, if Linus had actually called someone a moron "upon receiving a pull request on GitHub" like the post claims, then I think it would be a perfectly legitimate criticism. Calling someone a moron just for trying to contribute would be completely unacceptable, especially for someone like Torvalds. Of course, the problem is that Torvalds did not call someone a moron for submitting a pull request. He was responding to another person's comment on the request that has since been deleted. I think the lesson here is that GitHub maybe shouldn't let people delete their posts after they've been replied to. Sorry, you're just wrong. The feature in iTunes that lets you stream your videos to an Apple TV is called AirPlay and uses the same protocol as iOS devices. AirPlay actually has its origins in AirTunes, which was originally only accessible through iTunes. These days there are even third party senders and receivers for AirPlay, so in principal you can use AirPlay without actually using any first-party Apple software or hardware. Irrelevant. The point is that getting pirated video onto the Apple TV is at most one extra step. A lot of torrents are already mp4, in which case there is no extra step. > but if the mayor of New York City actually needs to sling JavaScript code to do his job, something is deeply, horribly, terribly wrong with politics in the state of New York Bloomberg didn't say anything about learning to code for professional reasons. If Atwood has forgotten that coding is a rewarding experience on its own, then he is no longer a voice worth listening to. It's amazing how many businesses seem to completely not understand the concept of advertising. It doesn't matter where your clients say they heard about you. It doesn't matter how many people actually clicked on your ad. Advertising is about name recognition . And it works. It's just not very easy to directly measure its effects on a small scale. It's one thing for a couple of guys running a pizza place not to grasp this concept, but for a large corporation like GM, it's simply preposterous. That's probably true; opening 6 or 7 nights a week would certainly not triple their business. It would, however, give them a lot more open-time to accumulate repeat customers. Whether or not that works out in their favor in the end depends on how leanly they can run on those slow nights. I wonder this every time a light goes out and I see people carefully and considerately coordinating to take turns at an intersection. But I really think if that weren't a special case that got everyone's attention, the result would be more collisions. I use Colemak and occasionally one-handed Dvorak (when I'm having RSI issues in one hand or the other), but my keys are laid out QWERTY. Move the keys, and touch typing becomes much more difficult because you lose your "homing bumps" at the f and j positions. Also, learning a new layout is easiest with a diagram floating on the screen, not by trying to look through your fingers at the keyboard. The amazing thing about CoffeeScript is that most of what it does is tiny little changes that shouldn't matter that much, yet the overall effect is huge. For example, string interpolation involves one fewer character than concatenation, yet the effect on readability would be hard to overstate. A similar feature in another language is PHP's ability to mix in with HTML. It would be utterly trivial to convert the HTML sections of a PHP file to echo statements. Yet this tiny bit of sugar goes a huge distance toward making up for the language's short comings (also known as "almost everything else about PHP"). Interesting. I had not seen that kind of keyboard before. Seems like having "b" on the left hand would also be distracting, but maybe that's how other people type. Is it "out of spite" when the government fines someone for speeding? >It's disgusting that you guys charge for Open Source training. You're making money off the hard work of all those volunteers. My brain hurts so much now. > but it's because they are breaking the law. No, it's because fining them is a deterrent to other would-be speeders. What Saverin is doing is not completely legal. It's technically legal. And the reason for that technicality is that the US can't really impose criminal penalties against non-citizens. But that doesn't mean they can't create a deterrent by denying those non-citizens visas in the future. I would argue that it is quite worthwhile for the US to send the message that there are consequences for coming into our country, taking advantage of our corporate ecosystem to become immensely wealthy, and then skipping out before tax day (which is an exaggeration, I know, but you get the point). I don't see anything remotely petty about that. The law provides for a deterrent penalty to be used against people who renounce their citizenship to avoid taxation. Whether or not that makes it "illegal" is a matter of semantics and completely irrelevant to whether or not the law should be enforced. And yes, there is some revenue lost by not letting a billionaire into the country, but that has to be weighed against the consequences of letting people skip out to avoid taxation. >Also it doesn't really matter because the core of the argument will always be individual rights and control of intellectual property. Not really. That may be the core of the argument for the idealists, but the core of the argument for the pragmatic is "harm to the economy", and the core of the argument for the politicians is "appeasing those wealthy campaign donors". Individual rights have very little to do with modern American government. From the paper, which apparently nobody here actually bothered to skim: > To study this phenomenon, I must overcome the fact that ﬁle sharing is endogenous in its determination of an album’s sales because an album that is popular in ﬁle-sharing networks will also be popular in retail markets. This occurs because ﬁle-sharing and retail demand are both driven by unobserved album quality. To address this endogeneity, I exploit exogenous variation inhow widely available an album was prior to its oﬃcial release date. An album’s ease of availability in ﬁle-sharing networks is positively correlated with the number of times that it is downloaded because availability determines the supply of the album in ﬁle-sharing networks. Availability is not independently correlated with an album’s popularity in retail markets because pre-release ﬁlesharing is driven by leaks, which are “crimes of opportunity” that occur at some stage of the production or album marketing process (Williams, 2009). I have often wondered why Quartz and other renderers don't support subpixel rendering at a lower level. All you have to do is oversample everything by 3x horizontally (actually, even 2x works pretty well) and then pass it through a relatively simple scaling filter after final compositing. It doesn't make much diference for natural images, but anything vector with hard edges looks noticeably better with subpixel redering, and horizontal animation looks smoother regardless of the type of image. And if it were done at a low level like that, there would be no notion of switching smoothing modes during an animation. I suppose a major problem is that this would require all programs to support the notion of non-square pixels, and it's late in the game to expect that. And once we have retina displays everywhere, the whole point will be moot. Yeah, but if your company is making a million dollars per year and you aren't happy, then making a billion dollars a year wouldn't make you happy either. At that point, you're well past the point where money buys happiness. Yes it is, but it's not a grotesque amount of money. Anyway, the whole point is that having enough money that money is not a major point of stress in your life will help you to be happy, but beyond that it starts to anticorrelate. If you have founded a company that is making a million a year (I'm assuming we're talking about profit and not revenue), and money is a major point of stress in your life, your best bet (in terms of personal happiness) is to change your lifestyle so that you're living within those means. Keep in mind, 99% of individuals in the world make less than $50k/year. Personally, I strongly dislike PHP and yet I still choose it for new projects sometimes. The main reasons? Being able to use ` ` blocks inline with HTML, and not having to add any boilerplate import statements just to get to basic CGI functionality. Such small trivial features, but they provide enough pain relief that they're sometimes worth it. It's pretty overall, but the one character for which the illusion of proportionality really breaks is the lower-case L, which consistently appears to have a space after it. I have to object "arigatameiwaku". First off, it's really two words: "arigata", which means (in this context) "appreciated", and "meiwaku", which really is a word that we don't exactly have in English but roughly means "annoyance", and is tightly coupled with Japanese cultural concepts of societal acceptance. Secondly, we do, in fact, have a very closely related term in English: "white elephant". >It’s a great thing for both companies and developers. I disagree. People in the real world look to these events to get an idea of what platforms and frameworks are out there that they should use for their next projects (that's why Mobli is willing to offer this prize). It is not good for developers if that perception gets skewed by which platform has the most cash behind it rather than which platform is actually the best choice. > It used to be frequency scaling that we measured From the very beginning, it has been economically feasible component density, and as far as I know, that has not changed. Look at this graph for example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Transistor_Count_and_Moore... That demo gets about 19 fps on my machine, whereas the WebGL demo appears to be getting close to 60, so that seems to be scaling pretty similarly. Also keep in mind that the demo you linked to uses Alchemy, which is C/C++ compiled to AVM2, so for WebGL to be getting roughly equivalent performance is pretty damned impressive. Well, that's looking like about 3 fps; it's a lot more particles, but it's also a lot slower, so I don't know how that balances out. Yeah, /get or :get would have been way better commands, and they have precedent in preexisting social media like IRC and MUDs. It's a functional programming thing; stands for "Haskell Time To Party". It might sound funny, but it is very, very serious and esoteric. >As if the inside story of our planet weren’t already the ultimate potboiler, a host of new findings has just turned the heat up past Stygian. I hope, when old media finally dies, that this sort of "clever" news-writing dies with it. There are, however, applications with both hash tables and bloom filters where some cryptographic properties are still useful/necessary, or where low-collision hashes are particularly important. >actually, just as long Well, more accurately, at least as long, on average . It would be possible, though, to have a guaranteed unique string which is usually shorter than the input for real world data, which is called lossless compression. Obviously, it is not possible to provide a fixed digest length though, which makes it useless for many hash function applications, like bloom filters. And, of course, a hash table implementation based on DEFLATE would be hilariously inefficient. I disagree pretty strongly about the specifics of syntax being unimportant. If I had no experience and were speculating based on common sense, I would say "of course the details of the syntax don't matter". Hell, I might have even said that a year ago. Then I started using CoffeeScript. Now, don't get me wrong; CoffeeScript has lots of little features that are very nice, like concise comprehensions and bound functions, which are not mere details. But if you took away all of that and left only the JavaScript with different syntax details, you would still have something much more pleasant to read and write than JS. -> function syntax, postfix conditionals, unless, on/off/yes/no, @, and "string #{interpolation}" are all tiny "syntax details", and I simply cannot overstress how much nicer they are than the JavaScript they trivially transform into. >The problem is that every user thinks they are a "power user." That is definitely not true, and is the kind of thing one will only say if one has not actually interacted with ordinary users. Having had a fair amount of experience with teaching ordinary people to use computers, I can say that by far the biggest problem that they have is under estimating their ability to figure things out, while over estimating the damage they are likely to cause if they get something wrong. This is why the most important lesson to teach kids about computers is that as long as you have backups, almost any mistake can be fixed with a clean install. Long story short, if you put your power user settings under a red tab labeled "Advanced", 99% of the non-power users will never even notice them. What kind of sick person would do this? Alternatively: - Open letter template - Dismiss >You would expect the answer to be "no" since there are "more real numbers from 0 to 10 than from 0 to 1" Well, the quotes you had to put there say it all. You might expect the answer to be "no" if you didn't understand how infinity works. >Don't forget, there's a comparable number of people who claim the ability to "astral travel". That is a rather uncompelling argument. How many people claim to be able to do something has very little to do with whether or not that thing is possible. Many, many people claim to have been helped by homeopathic remedies, and none of them have. Relatively few people claim to be able to walk on their hands, but many of them can. "Number of claims" is evidence, but it is such weak evidence that its effect on your beliefs should almost always be overwhelmed by the effect of your prior. The plausibility of astral projection and homeopathy is incredibly low, and the weak evidence given by "number of adherents" doesn't significantly budge the needle. On the other hand, having had personal experience with lucid dreams, your appraisal of the plausibility of regular, practiced lucid dreaming should be rather high. If, then, you encounter even a dozen people who claim to have done this successfully, you should believe that is probably possible. That is, of course, unless you have some appropriately strong justification based on your understanding of neuroscience for why it should not be possible. >When you wake up in the morning, how can you tell whether you were lucid dreaming or just dreaming that you were lucid dreaming? I don't mean that distinction as a joke; in one case you have conscious control over the dream while in the other case you don't have conscious control but dream that you do. I don't think the distinction is meaningful. The part of your brain that perceives being in control is not the part of the brain that issues commands. So if we allow that it is possible to believe you have control over your actions without actually having control over your actions, then we must accept that this is in fact always the case, even while we are awake. The belief that you are an atomic unit which simultaneously perceives and manipulates the world is a form of essentialism which we can pretty well rule out by now. Edit: I should also add that "lucid dreaming" doesn't technically imply control; it just means you're aware that you're in a dream. I get depressed whenever I read about these people who get bitten by the DMCA and then don't do the 5 minutes of internet research needed to figure out how to fight it. It sounds to me like this guy had a clear case of DMCA abuse. If he designed the models himself, from scratch, then the best claim Games Workshop could have against him would be trademark infringement, and that's not what the DMCA is for. Therefore, all he has to do is send Thingiverse a counter-notification and, unless Games Workshop files a lawsuit (which they almost certainly won't), Thingiverse will restore the content in 14 days (they are required to do this in order to receive safe harbor protection under the DMCA). Chilling Effects even has a page for automatically generating these counter-notifications, so there's really no excuse for not protecting yourself from abuse: http://www.chillingeffects.org/dmca/counter512.pdf There's a related trick I've recently begun using with progress bars which I plan to turn into a little JS library when I have time. Basically, watching a progress bar fill up makes time pass quickly, but making short-lived progress bars update asynchronously is a huge waste of time. You can use a spinner, but that's less effective. Alternatively, you can make the bar fill in a fixed amount of time, which is a problem if the operation takes longer than expected, because staring at a full progress bar makes time seem to pass even more slowly than nothing at all. The solution I found was an exponential fill. Say you estimate an operation will take 4 seconds (this can even be hard coded). You show a bar that starts empty, and after 2 seconds, it is halfway full, after 4 seconds, 3/4 full, 6 seconds, 7/8, and so on until the operation completes and the bar disappears. That way, you never end up paused on a full progress bar, and you are still conveying a reasonable estimate to your user, and you never have to write another line of code to update a progress bar. But see, that's the same boat we were in before we had the DMCA. It's a problem that there's a two-week blackout on your stuff if someone files a takedown notice, but it does protect you from being sued right off the bat. In other words, if he's unwilling to risk filing the counter-notice, then without the DMCA, he wouldn't (or shouldn't) have been willing to risk uploading the models at all . But to answer your rhetorical question, if they do sue, you contact groups like the EFF and ask for help. (Better yet, contact them before filing the counter-notification). They would likely be happy to work to establish a good precedent in a novel situation like this. Oh I definitely agree. I am assuming that he has a legitimate complaint for the sake of argument, because if he doesn't, then this is just the DMCA doing exactly what it's supposed to. > with some query it could take too much and the slowing down of the bar filling wasn't well met with both our users and our boss. One idea I've toyed with, which adds some complexity, would be some random variation, so that you'd still get some faster jumps at the end, even though the average would be exponential. The article tries to imply that 3D designs cannot be copyrighted, but this is incorrect. If the design is functional , it cannot be copyrighted, but if it is a work of art, it is still protected by copyright. So if you carve a statue, and I make and distribute copies of that statue without your permission, I am violating your copyright. If I alter your design, but copy substantial portions in a way that does not constitute fair use, I am also violating your copyright by producing a derivative work. In contrast, design patents only apply to functional items. The classic example is the Coca-Cola bottle. Coke's patent on that is not on the invention of a bottle, or on a useless bauble, but on the ornamental design of a functional item. If the bottle were not intended to hold liquid, but were just a pretty object, it would be eligible for copyright, but not a design patent. I think it would be hard to argue that Warhammer miniatures are functional items. Rather, they are non-functional works of art, and therefore fall under the jurisdiction of copyright. So if you make your own figures based sufficiently on those made by GW, you are creating a derivative work, and violating their copyright. >Pretty much any time I've become aware in a dream that I am dreaming, I wake up immediately. Most, but not all of my experiences have been similar, although I actually suspect that in at least some cases I have not actually woken up, but have merely dreamt that I woke up. At one point I "woke up" from a lucid dream to find myself in bed in the middle of the night, went back to sleep, and then was awoken moments later by my alarm and found that the sun was fully risen. Not conclusive, as I may have just slept dreamlessly in the interim (although that's uncommon after waking from a dream and going back to sleep), but suspicious. Another time, I woke up immediately after realizing I was dreaming, looked around my room, and found that my dream had persisted and was visually composited over the real world around me. This was, of course, extremely disconcerting, and my solution was to close my eyes and go back to sleep. But looking back, it seems far more likely that I dreamt that entire experience, including the waking up and looking around, than that my brain actually had that kind of catastrophic system failure. In any case, losing your grasp on lucid dreams is a common and frustrating problem, and people have gathered a few tricks for holding on. One that has sometimes worked for me is, when I feel things beginning to slip, rather than panicking, to spin gently in place with my eyes closed (although closing your eyes in a dream is not always Well, you probably really should not use Helvetica or Arial in your logo . But all of those logos were designed decades ago, and it was a perfectly reasonable typeface for logo design. The reason it has been used so often is, of course, that it is a very well designed font. But the whole point here is that its ubiquity makes it generally a poor choice for new logos. An aesthetic does not exist in a vacuum, and the cultural context of Helvetica is that it now looks generic. It is an imaginary large threat based on a real small threat. Wolves that attack Puerto Rican goat herds in the night are real, but the mythological chupacabra based on them is still imaginary. I like that your process for calculating how long you could last appears to consist of multiplying the amount of time others can last by their ratio of working ears to yours. Science! >Science and beliefs can coexist perfectly well I have no idea what kind of messed up definition of "beliefs" you are using. Of course science and beliefs coexist; science is a process for arriving at accurate beliefs. Now if this can just be incorporated into Dasher, I can finally get rid of these pesky hands. "Where do you draw the line?" is almost always a trivial rephrasing of the slippery slope fallacy. We live in a world where there are no lines, and we draw them in arbitrary places so that we can make the world work. If that bothers you, you are just going to have to adjust your worldview to be compatible with the reality you were born into. As far as I can see, the two concepts have no bearing on each other whatsoever, but in any case, I can't help you to understand how something doesn't imply something else. You're going to have to justify how it does imply that. You can start by defining "situational" and "relative". >Over the past few years, usability of free software has improved slightly. Slightly ? It has improved by leaps and bounds. I just switched from Mac OS X to using Ubuntu almost exclusively, and aside from a few bumps here and there, I have been very happy with it. That's a plunge I wouldn't have even considered three years ago. But Starbucks did not start out as a bathroom provider before transitioning into making coffee. If you were a company that provided restrooms open to the public, it would be crazy for you to try to then "pivot" that into a profitable business by making the bathrooms harder to find and trying to sell customers coffee while they danced in place, straining not to pee on your floor as they looked desperately around the shop for your facilities. >There's no such thing as a free lunch, if you forgive the cliche. Yes, but that doesn't turn everything non-free into a lunch. Try to force your change to happen too quickly, and you're simply going to watch your customers boil away to nothing. In the end, your customer base will be little more than the kind of people that make cybersquatters money because they think that the best way to search for bullets is to type "bullet.com" into the URL bar. I would be surprised if he didn't have Ashkenas's blessing on the name, since he's been the second biggest contributor to the main CoffeeScript project. Well, one reason that it could go that way is that the attitude that the maintainers has had toward feature-creep is "just make your own fork!" That's why we now have more dialects than we can shake a stick at, but it has kept the main branch from becoming PHP. I'm not sure I agree that ASI is an "error-correction feature". Die-hard always-semicolon advocates certainly would like to paint it that way, but I think that may be rewriting history a bit. Fair enough, but a statement like "compiled output shouldn't be relying on an error-correction feature" is only (self-evidently) true if we're using the informal, taking-it-personally connotations of "error correction". Also, any minifier that turns valid javascript into invalid javascript is broken, full stop. "Transpiler" is a subset of "compiler", so it can hardly be a demeaning term. A transpiler is simply a compiler that translates code from language A to language B where A and B have roughly the same abstraction level. It is true that CoffeeScript is slightly more abstract than JavaScript in a few features (although JavaScript's inheritance model is more abstract than CoffeeScript's classes, for example), but any difference in abstraction level is tiny compared to the difference between, say, C and assembly. >How are we to parse all this information? Do any of these people know what they are talking about? And if anyone does, how can we know which ones to listen to? The research of Dunning and Kruger may well tell us there is no way to figure out the answers to any of these questions. Yikes, that's a stretch. Dunning and Kruger's work tells us nothing about our ability to assess others' competence; just our ability to assess our own . This idea of trying to apply that to arrive at "how do we know which experts to listen to?" is really reaching. The problem with taking advice from someone who has succeeded is that you never know how much of their success was simply luck, and how much was actually strategy. As for the successful people themselves, they tend to believe wholeheartedly that their success is at most 10% luck. This is usually optimistic. The fact is that no matter how faithfully you reproduce the superstitious rituals of a past lottery winner, your odds will be the same as everyone else's. It is foolish to walk in someone else's footsteps before you assess the odds and find out how much effect the strategy actually has, and that successful person is not who you should talk to to make that assessment. >Changing your strategy because you keep failing over and over until you finally succeed is 90% non-luck. Well, I should clarify that by "luck" I really mean "anything other than the strategy a person attributes their success to". For example, it seems that Steve Jobs believed very strongly in magical thinking. In the end, it probably cost him his life, but he really seems to have believed that his success was, at least partially, due to his spiritualism. In that sense, even if his success were due to his other skills, I would categorize it as "luck" in the context of discussing the effects of Zen Buddhism. If you took 1,000 other people and had them apply the same spiritual principles to their lives, you would find that Jobs' success was still anomalous and would need some other explanation. So when I say "luck", I am not making a judgment about whether the person "deserves" their success, or whether there was "skill involved" with their success. Instead, the meaning of "luck" that I am using is more related to the concept of statistical noise. It may seem weird to say "Steve Jobs wasn't successful because of Zen Buddhism; he was just lucky that he happened to have one of the best marketing minds of his generation combined with an excellent understanding of aesthetics and user interface, and an aggressive instinct for competition", but that is what I mean. Admittedly, using the lottery as an analogy may have been distracting. The fact is, simply becoming successful cannot give you a strong idea of why you were successful. It gives you one data point and no scientific control. You will encounter other successful people, but this is not a random sample, and it only tells you one side of the story. The only way to even begin to figure out what strategies are actually causally related to success would be to analyze a proper random sample of both successful and unsuccessful people and look for correlations. The simplicity and elegance of this algorithm is really breathtaking. I'm mostly thinking out loud here, but I think you could use a related process to do inter-frame interpolation for smooth time-scaling of video. >Surely there's nothing wrong with speaking from experience though? Speaking from experience is fine until you start acting like your single experience can be taken as anything more than an interesting anecdote. This presumption is implied when one uses aggressive phrases like "quit whining". That's not even a response to what randomdata said. S/he observed, correctly, that switching strategies until you succeed does not imply that you were not lucky. On the other hand, we can demonstrate extremely strong correlations between very specific applications of effort/skill and success at getting PHDs and marathons. Perhaps, but is that something that that Dunning and Kruger (or anyone, for that matter) has actually demonstrated? Well, yes, you can interpolate in the frequency domain like that, which works pretty well for resampling 2D data as well. However, it does not transition shapes from location to location; instead, it looks like one frame is fading into another. What's fascinating about this multiscale algorithm is that it appears to actually exaggerate the motions rather than merely increasing the contrast of the changes. Then maybe they should stop whining about piracy. >By applying heat to Fraunhofer’s zeolite comes into contact with water, a chemical reaction adsorbs the water and emits heat. Parse Error: Unexpected verb "comes" on line 129. I'm starting to think it might be wise, if you intend to reuse your password on multiple sites, to salt it yourself. By using a form like " And yes, yes, I know you shouldn't be reusing your password across different sites, or using a dictionary word anyway. And teenagers also shouldn't be drinking, doing drugs and having sex. It doesn't help anything to pretend that people are going to behave optimally. Of course, the preposterous restrictions that websites put on passwords, like maximum password length, will make this idea harder to put into practice. That was a very classy way to say "I don't want reddit to do to HN what Digg did to reddit." >And while we're at it, mathematicians: stop using variables that rhyme. Bs, Cs, Ds, Es, Ps, Zs, it makes my head hurt. I had a linear algebra teacher who was (I think) from Ukraine. Roughly all letters rhymed when he said them, and "a", "e", "i" were homophones. Also, if that's what should be encouraged, someone might as well put together a simple framework for automating it. Basically, you hard code a list of salts and a list of hash function names (which could also be automatically generated by a tool), and it gives you a new hash function which is the composition of those other functions. There's no reason for everyone to try to do it by hand and risk messing it up in some simple way. And if there were an easy to use framework for doing it, there would be no reason for only larger sites to use it. Using a custom hash function could simply be a best practice. But honestly, I'd be pretty happy if we could get all sites with 50,000+ users to salt and hash their passwords with any algorithm. >Tie a card-carrying cryptographer to a chair until he delivers it ? Alternatively, implement it very, very simply and put it on github, and ask card-carrying cryptographers to vet it. That one is harder on the ego though. I tend to agree, which is why my whole comment was conditional on "if it's a good idea for everyone to use custom hash functions". Basically, if we're going to have custom hash functions, we want to reduce the "roll your own" aspect of that to a minimum. If I'm not mistaken, the first paragraph is wrong. All signs point to LinkedIn having used un salted hashes. The substance of the article seems good, but why was it necessary to mention that it was a female high school student? Is her lack of a penis somehow involved with this discussion? >Really I just think this is a knee-jerk reaction. I think Microsoft is really trying and people are just gonna hate I'm really having trouble crying any tears of sympathy here. When you behave in a harmful and unacceptable manner, you have to be on your best behavior for a long time before people can trust you again. That's just how it works. >P.S. I still can't dual boot android on my iPhone, so why is Apple any better? Apple is a closed system, more so than Microsoft. Who said anything about Apple? Why do people always bring up Apple when anyone says something bad about Microsoft? Yes, Apple is hurting the software world with their practices. That has no bearing on whether Microsoft is too. Well, if the author had tied that point into the article in some way, that would be fine. But he didn't. >Did those updates break Netscape? And it had nothing to do with Netscape self destructing with a failed rewrite, right? The Netscape rewrite was like the Titanic snapping in two. By that point, the ship had, for all practical purposes, sunk. Yes, exactly. After several phoenix iterations of that kind, you might have something approaching usable. It seems to me that there have been a few more lately than usual. I'm all for it though; the only way sites are going to start treating passwords responsibly is if they're embarrassed into doing it. First of all, choosing nursery rhymes or movie titles isn't much better than choosing dictionary words. That strategy has been shown to have low entropy. Multiword passwords are easier to remember, but you need something actually random. If you want a strong multiword password, it's a good idea to have an actual RNG do it for you, so you can use something like http://passphra.se/ . If they don't already, hackers will soon have dictionaries that will crack passwords like "ring around the rosy" and "there is no spoon" as easily as "champagne", but they're never going to crack a password like "eager man dirt fly" in better than brute force time. OK, so with that out of the way, let's say you've chosen a weak (and common) password. If people start using this self-salting scheme, it's a fair bet someone else that will use the same self-salt as you, and that means two identical hashes in the database. That's bad news. But it's also easy to fix. Simply choose some fixed salt to also add to your password. It could be the first two letters of your username, for example. That way, if "bobmarley" and "jackblack" both have the password "champagne" and both used the first four letters of the website for their salt, then on linked in one will be "linkbochampagne" and the other will be "linkjachampagne", and they can rest knowing that it's very unlikely that their password will hash the same as someone else's. Isn't that putting a lot of trust into Dropbox, and into your own ability to make sure that you never accidentally leave a computer logged in on Dropbox? Oh, that makes sense. Well, take all the ways that it could be unsafe, and (by some measure) estimate some utilitarian cost of rolling the drug out early for each individual person for each unsafe scenario. Now multiply each of those costs by the probability of that unsafe outcome happening for a given individual, sum those up and place them in column A. Now take the probability that the drug is effective and multiply it by each individual's probability of getting Alzheimer's, and then multiply that by the utilitarian penalty for that person having Alzheimer's. Put that in column B. Subtract column B from column A and put that in column C. Any row who has a positive value in column C - that is for whom it's better to wait and vet the treatment's safety. Practically speaking, these will be people who know they are genetically predisposed to Alzheimer's and get the vaccine before they show any signs. Now, if we could actually run the calculations I mentioned above, the problem would disappear because we wouldn't simply say "approved as safe" or "rejected as unsafe". We'd just keep a running tally of the odds of safety and give the treatment to people according to the desperation of their individual case. But unfortunately, that's not the world we live in. That's good advice but it doesn't protect you from your password having the same hash on multiple sites. >It doesn't surprise me at all that so many beautiful iOS apps are created in XCode Seems like a spurious correlation to me. Both Xcode and the iOS frameworks were designed by Apple, a company known for their excellent interface design and aesthetically pleasing look and feel. iOS apps aren't beautiful because Xcode is beautiful. iOS apps and Xcode are beautiful because Apple designed their interface elements. I'm pretty impressed that in Chrome, the WebGL version has a considerably better framerate than the Flash version. The trick to your claim is "fully equivalent hardware". I just bought a System76 laptop after a lifetime of using macs exclusively, and there was just no contest on price. To get a roughly equivalent machine from Apple would have cost nearly twice as much. Yes, that would have included a few nifty little things here and there that simply weren't available for the machine I got, just as my machine has some things I couldn't have gotten on a mac. But to claim that Apple is competitive on price is just absurd. They're very competitive on hardware/software integration, on usability, an aesthetics, on stability. But not on price. Sublime Text makes me feel silly for loving a text editor so much. Now if only it would do text completion across multiple files... Possibly, but that's a lot fancier and less "just works" than I'm interested in. I just want the same extremely simple "what words have I seen before" autocompletion that you get on a file-by-file basis, but as if I had every open file concatenated into one. I'm going to have to disagree with you pretty strongly. F is just about the most difficult basic chord to play. In fact, besides B flat, it's the only one on the graph that requires four fingers (or a barre). Similarly, A minor is much easier to play than C, yet it is far less common. The popularity of C and Em as keys is undoubtedly a result of what's easy to play on a standard guitar with no capo, but I see no correlation between chord popularity and ease of playing. >and was literally blown away Where did you end up? Did you land on something soft? Technically, yes, but a) that generally sounds weak, and b) it increases the difficulty of playing the chord because it means you have to either mute or pass over the first string. Yeah, turning up the volume or strumming harder isn't exactly going to fill out that frequency spectrum. > certainly no harder than any other first position chord except perhaps Em Or, of course, Em11, although you might call that 0th position. What do you mean by "meant to"? I suppose humans are also "meant to" be eaten by bears or die from minor infections, but I'm not exactly eager to sign up for that, are you? Yes. Believe it or not, despite what certain faddists would have you believe, the "lots of saturated fat is actually really good for you" position is still contradicted by the vast preponderance of evidence. Fortunately, modern technology makes it very easy to get adequate B12 without consuming any animal products. Huh? I've been a vegetarian for 16 years, and a vegan for one year, and I'm quite adjusted. I don't remember any generations passing in that time, but I might not have been paying attention. As a matter of fact, it already sometimes does. For example, Texas Pete canned chili sauce contains soy grits instead of meat, yet makes no attempt on its packaging to advertise that it is vegetarian. I also wouldn't be surprised, given the incredibly low cost of textured gluten, if there were a fair number of Chinese restaurants out there passing it off as "duck" in their dishes. So far, vegetarian meat substitutes have been treated as a niche luxury good and made very expensive for western markets, but this is an artificial effect caused by demographics on the demand side, not a matter of supply costs. You can see proof of this by shopping for fake meat at Asian markets and comparing the prices to those in the hippie section of their local supermarket. A bag of dried soy protein that will turn into the equivalent of several pounds of ground beef can easily be found for under $3. For whom? Certainly not for me, I'm quite willing to pay a cost premium for real meat. For poor third-world villagers, then? I have my doubts. I mean, so many cultures in the world attach so much cultural significance to eating meat, and the less often you get to eat it the more significant it is. That is a pretty weird false dichotomy there, and I don't know if you intended it, but you basically just divided the world into "people who can afford and are willing to pay extra for real meat" and "third-world villagers". Also, meat substitutes are already winning on price in some Asian cultures. You'd think that "feels just like a real vagina, only much cheaper and less trouble" would be a selling point, but it turns out that they're significantly less popular than the real thing. And then you followed it up with one of the worst, and most sexist analogies I've ever seen. First of all, why it's sexist: for your analogy to work, you must assume that the difference between a fleshlight and a real vagina is less than (or at least comparable to) the difference between meat and meat substitutes. One of the principal differences between fleshlights and real vaginas is that real vaginas have women attached to them. So if your analogy is to work at all , we must accept that the significance of a woman is less than the significance of the difference between fake and real meat. Preposterous. Secondly, why the analogy fails anyway: I think you'll find that if it were a contest to see what's rubbing penises the most, men's hands would be winning by a landslide . From the article: >There's no good evidence of that I love when people use "there's no good evidence" to mean "there is a tiny amount of evidence to the contrary, and that's the only evidence I am choosing to pay attention to". People are silly. It's not really any more difficult to keep your nutrition balanced as a vegan than as a carnivore. Either way, you have to pay a bit of attention to what you eat, not eat too much of this, and not eat too little of that. And what's wrong with taking supplements? You keep invoking the concept of "natural", but there is nothing intrinsically superior about nature. Humans are in control now, and we're doing a lot better for ourselves than nature ever did. >I'd like to see something like Reddit that was more like a network. As you "downvote" something or someone you push yourself away from that network. As you upvote something/someone you push yourself closer to that network. If I understand you correctly, you could still game that; it would just take more effort. Instead of selling accounts with high karma, people would sell accounts centered in large clusters of users. Also, I'm not positive, but I think the system you're describing is computationally prohibitive. >as the only way to generate a large cluster would be to generate more fake users around that cluster. Oh no, people are very predictable, especially at the median. Getting a reddit account to a high karma score is trivially easy, and getting to the center of a dense cluster in relative networked karma system would be similarly easy. In fact, many of our ancestors were often eating so little meat as to be nutritionally insignificant, which is the other major hole in the "eating meat is natural" argument. But I really don't know why you added "heavily spiced" in there. Spices are usually more or less nutritionally neutral. I don't understand what makes this a "different kind of coloring book". Because it has flood fill? >Why does it appear the internet only has two modes, Blind Adoration and Violent Lynch Mob ? Because the majority set of modes which fall under the broad umbrella of "general apathy" isn't very noticeable. The biggest problem with this is that it requires uniqueness to be traded for error tolerance. People are going to have different typing styles depending on their mental and physical state, and their typing styles will change over time. In addition, while the space of possible typing signatures is very large, the space of actual typing signatures is much smaller. So we simultaneously have to assign each person a blob of signature space which is big enough that it can positively identify them regardless of whether they've had their morning coffee (or, god help them, they cut their finger or break their arm), and small enough that we don't have so much signature overlap as to make the system useless. In either case everybody will have to have a fallback password in case their stride is off one day. If the system works well, then that password will be rarely used. A rarely used password is harder to remember than a regularly used one, so people will choose weak passwords for the fallback. So the only way that this system has any chance of working without grossly compromising everyone's security, is if it barely ever positively identifies anyone. Of course, even if it did work perfectly, it would be the equivalent of having the same password everywhere. In that case, why not just memorize one strong password? How many people were there? Did he have any way of estimating the entropy of the signatures? Did you try the demo over multiple days, and at different times of day, to see if it continued to identify you correctly? >it's only drawback is the lack of necessity No, that's not the only drawback. Be very careful when talking about cryptography and security never to assume that you are aware of all of the weaknesses unless you've got a formal proof. One very big drawback I can think of off the top of my head is that it would essentially be like having the same password everywhere, and being completely unable to change that password. If someone records your typing style once, they will be able to get to absolutely everything that identifies you based on typing style. At least with retina scans and fingerprints, there are mechanical obstacles to producing a facsimile. I am shocked — shocked! — that someone from Adobe believes a proposition that implies a continued niche for Adobe in the web development market. It's hard to imagine having much regret about a switch to CS since it would be so easy to convert your code back to JS if you ever needed to (and since you could do so incrementally). That's true. Proofs rely on assumptions, and in the real world, those assumptions may hold in all cases. Failing to recognize that will lead you to thinking very silly things, like that that Gödel's incompleteness theorems have deep philosophical implications. I also find objections like the "createBunnyOrToaster" antipattern to be really, really uncompelling. You don't need a static type system to make sure that your functions are sane and consistent, and you don't have to be John Resig either. First of all, put a comment at the top of your function that says what to expect about the return value. You should be doing this anyway because the return type alone is often not sufficient for future programmers reading your code. Secondly, every time you write the word "return", look up at the top of your function and make sure you are in accordance with what you said the function would do. If you end up with a paragraph comment about what the return value will be like, refactor. > First of all, put a comment at the top of your function that says what to expect about the return value. I want a language that gives me a nice pleasant syntax for doing that. And I want a magic pony; but as I said, declaring the return type doesn't tell users anywhere near all they need to know in many cases. Truly self documenting code doesn't exist, and will probably never exist. And since you can't usefully discuss the return value without implicitly disclosing its type in the comments, declaring the type in the code is redundant. Now granted, there are a few nice features that you get in terms of debugging by declaring the type in a way that the computer can read. But I don't think I have personally ever actually run into a bug in a dynamically typed language that would have been avoided by a static type system. Conversely, there are some nice things you can do when the compiler isn't breathing down your neck to make sure that all of your types are consistent. If we had a static type system that allowed me to do elegant, type-agnostic things without getting in my way, that would be lovely. Haskell comes close, but even it falls short of the ideal. Ultimately I have never found the trade off to be worthwhile. As a programmer, you should be trained that when you see "every time", you think "automate this". I think that's pretty specious. You do need to consistently check to make sure that your code matches your comments and documentation. You simply can't automate that because humans and computers do not speak the same language. >Great, so now the documentation for the function will promise to return a motorcycle, but instead return either a bunny or a toaster. Not if you follow the second part of my above advice. >There are lies, damn lies, and boilerplate code comments. Since when is a comment that explains what a function does "boilerplate"? I think you are confused. I wondered this briefly as well, but can assure you that it is not. They resolve almost instantly for me, so I fortunately don't have to spend 10 minutes wondering if something is just noise. I've read the book, so I knew that it shouldn't be an autostereogram. But checking is kind of an automatic procedure when I see an image like that. >In particular, in the book skilled hackers are able to discern meaning from what otherwise looks like binary noise just by looking at it. Erm, that's not really what the image is a reference too. The noise is what the titular "snow crash" looks like when you use a particular digital "drug" (well not exactly a drug, but, spoilers you know). I don't recall anything about hackers being able to read binary code by looking at bitmaps, and I'm pretty sure that statement is contradicted by Hiro's skepticism that the binary code in the Snow Crash drug could actually have any effect on a human brain simply by entering the visual cortex. Anything you feel like you're seeing in there is probably nothing more than pareidolia. Well, if you're having major problems keeping the project's code and comments in sync, no compiler will save you. Oh, good catch. I'm embarrassed that it didn't occur to me to point that out. Incidentally, the "rotated parabola" representation of quadratic bezier curves can be extremely useful when writing highly optimized code, as it lends itself to closed form solutions in some situations where the parametric representation does not. My own experience with it is largely gleaned from personally exploring and optimizing algorithms. At some point I'll write a blog post about it. In short, though, there are two main properties that are difficult to calculate in parametric form, but relatively easy in rotated parabola segment form. The first is arc length, which is needed for dividing a curve into uniform line segments, and the second is point-to-curve distance. One other thing that is sometimes needed is to be able to ensure that a curve does not change direction, and split it into two segments if it does. This is trivial with the parabolic representation, as a change in direction can only happen at the parabola's vertex. (Note: it's actually been quite a while since I worked with all of this, so I may have misremembered some details here) >Since when is css copyrighted? Is that a serious question? Yes, it does. In the US, all copyrightable creative works (which includes CSS files) are copyrighted by default as soon as they are created. The system is opt-out, not opt-in. Hmm, you do have a point. It seems that Malaysian and Indian law are what we need to know here, since that's where the two parties are based. Q: How long until VPNs become illegal? A: No. Doesn't really fit. This is rather perplexing. I mean, first of all, this isn't really Skout's problem. Yes, there is a problem with sexual predators using the internet to find victims, but banning teens from Skout doesn't actually do anything to prevent that. Secondly, if this is how they were going to react in this scenario, what the hell was Skout thinking letting minors sign up in the first place? Were they just hopelessly naïve? That analogy is nonsense. On what basis do you make that judgment? Does the amount of medication people take simply offend your aesthetic sensibilities, or do you actually have documented side-effects you'd like to discuss. I think most of those are up/down arrows. I had a credit card when I was a teenager. A check card, actually, but I don't think any website would have known the difference. The script appears to rely on jQuery (which is presumably already included in the pages being scraped in this case). If you're already familiar with using jQuery for DOM manipulation, then using it for scraping is incredibly easy. One advantage is that it's not always instantly obvious if you'll need JS to execute before you can scrape a page. If you start out with a simply html parser and then find out that you needed the JS to run first, you're going to have to start over. If you start out using phantomJS and then find out that you don't need any of the original JS to run, your script still works. Arguably, though, what makes a default "sensible" depends on how the technology is being used. I'm speculating here, but it could be that there are settings that greatly increase performance with 3000 connections. In that case, would it not be a sensible default to start out with the fast, lower scale option? In the US, SCOTUS did at least rule that they need a warrant for that. It would be far more effective to simply rely on dead reckoning until GPS service is restored. >In-game trading virtual goods is a niche novelty activity, and trading them for real money even more so. There are some very successful entrepreneurs who made their fortunes off of in-game trading that would disagree. It looks to me like it's using jQuery specific functions. It could be done with a simpler selector engine, but in this case, it looks pretty clear that it's either jQuery or a compatible library like Zepto. A handful of people making money does make it not a novelty activity. It's still a niche, but it's not a novelty. You aren't going to see an organized crime ecosystem on the level of the consequences of alcohol and drug prohibition, but I think it's reasonable to think that making it illegal will drive it underground rather than getting rid of it, especially when the market will continue to thrive outside of South Korea.