People write minimal Lisps because they're easy while being elucidating. You can describe a compiler for a more-than-minimal Lisp in a forum post. 1) Specify representations for: integers, strings, symbols, and cons-es; specify a data structure for the symbol table and define INTERN properly. 2) Implement the reader, cribbing heavily from CLHS 2.1.4, 2.2. Set up constituent, whitespace, and terminating character classes, and implement reader macros for at least quote, double quote, and left/right parens. 3) Specify a representation for the environment, which will map symbols to offsets of variables on the stack frame; have a stack of these objects. 4) Figure out what special operators to handle. You can get away with just: lambda, progn, if, quote, let. 5) Starting from each top level form, walk the code recursively. Each element you encounter will either be: a) a top-level definition b) a single symbol variable reference c) a list with a symbol at its head which is a special form d) a list with a symbol at its head which is a function call As you walk the code, push a new environment onto the stack for each lambda and let you come across, which you pop off when you're done walking the corresponding body (but make sure you save it somewhere). 5.1) In one pass, collect information on closed-over variables. Walk the code looking for variables which are referenced (5b) but are not present in the environment. In that case search up the stack. If you find it in a parent environment, it's a closed-over variable. If you don't find it at all, it's a global variable. 5.2) Use the environment structures you just collected to assign local variables to stack slots. Figure out a closure representation (use a code pointer followed by an array of closed-over variables). Use the info you collected in (5.1) to assign variables to stack slots and closure variable references to closure variable slots. 5.3) In a second pass, generate code. When you reach: a) A TLD, emit a call to the runtime to associate a global name with a lambda b) A variable reference, emit code to either load the value from the stack slot noted in your environment structure, or from the appropriate closure slot, or emit a call to the runtime to look up a global value. c) A special form: generate function prologues/epilogs when you reach a lambda form, use labels and jumps to implement 'if', and use whatever data facilities your assembler has to handle quote-ed literals. When you reach a nested lambda, emit its code as a separate function, then at the point where it is used as a value in the parent function call a closure creation function providing it with the address of the generated code plus the values of all closed-over variables. d) A function call, emit a call to the runtime to look up the global value, then evaluate each of the arguments left to right, pushing them onto the stack. Then, jump to the body of the function. 6) Implement the runtime functions for cons handling, the global symbol table, and closure creation. Extend as you see fit to include mutable variables, etc. So when you're marking, you're working off a mark stack. You pop an object off the market stack, scan it and mark each of its children, then put any newly-marked children onto the mark stack. Note that the mark stack separates when an object gets marked from when it is scanned and its children marked. So when the read barrier triggers, you can mark the object and put it on the mark stack, as if you'd just scanned its parent. The object's children will get recursively marked when the marker processes the object from the mark stack, but that can happen independently of the read barrier fault. You might, but all the people using Facebook really don't. Especially the whole 13-33 contingent raised with the internet - the convenience of being able to keep in touch with your friends circle is worth more to them than their privacy. If you think privacy concerns are going to hinder Facebook's profitability you're completely wrong. "but also shows that Watson is no different than established A. I." How does it show that? You want to use a $500 tablet as a $20 flash drive? And carry a USB cable that'll take up more space in aforementioned $20 flash drive? That is really one of the problems with Apples' competitors - they just don't get the use cases. The author's argument is specious. You need design guidelines in place for any language feature. You can say the same thing about interfaces in Java - you see a call x.doFoo() and you have no idea what code gets called! Well yes, that's why you formalize your module interfaces and don't let people just randomly create interfaces between modules, etc, etc. Even in assembly you can define a function _do_foo that actually does "bar." You need to know how to architect code with meta-programming in mind, no doubt. But this isn't any harder than architecting code with any other language feature in mind. Just as you need to clearly specify the semantics of your interfaces, you need to clearly specify the semantics of DSLs. Managed properly, DSL's can have a tremendous positive impact on the code-base. I've been mucking around in compilers lately, and one thing that never ceases to amaze me is SBCL. The compiler is about 55K LOC + 15K LOC for each native back-end. That's about the same size as the C1 compiler in Hotspot, but does a whole lot more (ie: includes the front-end of the compiler, while C1 gets low-level bytecode as input, has to deal with type inferencing and lambda lifting and all sorts of other things to bring a high-level dynamic language down to machine code, etc, etc). And it does that with algorithms about 15 years older (it doesn't have the benefit of SSA form which would massively simplify many of the optimizations SBCL performs). Macros are a huge part of how SBCL does it. There are 123 macro definitions in the compiler, and they do a tremendous job in cutting code by making DSLs for things like specifying code generators, etc. As for readability - because it's well designed and well-commented, it's surprisingly maintainable and readable for a code-base that's 25 years old and has been maintained by so many different people over the years. Fair point, but using it as a USB drive? To what end? Whether your "simple loop" is actually simple depends on the complexity of the underlying problem. At a certain point, it takes less time to understand the abstraction + the code using that abstraction than to understand the fully-expanded code without the abstraction. If you're just adding up the elements of an array, no big deal use a simple loop. If you're iterating through three lists of potentially unequal length processing some triplets and skipping others and returning some data structure based on that iteration, a raw loop is going to be anything but simple and readable while using an abstraction like CL's LOOP is going to result in something very manageable. To give an empirical example off the top of my head, look at any compiler code written in C. Iterating over flow graphs is a big PITA because they're nested heterogenous structures (a procedure has basic blocks which has instructions which has uses and defs). You iterate over them a lot and a lot of iterations end up being complex triply-nested affairs. Nearly all compilers written in C use some sort of abstraction to deal with this complexity. Eg: GCC has a bunch of macros of the form FOR_EACH_ that use the pre-processor. Look through some really old Lisp code sometime. SBCL is highly readable despite being: 1) 25 years old and touched by tons of different people since then; 2) a program that does some really complicated things in a pretty small space (~60 KLOC for the arch-independent portion). When you see (def-ir1-transform ...) in the SBCL source, it's immediately obvious what is about to come along (at least if you know about compilers). Similarly old C code (eg: GCC) is completely incomprehensible in comparison. Why isn't Smalltalk, Prolog, Modula, ML, Eifel, FORTRAN, Ada, APL, etc, more widely used? Because there can only be a couple of "mainstream" languages, and C/C++ took up all the mindshare in that period. In fact, a more useful question is: "why is Lisp even used as much as it is?" The current Common Lisp standard is 20 years old, and yet it supports a pretty active if small user community, which is more than can be said of most of its contemporaries. It's scary because it's old and ALL IN CAPS. Modern Lisp code is much easier to read, especially in a proper editor with syntax highlighting and braces matching. Eg, fib in C: int fib(int n) { if(n The parens aren't really that annoying once you get used to them, and I personally find them a lot less distracting than the profusion of commas and curly braces that C-syntax languages use in their place. Eg: {{"apples", RED}, {"bananas", YELLOW}, {"oranges", ORANGE}} '(("apples" RED) ("bananas" YELLOW) ("oranges" ORANGE)) Also, don't forget that abstraction makes everything more readable: (dolist (var '(1 2 3 4)) (princ a)) for(list::iterator itr = list.begin(); itr != list.end(); ++itr) { cout http://www.infoq.com/articles/azul_gc_in_detail#appendixa ^^^ Details how their read barrier works. Cost of living calculators are probably not that misleading for people in the $100k range. Your after-tax income in Houston on $100k salary is $73k. Your after-tax income in San Fran on $186k salary is $111k. So taxes alone reduce the initial $86k difference to $38k. A similarly nice apartment in San Fran will easily run you $2k/mo more than in Houston, reducing the difference to $14k. The difference will be further reduced by other location dependent expenses: property and sales taxes, food, insurance, gas, entertainment, etc. A Big Mac in New York costs 50% more than a Big Mac in Miami.* Movie tickets in New York are about $12.50 versus $7.50 nationwide. A drink at a bar is about double in New York versus in Atlanta (where I used to live). ) http://research.stlouisfed.org/publications/review/03/11/pak... , p. 24. *) http://jabcatmovies.com/2010/01/movie-ticket-prices-new-york... For people in typical earnings ranges, the majority of your income is spent on location-dependent costs: taxes, rent, insurance, food, entertainment, etc, not on discretionary spending like BMWs* or iPhones. *) Also, BMW's only cost you the same everywhere if you pay sticker for a new car. Used cars have significantly different prices in different zip codes. One hour each way or total?! "Liberal" and "conservative" are relative terms. Obviously their absolute meaning changes as the median relative to which they are defined changes. As for anarcho-communism, it distinguishes communism involving a strong central authority from communism involving no or decentralized authority. Javascript's semantics already suck and CoffeeScript is kind of stuck with that. Might as well focus on what they can make better. Just a law student, but I can buy the SOX thing. Companies have very different approaches to compliance, get advice from different counsel, account for things in different ways, etc. I feel like there is a Occam's Razor argument in here. What purpose besides SOX could Apple have in not giving away XCode 4? Could be pure greed as others are saying, but when Apple wants to make money they're incredibly good at it. How many people are going to download XCode? Tens of thousands? Apple might stand to make, what $100k off the venture? If they were really trying to monetize XCode why would they price it so they don't make any money off it? If you just need gcc: http://llvm.org/releases/download.html#2.8 Also, how many Apple developers don't already have an iTunes account? First, Apple does make the GCC source available: http://www.opensource.apple.com/source/gcc/gcc-5646/ Second, Apple doesn't ship GCC in the default install, why would they need to make it the source available? Something something "living Constitution" something something. I don't think I'd be going out on a limb if I said when the founding fathers penned the Copyright Clause, their original understanding only contemplated civil action. It's not the JS engine that's the security problem. It's that the JS engine requires allowing apps to mark pages as executable. Executable pages opens up a whole another vector of attacks that have nothing to do with dangerous JS apps. You missed the point of his argument. Consider the Crash Bandicoot folks. Sure after Naughty Dog got bought, Sony couldn't figure out how to deal with the Lisp codebase and future projects were in C++. But Lisp let them build the first major platform game on the PSX, beating Sony itself to the market, and none of the stuff afterwards would've happened without that. The points about LLVM being designed for "static C-like languages" isn't totally on-point. There as an impedance mismatch between Python and LLVM, but it's less about dynamic versus static than it is about the nature of the stack frame. In LLVM, most optimizations operate on SSA values (the Value class in the LLVM IR). There is some support for CSE-ing loads, etc, but the effectiveness of that depends heavily on your alias information. So to get good optimization out of LLVM, you've got to represent things as Value's. This is hard to do in Python. Python's lexical scoping semantics are a little bit wonky and there are lots of scenarios in which the thread's stack frame is reified as an object. So without some heavy analysis, you end up keeping your local variables in an activation frame object on the heap, and at that point you're toast. The local variables themselves won't be represented as SSA Value's, and most of the LLVM optimizations won't do anything with them. This is not a "dynamic language" thing per se. Lisp, which is also a dynamic language, actually maps quite cleanly to LLVM. Every binding introduced by LET is already in SSA form unless it is either closed-over, assigned-to, or both. 1) If the value is just closed-over, you demote it to the function's environment and replace uses of the variable with a load from the environment vector. 2) If the value is just assigned-to, you just demote it to a stack slot via ALLOCA and LLVM's mem2reg pass will take care of re-promoting it to a Value. This latter technique is exactly what Clang does for all C local variables, so LLVM is highly-tuned for handling this scenario. In C, variables that have their address taken cannot be promoted, but this cannot happen in Lisp so every assigned-to value demoted to an ALLOCA should be promotable. 3) If a value is both assigned-to and closed over, you demote it to a heap-allocated box and replace all uses with heap references. After this transformation, nearly every Lisp variable is an SSA Value, and the optimizers can work with them. Even if you use function calls to do generic arithmetic, etc, LLVM will happily CSE them for you as long as you mark those functions as readnone (ie: pure). Now, there are some things LLVM won't do for you. It can't const-propagate generic arithmetic because it does't know the semantics. It can't do reassociation, etc, because you're not using the ADD/SUB, etc instructions. I don't see anything that would prevent you from doing it yourself in a custom pass, however. In short, the criticism isn't so much that LLVM has an impedance mismatch with dynamic languages as it is that it only handles the bottom of the optimization stack. You still need to do the high-level language-specific optimizations before handing things to LLVM. It's not a big deal for LuaJIT because it uses a clever tagging format that can hold a boxed 64-bit float in a register. Global type inference (which is what you'd be doing if you used a points-to analysis to figure out what methods would be called) is a fragile optimization. Runtime type feedback (observing the actual type at call sites and doing optimistic compilation based on that) is more robust and predictable (your points-to analysis doesn't suddenly fail just because there is a single polymorphic use somewhere in the code). That in itself is orthogonal to tracing. Runtime type feedback was developed on whole-method compilers, after all. Tracing is neat, and it's in vogue because it gets you to a "good" optimizer with relatively little development cost, but you can do all the things tracing does in a whole-method compiler with more engineering work. On-stack replacement (necessary for doing optimistic compilation) is arguably easier in a tracing compiler, and is definitely the major thing missing in LLVM for dynamic language implementations. But all of this is one step beyond the threshold problem. Even all these tricks don't help you if you can't reify your local variables as SSA values --- all that fancy LLVM machinery won't see anything to optimize. There are various aspects of Python's local variable semantics that seem to harken to days when stack frames were implemented with dictionaries (eg: del). There may be a way to map this cleanly to register variables but it's not clear to me how you'd do this. Beyond that there are several places where you can introspect the activation. See: locals(), some of the fields in the code object, etc. Again, there may be implementation techniques you can use to get around this, but there isn't an obvious and clean mapping to SSA values as there is for Lisp-like languages. Common Lisp supports that --- it doesn't really much with compilation too much. Static whole program type analysis is pretty much a lost cause for any production compiler. I don't know what you're expecting. Your algorithm is basically: 1) Read a line from a stream, parse it into an integer. 2) Do a little math. 3) Convert an integer into text and print it to a stream. In Python, (1) and (3) are implemented in C. For Common Lisp, (1) and (3) are mostly implemented in Lisp. Beyond that, (1) and (3) will completely dominate the runtime. (2) is probably just a couple of dozen CPU cycles, but the print and terpri will involve flushing stdout, which will involve a system call which will be thousands to tens of thousands of CPU cycles. Depending on how the stream is buffered, the read-line will likely involve a system call as well. Basically in this test is just measuring how quickly the program can sit and wait for read()/write() system calls to complete. Since they're both calling into the same kernel, it's unsurprising they're the same speed. IIRC it uses the same principle (Brayton cycle). It's just a lot easier to put in a car. It is under-appreciated how open Harvard, Yale, etc, have gotten in modern times. While tuition at Harvard might be 70% of the median annual income today, someone whose family makes $50k/year pays nothing in tuition. At Yale between $60k-$120k, tuition is held at about 10% of family income. Full tuition doesn't phase in until well over $200k. My brother is at Yale, and his classmates are by and large the children of upper middle class professionals. Certainly kids who've gotten a good shake in life, but mostly people who got in because of good SAT scores and extracurriculars, not donations or political connections. Groklaw filled a huge void. Done by someone who is a proponent of free software but also knowledgable about the law. As similar debates rage on in copyright and patent spaces, I think the need for that perspective will remain. We don't need more commentary from folks who don't know what the patent act §101 bars are. We need folks who understand the legal framework and can advocate for consumer rights within that framework. Hopefully someone steps in to fill PJ's shoes. Of course it does. Eg. Fed creates $100 by buying a security X. Bank gets $100, lends it out, earns $5 in interest, has $105. Fed sells the security, destroying the $100. The Fed created $100 then destroyed $100. The $5 used to pay the interest on the security wasn't created as a result of the Fed's buying the security, it was paid with money already in the system. It's a pretty clever idea. It's always surprising to me that technology-saavy people are so skeptical of the monetary system. Corruption aside (which undoubtedly exists), it's a neat solution to a complex real-world problem. Put simply: Money is just a level of indirection. You could have a barter-based economy based on goods and services, but you introduce money as a proxy to simplify transactions. The problem is: how much money do you have in the system? You want enough so it serves as an efficient proxy for the actual value of the goods and services. If you deviate from that amount, you're in trouble. The problem is complicated by two things: 1) the amount of goods and services which money must proxy for is constantly increasing; 2) money must proxy not just actual goods and services, but enforceable promises to provide goods and services (ie: debt). (2) is the most complicated issue to deal with, because it's highly dynamic. As society becomes more stable and secure people are willing to commit to obligations that are further in the future. There must be enough money to serve as an accurate proxy for those commitments. The fractional reserve system is actually a fairly elegant solution to this problem: money is dynamically created when loans are made, and destroyed when loans are repaid. > what happens if building a filtration plant is a better choice than conserving a watershed? Is this thought unspeakable? If that is never a better choice, than environmentalists having nothing to worry about; and if it could be a better choice, than refusing to consider it is irrational and destructive. In any case, the worry of environmentalists is far in the future. Today, we generally make our economic decisions by pricing the ecological value of the environment at $0. Say a developer wants to buy forested land for $10m and create a housing complex worth $30m. We consider that an economically beneficial transaction, resulting in $20m in net benefit. But that's not the actual calculus. What if the forest is providing $50m in ecological services? Carbon sequestration, groundwater purification, prevention of soil erosion, etc. Our error results from treating the $10m price of the forest as the actual cost of constructing the housing complex. That is, of course, not true. The $10m is simply the value of one slice of property rights: the right to exclusive possession of the land. It's not the net value of the land. When the developer comes in and builds that housing complex, it does so not because it's economically efficient overall, but because it is advantageous to the developer. It yields $20m in net benefit for the developer, even though it costs society as a whole $30m. Environmentalism, in my opinion, fails in not couching its arguments in this manner. People aren't sympathetic to arguments that a $30m housing complex should be stopped in order to preserve the beauty of the forest. They are likely much more sympathetic to the simple fact that in return for that developer profiting $20m from the destruction of the forest, the surrounding community will have to spend $50m in air and water purification, wastewater treatment, erosion control, etc. That's certainly one aspect of it. But you have to remember that the market will not factor in the value of externalities. If a wetland is providing $100m in water purification services to a community, the market won't price it at $100m, because the benefit is non-excludable. The price of the wetland ends up being the price of the only protectable property right (the right to exclusive possession) which is a small fraction of the net economic value of the land. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Externality Putting a price tag on nature is crucial. As it is, the debate goes: A $100m mining project versus the beauty of a forested mountain. People go "protect people, not plants!" and build the mine. If it becomes a debate about: A $100m mining project versus a mountain ecology that provides $120m in ecological services to the surrounding community, then the public reaction is different. People have to understand that environmental protection isn't just about protecting aesthetic value. It's about the very real fact that when a land developer fills in a wetland to make a condo complex, everyone in the surrounding community has to spend $$$ to replace the water purification, flood control, etc, services the wetland was providing. It's literally about private parties being able to make a profit at the cost of the public. Spot-on about the "lower implicit price tag" bit. When the EPA was trying to ban leaded fuel in the 1980s, the debate was largely over the increased costs from the switch (on the order of $1 billion a year) compared to the savings in maintenance from the switch to unleaded fuel. Health effects were factored in, but because of the uncertainty of the resulting benefits most of the cost-benefit analysis focused on measurable factors such as maintenance benefits. It turned out that when you considered the neurological effect of high blood lead levels in children (decreased IQ) the savings was on the order of billions of dollars per year: http://www.meca.org/galleries/default-file/lead0103_(final).... (12) So say I have a first-order language (where functions are not values). You can write: def foo(x): return x + 1 But not: def bar(baz, x): return baz(x+1) That is to say, you pass integers around ('x' above) as values, but not functions. In a minimal higher order language, like C, you can pass functions around like values. Ie: baz could be a pointer to a function in the second line above, which is called by bar. Now, what happens when you have nested functions? def foo(): def bar(y): return y + 1 return bar You can't do this in C, but conceptually that's not much different than just defining foo and bar as two separate top-level functions. But what happens when the inner function refers to a local variable of the outer function? def foo(): x = 1 def bar(y): return x + 1 return bar How does 'bar' know what 'x' is? You might ask, why would you want to do this? Well, say you have a function map(fun, list). Map takes a function and a list. It returns a list, each element of which is the value yielded by calling fun with an element in list. Eg: def foo(x): return x + 1 map(foo, [1, 2, 3]) # -> [2, 3, 4] Map can be defined as: def map(fun, list): result = [] foreach item in list: result.append(fun(item)) So back to the example, you might want to write something like: def foo(list): x = some_calculation() def bar(y): return x + y return map(bar, list) In other words, the function that you pass to map needs to know not just the current element of the list, but some other information that is held in a local variable in the parent function. This case is very common when using map as replacement for "for" loops (note how in a loop you can refer to the local variables of your function inside the body of the loop). Now technically the name of the language feature that lets you capture the value of local variables in child functions is "lexically scoped lambda" or something along those lines. A closure is just the most common way to implement the language feature, but people often just use "closure" to refer to the language feature itself. In a compiler that uses closures, the example above would be translated into code something like: class _closure_bar: this.x = Nil def _closure_bar(x): this.x = x def operator() (y): return this.x + y def foo(list): x = some_calculation() bar = new _closure_bar(x) return map(bar, list) Instead of passing around a function as a function pointer like in C, you pass around a callable object whose members are the local variables of the parent function captured by the inner function, and which when called executes the body of the inner function. Now, there is some additional complexity which occurs when an inner function modified the value of a local variable of an outer function. Languages like Python just disallow such modification, which is why people complain about Python not having "full lambdas". Languages like Common Lisp and Scheme add another indirection for local variables that are captured + assigned-to in an inner function. The EPA defines "pollutant" for the purposes of the Clean Water Act as: Pollutant means dredged spoil, solid waste, incinerator residue, filter backwash, sewage, garbage, sewage sludge, munitions, chemical wastes, biological materials, radioactive materials... heat... 14 C.F.R. § 122.2 (definition of "pollutant"). EPA discharge permits, which are required to discharge any pollutant in any amount into US waters, certainly do regulate thermal discharges. > This is my problem with GC. I like simplicity. Simplicity tends to perform well, and being simple also means it has little space for problems. Refcounting is simple and elegant, Reference counting isn't conceptually any more simple than garbage collection (you still have to indicate how the underlying alloc() and free() operations are implemented). Further, a proper high performance reference counting system isn't any simpler than a high performance GC. In a multithreaded system you have to keep the reference counts in sync without doing a slow atomic operation every time a pointer is passed around, and you need to back the ref counting system with a high performance malloc()/free() that can handle multithreaded allocation and is resistant to memory fragmentation. There is not a fundamental conflict between GC and cache generally. The conflict is with how caches are implemented in most CPUs. Consider a simple generational collector with a nursery of N cache lines. The allocator will bump allocate into LINE_0, LINE_1... until LINE_N, and then copy all survivors into the mature generation. When it starts allocating again, it will start at LINE_0. Ie: it will touch at least N cache lines before ever coming back to any given cache line. If N > the size of the cache, each allocation will involve a cache miss. Each time the allocator allocates into a cache line, it will have been evicted already, and will need to be brought into the cache before it is written to. The key observation here is that you're dealing with an artificial W-W dependency, not a real R-W dependency. When the allocator allocates into a cache line, it doesn't care what the data already in that cache line is! The cache line doesn't need to be brought in from memory because it is garbage and will be overwritten completely. There are lots of solutions to the problem. At every allocation the allocator could simply issue a prefetch for the next line, because it knows it will need it soon. Or, you could have an instruction that simply blows away a cache line, marking it cached+dirty in the coherence protocol without generating a main memory access. In fact, I'm not sure that modern CPUs don't detect this condition in their write buffers already. Something like Bulldozer's write coalescing cache could certainly do this. Aside from this issue, generational GC's are very cache friendly. Collection inherently compacts memory, and the order of collecting tends to bring objects onto the same pages and sometimes the same cache lines as the objects that refer to them. As an aside, the other big cache-thrashing process, marking, can also be made cache friendly on modern architectures. If your CPU has SMT, you can run the marker in a concurrent thread. It can sit there take advantage of the available memory parallelism that most programs leave on the table. Or you could just use a language whose implementation doesn't blow. Bytecode is stored in function objects which IIRC are reference-counted. This sort of analysis does not come easily. Say you have: def bar(): return some_constructor() def foo(): b = bar() Here the decrement is in bar() and the increment is in foo(). You have no way to elide the operation without doing inter-procedural analysis, which is hard. Of course you're leaving out the malloc()/free() implementation that the ref-counting scheme depends on that the GC doesn't. Are you sure? You just described an ideal use-case for GC. You allocate a bunch of arrays at the outset, then sit there pounding on them with little to no allocation. A good GC won't cost you anything in this case, since it'll allocate large pointer-free arrays in a separate pool that doesn't get traced. Haskell isn't a good example, since it's a lazy functional language, but if something like Java isn't just as fast for your case it isn't the GC, it's the code generation. Much harder to do all those fancy loop optimizations in 100 ms in a JIT than in 10s in an offline compiler. > If you're not within 10% for these kernels, chances are that memory is being used differently More likely imperfect strictness analysis, etc. Haskell is a pure functional lazy language, after all. Getting within 65% of C's performance on a tight numeric kernel is heroic. Re: office suites, the code bases of the major office suites pre-date the rise of Java, which brought GC into the mainstream. Lot's of apps bigger and more complex than an office suite have been written in Java. As for web browsers... every web browser has a GC... Wow I thought you were trolling and quoting the matrix. tmalloc() is a structured way of doing memory management within C. It's no different than all the other ad-hoc structured (or more often unstructured) memory management schemes that evolve within C programs, with the exception that it's semantics are at least documented. The problem is in a language like Python, where everything is broken up into little functions, you're not going to catch the most common uses without doing inter-procedural analysis. That's not a particularly useful statistic. How much of that 42% is kids 16-18 in high-school, people in college 18-22, people in grad school 22-25, the retired? In 2006, ~30 million people were enrolled in the final two years of HS, college, or graduate school: http://www.census.gov/prod/2008pubs/p20-559.pdf Adjusted for demographic trends, that's probably higher now. In 2009, about 12.9% of the population was over 65: http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/00000.html Together that's roughly 70 million people who are mostly being counted in your "unemployed" figure that shouldn't be included. That's not even including women who don't work. There is still a delta of ~13% b/w male and female labor force participation rates. They're 122 million women age 16 and over in the US. That's probably another ~10m who shouldn't be included in your unemployed figure. The above estimates double-count: those enrolled in school who work, elderly who work, etc, but is much more realistic than your figure. When you take away the dichotomy, his point still stands: Mediocre iOS developer who doesn't self promote versus mediocre iOS developer who does. Since 90% of everyone is mediocre, a culture that encourages self promotion just fills the world with crap. It's become pretty popular these days to devalue asian immigrant culture, but most of the commentary misses the point. The intro piece to the article states exactly the facts that "Tiger Moms" are concerned about: Asians are more educated and make more money on average. Asian parenting is about downside management. Yeah your kid might not end up a top CEO, but he's also less likely to end up as a plumber. There are worse things than ending up in middle management at IBM making six figures... Also, as someone who went through the whole "asian education treadmill", I'll make two observations: 1) The point about Stuyvesant is dead-on. My high school was also a public magnet school and the culture was the same way: the people at the top were both pretty and smart. However, the take-away isn't really what what the author makes it out to be. The popular white kids weren't gunning any less hard than the asian kids. They socialized then went home and studied just as hard. The problem isn't that asian parents emphasize hard work in lieu of socialization, it's that they just emphasize hard work, largely b/c coming from a different culture socialization isn't something they can really help their kids with. 2) The PWC example is also dead on, but again, the takeaway is different than what the other concludes. In a law, accounting, financial firm, you don't get pigeon-holed for being a hard worker. The white guy who makes partner (or managing director or whatever) works every bit as hard as the asian guy, but plays the politics on top of that. Being "too good for bitch work" is a sure way to get yourself fired at a law firm or an investment bank. At the same time, schmoozing with a partner to get better assignments is absolutely not at odds with working hard and being the guy who can get things done. These articles consistently manage to misunderstand both asian culture and american culture. Succeeding in America does not require rejecting asian work ethic. Americans work as hard as anyone. That high school football star has a dad who pushes him to practice just as hard as any "Tiger Mom" would. Succeeding in America does require a forthrightness and social perceptiveness that many asians choose not to develop, but that is absolutely not at odds with an asian upbringing. Did the grandfather say "and look at the great life it got you!" It's definitely a cultural thing, but everyone always misses one angle of the story. Asian parents tell you to work hard and become a doctor or an engineer not necessarily to make yourself happy, but so you can provide well for your family. It's a mentality that was wholly familiar to our grandparents, but seems to have skipped the baby boomer generation and I'm not sure the country is better for it. I'm not sure these figures are particularly illuminating, for two reasons: 1) Many realistic outcomes are obscured by the averages. The average college doesn't lead to very good opportunities, and the average student doesn't work very hard. Working hard at a good school (top 50) or even not working that hard at a mediocre school (top 10) can lead to dramatically different results than what might be expected from looking at the results of all students from all ~5,000 or so universities in the country. 2) While the use of net present value is technically correct (the best kind of correct!) it's also somewhat misleading. Say a college graduate earns $100,000 more than a high school graduate in the final year of his career. The net present value of that (using the historic S&P 500 return of 7%) is $6,700. Yes, if you're comparing a choice between earning $100k more in the final year of your career with $7,000 right now, the latter is the better choice. However, that is never the choice! A high school graduate cannot get $7,000 in loans to invest in the market at 7% return. So from a practical perspective, using net present value compares against a choice that the graduate doesn't have. It all makes sense when you look at things another way. The student is not making an investment. He is the investment, one the bank is making in him. The investment directly creates real value (as opposed to an investment in the market, which does so only indirectly), so both the bank and the student might come out ahead even if the net present value of the education is less than the amount borrowed to finance it. Any family with kids is going to be in to the doctor many times per year. They need immunizations, they break bones, they get cavities that need to be filled, etc. Then as you get old, you're on heart medication, hyper tension medication, etc. I'm a generally healthy 27 year old, and in the last two years I've had to get cavities filled, catch up on some immunizations required by my graduate school, get my contact prescription updated twice, etc. Efficiency. You're going to have to go deeper into the bell curve of the talent pool to fill the same number of spots if you're turning off half your potential employees. Florida is also relatively cheap to begin with, as with many state schools (GA Tech alum myself, hehe). The big numbers are posted by private schools. However, the top private schools have great financial aid. Under $120k/year, Harvard and Yale are free. The aid phases out after that, but doesn't phase out completely until $250k+. My GT degree cost ~$60k in the early 2000s. If you started today, it'd be north of $100k. They have an odd definition of "elite" (top 1/4)... That's what, household income in the ~$100k range for a family that has college-aged kids? That's pretty much every household with at least one parent with a professional job (especially on the east coast, where I'd imagine most people at Georgetown are from). When I lived in Atlanta I did a reverse commute 25 miles to my office in my car. I genuinely enjoyed it every day. Door to door in 30 minutes, listening to some music, going 70 on the highway. Very pleasant. Lived on the east coast all my life... and yes pretty much. Commuting in New York blows. There is a layer of filth on everything. I spend my whole commute just on the verge of having an "ick" breakdown. I've been to a number of major US cities, and lived in 4, and NY is by far the dirtiest city I've seen outside the third world. The sanitation system is non-existent. There are no alley ways or trash bins, so there are just bags of garbage littering the streets. It's surreal. To be fair, Microsoft has tried portable, non-PC devices for more than a decade and failed miserably, largely because they cling to the windows metaphor on small screens. This article is full of handwaving. 1) Lot's of businesses run in the red for awhile in order to build up their market share. Just pointing to losses in the first few years of major operations isn't particularly compelling. 2) The adjusted CSOI metric isn't as ridiculous as the author makes it seem. The claim is that their marketing expense is a function of how fast they want to grow. Presumably once they reach a size they want, they scale back that expense, and the revenues turn into profit. The Forbes article says: "The bottom line is that considering the profitability of Groupon without online marketing expenses is silly; Groupon without marketing expenses is not Groupon at all." How is Groupon without marketing not Groupon at all? It's an interesting-sounding statement without any meaning. You're basically saying that any business that doesn't generate profits from day 1 is a ponzi scheme. This is a ridiculous position to take. What if he needed the liquidity? There are all sorts of reasons to sell stock at a particular time that have nothing to do with cashing out on a company one believes will flame out. Yes, Groupon's userbase might not stick around if they reduce advertising expenditure to shift into profitability. That is unproven, uncertain, etc. However, it's quite a leap beyond that to say that the userbase definitely will leave if groupon doesn't keep up its massive advertising campaign, which is effectively what the Forbes article says: (Groupon isn't Groupon without unsustainable advertising). Tortious interference? Except that isn't really true. For example, after the Rajaratnam case, SEC insider trading investigations are way up and a lot of people are getting arrested. http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-504083_162-20031043-504083.html Except that code isn't really that far from what you might type. I've spent a lot of time working with code that uses templates heavily (including "well designed" libraries like Boost) and it's just a god-awful mess. Make an error in instantiating a template class and you get an error message that refers to code deep in an STL header. Want to make your container class iterable? Get read to write dozens of lines of inscrutable boiler-plate code. Even something simple as iterating over a container is braindamaged. Before the auto keyword you had: for(vector ::iterator itr = something.begin(); itr != something.end(); ++itr) Then you need to use "itr." It's a pointer-like thing that isn't quite a pointer, and when you hold pointers in your container, which you often (usually) want to do you have to deal with a pointer-to-a-pointer which is almost never pleasant. And when you deal with keyed containers you have to remember the iterator actually points to a pair so you have to do .first and .second (why not .key and .value?) Braindamage doesn't even begin to describe it. The algorithms are a PITA without lambdas, and are not easily composable or extensible to express more complex iteration. None of them can work with multiple containers, which makes writing even something as simple as a "zip" function using the algorithms an exercise in futility. Re: the "this is how it should have always worked" comment. I've watched my girlfriend use her computer, and this is essentially how she works. She just leaves everything open, never saving anything. She's comfortable using Expose to manage the million windows she ends up having open, but doesn't bother exiting apps when she's done with them and then starting them when she needs them again. If she could do this and have everything always auto-save and be instantly available anywhere she went, she'd be ecstatic. And even though I grew up on the Windows 95 model of apps and documents... I gotta say I kinda see her angle. I hate that our IT policy makes us log out every night so I lose my windows. If I left for the night then came back and the cleaning person had put away all the papers on my physical desk I'd have a fit! 1) I think you underestimate how much good old fashioned engineering goes into Apple products. Clunky versus seamless is a major substantive benefit for the customer, and it takes a lot of engineering to get there. 2) Being good at sales also yields benefits. Customers benefit substantively when there is a big ecosystem around a solution. The iPhone is the perfect example. The iPhone UI works because it's FLUID. The lack of lag and the responsiveness is the difference between feeling like you're operating a computer an feeling like you're manipulating something real. That took engineering. They needed a responsive touchscreen, hardware accelerated UI stack, etc, to get that effect. Did other people have capacitive touchscreens and hardware acceleration before? Who knows, what's clear is Apple was the first one to engineer a complete solution. Link-time optimization is almost never useful. You realize the US is facing an enormous labor shortage in the coming decades as the baby boomers retire? Yes? Cheap, yes, but I'm not sure "perfect" is the right word. Most netbooks are just a bit too underpowered to run a modern IDE comfortably, and at the same time they don't have particularly impressive battery life (3-4 hours of web surfing is typical). An MBA 11" has a bigger screen, is tons faster, and will get you 6+ hours of battery under similar circumstances. Sure it's $1000 versus $350, but are developers looking for a good portable hacking machine that price sensitive? I'm a mac user with a netbook... Up until the MBA (with the exception of the 12" Powerbook) there was no Mac ultraportable. Ie: something you can throw in a briefcase and whip out at Starbucks to use on those tiny tables. Netbooks filled that niche, and because of the cheap price a Mac user might not even care that it can't run all their apps. One thing about the Linux point: why buy a computer whose major advantage is portability and battery life, then give up a huge chunk of the latter by putting Linux on it? That's the thing that pissed me off most about my netbook. Windows sucks and I couldn't put Linux on it without its shitty power management cutting a couple of hours off the battery. They are. There is a provision that says that financial services industries can challenge business method patents (or something to that effect). Hopefully this is a little loophole that can be widened to allow broader attacks on business method patents. [Citation needed]. EDIT: Computer folks tend to see the world through a particular set of glasses. They see a world of inventors in their basement you can invent with little capital investment. That's fine and is great for innovation, but the whole world doesn't look like that. If you're in an industry where the process of invention is extremely costly, patents can often be the only way for smaller entities to participate. Say you have an idea for a new radio technology. It'll cost you millions of dollars to build a prototype (the associated parts and equipment are very expensive). And once you have it --- what do you do with it? Go into production and compete with AT&T and Verizon? Patents allow meaningful seperation of invention from productization, and that's something that hugely benefits smaller entities. I don't get the whole idea of NYC being a startup hub. Sure there is capital here, but the nearest decent engineering school is in Boston and there is not a top-notch state engineering school in the entire northeast. How are you going to have a tech mecca without a read supply of talent? It's easy to wire money to other cities; not so easy to get top talent to relocate to the most expensive city in the country. True. I keep forgetting Cornell exists. The lack of good public schools is still an issue I think. The major tech corridors (bay area, research triangle, seattle/portland, northern VA) are all close to top-notch state engineering schools. I worked at a startup in northern Virginia and definitely noticed that having Virginia Tech right there was a great benefit as we grew. I think that's a huge weak-spot for NYC. As they say, you can fit the whole population of the world onto Manhattan. That is, of course, besides the point. Atlanta is completely unequiped to handle that population (infrastructure-wise). It's not even clear that building out that infrastructure at that density would be wise. It's costly to build infrastructure for a city as dense as NYC. The cost of the subway system dwarfs the cost of running water and sewage piping to suburb. It makes economic sense in NYC, because space is at a huge premium. That doesn't necessarily make sense for Atlanta, a city with no natural boundaries and surrounded by cheap land. Now scale this idea to American metropolitan areas. 27 US metro areas are bigger than the Amsterdam metro area, and about a dozen are at least twice as big. Having been to Amsterdam, I can say that while it's denser then most American cities, it's not that dramatically different then say DC. By the logic of this article, buying anything makes you a sucker. A store would never sell you something unless they were coming out ahead, after all. Insurance companies sell certainty. You buy insurance if you value that certainty more than the cost of your premiums. The insurance company wins, because they get the premiums, and you win, because your net value is greater than the premiums you pay. Insurance is only zero-sum if there is no value in certainty, which is just plain false (huge amounts of money are spent managing and trading risk). So a bank being able to create an unlimited amount of currency is bad, obviously, but limiting your currency growth to how fast you can mine gold out of the ground isn't much better. Let's take a very simple example. Say there are two people on an island. The first can build boats, the latter can fish. There is no currency. What should happen? Case 1: No transaction. Both die. Case 2: The first builds a boat (boats are very resource intensive!) and gives it to the second. The second fishes and has fish. The first dies because he has no fish. Case 3: The first agrees to build a boat and rent it to the second in return for part of the first's weekly catch for the next 10 years. To support Case 3, you basically need contract law. But the contract in question is very inflexible. Does the boat maker enter into similar contracts to cover his needs for clothes, etc? Ideally the boat maker could just sell the fisherman the boat and use the money to buy fish or clothes or anything. So you need currency. The key question is: how much currency do you need? Obviously, you need enough to be able to serve as a proxy for the goods and services in your economy and promises thereof. The Fed may not be great at estimating that amount, but pegging it at how quickly you can mine gold out of the ground doesn't make any sense either. The problem with commodity money is without other supporting infrastructure you have no way to denominate commitments of future obligations (at least at a macroeconomic level). You can introduce contracts with respect to commodities that can be traded (eg: a contract for 100 pork bellies to be delivered in 1 year) but then you still get into modern finance. You don't need fancy academics to see why the gold standard was a bad idea. You need money to function as a proxy for the economy. Every time grows up and enters the workforce, you need to add money to the economy to be able to serve as a proxy for his or her labor. As population and economic activity grows exponentially, you need to add exponentially increasing amounts of money to the economy just to avoid deflation. Now, explain to me how we could've sustainably kept mining exponentially increasing amounts of gold out of the ground? Employers in software regularly use grades to do entry level hiring. In some fields (law), your JD grades follow you around for the first 5-7 years of your career. Because grades matter a lot and cheaters devalue everyones legitimately-earned grades. In my law school, everyone is graded on a strict curve and honor code violations are handled first by a board of students. Does wonders for reducing cheating. If you read the article, this list of "protestors" is the list of IP addresses who hit PayPal with the most DDOS packets. It depends. You can have a successful career as a software engineer without a degree from a top school, or even without a degree period. However, you're pretty much locked out of certain jobs. Some of the plum jobs in CS ($90k+ entry-level jobs at places like Google) go almost entirely to graduates of Stanford, Berkeley, etc. Jobs in very prestige-conscious fields like finance (eg: writing software for doing algorithming trading at a hedge fund) are similar. It will also hurt you should you choose to go to graduate school. That said, there are a couple of things you can do. Depending on where you are along your program, I'd seriously consider transferring. Only the place you get your degree came from will count. Barring that, just focus on getting a good job and solid experience. One of the things you miss out on by not working at a big company is a well-defined career progression track. Most smaller shops don't have a lot of room for upward mobility within the organization, so you'll have to do a lot more jumping around to move up (which isn't a bad idea anyway). It's still possible to move into a big shop after some experience (if that's what you want), but you have to be proactive. > I'm glad the author's mom found a smartphone she likes, but this isn't an Android problem. It may very well be a Google problem It's definitely Google's problem. Experiences like this tremendously hurt the Android brand. What if you bought a "BMW" but it turned out to be a piece of crap because BMW had licensed their engines and logo but exercised no quality-control over the final products? You'd never buy another BMW, regardless of whose fault it really was. So the purpose of currency is to serve as a proxy for goods and services. The basic question of monetary regulation is: "how much currency do we need?" The Fed system actually somewhat regulate the currency supply based on the market. When you take a loan to start a business, new currency is created at the same time that a new productive enterprise is created. Gold and Bitcoin don't come from the market at all. The amount of Bitcoin added to the economy has nothing to do with the underlying economy --- its based on an arbitrary formula. So the argument for differential taxation of income versus capital gains is to incentive investment. However, I'm not sure investment needs to be incentivized right now. There is a ton of private capital floating around right now looking for productive investments in the US, and they just don't exist. So the money goes overseas, or into elaborate, questionable financial instruments. > How does finance destroy the broader economy in general? Liquid functional capital markets are critical for a stable economy. Finance is only bad for the economy when incentives are structures so that government limits the downside. False dichotomy. The article talks about the current financial system in the US hurting the economy. It's not suggesting dismantling the financial system in general. Step back for a moment. The financial industry is infrastructure. It's there to grease the wheels of productive industry. It facilitates growth, but cannot in itself create that growth. Now, last year the financial industry accounted for something like 1/3 of corporate profits. It's gotten absolutely immense. Do we need such massive institutions just to create "liquid functional capital markets?" Are these companies so profitable because they're really creating enormous amounts of value for the economy, or because being close to the money makes it easier to justify taking a percentage cut of the money flowing through the system? Now, I'm not attacking them just because they're profitable. But to an extent they're profitable because the benefit tremendously from government protection. When Apple innovates and sells iPhones, they pay 35% tax on those profits, but when a trader at Goldman moves money around to make profits, they pay less than half that in taxes. If we believe that tax rates create incentive structures, does it really make sense to incentivize the latter so much more heavily than the former? Renounce their citizenship to go where? Europe (which is far less friendly to the rich)? Asia (what's the point of being rich if you have to live in the developing world?) Fears of wealthy people leaving are a red-herring. Plus, who says we have a shortage of investment capital in the US? There is a ton of money floating around from pension funds and 401k accounts, even leaving out the money held by the very wealthy. If you look at the economy today, it's absurd to say that lack of capital is the reason for the lack of top-line growth. The fact that current millionaires are first generation is kind of inapposite. We haven't really been on a fractional reserve system for long enough to really create generations of financial dynasties. I was born in Thailand and go back to Bangkok regularly. Unless you want to live in isolation (maybe with your banker buddies), there is no comparison between living in the US and living in Thailand. And? The point of the article isn't that we should pity those folks making "only" $300k/year. They have nice houses and nice cars and eat at nice restaurants. However, they still need to worry about money. If your $300k/year is coming from your labor as a lawyer, and you go blind, your financial situation does a 180. If your $300k/year is coming from dividends on the huge pile of stock you own, that's a totally different ballgame. So in a modern economy, accumulated wealth as an "earmark" on current and future productivity. People don't buy food and store it for retirement. They buy shares in Intel and get dividends from the labor of future workers to pay for their retirement. The current state of affairs seems to be one where too much has gotten earmarked. Those booming corporate profits that come from layoffs rather than above-the-line growth are going partly to CEOs, sure, but they're going mostly to retirement, pension, etc, funds. Retirees/near-retirees earmarking future productivity. I think inflation is inevitable as the younger generation decides to reallocate this distribution of the fruits of its own labor. The US pays a very low interest rate on its debt. If you made $250k per year had a 3% interest rate mortgage of $200k, would you pay it off any faster than you had to? Of course not. You'd spend the money on things that would give you a much better return. There is absolutely no need for the US to pay down inflation. GDP growth will naturally reduce the effective value of the principal. The problem is the run-away increase in the debt over GDP ratio that we've been seeing. Is S&P in the business of politics (re: sending a message), or accurately stating whether the US would be able to pay its debts? If you're expecting sustained inflation then don't hold debt. Take your cash and buy rental properties with the crazy-low mortgage rates we have now. If we get sustained inflation then rental rates will go up while your fixed-interest mortgage payments will stay the same. Profit. Oil doesn't have to run out to drastically change the economy. The new methods of extraction are more expensive than the old, and the price of oil per barrel is a lot higher. One can easily imagine a system where the equilibrium unemployment with oil (ie: energy) at $X+10 per barrel is much higher than one with oil at $X per barrel. Staggeringly poor article. Projecting out a trend line by effectively assuming sustained exponential growth is completely retarded. It's really the same as the projections predicting that the sustained 1990s bubble would continue and the US debt would be paid off by 2009. But how much do you trust it? Coming from the east coast I trust the forecast less than just looking out the window. It's just too inaccurate. When you look out the window and see that the US is still the healthiest big developed economy out there, what do you do? Do you trust your own eyes or the ratings agency? Some people would be wrong. "The nervous system is a total waste of calories! It's total overhead! All it does is tell the muscles what to do!" Like nearly everything in BusinessWeek? You don't see a lot of black guys named "Tyrone" walking around Harvard. Latoya and Tyrone are common black names, and they're also strongly associated with lower socioeconomic level because lots of blacks are in a lower socioeconomic level. The sorts of professional, educated black families that send their kids to good schools and from there to good jobs don't name them these lower-class names. I really really really hate the new square buttons. How's the battery life as compared to Windows? He's correct. This type inference is actually being added to JaegerMonkey according to the article, though IonMonkey will have it too when it's ready. Crankshaft uses type feedback, not type inference. Ie: it will monitor the types of objects to generate type-specialized code, but will not do static type inference on the code to generate type-specialized code. Cool story bro. These are household income quantiles, not personal income quantiles. It's not stated on the chart, but that lines up better with: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Household_income_in_the_United_... Reagan (1981-1989). Yup. The chart ignores changes in demographics. Compare the US population pyramid in 1950: http://tfw.cachefly.net/snm/images/nm/pyramids/us-1950.png To the US population pyramid in 2005: http://tfw.cachefly.net/snm/images/nm/pyramids/us-2005.png Look at just how many more people are in the 40-55 demographic (peak earning years). The article gives two ranges: 1947-1979, 1980-Present. Reagan's presidency (1981-1989), and the political changes it brought, coincided with the beginning of the second range. The problem is not using "everyday computing" as a descriptive element in the marketing copy. It's using it as a category differentiator. Let's go laptop shopping! store.apple.com. Presented with pictures of things, with the name of the line under them. I can see (I don't even have to read or select a menu, I can just see!) two types of laptops: the Air and the Pro. One is little and the other is big. Do I want a little laptop or a big laptop? Little! Click on the little one, then click through "select a macbook air." Presented with two more pictures: 11" and 13", each with text underneath offering two options (more or less HDD space). At every point, the gist of what the difference is between the various selections is painfully clear to the shopper. shop.lenovo.com. Presented with: promo for IdeaPad U300s. What if I want other laptops? Shop -> Laptops & Notebooks in the small text below the big promo. Now I'm presented with three lines of laptops. Aside from color, they look the same. How do I differentiate? One is for "basic everyday computing" the other for "dazzling multimedia experience" and the other for "tools to save time and money." Whereas I didn't even read the marketing copy on the Apple site, because I had pictures that got to the heart of the differences between the models, here I'm stuck reading marketing copy to make a decision. If I select "prices you'll love" does that mean the others will have "prices I'll hate"? Luckily Lenovo has given me a matrix to help me choose. The matrix has 38 rows... Say I blindly click on the ThinkPad. Now I'm presented with 6 series. The bold text to help me differentiate is more marketing copy: "environmentally friendly" versus "mobile freedom." Are some of these laptops not environmentally friendly? Do some lack mobile freedom? The information that is most pertinent to me as a laptop buyer (weight and screen size) is actually at the bottom of the lists in the same font size as the footnotes and legalese! It's hilarious that Lenovo's answer to the Macbook Air is the Lenovo Air: http://www1.pcmag.com/media/images/268742-7-the-u300-s-vivid... I'm a geek and I couldn't care less what WiFi chipset is in my laptop. I was shopping for a ThinkPad X220 for someone, and it had the option of the regular screen or the "premium" screen for $50 more. They don't tell you what the "premium" screen is or why you'd want it. I presume the regular screen is shitty. Can you even imagine Apple offering such an option? A $1000+ laptop with a shitty screen, with a $50 option to upgrade to a non-shitty screen? I'm a typical HN reader (and a programmer) and I don't think I've changed any settings on my Macbook Pro other than the mouse tracking speed. Not really the same thing. The IPS screen on the Lenovo is just better. They don't need to have the TN option at all. The higher resolution isn't necessarily better. It makes the text smaller. Like the anti-glare option, it's a preference option not a better/worse option. Two very different examples. Simple, math-heavy things tend to be best-case scenarios for verbose languages. Re: the "best and brightest" it's more at the undergraduate level then the PhD level. My brother has tippy-top grades in physics at one of Harvard/Yale/Princeton and legit research experience in nano-tech, and he like many of his friends in similar positions are choosing between going into industry or R&D and going into finance. The lure of $120k the first year out of school and guaranteed admission to a Harvard/Stanford/Wharton MBA is hard to compete with. A big part of the problem is systemic. The researcher that discovers new technology gets a nice $30k bonus. The owners of the capital get the millions of dollars resulting from that invention. So if you're a bright physics student in the US, why on earth would you pursue R&D? It is far more remunerative to work for those who own the capital figuring out new ways to move money around. There aren't jobs in academia, but there are jobs in industry. Intel, IBM, etc, hire people with physics backgrounds to work on new types of memory cells, etc. But why would you? If you're a 1 in 100 physicist, you might make a discovery that will net your company tens of millions of dollars, but our laws are such that you won't see any of that money. Anything you invent will automatically belong to your employer. Meanwhile, even a 1 in 10 trader can stick with an investment bank long enough to bring in some $1 million/year paydays until exiting to a cushy corporate finance position. Even theoretically there are agency problems in many situations re: evaluating credit risk. And as we have learned in practice, people are just bad at gauging credit risk. Finally, the traditional theory doesn't incorporate behavioral economics, which IMHO turns a lot of the traditional precepts on their head. I think that's the reason for the distinction between "a 1990 computer" and a "computer with 1990 energy efficiency." It's explained quite clearly in the article itself. 1-3% is real GDP growth rate, net of inflation. With inflation at 2-3%, then planning for 4.5% growth, not adjusted for inflation, is not unreasonable. My girlfriend and I weren't living in the same city when met, so we started our relationship over gchat and text message. We're both pretty glued to our iPhones, so large parts of our relationship are chronicled in digital form. We sometimes find ourselves resolving the "honey I definitely said that" tiffs of daily life with a quick search of our chat logs. The internet is often accused of putting barriers between couples, but this article gives a sweet example of how it can contribute to relationships as well. I think his point is that all traders are "rogue traders" when they're making their bets with money sitting in federally-insured commercial bank accounts. They're just called such when they lose. There are regulatory changes that can help. I think people underestimate just how much effort and talent banks spend on using regulation to their advantage. Take for example FDIC insurance, as mentioned in the article. Ostensibly, it's intended to help people with money in their bank accounts. But it also means that banks can be riskier with trades, and count on the government to cover certain losses. The same is true for agency-backed mortgages. Investment banking as an umbrella term is pretty useful. Investment bankers have historically been professionals advising companies on financial issues. If you're Ford and want to construct a new factory, you go to an investment bank which helps you issue corporate bonds to finance the new factory. A factory gets built, which creates jobs and products for the market, and Ford and investors split the surplus from that action, with the former making more revenue and the latter getting interest payment. Investment bankers also handle acquisitions, IPOs, and other generally useful corporate finance, generally non zero-sum transactions. In return, the bankers are paid a fee for their services. The problem is that these traditional investment bank functions only make up something like 12% of the revenues of a traditional investment bank like Goldman Sachs: http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Goldman_Sachs_Group_(GS)#Inve... Most of the rest of the revenue comes from trading and other activities of questionable utility. I like the "work harder" and "save more" parts the best. "Work harder" so you can get 1% of the fruits of your labor while enriching shareholders with the other 99%. "Save more" so Wall Street bankers can earn billions with your retirement savings while paying you token interest. What you need to do is work less and save less. There isn't anything in it for you. Loser or not, it's absolutely rational. http://www.epi.org/publication/large-disparity-share-total-w... The top 5% have captured 82% of all economic growth since 1983. That economic growth has been to a great extent the result of the productivity gains of the other 95% working harder and longer and more efficiently (with better technology). The bottom 60% have actually lost, on the whole, from their additional striving. Their return on additional labor has been negative. It's irrational, given that state of affairs, to strive. It's exactly akin to the arguments people raise when you talk about 90% marginal tax rates --- who would rationally work more when most of their gains go to the government? Well, who would rationally work more when most of the gains go to the rich? We keep people working more through cultural influence, but that doesn't make it rational. So the economic idea behind a patent is to prevent a free-rider problem. Say I spend years and tons of my money inventing the telephone. I finally make it work, then sell it on the market. Without the patent system, someone can buy my product, reverse engineer it, and release a knock-off at a vastly lower price than me because he doesn't have to recoup all of my R&D investment. If this happens all the time, then we have a market failure, where nobody has an incentive to engage in research-intensive invention where the end result can be easily copied. This is really the only economically sensible basis for patent law. Unfortunately it tends to get clouded in lots of other fuzzy ideas, like protecting ideas and incentivizing innovation. So to give an example of something I think is a legitimate software patent: consider a hypothetical solution to the hidden node problem in the context of white space devices and wireless microphones: http://www.shure.com/idc/groups/public/@gms_gmi_web/document... Basically, say you have a transmitter T and a receiver R, and a whitespace device W. W listens to the spectrum and opportunistically uses whatever radio channels it hears as free. T transmits on a fixed frequency to R, and R receives without transmitting. There are situations where because of geography, R can hear T, but W cannot hear T. So W detects T/R's frequency as free, tries to use it, and interferes with R. This is the problem that Microsoft's white space devices ran into with unlicensed wireless microphones in the FCC tests. What algorithms could you put in a whitespace device (or a network of whitespace devices) to alleviate this problem? This is not really something that a programmer of average competence would find obvious. Indeed, so far nobody has a good solution to the problem, despite quite a bit of research. However, when somebody does come up with a good algorithm, it will be fairly easy for other manufacturers to copy it. Even if it's not, unless it can be protected by a patent, whoever discovers it will have a huge incentive to keep it secret, which means people can't work on improving it. I think this is a pretty good case for allowing patenting of the algorithm within the specific context of a whitespace device (which is basically what the current law is supposed to be). You have a situation where solving a problem requires quite a bit of investment. You can't really do research on this without buying a bunch of whitespace devices and wireless mics and doing a bunch of testing in different conditions). At the same time, because the end result would be easy to copy, nobody really has the incentive to work on it, especially not smaller research labs which might be able to solve the problem but certainly wouldn't have the manufacturing muscle to build and sell their own whitespace devices. The reason so many software patents sound ridiculous is because they don't really require any innovation. They're simply an attempt to take obvious ideas and keep other people from using them. As a rough rule of thumb, for a patent to make sense, it should take way more effort to come up with the algorithm than it does to implement it. If it doesn't then there isn't really any free rider problem. This guy is a kook. Yeah yeah, ad hominem, etc. If it can't access the Android app store (which I'd guess the Kindle Fire can't), then the customer won't be aware of that fact. I mean, if you had the opportunity to earn six figures at graduation, wouldn't you go into these fields too? 75% of Yalies are normal people (the other 25% come from money). They're the children of working professionals, federal government employees, etc. They have had comfortable upbringings, but their families don't have "fuck you" money. They've been pushed and prodded all their life by parents who, like everyone else without "fuck you" money, are desperately afraid of falling out of the middle class. Most of the kids don't know it yet, and maybe the parents don't consciously acknowledge it, but it's a major force underlying the thinking of every parent who sends his kid to an SAT prep class so he can get a high score and go to Yale. At the same time, regular jobs suck. Thanks to the consultants, they're overly structured, have shitty benefits, and workers are managed by PHB's who don't know jack-shit about the jobs that the workers do. Upward mobility is curtailed, because many F500's prefer to hire managers from the ranks of consultants, instead of promoting people from within. The risk in potentially more interesting jobs is high: fail to make it big, and you could be stuck in a job where you get yelled at for punching in a couple of minutes late and to the extent that you're lucky enough to get health insurance, it'll be on a shitty plan. Thankfully science/tech is mercifully insulated from this phenomenon (so far), but many students don't have the particular aptitude or desire for those fields. It's weird that everyone here is assuming that the user is a man. Lot's of 13 y/o girls have iPhones. Heck, I just did an experiment with my girlfriend. She's got pretty long fingers for a girl, and the iPhone is just about the right size for her to reach most of the screen with her thumb without stretching. The author made a very astute point that I haven't seen mentioned online before (but one that immediately occurred to me when I heard people bitching about Apple not going to 4+ inch screens). His single data point illustrates a general problem: one handed operation for people with a wide-range of hand sizes. Remember, Apple sells one basic body shape to its entire market. No single Android phone sells anything comparable to as many units as the iPhone. The body shape has to be usable for 95% of Apple's potential market, which includes everything from teenage girls to grown men. Apple undoubtedly thought about exactly the problem the author raised. What on earth are you talking about? If you were designing a phone for the mass market, wouldn't you consider one-handed operability? Apparently, this is why Apple makes so much money. Because some people design phones without considering that 13 y/o girls texting and posting on Facebook are a core demographic. I took his point to be that the hand-size explanation is something made up after the fact to justify the iPhone's 3.5 inch screen. I don't think that's a sensible critique. Apple undoubtedly considered the hand-size issue when choosing the iPhone's screen size. Clearly Apple's only goal wasn't to release a phone that everyone could comfortably operate. But consideration of hand sizes was undoubtedly a spec, to be balanced against other specs. The engineers probably got some ultimatum along the lines of: "we're only going to have one basic model, to maximize our margin, so figure out the screen size that hits the greatest number of target customers." The iPhone is a reasonable size for people ranging from teenage girls to guys with pretty large hands. Probably too big for people with child-like hands, and too small for the big guys with massive paws, but very likely hits 90% of the potential market. I don't think the 4.3" Android phones hit the same sweet spot. My girlfriend probably couldn't operate one comfortably with one hand. That's okay for Samsung, which has a segmented product line, but not for Apple. Well said. I mean the dichotomy couldn't be more starkly illustrated than with Steve Job's death. I was at the Apple Store in Chicago yesterday and the glass wall was covered in sticky notes and there were flowers and apples on the sidewalk in front of the store. Tourists were gathered around to take pictures of the impromptu memorial, for a man who was worth about $7 billion when he died. These same people wouldn't piss on Lloyd Blankfein to save his life, even though he is worth less than $0.5 billion. Sure, Wall Street serves a purpose in allocating capital. So do personal injury lawyers. That's not why people are mad at them. Read the New York Times. The outrage is largely directed at activities that don't pass the "smell test." Traders losing billion dollar bets with pension fund money, private equity firms loading up healthy companies with debt than cashing out, the insidious relationship between Wall Street and the Treasury/Fed. If Wall Street stuck to underwriting IPOs and providing business loans and other unobjectionable activities, it wouldn't raise peoples' ire. But if they stuck to unobjectionable activities, their revenues would also be cut by more than half and profits by even more than that. An interesting statistic is that Google's is more profitable than Goldman Sachs by almost every metric. They have higher revenues per employee, higher profits per employee, higher profits per unit of equity, etc. Nobody is demonstrating in Amphitheatre Parkway about how Google is ruining the country. Because people are smarter than you give them credit for. Almost none of those things are relevant to a dynamically-typed language. If you want a statically-typed language use a statically-typed language. What Dart brings to the table is a dynamic web language that's somewhat more structured than Javascript by using a class mechanism and optional typing. This is a great region of the design space, inhabited by languages like Common Lisp and Dylan. Dart is the language a Smalltalk VM guru would build after getting fed up with trying to make Javascript go fast. The semantics seem very well-selected to include only dynamic language features that we know how to make fast. http://www.cs.umd.edu/~pugh/java/memoryModel/archive/1223.ht... So the V8 lineage of VM's (including Strongtalk and Self) has two major tricks: type feedback and optimistic inlining with deoptimization. They can see what implementations of a method are actually being reached at given call-site and then optimistically inline those specific implementations, transparently deoptimizing the call-site if that inlining later becomes invalid. You can support a lot of dynamic features on top of this framework: 1) Sensible numerics. Dart numbers are represented as integers until they can't be, overflowing to bignums if necessary. The semantics are similar to Smalltalk's or CL's except without exact fractions which is a reasonable design decision in this day and age. If a given invocation of '+' is always operating on integers, the VM can emit a regular integer addition plus a type-check. If sometime later a float appears and the type-check fails, the VM can fall back to the generic implementation of '+'. Unrelated to the above, we've known pretty much forever how to efficiently represent integers in a tagged fashion so they don't need to be treated as a special "primitive" type. 2) Generic operators. '+' and '-' are methods rather than special functions as in CL. For the reasons outlined above, there is no reason to special-case '+' or other common operators in the VM. The VM can always inline whatever actual implementation of the operator is actually being invoked at any given call-site. 3) Generic iteration objects. There is no reason to special-case iteration for arrays versus lists, etc. If a loop always ends up iterating over an array, there is no reason the use of the Iterator.next() method can't be optimistically compiled down to a simple pointer increment plus dereference. 4) Higher-order functions. There is no reason to discourage use of higher-order functions in tight loops (e.g. with map or similar functional constructs). If the same function is always called in the loop the VM can optimistically inline that function. Some of the things that Dart leaves out are introspection related. There is no Python obj.__dict__ which would make it hard to implement objects as linear structures. There is no introspection of the stack frame as in Python's locals() or Javascripts arguments object which make it harder to allocate local variables to registers (or represent them as SSA values in an optimizer). LuaJIT is at the cutting-edge of optimizing-away some features like these, but it's not well-understood yet. Because Python's semantics are fucktarded. CoffeeScript is meant to be synaptic sugar on top of JS. Dart is a language with different semantics that happens to compile to JS. As such it includes a lot of runtime code. More appropriate examples would be Emscripten, Parenscript, or ClojureScript. I agree CoffeeScript has nicer syntax, but it retains all of Javascript's semantic warts. Whatever quibbles you might have about Dart's syntax (it's young yet!) it's semantics are much nicer than Javascript. The Dart VM buys you sane numeric semantics (integers and floats and bignums). Dart is also quite a bit less dynamic and introspective than JS, which should make it easier to optimize. Hint: Dart is a dynamically typed language. The covariant generics and the implicit downcasts are there on purpose. The lack of an arguments object is a feature not a bug. A rest argument like in Lisp is much better for optimization. The design isn't done yet given that Dart has optional arguments a rest argument would fit in. Like 80% of these things are true for Scheme/Lisp/Dylan. Canonical true value? Lack of implicit type conversions? These are good design decisions, not warts. Right, it's the opposite convention from Lisp. I'm trying to distinguish from say Perl, which doesn't have a canonical true or false value but identifies a set of things that "seem like they should be false" like 0 and "". This sounds exactly like Strongtalk's optional type system. Reading LtU makes me sad that an entire generation of computer science students were raised to think programming language design is coextensive with type system design. Not that I think that Dart is particularly creative from a PL design standpoint, but I read the complaints about covariant genetics and think: who cares about the type system? It's optional after all! I mean there are articles on LtU about typing parsers, expressing semantics through typing, etc. Which is fine its a forum with a specific niche, what is sad is that niche has come to totally dominate PL design in academia. And at least the static type system in Dart is optional. Yet all I hear about Dart is digs at its static type system. Can't express non-nulity, has covariant generics, etc. Who really cares? It's designed to throw up a warning when you pass a string to Math.min, not to allow expressing every static invariant possible through the static type system. The responses below are an adequate summary of what would be the case if a statically typed language (Haskell, ML) featured nullable types. However, they're all largely inapposite for Dart. Dart's type system can't even ensure, at compile-time, that you'll never see an integer in a variable typed as a string. It can catch a lot of such cases, but it's fundamentally a dynamically-typed language and can't make really any guarantees at all statically. So non-nullable types in Dart would be a fiction. Any object typed anything might end up being null at runtime. Dart never really behaves like a statically-typed language. Take this code: http://try-dart-lang.appspot.com/s/bA0X It not only doesn't give an error, but it runs just fine. main() passes "cake" to bar(), which passes "cake3" to foo(), because String overloads the + operator to coerce its RHS to a string before concatenating. foo() ends up receiving a string despite being declared as receiving a number, but does what one would expect because '+' is defined for strings as well as numbers. The compiler does not complain because it does not try to unify types globally. It does not care that bar(), which is declared as taking any type then passes that to foo() which is declared as taking a number. If you change the 'var' in the declaration of bar() to 'num' you will indeed get a type error in main() when it tries to pass bar() a string. So making types non-nullable in Dart would have little utility. Dart can't statically ensure that a variable declared as 'num' doesn't end up being a 'String' at run time, much less ensure that a variable is non-null. I don't see this as a weakness of Dart. The point of Dart's optional types is to enforce some structure, provide documentation, and avoid obvious mistakes in an otherwise dynamically typed language. Statically enforcing invariants like non-nulity is really beyond its scope. It's generated code... Who cares what it looks like? Lars Bak is on the Dart team. He knows what JavaScript VMs will optimize. Without some sort of "I tried this in my browser and it was too slow/took too long to load" I don't see the point of articles like these. Seems like a reasonable place to ask, so I'll do it here: anybody here found a really good integrated calendar/todo app? All the ones I've found are very coarse-grained. Really meant for someone with a couple of appointments a day at specific times. I need to do that, but I also need something to manage tasks and assignments. I.e. I'm in a meeting and I get 3 tasks X, Y, and Z. X needs to be done monday at 3 pm, Y needs to be done this week, and Z needs to be done at some point. I want something where I can quickly and easily add all three tasks, then come back later and decide I'm going to work on Y on Wednesday and tentatively decide to work on Z on Friday. For me allocating a big list of tasks to limited time, and being able to fluidly move them around as circumstances change is just as important as remembering that I have a lunch appointment 3 pm on Friday. https://www.producteev.com/ does this decently well. I love that it has a box that just lets you type in "lunch meeting noon monday" instead of having to click around on a date picker. When you're getting an assignment while talking to someone it's crucial not to have to click around. iCal is infuriating in how many clicks it takes to add a task and schedule it. I also love that you can leave a task unassigned then drag & drop it when you decide to allocate it to a certain day. But it's a web app and it's not snappy enough. The UI can slow down at random moments which sucks when you're trying to jot down an appointment while talking to someone. The company has an incentive to under promise and over deliver. The analysts are morons. Apple doesn't really market themselves as a luxury brand. Compare a Mac ad to a Lexus ad, for example. What you're describing isn't luxury. Having a product where "functionality is clear and straightforward" isn't luxury, and it isn't art. It's good engineering. Look at it this way. With $140 million in 1985, Steve could've invested all of his money in a hedge fund and probably come out ahead of how he did investing in Pixar, Apple, etc. From $140 million to $7 billion over 26 years is about 16.5% return per year, which is less than the annual return of Berkshire Hathaway over the last 20 years (almost 19%). He's not a guy who took his millions and invested it in the questionably useful products of Wall Street. Instead, he built things that people loved. That doesn't make him a saint, but I think it makes him someone worthy of respect. I agree. I think charity is the wrong word. There is something between blind greed and charity, and that something is applicable here. I gave Berkshire just as an example of returns that are possible in the market. When you've got 140 million to invest you don't buy stocks like the little people. You put it in a hedge fund like Blackstone that has returned an average of 20% per year over the last two decades. But suggesting that Bush's tax policy didn't have anything to do with the subsequent massive drop in federal revenues is not silly. Jobs was a businessman, not an economist. There is a good reason regulation makes it more expensive to open factories in the US: our regulations force companies to internalize the negative externalities their businesses create. China effectively subsidizes industry by forcing its citizens to bear the costs of pollution, injuries, etc, inherent in such activities. US regulation forces companies to bear some of these costs (hardly all of them). In its retrospective study on the 1970 Clean Air Act, the EPA estimated that the benefit of pollution control over the 20 year period was on the order of $22 trillion. Relative to the "so-called 'no-control' case, an additional 205,000 Americans would have died prematurely and millions more would have suffered illnesses ranging from mild respiratory symptoms to heart disease, chronic bronchitis, asthma attacks, and other severe respiratory problems... the lack of Clean Air Act controls on the use of leaded gasoline would have resulted in major increases in child IQ loss and adult hypertension, heart disease, and stroke." Meanwhile, "the actual costs of achieving the pollution reductions observed over the 20 year period were $523 billion, a small fraction of the estimated monetary benefits." What's good for business isn't necessarily good for the economy. The things that businessmen push for: deregulation, limitations on tort liability, etc, create more in costs to society then they create in benefits to businesses. Indeed, our measurements of things like GDP are so fundamentally flawed that they encourage politicians to adopt such measures. If a factory's poisonous emissions causes you to have lung problems, that doesn't count against GDP, but when you seek medical attention for those problems GDP goes up! On the contrary, I think it's a management innovation that tech companies have figured out how to keep good technical people in their areas of core competency by giving them the things they would really want out of a promotion, whether that be compensation, autonomy, etc. The article notes that Ive is worth $128 million and has tremendous autonomy within the company. I.e. he gets compensated extremely well and has a ton of power but still gets to do the work he is obviously very good at. Why would he want to become CEO where he'd spend all his time answering to shareholders and analysts? Just to move up one step on the org chart? Where you really get the promotion problem is when your corporate structure is too inflexible to give adequate compensation and authority to your best technical people. That does not seem to be a problem here. If anything the iPhone 4 was a step down in the fluidity department versus the 3GS (probably due to the increased pixels on the retina display). I don't think it's a subjective, empty complaint. Android phones are laggy, or at least a lot of the popular ones are. Lag destroys the "direct manipulation" experience. Maybe ICS changes everything, who knows. I wrote off Android a couple of years ago. That's the fundamental problem with Android, isn't it? People try a couple of 2.1 devices that suck and well why should they give it another chance? > I don't see why this is surprising -- after all, the Nexus S is a previous generation phone released 9 months ago My girlfriend's 3GS is a couple of years old and is snappy as hell. I'm pretty sure it's because it's a solution looking for a problem as far as advertising goes. Much better served putting a "www.wheretofindus.com" on your ad instead. We need to get rid of our highly distortionary tax policy. We incentivize "saving" over 'spending" by taxing capital gains at a lower rate, but we've got too much saving now and all that money is looking for places to go. Not all startups are of the internet application variety. My old boss did a startup in his late 30's, early 40's. He drew on a PhD and more than a decade of experience in wireless communications. That was a prerequisite for the type of startup he wanted to do. Heck, 19 he probably wouldn't even have known about the problem that the startup was trying to solve. > I think this is untrue simply because smart people who are good at their job are very likeable in general. Who doesn't like the smart productive guy? Conversely, who can stand the dumb guy on the team who never does any work? I think in practice if you're in the middle 80% of the productivity spectrum, how well you interact with other people matters more than your technical ability. You're not always just interfacing with other nerds. And in a startup context, as a founder you'll spend as much time talking to MBA types as you will on technical details. No True Scottsman, huh? It's possible and practical. The MPS allows you to have manually-managed pools alongside GC'ed pools in the same heap: http://www.ravenbrook.com/project/mps/ Useful for long-lived data that doesn't change frequently. Your comment presupposes that advances in mathematics are more important than advances in social communication. Is Mozart less iconic because his achievements were in music? Doing a toy Lisp is a really great way to figure out how to write a compiler without getting caught up in type systems and whatnot. You can describe the execution semantics of a "C" machine or a "Lisp" machine in a paragraph. Can't really do the same for a Spineless Tagless G-Machine... So let's say that everyone takes this advance and doesn't go to college. How does the economy earn that 6% return? "The... (launcher, browser etc.) can often be replaced by 3rd parties, including repackagings of parts of later versions..." "I managed to get most of the other features..." "I added a custom froyo rom... and will probably jump to CyanogenMod soon." Punchline: "All in all, in not sure why people are so keen for Google to follow such an archaic and monolithic release model." Supporting a two year old phone might be important to say X% of users, but I'd argue that Android phones include features that are important to Y% My girlfriend cares way more that her 3GS runs iOS5 than she does that it doesn't have a 4.5" screen. People act like there is no downside on hamstringing the federal governments ability to govern. Over-restriction of what the federal government could do is precisely what led to the creation of the Constitution. My girlfriend is capable of clicking "yes" when iTunes ask her if she wants to update her phone, but that's about the extent of it. She's not going to go out and find third-party repackages of updated features, and she can't download custom ROMs or anything like that. Yet, she likes new features and improvements just as much as anyone else. She might not know what a JIT is, but she'd sure notice if her web browsing got more snappy. Apple's update scheme allows everyone to enjoy new features. Google's leaves non-technical with a lesser experience. Because finance money is on the way out. I read a statistic that companies related to MIT account for like $1 trillion in GDP. That's a lot of contributions to the 'ole endowment. In terms of perceived value? Definitely. See all the flack Apple received for not supporting Siri on the iPhone 4. Now imagine if they hadn't released iOS 4 and multitasking on the 3GS. Disclosure: I'm someone with a vested interest in the status quo. That out of the way, like much of the work from the Brookings Institute, this particular argument is based on a simplistic bit of back of the napkin economics. It sounds good to someone whose taken Econ 101 and little else: "ABA occupational licensing requirements have allowed lawyers to create a club with a limited membership that is able to raise prices to consumers, which is how top lawyers can get away with charging upwards of $1000 per hour for their time." But the reality of the situation is that there is almost no barrier to entry for lawyers as it is. The bar passage rate for graduates of ABA law schools in NYC is almost 90%. There is indeed a huge glut of lawyers---between 1/3 and 1/2 of graduates of ABA schools do not get jobs as lawyers. So what about those $1,000/hour lawyers? Why isn't the vast oversupply of lawyers bringing down prices? For exactly the reasons the article mentions: because when you're doing a $1 billion deal or you have bet-the-company litigation you don't want just any lawyer. You want your lawyers to be smarter than the other guy's lawyers. There is a huge rush to lawyers with the top credentials. There are already small firms paying their lawyers $40k/year and offering low rates that would be happy to take peoples' business. Even these firms have more applicants looking for a job than they can handle. Yet the business isn't forthcoming. If you want to see than $1,000/hour go down figure out a way to get Harvard and Columbia to graduate more JD's each year, or figure out a way to get people to buy cut-rate services from budget law firms. Also, even ignoring the economic fantasy in the Brookings argument, there is a practical issue. Subversion of the law is potentially extremely profitable but in highly market-distorting ways. Big firm lawyers will help clients push the boundaries of the law, but the potential for disbarment (basically the death penalty to a lawyer's career) is a strong incentive to force them to toe the line. Removing this check might not lead to the libertarian utopia the Brookings Institute imagines. Dynamically typed languages respond to the problem in (2) by keeping typing simple. C++'s proliferation of multiple ways to do the same thing (regular pointer, smart pointer, reference, etc) and multiplicity of ownership rule (no GC) cuts across that. Are you kidding? The syntax is still inscrutable and the template system is shit. It's all slightly less shitty than it used to be: binder2nd > x = bind2nd( greater (), 42 ); but IMHO C++ jumped the shark in 1996 or so. While the definitions of covariance and contravariance in the article are correct, they are irrelevant to Dart. The heart of the author's mistake is here: "A compile-time check has been moved to runtime, which means you don't know if your code is safe without running it." In an optionally-typed language like Dart, this is always true. Dart doesn't require enough type information to allow the compiler to guarantee that code that passes the type checker won't throw a runtime exception. So whether a feature undermines type soundness is irrelevant. The important question is how big is the class of errors it fails to catch at compile-time versus what other benefits does it have. "Unfortunately, I cannot shed any light on why Dart has covariant arrays" Because covariant arrays are more consistent with programmer intent and in an optionally typed language don't appreciably undermine compile-time guarantees more than the "correct" rule. Good code avoids mutating arrays. Hence a rule that is correct for the common case of reading arrays makes sense. Moreover, such a rule keeps you from having to lie: Given: Basket HarvestTomatos() MakeJuice(Basket ) MakeJuice(HarvestTomatos()) should Just Work (TM). The optional typing keeps me from accidentally passing MakeJuice a Basket which is, as a dynamic language programmer, all I really want from the type system. > but you still care a lot about the return-type (e.g., am I getting back an int, a str, a set, a dict, a simple list, a generator, You do, but convention gives you a lot more context. If, by the nature of the function, I know I'm expecting a list, I know I'm going to get a list. I'm not going to get a pointer to a list versus a reference to a list versus a smart pointer to a list versus an iterator pointing into a list, etc. Compare the C++ STL to Common Lisp's standard library. A given STL function might take or return an iterator, an iterator pointing to a pair, a pointer, or a value. In the Common Lisp standard library, something is going to return either a value or a collection and its obvious from context which it is going to do. I used to write high-performance embedded C++ code (and get paid for it). I'd still rather use a JVM language for the general logic and drop down to low-level C/assembler for the really performance-critical stuff. The only thing I'd use C++ for these days is where it's minimal runtime support requirements come in handy (e.g. runtimes for other languages). I mean it really depends on what you conceive Basket as meaning in Dart. Essentially, Dart treats it as Basket :: T ? The answer is: who wants to do that in a optionally typed language? This is a function of pre-alpha tooling that doesn't do any type analysis. It would be trivial for the compiler to give you a warning in this circumstance with the type information you provided (and production compilers like SBCL will do so). That is ultimately the point of optional typing. To let you gradually firm up the types in your program as the design gels. The technology is there to get quite a lot of mileage out of the resulting type information, though I think it would definitely behoove Google to make sure the tooling works well from 1.0. E.g: https://gist.github.com/1325465 In the declaim I've specified the type of fib to be integer => integer. In the test function, I define a local function that calls a library function to concatenate two constants. The test function then calls fib with the result of calling the local function. Compiling this, SBCL complains: https://gist.github.com/1325469 Here, the compiler starts with the known types of "hello" and " world", realizes that the result of CONCATENATE must be an array or null (strings are arrays in Common Lisp), realize that the function FUN always returns a sequence, and then realize that this result conflicts with the asserted type of FIB. Indeed, if you define FIB inside TEST[1] you don't even need to declare the type of FIB, SBCL figures it out itself. [1] This restriction is a limitation of the semantics of Common Lisp. Global definitions could be redefined, so SBCL will not flow types through them. Lexical definitions cannot be redefined, so SBCL will analyze them. Dart does not have this limitation. There are two parts to this phenomenon. 1) when have you actually encountered sexism as a man outside some women's club meeting? As a man myself, I only get portrayed as a rapist in the minds of male redditors. 2) It's generally considered less offensive to make fun of the people in charge, for obvious reasons. By and large, men still run the country. Politicians, bankers, and judges are all overwhelmingly male. Make fun of a man in a commercial for being stupid? It's funny because the CEO of the advertising is almost certainly a man. Make fun of a woman for being stupid? It's less funny because as recently as when our parents were growing up we actually did make such commercials, except we meant it and actively excluded women from the workforce. We're not far enough removed from "math is hard" Barbie dolls to find humor in poking fun at the intelligence of women. Too soon. I don't know any practical algorithm for handling closures that'll let you code-gen Lisp in one pass, but in general writing Lisp compilers is frightfully easy: http://scheme2006.cs.uchicago.edu/11-ghuloum.pdf I think imperative programming is more foreign for someone who doesn't know programming. Defining a program using equational reasoning is more natural to someone who knows basic math. Programming is different enough from arithmetic that I don't know how much it helps. At my school, all engineering majors had to take freshman intro to programming in Scheme and it worked pretty well. Why has it become popular for dynamic languages to conflate establishing a binding with assigning it a new value? Ruby, Python, and Javascript are all guilty of this. Scheme got it right sometime in the 1970's. (let ((x initial-value)) ; binding (set! x new-value)) ; assignment Or in infix syntax (Dylan): let x = initial-value ; x := new-value ; It still conjures up variables out of thin air. sum = 0 for v in someList: smu += v print sum # prints 0, doh! You're right. It should be smu = sum + v Everything reaches an equilibrium. Taking away a high-profit/low-cost activity like drug trafficking will shift activity to something else, no doubt, but this alternate activity will likely be less profitable and support a smaller organization. We're seeing this with Wall Street. Dodd-Frank is raising the costs of doing business, causing the industry to down size. I used to program with a 24" monitor. Then I switched almost exclusively to my 13" Macbook/Pro and haven't looked back. The screen is just the right size to fit two 80x25 text editor windows side-by-side when full-screened. Swiping back and forth with Mission Control is almost as quick as switching your glance from one big monitor to another. Having your "mouse" right below your keyboard makes clicking something only marginally more time consuming than contorting your hands to hit an Emacs command sequence. Probably still faster with the big setup, but I get a lot of mileage out of my little setup and I get a huge productivity/creativity boost from being able to wander around the house, head to a Starbucks, etc. Mission Control on OS X on a laptop is also a huge improvement over overlapping windows. Swiping between full-screen apps becomes second nature very quickly. Wow, thanks! Mission Control is pretty fricking awesome. A phone and a laptop are two different things, and it makes sense to lock down one in a way that it doesn't make sense to lock down the other. There is no indication that Apple doesn't understand that. What I see with App Store sandboxing is a way to allow people to more easily try and buy apps without worrying what those apps are doing to their computer. I'm very careful about downloading and trying apps on my Mac because I don't know what files they're going to leave around on my computer or worse. Sandboxing in the App Store is a great way to make that situation better. XCode 4.x. Still crappy, but way better than Xcode 3.x. LLVM. Continuous improvements to the Obj-C 2.0 runtime like tagged pointers and Automatic Reference Counting. Versions, iCloud, and associated APIs for document persistence. MacRuby framework. People are forgetting that as consumption apps move to the iPad/iPhone, more of the people left on the Mac will need the extra power of a non-locked-down environment. Apple's goal is still to sell hardware. As long as they can create a newbie-safe experience on the Mac without locking out people who need to tinker, it buys them nothing to do so. Except a tablet is just a big phone... Yeah, I was reading the article and saw the mentions of Perl and was like -_-. I think the legal writing analogy is interesting. I think legal writing and programming are closer to each other than either are to math or literature. There is nothing wrong with optional semi-colons. In most cases, the parser doesn't need them, and the programmer doesn't want to type them. But they're useful in some cases for disambiguation, especially in a language like Xtend that doesn't use an explicit return. E.g. foo("bar") ; (a + b) The semicolon is necessary for disambiguation in a case like this, but there is no reason to require the programmer to put in semicolons everywhere. I think the operator precedence hierarchy and optional parens to override it is way more complicated, but people seem to deal with it fine. It's not so surprising. You remove one of the major pain points of developing your own language (platform/libraries), thus reducing the costs of writing your own language, which shifts the industry to a point where there are more languages. We should also use a fully-parenthesized prefix syntax so we don't get a mishmash of lines with and without parentheses used to override operator precedence! I agree Javascript's "automatic semicolon insertion" is a terrible feature, but largely because the description is so hard to understand that programmers don't know when the semicolon is required. In an expression-oriented language, like Xtend seems to be, the rule for when you need a semicolon is simple. The parser makes the longest legal expression it can, if that's not what you mean, then add a semicolon. It's no harder to understand than the lexer equivalent (the lexer makes the longest token you can, if you want to resolve the ambiguity insert a space), or the operator precedence rule (the parser will interpret infix operations using this precedence table, if that isn't what you mean use parentheses). Matlab, for example, doesn't require commas to separate list elements, and doesn't require but allows semicolons at the end of lines, and nobody complains. A C-like parser will keep parsing an expression as long as it's legal. Take: foo("bar") * a It will parse the call to 'foo', then see the '*' which is an infix operator and parse the whole thing as a multiplication expression. In most C-like languages, '(' is both a prefix operator (for grouping) and an infix operator (for function calls). So: foo("bar") (a + b) Is ambiguous if you don't require semicolons to separate expressions. The parser will parse the call to foo, then see the '(' and parse that as a call to the value returned by 'foo'. To stop that, you use the semicolon to stop parsing one expression, so the next '(' is treated as a prefix operator. Lisp, Dylan, Smalltalk, ML, Haskell, CoffeeScript, and Dart all have various levels of implicit return. It makes sense in a language where there are no statements, just expressions. Generally code is written to not need to return from the middle of a function. This is only really inconvenient in loops, and at least Dylan, Lisp, and Smalltalk make some provision for an "early return." I'm skeptical of that argument. Historically when technology has advanced, it has created new roles for people whose jobs were obsoleted. Why is now the time when the majority of the population becomes too dumb to cut it in the "new economy?" Especially when technology acts as a multiplying effect for what someone without specialized education can do? Generally, depressed wages (i.e.: decreased price of labor) should drive up demand. If that doesn't happen, that means there is a bottleneck somewhere else. I think a key observation missing in all of these analyses is the most obvious one: that bottleneck is energy. What's different between 1995 and today? Well a barrel of oil cost about $25 2010 dollars back then, and costs almost $100 dollars now. We have an economy that is entirely driven by oil. When the cost of that goes up, because we've run out of the easy-to-reach stuff and have moved to expensive and difficult methods, then it's no surprise that the economic equilibrium shifts to a point with lower activity. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7a/Sup... When costs go up, producers become less willing to supply product at a given price. This shifts the supply curve left, and establishes a new equilibrium at a lower quantity but higher price. Of course, with regards to oil, demand has been exploding in developing nations, which has pushed the demand curve to the right. Now, picture pulling the supply and demand curves to the left and right, respectively, at the same time to see how that causes the equilibrium price to spike. As for speculation, it's hard to tell what speculation is really doing here. Speculation is, to an extent, the mechanism through which the market incorporates knowledge about the future scarcity of a good into the price of the good. Whether or not we've hit "peak oil" we're clearly in a situation where oil extraction is getting more complex and expensive and demand is exploding. And oil resources are clearly finite and we'll run out sooner or later and there is no alternative in sight. Given these factors, the price of oil should be exploding. "The only thing more amazing than the degree to which the author missed the point of the exercise here is the degree to which he seems unaware that he missed the point of the exercise." No, what was amazing was how stupid the exercise was. The Common Lisp example was a perfectly reasonable translation of the AWK script, accounting for the fact that Common Lisp is a general purpose programming language that doesn't have the luxury of dedicating syntax to text-munging the way AWK does. Also, the whole concept of Lisp "winning" is silly. Common Lisp isn't making a comeback. Nobody thinks that. But every day that passes, languages get more like Lisp. Take, e.g., Xtend. We've got: LAMBDA: http://www.eclipse.org/Xtext/xtend/#closures TYPECASE: http://www.eclipse.org/Xtext/xtend/#switchexpression FORMAT: http://www.eclipse.org/Xtext/xtend/#templateexpression Open methods: http://www.eclipse.org/Xtext/xtend/#extensionmethods Multimethods: http://www.eclipse.org/Xtext/xtend/#multipledispatch Also: Statements as expressions, etc, implicit return, etc. For someone who doesn't know either, but is familiar with programming generally, which is more readable? I can guess what 'with-lines-from-file' does, I can guess what 'string-split' does, i can guess what 'string=' does, etc. The only thing I might not understand is 'aref'. With the AWK example, I have no place to start. Symbol-oriented languages, rather than word-oriented languages, are like that. They tend to be more concise for things very specialized tasks, like this, but that limits their generality. Show me a matrix multiplication routine in AWK versus Common Lisp. http://racket-lang.org/ Easy GUI IDE with debugging, etc. It's annoying to learn another IDE Capitalism is the engine that propelled us from riding around on horses to putting a man on the Moon in the span of one man's lifetime. Ironic that it was Communism that beat us at every milestone except for the last one, and only due to an accident of history (the death of the leader of the Soviet space program just before a push for a moon mission and the lack of someone to fill his shoes). This is a good sign. Market salary for a 30 y/o corporate lawyer in NYC was north of $250k this year, and for a 30 y/o banker it was probably 1.5x-2x that. Yet Google makes more revenue per employee than any law firm or investment bank. Professional salaries are a function of both objective factors (supply and demand), and subjective factors. Engineers have long had a disadvantage on the subjective side because it is difficult to quantize their contribution to the revenue of the company. Hopefully signs like this mean the perceptions are changing. Like it or not, the Valley needs to pay more to attract top people. If you're a science/engineering major at a top school at the top of your class, how much would you be willing to give up to go into engineering? Prior to these recent salary spikes, you were looking at making $30k less to start versus finance, growing to $300k-$400k less by 30. It takes a lot of love and dedication to turn that down for what is at the end of the day just a another job. As someone who left software engineering for law, I have to say that partnership is a great motivator. I don't want an incentive scheme to help make you money. Pay me 20-25% of the revenue I generate for the company and give me a non-zero chance to be a stakeholder and I'll work my ass of for you. Yet the partner/director carrot in law/banking/consulting convinces tons of Harvard, Yale, etc, grads each year to work 80 hour weeks for their 20s for a shot at equity (which realistically is more like 5-10% at big NYC type places and upwards of 30% in secondary markets). Trying to tax multi-national corporations is futile and encourages huge amounts of rent-seeking. We should just go to a low flat corporate tax rate (say 10%). To offset that we should stop taxing capital gains at a lower rate and crack down on tax avoidance by high-income individual taxpayers in the US. A corporation can run their activities from Bermuda or wherever they want, but corporate executives and shareholders aren't going to move to a shitty low-tax jurisdiction if we up their rates. With corporations, taxation is very complicated. The law is complicated because its tries to be sensitive to the question of who should be taxed where for what, and the facts are complicated because it's hard to find out exactly what revenues are being made and what they represent. You can always throw more enforcement at the problem, but that costs money, and your yield is uncertain because companies will just spend more money on tax lawyers to shift things around. Taxing individuals is a lot simpler. You live in the US, you pay US taxes on all your income. Also, I said we should stop taxing capital gains at a lower rate. There is no reason for it, and it just distorts the market, shifting activity from spending to saving. Capital gains taxes are not "double taxation." If you buy an asset for $1,000, you've paid for it with $1,000 after-tax dollars and acquire $1,000 in basis on the asset. If you then sell it for $2,000, you're taxed on the $1,000 accretion in value as a capital gain, but you are not taxed again on the $1,000 which forms your basis in the asset. So first of all, the concept of "double taxation" is something you have to be careful with. In general, a given dollar will be taxed more than once because it is spent more than once. However, that same dollar also counts towards the net income of the country more than once. Double taxation is when the same income is taxed more than once, which is a bit different. Capital gains in general does not involve double taxation. Some examples: If you buy property for $100,000, and sell it for $150,000, you'll pay capital gains taxes on the $50,000. Here, $200,000 of income is involved and $200,000 is taxed. Say you invest $100k in a store, and build it up to $100k/year in revenue. You sell it for $1m. The business has no assets to speak of (you lease the space, etc). You're taxed on the $900k. Here $1.9m of income is involved and $1.9m of income is taxed. Where you do run into double taxation is with corporations. $1m of corporate income is taxed once when it is earned and again when it is distributed as a dividend. But that's because the corporate income tax is double taxation, not because capital gains is double taxation. Also, there is no double taxation when paying salaries. Say you have $1m in revenue and $400k in expenses (salaries and rent). You're taxed on the $600k of net income, not the $1m in total revenue. Only (3) is double taxation. 1) Capital gains is not double taxation. You're only taxed on the gain, not the total value of the sale. 2) Dividends are only double tax because of (3). 3) This is actually double taxation. The same income is taxed twice, once when it is earned as profit by the corporation, then again when it is distributed as dividends. 4) Salaries are not included in taxable income, so you're not taxed twice. The point is that a corporation can relocate activities on paper to the Bahamas to avoid taxation. A US citizen can live and work in another country and try to avoid tax that way, but few people are actually going to do that. All of the places someone might actually want to live have higher tax rates than the US. So the basic point is that in any economy, a given dollar supports a multiple of one dollar in income. The US GDP is roughly $13 trillion dollars, which is roughly equivalent to the total national income ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gross_domestic_product#Income_a... ), but there are a lot fewer than $13 trillion dollars in circulation. Now, when you buy something with a post-tax dollar, that money will get taxed again, but that is not double taxation. That dollar is counting towards income again when you spend it. So say in the first example, the buyer made $200k in salary and capital gains, on which he paid 25% in taxes and was left with $150k. He then bought the property from the seller with that $150k, and the seller paid tax on the $50k of capital gains. Say this all happened in the same tax year. So the buyer reported $200k of income, and the seller reported $50k of income. That contributes $250k to the GDP. And taxes were paid on that $250k. No income was taxed twice. Now compare this to a corporation. Say it makes $1m in profits after expenses. It is taxed 30% on these profits, leaving $800k. It then distributes this $700k via a dividend to its shareholders, who are taxed another 15%, leaving $595k. This example does not involve $1m + $700k of income. Only $1m of income is added to GDP. But that same income is taxed twice: once as corporate taxes and again as capital gains. I mean I suppose it depends on your definition of "substantially the same form" and "proven." I'd argue that the Zen Jukebox did not prove that HDD MP3 players could be successful, and that Treos and other smartphones, though proven successful, were not substantially in the same form as an iPhone, and that previous tablets were proven failures and also not substantially in the same form as iPad's. I think the iPad is really the best example of Jobs' talent being used in a capacity that wasn't just tweaking. Stylus input and finger input are just completely different ways to approach the user interface. An iPad isn't a tweak of previous failed Windows tablets, it's throwing out the basic premise of the machine ("a tablet is just like your computer but in the palm of your hand") and starting from scratch ("what is the purpose of a tablet?"). Apples and oranges. There is something refreshing about someone who is willing to throw away a fundamental precept of tablet PCs (they have a stylus) because it sucks. I think every engineering team needs someone with some level of "wait why are we doing things this way?" (see P.G.'s essay on onions). In a way Ritchie was the exact opposite. A lot of the answers to questions of the form "why does C do things this way?" are "because BCPL did them that way." Which is a perfectly good attitude for an engineer as well ("don't fix what isn't broken") but also a more typical one. I disagree that it's a small design change. The decision to use finger input as opposed to stylus input has a cascading effect on the whole UI. Fingers are too fat to click on lots of little buttons, so you have to use direct manipulation everywhere you can. Take something simple like zooming or scrolling a page. In Windows Mobile circa 2006, the basic paradigm was the same one you'd use on the Xerox Alto in 1973: click on scroll up/down buttons to scroll, click on a menu and then on zoom in/out to zoom. The stylus was just a less capable mouse on a smaller screen. On iOS circa 2007, you pinch to zoom the page and swipe to scroll it. There is no analogue to this in the previous Windows/Menus/Icons/Pointers paradigm. I think the iOS UI is really the perfect example of something that wasn't just tweaking. Windows Mobile was just a tweak of the mouse-based Windows UI for stylus input. iOS threw away the Mac UI, predicated on the mouse, and started from scratch. "What does a UI look like when you start from the assumption that you're manipulating it with your fingers?" I agree that's a proper description of why Microsoft, etc, didn't do touch first, but what exactly is that relevant to? Your contention earlier was that stylus -> touch was a "tweak." My point is that it's not just a tweak, it's throwing out the existing model and starting from scratch. You implicitly acknowledge that by referencing the investment to make the change, an investment that is incurred by having to throw out the existing design and start over. Touch was not a tweak. It was throwing out the steering wheel and asking "so now how do you drive the car?" That's roughly what they do in the hypervisor version too (protection is at page granularity). The big problem is that this causes major suckage on an unmodified kernel because mprotect() changes mappings synchronously and only works on a linear region at a time. So basically every page that gets scanned involves a separate global TLB shootdown. The Azul collector doesn't need the changes in page protection to be visible immediately, so their kernel patch allows batching together the changes and committing in a single operation. As far as I can tell from reading their whitepaper, however, they still require kernel patches. It sounds like there is still a kernel module (the system tools RPM). McKinsey and Bain are incorporated partnerships, and BCG is still an actual partnership. Goldman Sachs, JPM, etc, are public companies, but their investment banking and trading divisions operate very differently from a typical public company. GS, for example, pays out 50% of revenues as compensation, with MDs and PMDs (partner managing director) sharing from a huge profit pool. Internally they function very much like partnerships. As for the chances of making partner, it depends heavily on the firm and the year. Skadden is something of an outlier[1]. The other big NYC firms bring aboard about ~100-120 associates per year, and promote between 5-15 depending on the economy. The last few years it's been around 5 and during the boom it was around 15. At medium-sized firms outside NYC, the %-age is more like 20-35%, though profits-per-partner at those firms are more like $300-500k/year, versus $2m+ at Skadden. [1] Though your numbers seem grossly exaggerated. Worldwide Skadden brought aboard ~200 this year, which was a big crop. The two years before that were ~100 put together. And over the last few years, the partners promoted counts have been: 2007 (29), 2008 (25), 2009 (8), 2010 (6), 2011 (8). > It's still the correct solution. And wouldn't it be great to design airplanes in a world without gravity? It would make things so much easier! Banking hasn't changed so much since the 1930s. The trackpad issue is an absolute deal breaker for me with PC laptops. Bad touchpad feel destroys the direct manipulation illusion. And the illusion is a pretty neat one. Swiping between full screen apps in Lion and gesturing to scroll, zoom, and go backwards and forwards in web pages is just amazing. Do you remember what touch pads were like even 10 years ago? Fiddly things that made you carry a mouse around with you? Mice feel so primitive to me now. What's battery life like with Linux on that Vaio? Zynga used employee's jobs as a bargaining chip to get them to give up contractual rights, and that is something a legal case can likely be built on, even if Zynga would have been otherwise within their rights to terminate these employees. Even in right to work states, there's all sorts of reasons a company can't fire you, it's just the burden is on you to prove them. Pedagogical example is that your boss can't fire you just because you wouldn't sleep with him. If they fire you claiming it was just for performance, but you have evidence of circumstances that makes it clear it was because you wouldn't sleep with him, then you've got a problem. Firing someone to screw them out of contractual rights you both agreed to is problematic. And even if the company claims it was performance-based, which they will have to, the CEO's statements basically give the other side all the evidence they need to refute that. Law student about to graduate, but not yet admitted to the bar/not giving legal advice/etc: The law does draw distinctions based on the circumstances surrounding a termination, even in an at-will state. The employee does not yet own the unvested shares, but they do have a contractual right to them. Terminating someone just to screw them out of a contractual right you agreed to in a contract is going to give someone ammo in a lawsuit. Given its pre-IPO situation, Zynga is in a bad leverage position in the face of such a lawsuit. They're going to have an incentive to settle just to get the claims to go away. What they probably should have done instead is to terminate the employees for performance up front with a generous severance package and a contractual agreement to not sue the company for improper termination. But they probably couldn't handle these employees leaving right now. They wanted to have their cake and eat it too. Lawyer up and sue for trademark infringement. This is correct. It's easier to enforce a registered trademark, but common law trademark rights are all based on likelihood of confusion, which is present here. It really depends on the probabilities of settlement versus winning a suit versus the costs of litigation, etc. It's probably best for them to just lawyer up and take their advice. This sort of tactical strategy is what they're paid to do. Morality and legality are somewhat intertwined in business law. Every contract contains an implied duty of "good faith and fair dealing." Violations of that duty can result in contract damages. It's not at all clear-cut. See sections 5-6 of this article: http://www.bernabeipllc.com/pdfs/stockoptions.pdf It's not a situation of how many lead software engineers can you buy for $50m. If Zynga had had $50m to begin with they wouldn't have given out options. What they offered, instead, was a 0.5% shot at $50m. It's a fundamental concept of contract law that the damages for breaching a contract are what are necessary to put the aggrieved party in the same position he would've been but for the breach. The rule exists precisely for this sort of scenario: when people bargain up front about highly uncertain things like this, they come to an understanding about risk/reward, potential cost and potential upside. In retrospect one party or the other is almost certainly going to get more or less than he or she expected. If courts didn't hold people to their promises, one party would nearly always have an incentive to back out, and nobody would ever enter into uncertain transactions. What Zynga is doing is at best unethical. The rub here is that we're dealing with unvested options. If it were trying to force employees to give up vested options it wouldn't be just unethical, it would be straight-up illegal. An options contract is a property interest, and can be readily valued in this circumstance. Even dealing with unvested options Zynga might've opened themselves up to liability. "At will employment" doesn't mean "anything goes." Also, the contract the employees had re: the options could be a second source of liability. First, "at will" doesn't mean "for any reason at all." Second, there is potential breach of the employment contract. Oracle lost a case around 2000 where they were forced to compensate someone wrongfully terminated for her unvested stock options. Other cases have been designed against the company on the grounds that firing someone just to screw them out of their options violated the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing in the employment contract. I think there is a colorable claim here. The law isn't as cut-and-dry as you're assuming. Google is an engineering, product, and advertising company, yet their m&a finance analysts are compensated quite well... There are a broad variety of roles within a company. I too use pencil and paper when I really need to "think", but I think for most things a stylus is the wrong sort of input for what you want to do with a portable device. For consumption tasks, browsing the web, etc, a touch interface is far preferable. For those tasks where touch isn't sufficient, a stylus isn't at all better. A stylus just doesn't work without the tactile response of paper (which the textured Wacom tablets can offer but a portable device can't). Salaries are a strange combination of supply and demand and superstition and belief. First, fundamentally, it is difficult to evaluate the contribution of either a manager or a programmer. So people fall back to the notion that, well there are fewer of the former and they're higher on the org chart so they should get paid more. Second, programming skills are seen as a commodity, while business analysis skills are seen as a rarity. This is mostly self-reinforcing perception. At the hiring stage, because people see programming as a commodity they're willing to recruit widely, while because they see business analysis as a rarity they place disproportionate emphasis on pedigree (hiring ex consultants at McKinsey, etc) which limits supply. Given the Bell Labs study, pedigree is probably vastly overrated, but business types place insane value on it. I'm in the legal field and see big firms perfectly happy to hire someone from the middle of the class at a top 10 school over someone in the top decile of a top 50 school. The difference in standardized entrance exam scores between the two is often quite small, and law firm work takes more work ethic than it does brilliance, but firms hire the folks with the pedigree because it's easier to sell that to a business type. Third, without using too broad of a brush, I think business analysis, etc, on average, attracts a more aggressive crowd. Programmers tend to be more mellow in my experience, and that affects people's perception of whether you've got "killer instinct" and whatnot. My law school's parent university has a business school, and frankly those folks are a little strange. They Facebook-friend people indiscriminately, always seem like they're trying to sell you something, and are really dedicated to physical fitness and grooming. Given that a large component of compensation is perception, it's easy to see why these folks would have a leg up. > Power is way more concentrated than the founders intended. I'm not sure this is anything more than technically true. It's easy to forget that the Constitution actually created a very powerful central government for its day. The Federalists, at least, envisioned the Constitution as giving Congress sweeping powers over inter-state economic activity, foreign relations, etc. The difference between then and now is that most human activity at the time of the writing of the Constitution was strictly local. You grew your own food, died where you were born, etc. What has happened today is not so much Congress extending its power closer to our day to day activities, but our day to day activities coming closer to the reach of Congress. Nearly every thing today involves a market transaction, often an inter-state one. If you asked one of the founders whether a purchase of a product produced with components from multiple states, in a transaction involving multiple multi-national corporations at the point of sale, was within the scope of Congressional power over commerce, the answer would likely be "well if such activity isn't within its scope, what is?" Yet that is precisely the transaction that would occur if I were to go downstairs and buy a Snickers bar from the VISA-enabled vending machine. If you lived today on a farm, self-sufficient, perhaps trading with other self-sufficient people, like it was 1789, I don't think you'd notice much difference in Congress's power over you. You'd have to file a yearly tax return, but the Tax Code doesn't tax self-created value so you wouldn't pay much if anything in taxes. You wouldn't be paying into social security, etc. You wouldn't be using health care services, so that would all be inapplicable. The biggest burden on you would be the collection of state property taxes, just the same as it would've been in 1789. Fair point about states appointing Senators. The taxation bit isn't on point at all. The Constitution gave Congress broad taxing authority: "That the authority conferred upon Congress by § 8 of Article I 'to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises' is exhaustive and embraces every conceivable power of taxation has never been questioned" Bruschaber v. Union Pacific, 240 U.S. 1, 12 (1916). The limits the Constitution imposed were in "the requirements of Art. I, § 8, cl. 1, that 'all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States,' and... the limitations of Art. I, § 2, cl. 3, that 'direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several States' and of Art. I, § 9, cl. 4, that 'no capitation, or other direct, tax shall be laid, unless in proportion to the census or enumeration hereinbefore directed to be taken.'" I.e. direct taxes must be apportioned, while excise (indirect) taxes must be uniform throughout the states. Now, "direct" is a term of art. It does not mean that Congress can't directly tax individuals. The Framers intended for "direct taxes" to be a narrowly-defined category. "What are direct taxes within the meaning of the Constitution? The Constitution declares that a capitation tax is a direct tax, and both in theory and practice a tax on land is deemed to be a direct tax." Hylton v. U.S., 3 US 171, 176 (1796). "I never entertained a doubt that the principal, I will not say, the only, objects that the framers of the Constitution contemplated as falling within the rule of apportionment were a capitation tax and a tax on land." Id. at 177. Now an 1895 case called Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co. ruled that a tax on income from property was effectively a direct tax. It noted that a tax on the gross value of land was one of the two taxes considered direct by the Framers (the other being a capitation--head tax), and determined that a tax on income from land was basically the same thing. What the 16th amendment did, then, was not grant Congress a broad new taxing authority had did not previously have, but nor even resolve the question of whether an income tax was a direct tax or an indirect tax, but simply removed the constraint of apportionment from the income tax, whether or not it was a direct tax. Many people think Pollock was wrongly decided, for the simple reason that the income tax is much more like an excise tax than a property tax. The distinction between the two, as the Framers understood it was that a direct tax could not be shifted to another person, but had to be paid by the person it was legally allocated to. A head tax is the ultimate direct tax: you have to pay it, regardless of anything else. The prototypical indirect tax is something like a sales (excise) tax, where the cost of the tax can be passed along to the buyer. The income tax is much more like an excise tax than a direct tax. It only taxes the proceeds from market transactions involving goods and labor. Income taxes are readily shifted to someone besides who it is legally incident to. Payroll taxes, for example, are apportioned by the market among employer and employee irrespective of how they are apportioned legally. Essentially, the income tax for most people functions like an excise tax on labor. What changed between 1789 and today was not really that the 16th Amendment gave Congress carte blanche to tax the heck out of people, but rather that nearly all of the country's activity became subject to market transactions that brought it within Congress's taxing power. If you lived on a farm like in 1789, being nearly self-sufficient, like most of America at the time, the IRS could collect very little from you even today. It can't tax the value resulting from growing your own food or making your own clothes. It's only because you participate in market transactions for every little thing, from selling your labor on the open market to buying your bread on the open market, that brings so much activity within Congress's taxing power. Wickard v. Filburn is at the very edge of Commerce Clause jurisprudence, and is probably a high watermark. There was a lot of scaling back of the doctrine under the Rehnquist and Roberts courts. > The issue really became one of scaling democracy Scaling democracy is absolutely the issue. It's pretty much a fundamental fact of systems that organizational overhead grows super-linearly. Why are Windows, OS X, and Linux so big? Why do Microsoft and IBM and even Google have so much bureaucracy? The US population in 1790 was 3.9 million. Today it's over 300 million. Of course government is going to be much larger than it was then! It's because there isn't much point. Most Lisps use a tagging scheme like: 00 = Integer 01 = Pointer With 00 as the integer tag, integer addition and subtraction can be done directly without masking off the tags. Multiplication and division need the tags masked, but are slow anyway. The tag can also be stripped off for free on any architecture that offers BASE + OFFSET addressing (just subtract 1 from the desired constant offset). You're conflating useful with productive. Huge productive industries employing tons of people are built around things that are merely trendy and fashionable (pop music, LV purses, etc). All the notation is marginally useful when you're writing math on a chalkboard, but saving a few characters in source code isn't really worth it. I like languages that resist the urge to make use of those letters above the number keys. The fact that Haskell allows libraries to define their own operators is a crime against humanity that justifies the sort of criticism usually leveled at Lisp macros, which is that it's impossible to guess what they mean without looking them up. I sometimes regret not switching out of my aerospace engineering major. I went to a good undergraduate engineering school (Georgia Tech), and frankly the educational experience was terrible. Professors who weren't engaged, TA's who couldn't speak English well enough to easily convey the material, exams that were unrelated to what was taught in class, etc. I had a few great professors, but they were few and far between. When I left engineering to go to a smallish private law school, I had a totally different experience. Classes taught entirely by professors. Maximum of ~60 students per class and more typically 20-30 in upper-level courses. Professors who would engage the class in hypotheticals rather than just dryly recount the rules. Exams that actually tested the material we learned. The fundamental problem is that engineering schools, especially the big state ones like Berkeley, Michigan, Illinois, and Georgia Tech, are research factories. They crank out certain amount of BS's to meet industry demand for engineers, but their investment in those graduates seems minimal at best. Now, don't get me wrong. I think an undergraduate degree in engineering is still the best way to go (as long as you can hack the math and it won't kill your GPA). Even if you ultimately want to do law, finance, or consulting, people really do take you more seriously. But at the same time, I really can't blame people when they stay away from STEM majors, especially ones that test well and know they will be able to go to a top graduate school with their liberal arts degree. > It seems like even research universities are increasingly doing work that are more low-quality first-startup style grabs at attention, using machine learning (itself a balkanized field devoid of theory) as a semantic stopsign-marker of objective quality, and less of "classical" computer science results that were very mathematically informed. I disagree with this. Much of the product of computer science departments these days is mathematical gibberish. Pages of proofs written by extremely poor writers with nary a point in sight. The heyday of computer science, in contrast, involved academics working on interesting problems and publishing readable work that was accessible to practitioners. For example, the papers that came out Rice's Scaler Compiler Group in the early 1990s are a model of clarity and good taste in academic writing. I think Preston Brigg's PhD thesis is great: http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~mckinley/380C/lecs/briggs-thesis-1... This is also great: http://hall.org.ua/halls/wizzard/pdf/Vaughan.Pratt.TDOP.pdf At the top 10-15 law schools, more than 50% the class will get a six figure job to start, and a big fraction of the remainder will have wanted to do public service to begin with. Even just a bit below that, at some of the top 30 schools like UIUC that drops to maybe 10%. At the same time, salaries aren't distributed normally, and the next mode is somewhere in the $50k range. Engineering is both less segregated (people at MIT aren't all making Google salaries and people at Penn State can get still top jobs) and less bimodal (the top jobs don't pay 3x as much as the median job, and even people who do poorly grades-wise can often find some sort of employment). So if you're looking at a top engineering program like Berkeley versus doing a bullshit humanities degree followed by a top law school, you'll likely come out ahead monetarily pursuing the latter option. On the other hand going to a decent state engineering school is probably a better bet than aforementioned humanities degree and a decent state law school. That being said, even someone who went to aforementioned state law school and is working in "small law" for $50k can make a lot of money if he can bring in business. And if you went to that big firm and can bring in business, you can get paid millions while still doing legal work. On the engineering side, you either have to go the startup route, get an MBA and go into management (which involves not being an engineer anymore), or be content hearing "we couldn't possibly pay an engineer as much as a manager!" It's changing a bit with the Google's and Facebook's of the world, but is still the basic reality for most non-software folks. > I was a math/CS TA for several years, and I don't think the problem is with tough freshman classes, low grades or a focus on theory. Eh. Math illiteracy is a problem, but I came into college having taken calc/physics/quantum mechanics, had nearly perfect math SAT's/SAT II's, etc, and I still hated engineering school. I think engineering is just plain taught the wrong way. I'd say 80% of my classes were literally just the professor deriving some formula in some tortured fashion, doing a token problem, then going onto the next formula. This might be an adequate pedagogical style for a PhD candidate, but at the undergraduate level this just rewards the kids who have the longest attention span. As a practicing engineer, you need to understand some of the origins of the formulas, sure, but more than that you need to see how the formulas work in practice, how they interact with each other, how they fit into the big picture. Professors give barely token attention to any of that. In fact it even goes beyond the theory/practice distinction. Playing with concepts and seeing how they interact, rather than laboriously grinding out every mathematical detail, is a great way to teach theory too! The basic components of good communication are universal: you tell your audience what you're going to tell them, you tell them, and then you tell them what you told them. Engineering professors can be ridiculously inept at doing this, and it's no surprise people tune out and leave the programs. The problem is the 3.0 median. At my law school, where most people majored in social sciences at places like Berkeley, Michigan, etc, 3.0 is a bottom of the barrel GPA in terms of getting admitted. I think the median is like 3.8. Our peer law schools won't even take someone with below a 3.2-3.3 or so. Meanwhile, 3.3 was a great GPA at the engineering department at Georgia Tech when I was there. You can complain about grade inflation, etc, but at the end of the day you're telling that 18 year old kid: "don't even try to major in engineering, because even if you keep up with your highly qualified peers you'll still kill any shot you might have had at a non-engineering graduate program." Yes, these are x86 cores. Actually quite a bit like the Pentium (p55c) with a 512-bit vector unit bolted on. Far more limited architecture. His logic is fine. You can work backwards from a result that seems suspect to question the conclusions from which that result stems. This is not remotely true. You hear about the big ones, DMCA, PATRIOT, etc, but most legislation is routine stuff that keeps the country humming along. Saying gridlock in government is a good thing is like saying gridlock in Google's management was a good thing. We need government and we need effective government. The internet is the product of a government project and has been heavily regulated since its inception. It doesn't work like that, not even in theory. Communications infrastructure is a market that inevitably involves natural monopolies: first because of the cost structure of the industry (marginal cost curve always decreasing) and second because of network effects. You have to put this test in context. It's basically testing how fast you can take floating-point values out of JS objects, put them in vertex buffers, and shuttle them through the JS C foreign-function interface into the GL library. This is pretty much a worst-case scenario for JS, and Opera gets within about 4x of C++. For more complex rendering, JS will be faster, relatively, because the GPU will have to do more work for each batch of vertices you send over. For game logic, JS will be faster, relatively, because going through the foreign function interface is actually somewhat slow. You have to pin GC'ed objects onto the stack, etc. Moreover, calling into code the JIT can't see can disable certain optimizations. If you look at certain FP micro benchmarks, like nbody and spectrum-norm in the Shootout, V8 is within 4x of gcc -O3 on nbody, within 3x on spectral-norm when using gcc's vector extensions, and dead-even with gcc on spectral-norm when not using gcc's vector extensions. The places where V8 still falls down are property access (the prototype OO system forces some overhead) and lack of vectorization. The former can be addressed by using an SoA layout rather than an AoS layout, and if your code is amenable to vectorization you should break out the assembler anyway. Actually C++ advantage would be smaller, since the test isn't at all GPU bound. It's basically testing how fast you can copy data through the JS C++ FFI into the GL library. A test that stayed within JS would optimize better and perform better relative to C++. I mean the answer is that the Python example is nearly purely functional to begin with. It uses list comprehensions heavily and I couldn't find any mutating assignments in a quick glance of the code. Which is not surprising, since it was written by Peter Norvig, who wrote a very popular Lisp book. I think what Clojure can offer on top of that is macros, the advantages of which are really only evident on bigger or harder problems. I love Emacs. Have used it for years. Which makes it frustrating that the GUI sucks so hard. I program on a laptop which means that reaching for the mouse is far less expensive then it is with a keyboard+mouse setup. Sublime Text supports this beautifully, by offering pretty comprehensive keyboard-ability while not neglecting mouse-ability. Emacs just falls down hard on this front. Not to mention that on OS X it does pretty much everything against the basic conventions of the OS. The Keynes quote made me think of something. We have in the U.S. what is probably best described as an ethical system based on profit. It's literally pervasive. "The only purpose of corporations is to maximize shareholder profit." "We should have economic policies that grow the pie." All of these statements are couched in a normative principle: that the singular pursuit of profit will lead to maximization of the pie, and thus the greatest overall welfare. This normative principle was defensible in the 18th century, though Adam Smith never took it to quite the extremes that we have today, but is pretty solidly indefensible based on what we know about economics in 2011. And that's something I don't think even most economists would dispute today. Yet, our ethical system is beholden to that principle, though we know it is based on assumptions we know to be wrong. What MBA programs need to teach, and I think it is happening recently to some extent, is that "social responsibility" is not a dirty word. Considering the social impact of business decisions, something that is considered irrelevant under the current ethic because of the premise that profit-maximization == welfare maximization, is not only not a bad thing, it is an indispensable obligation of doing business in civilized society. If you read Adam Smith, his argument is that pursuit of individual gain produces social good. "By pursuing his own interest he frequently promotes that of the society more effectually than when he really intends to promote it." The rhetoric we use today "a rising tide lifts all boats" and the like is thoroughly rooted in that thinking. The fact of that matter is that we know this premise to be false. That knowledge is indeed irrelevant if you conceive of the profit-maximizing principle as being entirely rooted in an "every man is an island" hyper-libertarian conceptualization, but that is a relatively modern phenomenon and a wholly inaccurate description of the underpinnings of modern American ethics. As a practical matter, only a few crazies actually believe that people have no social obligations. A large majority have some social conscience, but because they fully buy in to Smith's normative principle, they believe that their business decisions need not be guided by considerations other than profit. To the extent that this principle is invalid, their behavior is inconsistent with fostering desirable outcomes. > I disagree. If someone doesn't pursue their own interests then by logical necessity they are pursueing interests imposed on them. If you read the text surrounding the quoted language, it uses "own interest" in a narrow sense, not encompassing altruism. If you subscribe to the notion that there is a dichotomy between "own interest" (encompassing altruism) and "the state's interest" then yes your claim is logically valid, but also besides the point. The ethic underlying modern American business ethics conceives that profit maximization maximizes overall social welfare (i.e. it uses the narrower definition of "own interest" that Smith uses, not your broader definition). > Of course, by disagreeing with that you would prove my point that "social responsibility" is anything but a completely subjective term that varies (greatly) by each individual, and only has power in the context of the State. Guess what? We live in a state. And we live in a state where most people believe in welfare maximization: the greatest good for the greatest number. And many of those people, in the business context, believe that profit maximization leads to welfare maximization. To the extent that this assumption is incorrect, their behavior is inconsistent with their desired outcomes. > But what does social obligation mean? If you didn't obligate yourself, then social obligation really means obligation by force, obligation to the State and whatever the State deems an obligation. You obligate yourself by participating in civilized society. You obligate yourself by exchanging, for the protections of civilized society, the duties of living in a civilized society. You try to separate "the State" from "the people" but in reality "we the people" created "the State" to defend our property interests. "We the people" through "the State" keep big strong men from taking what you conceive of as "your property" and that obligates you to us. That obligation doesn't necessarily have to involve coercion. To the extent that you don't consider how your business decisions impact society at large, it might simply make you a "bad person." The problem is that we have an ethical system that relieves you of the duty to make that consideration. You can ruthlessly try to maximize shareholder value and still be a "good person." That ethic is predicated on the idea that profit maximization ultimately serves to maximize social welfare. What I'm arguing is that this assumption has been empirically invalidated (or at least drastically limited) and as such we should move towards an ethic that labels people who are socially inconsiderate as "bad people." We used the Klein textbook on Business Associations, but it should be the same material... Yes, I agree that in the eyes of the law there is more to the corporate purpose than just maximizing shareholder profit. However, I'd argue that the law is really the last bastion of considerations of fairness and equity in the corporate sphere, and the idea that maximizing shareholder profit is morally right is dominant, both among business people and in our political discourse. You can still apprentice and then take the bar in California, without attending law school, and that hasn't seemed to do anything positive for the price of legal services in that state. Winston presupposes that increasing supply will decrease costs, but he fails to understand that it's not the ABA that's limiting supply. The DOJ smacked them down in the 1990s for trying to limit supply--the accredit law schools as quickly as people can open them up. Rather, what limits supply is how many students Harvard, Yale, etc, are willing to enroll. Big firms hire almost exclusively from the top 15-20 national schools, plus the very top students at the regional schools. The limitation in supply of those people drives the firms' cost structures. And people keep bringing their business to these firms because they're afraid of losing litigation or screwing up a deal and are willing to pay for the abstract comfort of the credentials. As a law student I think the article misses a few points. 1) The case method is a great way to teach concepts. Working with hypotheticals and seeing how rules interact is extremely useful, and something I greatly missed in my engineering education where I spent 4 years just watching some TA do derivations on the board. 2) Schools don't teach outdated law as the article seems to imply. Sure you read some old cases in the process, but some of the basic areas of the law haven't changed that much! To take the example of Hadley v. Baxendale used in the article, it was true in 1850 that damages for breach of contract are limited to those that were foreseeable by the parties, and it's still true today! When I took contracts, our book started with Hadley, but went on to describe several cases that arose in the dispute between Texaco and Pennzoil when they were both trying to acquire Getty. 3) Law school doesn't leave you any more unprepared to practice law as engineering school leaves you to practice engineering. Indeed, law school does a much better job teaching you to "think like a practicing lawyer" than engineering school does to teach you to "think like a practicing engineer." The problem is that a lot of the courses that teach you lawyering skills are elective, and people would rather take "law and social change" or something fluffy like that. At our school we have extensive clinic offerings, and my friends and I are doing everything from poking around in a Superfund site to helping defend criminals. And the professors aren't all eggheads. My tax ethics and business associations professors are partners at local law firms, my telecom and environmental law professors practiced in the field for years before coming to teach, my clinic professor was general counsel at a major corporation, etc. One of the things that I hate about journalists is they often don't see that their commentary has no relation to what the source is saying: "He adds that intellectual ability - the trait that an I.Q. score reflects - turns out not to be that important. 'Once someone has reached an I.Q. of somewhere around 120,' he writes, 'having additional I.Q. points doesn't seem to translate into any measureable real-world advantage.'" Yes, IQ isn't that important. Once you're in the top 10% in terms of IQ, it's really just about hard work! > Funny that it's called a "social contract" when it doesn't conform to contract law! It is a basic principle of contract law that you ratify a contract (implicitly consent) by acting according to the contract. You have, for some number of years, accepted the protection of the state. You have ratified the contract through your participation in civilized society. Well in one sense this research is government subsidized, because it's paid for through tuition that is paid for through government-backed student loans. On the other hand, the government recoups that money so the actual subsidy is much smaller than the $575 million figure. That being said, I think there is one very salient aspect to the whole law review system, which is that it engenders participation by a much broader cross-section of lawyers than is the case in other academic fields. Law reviews publish students and practitioners in addition to professors. You see articles not just about abstract theory, but the mechanics of some new tax provision. Even at big law firms some partners take the time to publish, not just articles but books. This is far better than say CS academia, where most articles are math-wankery that everyone ignores. Asking "why do we need lawyers" is like asking "why do we need CPAs?" Or "why do we need programmers", for that matter. In modern society its just the product of division labor. Some people specialize in the complex field, then advise other people. They leverage the economics of the fact that their knowledge can serve multiple clients who have similar problem, so the clients don't have to learn the law themselves. It's not the phrasing that makes the law complex. It's the fact that the law is a mechanism through which we mediate human interaction, and the interactions of modern society are phenomenally complicated. E.g. the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890, which is still basically "the law" in the area of antitrust, fits in just a few pages: http://www.linfo.org/sherman_txt.html It's not dense legalese. "Every contract, combination in the form of trust or otherwise, or conspiracy, in restraint of trade or commerce among the several States, or with foreign nations, is declared to be illegal." That's the gist of the Act. Yet, many lawyers make their living specializing in this law. Why? Because restraint of trade is hard to define precisely (if the Act tried to define it precisely, it would be dense legalese, like the Tax Code). Courts navigate antitrust suits largely be looking at what they've done before (consistency of result is often more important in law than getting the 'right answer', which may very well not exist). Lawyers help their clients navigate through that web of precedent. It used to be the case, a hundred years ago, that law was unnecessarily complex. You had to plead cases in this highly stylized format, etc. That's all gone now. Courts will go to great lengths to make sense of a complaint written in crayon. What's left is a lot of necessary complexity. Look at the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure: http://www.law.cornell.edu/rules/frcp/#chapter_vii Again, it's not dense legalese. "A summons must be served with a copy of the complaint. The plaintiff is responsible for having the summons and complaint served within the time allowed by Rule 4(m) and must furnish the necessary copies to the person who makes service." When law students take civil procedure, the greatest source of complexity actually ends up being complexity inherent in our federal system: choice of forum, choice of law, etc. Under what circumstances can a California court exert jurisdiction over an Alabama resident? When does a federal court have to apply state law? Which state's law? Classic tragedy of the commons situation. Buffalo, ironically another species we nearly hunted to extinction. Articles like this should really lay to rest the idea that there are rational market forces at work behind compensation. One thing the article doesn't go into is how insanely easy it is to game this system if you've the knack for standardized exams. The LSAT requires no prior knowledge, and simply tests how quickly you can work with logic in your head. With a 4.0 in basket weaving, and a 175 on the LSAT, you're almost guaranteed admission to Harvard Law with a $160k+bonus job waiting for you at the other end. For class of 2011, which was the one most hard-hit by the recession, Harvard Law was still at about 80% of people who wanted it getting those jobs. I'd imagine it's back over 90% now. Even Columbia is over 75% now. As for getting in the top half... it's another highly game-able thing. Your grades are based entirely on exams that are basically like the LSAT---they test you on how quickly you can apply a relatively simple set of rules to ambiguous facts. The only classes that test your writing (which is what you actually do as a lawyer!) in the all-important first year are typically weighted very little, or even ungraded. At least in law, once inside the firm your compensation is in lock-step by seniority. In banking, unless you're in trading where your contribution is very easily quantifiable, your bonus will depend largely on how your particular division/project does. And this article isn't just about screening. You can do pretty terribly at Harvard Law and still walk out with a 160k+bonus job. Firms hire after the first year of law school, and so don't really care about what you do in law school either. The interviews are a cakewalk, mostly to screen people with serious personality problems who are otherwise borderline from a school/grades standpoint. Banking/consulting is even more credential focused. They hire from a narrower range of schools than law firms, and put less emphasis on having top grades. > But what % of those 80% are getting top-tier biglaw jobs (or clerkships)? At Harvard, Yale, and Stanford? Yes. The other good schools (top 10/15-ish) are in the 60% range. Outside the top 20, it's probably in the 10% range and below. Given that Ivy admissions these days is based almost entirely on high-school GPA and standardized test scores, I wouldn't wager that the PSU grad is 15 IQ points smarter than the Harvard grad. > Worth noting is that these firms go after mediocre Ivy graduates. The banks typically hire around the top 1/3 at Ivies, even higher these days given the economy. My friend, a 3.9 physics major at H/Y/P chose banking over research, and so did a lot of his similarly well-qualified classmates. Hard to turn down a job where your starting pay is about what a mid-career researcher with a PhD makes. The difference between PSU and Harvard students is SAT scores, not really GPA. Penn state's 25-75 range is 1750-1990 (77-93 %-ile), while Harvard's is 2070-2350 (96-99+ %-ile). The SAT is about as well correlated with IQ tests as IQ tests are with each other. Statistically speaking, the 25 %-ile of Harvard's class in terms of IQ is probably right around the 80th %-ile at PSU+. Do you think a 90th %-ile PSU student has a full standard deviation higher IQ than a 80th %-ile PSU student? Note I'm not using the word "smart" because as Malcom Gladwell points out there are diminishing returns beyond top 10% IQ's. However, you're the one who made the claim based on IQ. + It's probably more pronounced than that because of the way admissions is handled individual schools do not have bell-curve distributions of SAT scores. There are sharp drop-offs below the 25th and above the 75th because schools don't have to report this numbers to USNWR. To be fair, so is the third one. At least lawyers give advice that spans a broader range than "fire people to goose short-term profits". :D Not quant stuff. Straight-up trading. His MD was making $2m a year in his early 30s. I'm not assuming Harvard gives determinative weight to SAT scores. But its 25-75 is what it is. At least 75% of Harvard students have above a 96th %-ile SAT. In practice it's a necessary but not sufficient qualification. Non-terminating compilation in Common Lisp: (defmacro get-stuck (x) (labels ((infinite () (infinite))) (infinite) x)) (get-stuck 3) A lot of a tax return is just huge reams of supporting documentation (accountings of expenditures, etc). Also, keep in mind the scale of the endeavor. $150bn in revenus accounted for in 57,000 pages. I.e. 1 page of documentation for $2.63m in revenue. How much did it cost to generate and analyze? $10m? $50m? At $50m that's an overhead of 0.03%, for an inevitable part of running a modern society. Seems way less inefficient when you put it in context. I think to the contrary, programming language design as an area is flourishing now more than it has in a couple of decades. The availability of the JVM and JS as targets are freeing people up to experiment with lot's of different languages. Sure a lot of the things in these languages have been seen in some form before, but because there is so much cross-interaction between language features, putting things together in tasteful and elegant ways can be very innovative in the PL context. It's easy to forget that Lisp, Haskell, Python, etc, didn't just spring forth fully formed. I read a great history of Lisp recently: http://www.dreamsongs.com/NewFiles/Hopl2.pdf . A lot of the features in Common Lisp we take for granted today were the product of various dialects and splinters of Lisp over the years. Chicago isn't land constrained, but has a dense urban core (roughly comparable in overall density to London) and has great public transportation, both within the city and within the larger metro area ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/Metra-Sys... ). Proper urban planning can go a long way. Lisp. I'm not sure it would work at most startups. Firms that use "up or out" policies offer a few things to potential hires: 1) A high salary (to make up for potentially short tenure) 2) Potential for equity shares in profits and control (even though McKinsey is technically a corporation, its run as a partnership with partners being the shareholders) 3) Training backed by a brand they can take to their next job When someone takes an offer at McKinsey or Cravath or Goldman, they know that they'll be compensated at the top of their field, they'll get a resume line they can take to their next job when they get "or out-ed", and that if they prove to be a super-star they'll get a real stake in the company. None of these things are true for a startup. That is not to say that startups don't offer their own benefits (I think working at a startup is the best training you can get as a software engineer, but it stings that future employers don't really put much stock in it unless you get lucky and the startup turns into a brand name), but in adopting an "up or out" model you adopt all of the downsides of that model without offering any of the upsides. Bright kids put schools in a difficult position, to be sure. The biggest problem with them is they're still just kids. They may be high-IQ, but they've got kid-like focus, maturity, self-motivation, etc. It would be relatively easy to just take high-IQ children and let them tool around on their own, but that's not a good idea because they'll never learn study skills and organizational skills that are so necessary to succeed in the real world. Gifted and talented programs are, of course, an option, but they cost money and even when they're available they're often too-little, too-late. Magnet high schools, for example, don't do much good when a kid has been figuring out who to avoid schoolwork to spare himself from the sheer boredom since kindergarten. I think a good solution would be to develop specialized curricula for advanced students at the state or national level (segregated by area to account for students who are advanced in some areas but not others). Obviously it would be logistically impossible for teachers to teach and grade these different assignments, but gifted students tend to be able to self-teach, and grading should be purely based on effort anyway. Interesting read. Honestly, Scala looks like gibberish to me. I strongly distrust a language where I can't hold its conceptual model in my head all at once. This is true for C, true for JS, true for ML, and hell even true for Common Lisp (once you realize it's all macros over a simple core). It is not true for Scala or Haskell, at least for me. It's easy to blame the user, but the fact is that there are languages designed in good taste and languages designed in bad taste. I'd argue C++ is an example of the latter, with its panoply of awkward non-orthogonal features. It's quite possible that Scala is too, and that it's not just the user's fault. I can't remember the last time I complained about the speed of something other than my at&t data connection. Eh, Ruby's failure modes are predictable too. I've never tracked a bug down to a "garbage collection problem", whatever that is. But I certainly have come across problems with C's lack of type safety, lack of memory safety, lack of GC, etc. The power continuum isn't the same as the conceptual simplicity continuum. C++, for example, is less powerful than Common Lisp while being more complex as well. At the same time, is Haskell more powerful? Common Lisp, relative to C++, buys me the ability to run arbitrary functions at compile-time and generate code. Haskell takes away that power, and as far as I can tell doesn't add anything to replace it. Indeed, it lets your code do strictly less thanks to the type system. He has a point. Whitespace is definitely significant to C's lexer, if not it's parser. When people say "significant whitespace" they're implicitly talking about "implicitly significant to the parser as well as the lexer." The article talks about average federal pay versus average private sector pay, but that makes no sense. The government doesn't have a lot of customer-facing retail positions and the like, and does have a lot of professional positions (lawyers, economists, scientists, accountants, engineers, etc). Also, within many (but not all, obviously) occupations, the government tends to hire more qualified people than average because they deal with complex work. Federal accountants aren't handling the work of some 50-person small business, they're auditing the tax returns of multi-billion dollar international corporations. Federal lawyers aren't handling some old guy's will, they're overseeing multi-billion dollar transactions. There is way more money in catering to companies like Google that build markets than there is in helping the RIAA keep grandma and cousin Timmy from illegally downloading music. I don't think there is any real money in SOPA for anyone involved. It just seems to be a dying industry spitefully flailing about as it takes its last gasps of breath. > On another note, I do not know why working at Facebook would be intrinsically more rewarding than working at Jane Street. Because the former actually makes a useful product? > Finally, the finance skill set is not quite the same as what is needed at Facebook. At least at the entry level, the hiring is for credentials not so much skill set. There is a decent number of math/cs majors who end up in finance (not even necessarily something like computational finance, just state up IB or trading) instead of engineering. Hacker means people who hack on code. Why aren't languages like Ruby relevant. It's a pretty decent proxy, unfortunately, given that you can't meet people before you interview them. Re: asians- I went to a magnet high-school in the late 1990's, and at the time it was about 25% asian. My brother went there later, and by the time he finished (10 years after I had started) the demographics had skewed to 50%+ asian and the culture had changed dramatically. People were a lot less fun and a lot less outgoing, and a lot more intense and competitive. When I went to law school I met a lot of fun, outgoing asians, so I don't want to paint things with too broad a brush, but honestly I wouldn't want my kid going to a school that was 50%+ asian. College is a time when kids should be getting socialized. Drinking, figuring out the opposite sex, even a little bit of risk taking are valuable in teaching people to navigate modern American society, and when you're surrounded by people whose parents spent 18 years telling them not to do any of those things I think you have an impoverished experience. Actually, when my brother was choosing between HYP and Caltech, I helped him lobby my parents for the former for precisely these reasons. > The biggest problem is that the author seems to be completely ignorant (willfully or otherwise) of the issues involved at the hardware level. There's not any issues at the hardware level. Integer arithmetic is simplistic mostly because languages that run on current CPU's have simplistic integer semantics. It's not because more complicated semantics would be impossible to implement at the hardware level. Take a look at some of the complex integer instructions that SSE supports with single-cycle latency. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_machine The C compiler in that machine was written in Lisp. :) > If you are a developer or a reviewer and you regularly use an iOS device and an Android device, the difference is evident and jarring. If you're an end-use it quickly disappears and is a non-issue. It just isn't a real problem for end users. Except when they're trying out different devices looking to buy one. Also, to a certain extent people put up with stuff like this because they don't know it can be better. E.g. Windows's shitty move/resize for all those years. But do you think, in the face of OS X, Windows could've continued to do without compositing up to now? > The Android approach was that it was better to be correct How do you define "correct"? The "correct" behavior is dependent on what you're trying to achieve. What you're trying to achieve should be defined with reference to the user: what will make the user happiest? In a multi-touch interface, where you're trying to maintain the direct manipulation illusion, preserving "feel" at the expense of showing the rendered content a split-second earlier is almost certainly the right trade-off. The user will chalk the checkerboard up to page loading and their internet connection. They'll chalk hiccups in manipulation up to the device itself. This is almost certainly the right answer. Synchronization/priority is the #1 culprit when people complain that a UI is "laggy." It was why BeOS was so renowned for being snappy--all rendering was done in a separate high-priority thread. It's also one of the reasons Linux has always been criticized for a laggy UI: the X server/application/window manager triumvirate isn't so much slow as it is a total mess from a priority point of view. You end up needing priority-shifting schemes UNIX doesn't have (quickly shifting priority from the WM to the app to the X server as an event flows from the X server through the WM to the app). I don't see why buying a new TV should be different than buying a new laptop. A 47" LG LCD TV is about the same price as a Macbook Air, and nobody complains that the MBA requires them to "replace their existing laptop." Not that I think Apple is going out with TV's. The content situation is still iffy, and I'm not really sure if Apple can do anything about the pure shit interfaces DirectTV and the cable companies put on their services. The distinction between private goods and public goods is somewhat artificial. It's more useful to think in terms of externalities. Education doesn't just produce a private benefit, like a piece of cake. It produces a large positive externality. The situation is quite a bit more nuanced than that. The court will certainly go to substantial lengths to find a way to uphold a popular law or strike down a bad law, but they don't make things up out of thin air. When a class-action lawyer sues to enforce anti-trust laws, at least theoretically he is creating wealth. The transfer of money is incidental to an enforcement system that seeks to control the incentive structure of monopolists. Monopolies, of course, create deadweight losses in the economy. Avoidance of deadweight losses are functionally equivalent to creation of wealth. Now, I'd certainly argue that entrepreneurs create more wealth more effectively. That said, the more we learn about economics the more situations we find where market failures undermine efficient allocations of productive capital. And by and large our solution to those market failures has involved writing laws which are enforced in many cases by plaintiff's lawyers. > It's not striking down a law, but you can see the process at work most clearly in Bush v. Gore. It was, on the face of it, a horrible decision, and the court itself said it shouldn't be used for any precedent; it's not been cited once since then Bush v. Gore is like a once in history Constitutional crisis. It's not representative. LLVM isn't the worlds greatest target for a dynamic language, as Rubinius and Unladen Swallow found out. It does a lot of low level optimization, but a basic prerequisite to that is being able to do some sort of optimistic type-based optimizations, and LLVM has no infrastructure for that. It looks like HipHopVM uses tracing which is probably a better way to go. There have been developments in our knowledge of the market since 1680 (when that quote was uttered). Except the folks at ZeroHedge are nutters, while Randall Munroe used to work at NASA. > The best way to allocate resources is to have knowledgeable parties commence in free exchange. The role of government is to ensure that force and fraud are absent from the marketplace. If there is any further goal of the government it could possibly be encouraging the spread of information, although that is rife with conflicts of interest. We have about 50 years of research showing that there are way more barriers to efficient allocations via the market than just information asymmetries. Start here: http://www.hss.caltech.edu/~camerer/ribe239.pdf Regulation is one solution to market failures. It's not the only solution, but in many cases it works well. The Clean Air Act, for example, has been extremely successful at addressing the negative externalities created by air pollution. Beyond that--the lesson that we're learning from modern economics research is that there are no touchstones. Humans aren't rational actors, the efficient allocation theories are predicated on unrealistic assumptions about the behavior of economic actors and the lack of transaction costs, etc. "Laissez faire" isn't any more of a guiding principle than "big brother knows best." The only way to proceed is empirically--use measurements to determine when government solutions are needed and when market solutions suffice. It's a fairly uncontroversial claim that the market naturally under invents in R&D. It's something you'll see in any basic economics 101 textbook. So why shout "laissez faire" to a government initiative addressing such a market failure? > It's always interesting when an economic argument ignores either costs or benefits. While the clean air act provided benefits, that doesn't imply that we couldn't have gotten the benefits for less, let alone that every regulation in the face of claimed "market failure", or even actual externalities, is a good idea. There are several studies showing the huge benefits of the CAA relative to its costs. Banning leaded gasoline alone was a net $16 billion/year benefit. And no, there is no implication that we couldn't have achieved the benefits of the CAA for less. That's the reality of the world we live in. Neoclassical economics only guarantees us efficient market allocations in the face of demonstrably false assumptions about consumer behavior, transaction costs, lack of externalities, etc. The "laissez faire" touchstone is good and debunked. All we have left is empiricism. Use the tools we have to address perceived problems, then see if the benefits outweigh the costs. There will be no guarantees that you'll have chosen an efficient solution, but any regulation where the benefits outweigh the costs can be justified on its own merits. There is a good article about it here: http://www.cptech.org/ip/health/econ/dimasi2003.pdf They peg the cost of bringing a new drug to market at about $800m on average. It's a roughly 40%/60% split between pre-clinical and clinical phases. So even without any testing at all you're still looking at several hundred million dollars of expenditures. And testing at a lower standard than the FDA currently requires can only save you so much. The paper shows that about 50% of the clinical costs are just from the cost of capital (having expensive capital lying around while waiting to go through testing). It's hard to imagine any practical sort of testing that doesn't incur these costs, even if you deviate from FDA standards and involve less patients, etc. Also, you have to look at the cost avoided through rigorous testing. Human lives are expensive, purely from an economic standpoint. Say the average 50 year-old makes about $50k/year and has another 15 working years. That's about $750k in income alone. Since an employer would never hire someone that wasn't worth at least their salary, the economic value of the worker is probably well over $1m. Now you have a study here about a new cholesterol drug: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=6577591 . On a test of 15,000 people, with half taking the new drug and half taking Lipitor, the new drug resulted in 60% more deaths, or about 0.41% as a fraction of the overall test group. And this was a drug already deep into human trials. Now, consider that a popular drug like is prescribed to tens of millions of people. What is 0.41% of 10 million? About 41,000. At $1m a pop, that's $41 billion. Now, I'm just throwing some numbers around. The point is that even extremely small variations in the effectiveness of drugs can have huge economic impacts when you consider how widely prescribed these drugs are (to a demographic, I might add, that's often at the peak of their earning power). And there is just no way the market would be able to uncover this information without rigorous clinical testing. A 0.4% difference in efficacy can have billions of dollars in impacts, but if you're talking about a sample group where 2-3% might die in a given sample period anyway, nobody would ever know about that difference. Patents right now at 17 years from issue or 20 years from filing (a process which can take several years to culminate in issuance). > I think if you spend more than ten years in the business and you still are in love with a particular tool, you probably haven't really done anything big, or you haven't ever looked around to see how other people do things. Overgeneralization. It's like nice looking cars. Just because you love a classic Shelby Mustang doesn't mean you can't acknowledge there are other good tools out there. After years of programming professionally in C++ and occasionally Python, there is still something about the design of Common Lisp that I love. It's like using a Mac--the attention to detail evidences an obvious good taste that I rarely see in other languages or their libraries. There's very little I'd change about Common Lisp as a language, but I'd kill for a modern OS X IDE for it. The colors don't necessarily look identical to him. If you have trouble see in green, and two colors differ by how much green is in them, you might perceive the two colors to be closer together than someone with normal color vision perceives the two colors. I think that's what you see in a lot of the pictures. Look at the green in the coat in the self-portrait. What appears as distinct lines of green in the normal color version becomes muted in the modified color version and blends in much more with the other colors, but with just enough difference to lend a rich texture to the coat. Programming on a laptop dramatically changes the cost/benefit of keyboard-heavy interfaces, IMHO. E.g. it's almost as quick for me to flick the cursor to switch tabs as it is to type a chorded keyboard shortcut to switch buffers, especially factoring in the ability to look and think about what buffer I want before initiating any movement. > Also, Emacs doesn't have real Lion full screen support, but try "M-x set-variable RET ns-auto-hide-menu-bar RET t RET" which comes close. It doesn't come close at all. It takes over the primary desktop which results in very weird behavior with the Dock. Which is, ultimately, the thing that drives me up the wall about Emacs. It doesn't behave like an OS X app, and the token GUI support is fiddly and jarring (lack of smooth scrolling, etc). Now that other editors are upping the ante in terms of scriptability (Sublime Text has an awesome Python API, too bad its closed-source), the reasons to stick with Emacs are rapidly decreasing for me. Law isn't really big enough where there are a room full of people equally as reputable as Lawrence Tribe that you can poll. This is really more like "Paul Dirac says X about physics." Bullet 3 is extremely insightful. How much of this do you think is really about little Timmy "stealing music" and how much is about getting a powerful tool to fight Youtube, Facebook, and Twitter. Remember, MTV used to be, in many ways, like the Twitter of the 1980's. That doesn't really show any laws being unconstitutional. Yes, there are lots of things we have that aren't in the Constitution, but not even the most adherent textualist thinks you can find everything you need to structure a government within the four corners of a 10-page document. It incorporates by reference hundreds of years of English law and history. The site you linked to mostly just notes examples of that. Sure, but even given that the headline is reasonable. It is quite rational to judge the credibility of a prediction on the basis of the credibility of the person making the prediction. Paul Dirac might've been wrong numerous times in his career, but you can bet if another physicist got a letter from Dirac disagreeing with their results, they'd check their math a couple of more times! Not saying that there aren't unconstitutional laws on the books, but going to one of the top links in your search isn't very illustrative of the point: http://www.krusch.com/real/unconstitutional.html E.g. 18 U.S.C. §1462. Importation or transportation of obscene matters. He says: "Consequently, Congress explicitly indicated its intent to leave in force all the pre-existing provisions of 18 U.S.C. §1462. In other words, giving out abortion information over the Internet, as of 1996, is illegal. Wow!" Except when the Communications Decency Act was challenged in 1996, the government didn't even attempt to defend the enforceability of 1462(c), which prohibited the exchange of "obscene" materials over the internet. While not deleted from the code, it effectively can't be enforced because the government acquiesced on its obvious unconstitutionality. And the other parts of the CDA that they did try to defend were struck down by the Supreme Court. You have to remember that "the law" in the U.S. isn't just what's in the statutes, it's what's in the statues + court decisions. There's a lot of garbage in the U.S. Code that can't be enforced because of court decisions like that. The "symbols are more comprehensible" thing is a bunch of pseudoscientific mumbo-jumbo. Not the least of all because 'and' and '&&' are both obviously symbolic, just with different symbols. I cringe at the thought of whitespace as an infix operator... "Right" is a term of art. If you are denied a right, you can sue to get that right vindicated. So in that sense running water is not a right. But what do "rights" have to do with this discussion? Running water may or may not be a right, but it's a basic feature of first world civilization. It is an embarrassment to the nation when a major county in the U.S. can't provide its citizens with running water, because of the greed and corruption of some politicians and some banks. I was born in Bangladesh (where running water is indeed a luxury for most people), and my dad has spent his life working in public health (not running water, but vaccine programs and the like). These are problems to be dealt with in places like Uganda, not in the United States. > humans have a natural right to not being aggressed against In pastafarianism, humans have a natural right to linguine on Tuesdays. So what? Rothbard is like Plato. Interesting thinker from a historical perspective, but it's not like we still take the Earth, Wind, Fire, Water thing seriously. That particular strain of libertarianism is indefensible on anything other than religious grounds ("Property is a god-given right while water isn't") or something equally metaphysical. Great points! Also: 1) the Commerce Clause has broad, powerful language. It was interpreted in its broad sense only a few decades after the Constitution was ratified, both by the court and the first few Congresses. 2) the framers, at least many of them, did intend this broad reading. They intended to have a national government with broad power to regulate commerce, as a response to the articles of confederation. This "camp" won not only at the drafting stage, but in the few decades after as it was interpreted. 3) a reading of the First Amendment incompatible with other clauses of the constitution, and the common law incorporated by reference is purely non-sensical. The framers knew what patents and copyrights were-the first Copyright Act was passed in 1790. SOPA is a stupid law, but in broad terms it's within the heart of Congress's enumated power: the power to regulate the interstate flow of property created directly pursuant to a constitutional provision. The question isn't so much about whether you're as qualified as the courts to interpret the Constitution, but rather that particular debates have been litigated already and a particular interpretation chosen. The power to regulate commerce encompasses the mediums of commerce. This issue was litigated in 1824 and decided in favor of the broad reading of the commerce power espoused by the federalist camp of framers. The case lays out the current understanding of Congress's power over commerce: "Consistent with this structure, we have identified three broad categories of activity that Congress may regulate under its commerce power... First, Congress may regulate the use of the channels of interstate commerce... Second, Congress is empowered to regulate and protect the instrumentalities of interstate commerce, or persons or things in interstate commerce, even though the threat may come only from intrastate activities... Finally, Congress' commerce authority includes the power to regulate those activities having a substantial relation to interstate commerce, i.e., those activities that substantially affect interstate commerce." Sad. It would be refreshing to get some west-coast culture to NYC. The stereotypical San Franciscan gets up at 7am, wears business-casual to work, and his or her hobbies include biking and wine/food. The stereotypical New Yorker gets up at 9am, wears a suit to work, and his or her hobbies include alcoholism and chain smoking. I'm joking, but only kind of. I spent this summer working in both NYC and the Bay area and it was like a night and day difference. NYC is so much more hierarchical, image conscious and anxiously intense. One comment I wanted to make about this the last time this came up... "Privilege" is a loaded word. It's a word that some people take great offense to, but it's a word that cannot rationally be ignored. Success can be a pretty fragile phenomenon. I never fully appreciated the benefit of privilege until relatively recently. I was an unfocused teenager who slacked in college, but stumbled onto a good career anyway (so far, fingers crossed). I would like to ascribe it to turning myself around and working hard, but the fact of the matter is that privilege played a huge role. I got to work at a cool startup right out of high school, because I lived in the sort of relatively nice neighborhood where well-connected people launching startups from their basements might live. I never had to worry about credit checks for jobs because my parents had kept me on a small line of credit all through college to build up my history. When I quit my job to go to grad school, I never worried about running short of money just as finals were rolling around--daddy could always front me a couple of hundred to get me through the rest of the month. This is not trust-fund level privilege, just something pretty much any engineer or the like could provide for his (or her) family, but I'm pretty sure without it I would be working some below-median job today. So... before you decry the article, remember that success, for most people, is at the margins. Think about how you got to where you are, and ask yourself: if people just found me 5% less credible because of my gender, race, etc, would life really have turned out identically? PS) I was reminded of how uneven things can subtly be a couple of days ago during the SOPA hearings. One of the posts that made it to the front page of reddit was a photo of some woman giving testimony, where the photo had been edited to look like it was an x-ray shot through her shirt. I thought to myself how interesting that was. Not that it was so insanely offensive in and of itself, but rather because I've never seen something like that pop up on the front page when a man says something dumb on TV. > If this interpretation is correct, then media that portrays men as badass and woman as sexy isn't necessarily showing evidence of pandering to males. It may simply be reflecting evolutionary gender roles. It may be that this is one thing males should stop all the self-flagellation over. It's not about self-flagellation or who is pandering to who. The article makes a broader point about how the perception of gender roles affect's our collective judgment about women's' contributions in geek society. Your point about the basis of roles in biology is well taken, but: 1) It's not really clear how it's relevant to the larger point of the article. Batman is surely the epitome of sexual desirability in a man (rich, smart, attractive, crime fighter!) but what about the Joker and the Doctor? Skinny guy with disfigured face and pudgy dude with a neck beard? Those portrayals have nothing to do with sexual desirability. The Joker is supposed to convey manic-scary, and the Doctor precise-scary. Meanwhile, all the female portrayals are sexy-something. Sexy-crazy, sexy-eco terrorist, etc. Indeed, the point you make really reinforces the point in the article: we only portray women in terms of their sexual attractiveness, while we're willing to entertain a full range of human traits in men. 2) You can't say how much of these perceptions is rooted in culture versus biology. We're genetically predisposed to be skeptical of people not from "our clan", and slavery of not-like-kind people has been a feature of human society since antiquity, yet here we are in 2011, with massively different perceptions than even 60 years ago. Perceptions aren't just abstract subjects of self-flagellation. They matter. Heck, geeks should be all too aware of this. As a born loudmouth, I've noticed countless times where people would take my opinion more seriously over someone who was more socially cautious. My girlfriend and I went through a pretty extensive recruiting process in our field in the last year, and you couldn't pay me to switch places with her. She assiduously avoided mentioning me, because it always lead to people trying to figure out if she was a flight risk, while my mentioning her always made me seem more stable. Even if the difference in perception gives women a few % handicap (though I'd postulate, without evidence, it's a heck of a lot more than that, especially in fields like tech or finance), that's a pretty substantial liability when you factor into account the level of competition. That's a shockingly insightful list. I love #30: I can be loud with no fear of being called a shrew. I can be aggressive with no fear of being called a bitch. I've found that I can entertain a much broader range of personality tones than my female friends. You have to be an order of magnitude more aggressive to be an "asshole" than you do to be a "bitch." "Pensive" is a word you might use for a man, "moody" for the equivalent in a woman. I've never had to fight a socialized urge to defer to anyone in conversation, and certainly not to someone of the opposite sex. Standard procedure in some fields, surprisingly common in others. I had a friend get hassled about an open collection before taking a job with the feds. > Wouldn't it be trivial to create a female privilege checklist? Sure. My girlfriend can randomly go up to random people and play with their babies, while my doing so is likely to get me arrested. A mother has the presumption of getting custody in a contentious divorce, etc. Nobody would take a sexual harassment complaint against a woman seriously. But you know what? In pure economic terms, I'd take male privilege over female privilege any day of the week. I can't remember the last time a woman was sexually harassing me but nobody at work would take me seriously. Negotiating salaries, gunning for promotions, making trade-offs between career and family--these are things with huge economic impact that affects everyone and women have a disadvantage in these areas because of perceptions. Oh definitely. But when was the last time having a reputation as a "choke artist" negatively impacted someone at work? The same way debugging between machine code and source code works when all you really have from the processor is an instruction pointer. :D You maintain a two-way mapping between file names/line numbers in the CS source and file names/line numbers in the JS source. When the debugger throws an exception with a line number, just translate it before presenting it to the user. For break points and stepping, go in the opposite direction. Another thing to consider for code like this is that all Intel CPU's since the Core 2 tend to suffer somewhat from loop-unrolling optimizations. They have limited fetch bandwidth and SSE instructions are pretty long. Instead, they've got a loop buffer after the instruction fetch unit (after the decoders in Nehalem), which can feed the decoders much faster than the fetch unit. However the buffer is limited in size, and if unrolling causes the loop to exceed the size of the buffer, it can result in a substantial performance penalty. So just to give you some background. In any Lisp, when you evaluate a list, the first element is treated as an operator, and the remaining items are treated as arguments. Moreover, there is no distinction between graphic characters or alphabetic characters for the purposes of defining variable names. So '+' is a valid name for a variable (which is bound to the addition function), and so is '+3'. So without the space, it thinks you are trying to call the function '+3' with the argument '3'. My dad grew up in Bangladesh (a country of many rivers). When he was young, fish were plentiful in the waters around where he lived. Americans eat maybe a few kinds of fish, but in his culture they had dozens of different kinds as part of the cuisine (because of its abundance). As intensive farming practices took hold in the 1970's and 1980's, the fertilizer run-off got into the rivers and killed many of the fish, and destroyed the diversity of the fish stocks. When talking about the success of the agricultural methods, of course, nobody ever accounts for the loss of that important food source in the overall calculus. The point of the story is that yes, people should care about things like food, etc, before the environment. But at the same time, environmental degradation dramatically affects your ability to secure food, shelter, and safety. E.g. it is thought that the Indus River valley civilization declined because of ecological collapse. The costs of environmental degradation on human well-being are diffuse and often indirect, which means it's easy to completely discount them, whereas a rational analysis would factor them in fully into cost-benefit analyses. This is particularly true at a time when clean water is becoming a crucial resource world-wide. The western world can afford high-tech solutions to clean up water, but the developing world cannot. For their own well-being, people in places like India would do well to be deadly-serious about keeping their water clean to begin with. So India can be like Brazil with its massive income inequality? > So the only way for farmers to survive is to subsidize them? Yes. When the west was developing industrialization, for example, we heavily subsidized burgeoning industry (and still do). It's probably because cellulose fibers and dust can be quite dangerous. Cornell has an excellent engineering school (much better than Columbia or NYU). Not quite as good as Stanford or MIT, but a much stronger ties to NYC. $10m here, $10m there, eventually you're talking about real money. ;) > None of these things are "language features" that compile from a language that has them—CoffeeScript—into a language that doesn't have them—JavaScript. This is inane. Haskell used to compile to C. Were they not "language features"? Apple licensed Xerox's tech. For a song because Xerox didn't know what it was worth. It's not exactly a "you can't sue us" clause, but more like a "you agree to arbitration" clause. Courts will generally not construe such clauses to prevent suit in situations like if your XBox explodes and injures you, but thanks to the good old boys in Congress (fueled by conjured fears of frivolous litigation) and the laws they've passed endorsing arbitration rather than litigation, courts give more effect to such clauses than they otherwise would. In the U.S. the sign would be relevant only to the extent that it would support a finding of contributory negligence (i.e. you were aware of the risk and took it anyway), which would be the case in Australia too since it's a common law concept. It would not bar a suit. In general, you cannot in the U.S. sign a blanket waiver giving up your right to sue. Waivers are generally narrowly construed to limit their scope to what the parties foresaw, and some types of waivers are just void as against public policy. For example if you sign a waiver of liability when you go skydiving, it might protect the skydiving company against a suit if you land the wrong way and sprain your ankle, but it won't protect them against a suit if the pilot was drunk and the plane crashes. The article makes a lot more sense if you think of "science" not as the idealized process, but the actual process as practiced by people at Pfizer, Merck, etc. Read the Hume reference not as a criticism of the scientific method, but rather as a reminder of something we already know (correlation != causation), but that we in practice assume all the time in order to apply science to certain problems. He's saying not that the method is bad, but that things are getting complex enough, at least in medicine, where we're hitting some limits on how easily we can practice science to the necessary level of rigor and precision. I don't see the author as claiming there is a "failure of science in general" (I didn't read the title of the article literally, however). I think a drug like that getting that far into development, despite targeting an extremely well understood biological pathway, is a decent example of the practice of science in at least some contexts hitting certain limits. No way. It's a black metal and glass slab with a silver antenna band around the edge. From the edge-on view it looks exactly like an iPhone. Scheme got this right in 1970. There is no excuse to design a new language this way. I would say you should read the claims to see what is actually covered before jumping to conclusions, but eek the article title isn't sensationalizing at all. As far as prior art, the claims only cover in-call multitasking in a finger-touch based UI. 'let' is a way to make things more local! When I say: let x = 0, I'm saying "hey, I don't care what 'x' is in other scopes, in this local scope it's 10, dammit!" > by saying it would end up with the same limitations as the JVM No, they were saying that it would end up with a different set of limitations, and gives the JVM as an example. E.g. if you exposed the current Dart VM's feature set as a byte code VM, ML folks would complain it doesn't support tail calls, Haskell folks would complain it doesn't allow them to efficiently encode their TABLES_NEXT_TO_CODE optimization, etc. Java folks would complain it's integer semantics are wrong (overflow to bignum rather than wrap-around), that it lacks support for arbitrary class loading, etc. While the article doesn't offer a lot of hard facts, I think it touches on a larger point that bears repeating: GDP is a completely arbitrary number that does not merit the sort of reverence it gets in the media and political process. Here's a good example: http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=does%20the%20... The paper, among other things, describes how the GDP of the oil-producing nations is dramatically overstated, because most of their oil revenue should really be counted as conversion of capital rather than accessions to wealth. Not directly relevant to Japan, but part of the overall debate of getting past the use of GDP as a touchstone metric. The two statements are not necessarily in conflict. It helps Google's bottom line to move the web forward, and make more things possible through browser interfaces. It argues against using shareholder value as the metric for the purposes of incentivizing managers. Coincidentally, I just read about this in "Animal Spirits" a recent book on behavioral economics and the market. It mentions Welch's view and analyzes a lot of similar situations. > But here's the thing: They can improve the software. Here is the other thing: the software is the only thing that matters. I can forgive an awkwardly placed on/of button, I hit it a couple of times a day. Lost touch events and the like, are an absolute deal breaker. I would never buy a car that regularly ignored throttle input or turns of the steering wheel, why would I buy a touch-interface device that regularly ignores touch events? One of the arguments I'm seeing here is that people shouldn't have such high expectations because it's a $200 device. You don't really want the reputation of releasing a device that's cheap because it's crappy, rather than cheap because it's limited. From a customer's point of view, for $200 they expect a smaller screen, less storage, less features, less ability to run the latest games. They do not expect less fit and finish. See the car industry for an example. You expect less bells and whistles from a Toyota Corolla than you do from a Lexus, less power and less luxurious materials, etc, but you don't expect that the dash will have large gaps in it, the steering will be unreliable, etc. It really depends on the task. For an embedded device with a UI, where memory is at a premium, reference counting is probably the way to go. But for pure throughput, especially on a multiprocessor machine, you really want to go with tracing garbage collector. In a multiprocessor system you have to keep caches coherent, and writes to the reference count have the effect of invalidating remote cache lines, increasing coherency traffic, etc. She wasn't refusing screening. She wanted to read the Constitution while doing it. Legally, this was a legal protest. Take a look at airport security in Israel sometime. They don't have this silly invasive rigamarole that we do. They have highly trained agents that observe peoples' behavior to look for suspicious events. If they search someone, then it's because they have reasonable cause. We don't want to do that because it's expensive to do it right. So we have the TSA, which is just a jobs program for the most unskilled folks in the population, and creates an illusion of security without having to provide real security. Divorces are already generally settled out of court. As for other forms of civil court... I'm curious to hear the justification for your claim. Wow. I didn't even realize there were still states without no-fault divorce. Looks like just NYS. So the justification for the modern class action suit is to save on court resources, so you don't have to litigate basically the same facts thousands of times. Getting rid of it would have consequences that aren't straight forward to predict. On one hand, it would definitely hurt certain plaintiff's lawyers who depend on these blockbuster class actions. On the other hand, it would be good for plaintiff's lawyers generally, because there would be a lot more suits without the consolidation process of a class action. And it would be good for defense lawyers, since there would be more suits to defend against. As for the impact on consumers, the vast majority would just choose not to litigate for the small sums involved. I'm not going to litigate over a fault $1,000 laptop, but I'd be happy to get a $100 settlement over it, even though it's at a huge discount over maybe what my claim might've been. You have to do good work, yes, but that's not sufficient in most places to advance to the top. To maximize individual success, you have to lobby for important work, then do a good job at it, then lobby for more important work. By making connections and growing your network, you can: 1) find that more important work to be able to demonstrate your talents; 2) add value to the company in ways you couldn't by simply doing a little bit of a better job on the work you're given. This is a "Javascript has retarded semantics" problem, nothing more. This would never work in Lisp. Moreover, despite being a strongly-ish typed language, C++ has pretty ridiculous implicit conversion semantics, only statically rather than dynamically. Your work would likely be in Manhattan, maybe in Brooklyn. A 2 bedroom apartment within walking distance of the business districts in midtown or downtown runs about $4,000 a month. 3 bedrooms are available on the Upper East Side, but at that range prices rise exponentially. The only good public schools in the city are the magnet schools. Obviously $8,000 on an apartment isn't supportable on $100k. The compromise most people make is to commute from New Jersey or Westchester (45 minutes to an hour, depending) on the excellent train network. If you're coming from Westchester, this is a very comfortable commute on relatively new trains with WiFi, etc. Schools in these places are very good, and leasing a 3 bedroom house in that range is very doable. Do you live in the city? People come together, through the government, to stop unwanted advertising. The law works, and the people are happy. Ericingram bitches about how the government is the biggest barrier to prosperity. -_- > Advertising is what gives cities their unique visual culture. No it doesn't. Architecture, etc, does that. More to the point, cities are where people live, not works of art. Seeing all the advertisements in Manhattan might be fun for tourists, but they're straining for people who live there. You're a nutter. That's kind of the whole point of the research. Neoclassical economics assumes certain things about peoples' utility functions that aren't true. For example, even though you can ascribe utility to going on a date, there should be no difference between not going on a date at all and having to cancel a date you had expected to go on. Obviously people don't view things that way. Or, to use another example from Kahneman's work, getting a $5,000 raise out of the blue is perceived as very different than getting a $5,000 raise after your boss had told you to expect a $10,000 raise. Or, for that matter, after your coworker got a $10,000 raise. From the standpoint of neoclassical economics, these outcomes should be the same, but clearly they're not. Delving into the psychology of the rational actor in this way is a pretty fundamental change in economics. A good summary paper on behavioral economics by a professor at Caltech: http://www.hss.caltech.edu/~camerer/ribe239.pdf Dan Kahneman, Richard Thaler and Dan Ariely have both published some popular books on the subject. Thinking Fast, Thinking Slow just came out last year. Predictably Irrational came out a few years ago. Nudge (Cass Sunstein and Richard Thaler) looks at the implications of behavioral economics for the law. There is a good summary article of that work here: http://www.law.harvard.edu/programs/olin_center/papers/pdf/2... . I personally think this work is pretty earth-shattering in the field, and that the above work is a must-read for anyone interested in economics. The engineer side of me is really attracted to the fact that behavioral economics uses legitimate experimental methodology, instead of mathematically-supported handwaving. And the implications of the work really turn some of our assumptions about the nature of the economic system on their head. Note the interesting bit about the London mayor: "The move even prompted London Mayor Boris Johnson to state he was in “awe” of Bloomberg and would consider joining him on the quest to become adept at, or at least acquainted with, programming, as the BBC reported." This is a great thing for Bloomberg to do. In an age where so many politicians are trying as hard as they can to stifle the new economy in favor of the old economy, the major of a city with a GDP bigger than that of 47 other states paying such public attention to the tech industry is a great step in moving our politics forward. Not really. That is imbuing the situation with your political preferences re: privacy. You can pursue an economic policy that creates high levels of inflation without necessarily triggering hyperinflation. The goal of course would be to gradually inflate away the value of the debt, not to pay it all back immediately. > Firstly, yes there are many people with fancy clothes. What the author does not say is that a lot of those people live with their parents - and their whole income is expendible. I don't know if this phenomeneon started after the bubble economy, but it is quite shocking. Living in larger family units is actually very efficient. The way we do things here in the U.S. is actually shockingly inefficient. Parents buy big houses in the suburbs when they have kids, and don't down size when the kids leave. So you have an older couple using one floor of an oversized house and the kid maintaining a separate household. Then when the kid has kids, they buy another big house in the suburbs, then pay someone thousands of dollars a month to take care of said kids after school. Meanwhile the grandparents sit around their big house bored and lonely. There are a lot of weird cultural taboos in the U.S. that create this state of affairs, but the end result is vast inefficiency in resource usage compared to societies where bigger households are the norm. Elegance and purity are the last thing Common Lisper's care about. Common Lisp is a by-committee spec, after all. If you're going to characterize the "shitty attitude" around Lisp, it's much more about the language being pragmatically well-designed. Dynamic, but not unmanageably so like Ruby. Tasteful API design unlike Java. Performance much closer to Java than to scripting languages. Etc. A lot of this is poor API design, and the product of Java's baggage as something that needs to have well-defined safety semantics for internet applications. It is not a necessary constraint of high-level languages that they don't offer the ability to get down to the metal. SBCL, for example, offers a lot of mechanisms for unboxed primitive arrays, unsafe declarations, and these days even SSE intrinsics. Uh, none of this makes any sense. Most of the founding fathers had a huge problem with inherited wealth. Indeed, the "sanctity of inheritance" is a fairly recent concept. The historical view of Anglo-American law has been that property rights cease to exist at death, and that inheritance is a mere courtesy provided by the state: http://odur.let.rug.nl/~usa/P/tj3/writings/brf/jefl81.htm . Sure, with a cooperative judge. Which is why this made-up problem of judicial activism is such a huge threat to democracy. As a highly distributed system, the judiciary is the hardest thing for corporate interests to corrupt. > But Guantánamo is still in business, You can't extoll the virtues of a distributed, decentralized government then sweep its implications under the rug when you want to criticize a particular person. Completely false dichotomy. There is a whole field of law studying extra-territorial application of domestic law in certain circumstances. > How much harm does counterfeit drugs do? My dad works in public health, and counterfeit drugs do a lot of harm. I think SOPA, etc, is bad, but I also think the reaction of the geek crowd has been monumentally ineffective. These laws are all ultimately drafted by policy wonks. They actually do have the statistics on the prevalence of counterfeit drugs if you take the time to do the research. You can't oppose bad laws by pretending the political process doesn't exist, by dismissing off-hand what other people consider to be legitimate grievances, especially without having studied the subject. NDAA = National Defense Authorization Act. It's the legislation that's passed every year to basically keep the Department of Defense in existence. This is, of course, why we really need a line-item veto amendment. Because Congress can basically make a provision "un-vetoable" by including it in some giant appropriations bill. I think the response to this letter represents everything that's wrong with the tech community's approach to SOPA, etc. You can't pretend the political process doesn't exist. We live in a country of 300 million people, each other their own interests, and this is the ugly way they all get hashed out. At it's core, the White House's response to this petition is both reasonable and an opportunity. Basically they say: 1) we don't want to shut down Google, reddit, etc 2) we can't ignore the grievances of copyright holders, and asks the internet community for help reconciling (1) and (2). Some of the things facilitated through places like thepiratebay.org are completely illegal, and I don't think anyone is trying to justify those activities. What people are doing, rather, is creating this extreme dichotomy: either thepiratebay.org exists completely in its current form, or you have to censor the entire internet. That is not the dichotomy you want to create, because losing that battle would be of course disastrous. Given the current climate, and the status of Google, Apple, et al as the only bright part of a dismal economy, the tech industry is uniquely positioned to help pass an extremely narrow law that does little more than give people the political ammo to tell the MPAA/RIAA "hey you already got what you want!" But that'll require a willingness to participate in the political process that I don't think these companies have. The DMCA, for all its warts, was a pretty decent solution. The DMCA safe harbor provisions, and the body of precedent that has been built up around it, has been crucial in allowing the growth of sites like Youtube. The problem now is foreign sites that host copyrighted material, which the DMCA doesn't help with much. This is not an imaginary problem. Over Thanksgiving, my mom was showing my aunt how to download movies from these sites. I'm not sure what the solution is, but "don't legislate the internet" won't be part of that solution. The world has laws, and the internet is just a way for real-world people to communicate. It will be subject to law. They can either be good laws protective of peoples' rights or they can be bad ones. If the technology community takes its marbles and goes home, it will be the latter. You don't even need to be an entrepreneur. A nurse/engineer couple could hit $200k in their 30's, and that income would allow a rate of saving that would lead to well over $1.2m in home equity and retirement accounts in their 50's or 60's. You've failed to consider tons of other applications. What about AI programs like Watson? Also, scientific computing isn't always of the "embarrassingly parallel" sort. The user of a search engine is probably willing to get the occasional poorly-ranked result. The user of an AI system is probably willing to get the occasional wrong answer, etc. +1 to the EFF taking donations. This is just how things get hashed out in a huge representative democracy. Let's make sure our side is well-funded. The EFF runs on under $4m/year. That's chump change. 10,000 people donating $30/month would double the EFF's revenues. That's the cost of taking your girl to the movies or buying an EA game on clearance, and unlike those things it doesn't go right into the pockets of terrible companies. I used to read the WSJ regularly, but stopped when their editors came out so obsequiously in favor of the bailout in 2008, after years of rejecting government intervention. Even this editorial is a farce. How often does the WSJ use the phrase "rights" in a positive way outside this context? This is a pretty empty rant. Nothing about SOPA/PIPA is the product of the government overstepping its Constitutional powers. Whatever else it might be, the internet is a medium of interstate commerce, squarely within Congress's power to regulate. Moreover, the regulation in question concerns a property right created by the Constitution itself. There are certain due process, etc, arguments you can make at the edges, but the fundamental idea of SOPA/PIPA are squarely Constitutional. The Constitution itself creates an exception to the 1st amendment through the Copyright Clause. When two clauses of the Constitution are in tension, the Court usually applies a balancing test. Here, the existence of the international treaty weighs in favor of upholding the law. That quote is a perfectly accurate statement of what the Constitution says. Copyright inherently restricts freedom of expression, to the extent that reproducing work is a form of expression. The Framers wrote both the Copyright Clause and the 1st Amendment into the Constitution and left the courts to balance the two clauses, which is exactly what happened here. What "promote the progress of science and useful arts" is such fuzzy language, deferring to the legislature's idea of what promotes that progress is as reasonable a decision as imposing the Court's own view. Of course adding a given public domain work back into copyright doesn't promote the creation of any specific work, but harmonizing American copyright law with European laws, generally, might arguably promote creation of works. The key phrase in the clause is that: [The Congress shall have Power]* to... [secure] for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries. *) Article I, Section 8. Like the other enumerated powers, the language of the Constitution gives Congress a lot of leeway in exercising that specific power. What's hilarious is that Dodd was painted as one of the "good guys" during the 2008 presidential campaign. Oh what a difference a few years makes. Stop buying BigContent. If they don't find Finding Nemo on your disk, there is nothing they can do. Which is hilarious, because so many Hollywood directors are pedophiles. While the current court might be right-leaning, it's issued a series of strong civil liberties decisions in the last few years that fit into their "original intent of the framers" model. This case (4th), the video game case (1st), and even Citizen United (1st). They can all be understood in terms of the inquiry: would the Framers have considered this unconstitutional? It's an important procedural protection. Just having a coordinate branch of the government somewhere in the process gives you a safeguard against egregious abuse. As a general point, the Bill of Rights isn't an enumeration of rights per se. You don't have the right not to be searched. The Bill of Rights are a limitation of the exercise of federal (and through the 14th amendment, state) power. So no, Facebook could send someone to install a GPS device on your car and it wouldn't violate your 4th amendment rights, since Facebook is not the government. It would, however, probably be a simple trespass for which they could be sued in state court. There are too many in the tech community that are susceptible to such bullshit reductionist viewpoints. You don't gain anything from ignoring the fundamental features of reality. There are two inescapable points: 1) We live in a highly interdependent society of 300m people. Such a society needs to be governed. Indeed, it needs a lot of government, like any amalgamation of people that are forced to interact with each other. The debate about "more versus less government" is only sensible in the margins. Its really more of a question of "good versus bad government." 2) The public needs to advise elected officials. Because of (1), elected officials have a huge range of issues to deal with. It is literally impossible for them to educate themselves about those issues. Lobbyists fill to role of educating officials. You're not going to be able to run a society that has, e.g., no regulated industries (see 1) or one where representatives of those industries do not weigh in on that regulation (see 2). Forget about such childish ideas. Stuff like "get rid of lobbying" is as useful in political debate as statements like "get rid of gravity" are in aerospace engineering. Yes, that would make certain things easier, but... Obama's promise was to limit lobbyist movement in the other direction (industry -> government). Not that he's done a great job of that, but let's paint his promises in an accurate light. One can imagine a distributed system of organization, akin to what is used in the internet, but that's still organization. I'm personally a fan of pushing more authority down to the courts, which are both distributed and local. However, at the end of the day it becomes a question of where particular authority exists rather than a question of a need for the existence of authority. We live in a highly interdependent society of 300m people. Highly specialized division of labor has given us a society where any person depends on probably 10,000 others for their basic needs, and modern technology has given us a society where nearly every human activity has the potential to harm large numbers of people. However you want to structure it, you need government to ensure the harmonious operation of such a society. Government is indeed an emergent phenomenon in human societies. As Google grew from a startup to a multi-national, it didn't have the conscious intention of growing a management layer for the sake of having more management. Yet, Google has a lot of management. Indeed, even in computers we see operating systems exploding in size and complexity as computers themselves become more functional and complex. Techies take it for granted that startups grow management as they mature, that operating systems get more complex, that schedulers and out-of-order execution structures eat up increasingly large amounts of die-space in CPU's, yet there is a large contingent that thinks that a government running the affairs of 300 million people could be dramatically (meaning 10x, not 25%). Techies don't bat an eye at an OS that takes up 20% of your memory right off the bat, but in the face of a federal civil service payroll that amounts to 1.5% of GDP, many complain loudly of "too much government." Now, there are good arguments to be made that we could trim here and there and maybe get an effective government half the size (though it should be noted our federal system by design doesn't lend itself to particular efficiency), but do you think a federal government with a million employees and $1.5 trillion in expenditures would be so qualitatively different from the one we have now? Of course not. Re: lobbyists, I didn't say anything about the majority of the public having useful things to say about policy. I said that 1) there are lots of policies that need to be made; and 2) there is no practical way for elected officials to make such policies without input from the affected parties (i.e. lobbyists). Let me give you a very specific example. Here in Chicago we have two very dirty coal power plants. They're the product of an elementary market failure (the power company that profits from their operation doesn't bear the staggering health costs of that operation). They're also the product of a basic democratic failure (the health costs are highly localized to poor communities, so in effect voters choose to get cheaper electricity at the expense of a poor minority). Shutting down those coal plants is almost certainly the right thing to do, even on a purely economic calculus. Now, a legislator could read up on economic externalities, demography, and public health, and come to that conclusion. Do you think a group of state legislators, who all work part time, are going to be able to do all that? Hell, all that theory would go completely over the heads of many HN-ers, much less most Illinois state legislators! Someone needs to collect the data, estimate the health consequences of the plants, estimate the economic consequences of shutting them down, put together a policy proposal, and tell a legislator in 5 minutes why it is a good idea. That someone is a lobbyist (whatever you choose to call them). > If an office had a policy of shredding old financial paperwork and that policy was faithfully followed on the day after, say, the COO was whisked away for embezzlement, would it count as evidence tampering? If it could be reasonably expected that the financial paperwork would be relevant to the ongoing litigation, yes, you're in trouble for destroying it. When companies are on notice of pending litigation, from that point forward they are required to take affirmative steps to preserve potentially relevant evidence. Failure to do so was one of the things that got the Enron folks in trouble. You're creating a dichotomy that doesn't exist. What actually happens is that there is an intent element to crimes associated with destroying evidence. So you might get in trouble for purposefully destroying evidence, or in some cases negligently destroying evidence (e.g. a company that didn't have a proper data-retention policy). You usually can't get in trouble for accidentally destroying evidence. Then, you testify as to your intent, and the jury gets to decide whether you're telling the truth, making inferences from your circumstances. People might believe you forgot the password to some drive you never use, but probably won't believe you forgot the password to the drive holding the bank codes for all the money you embezzled. Huge difference between Apple and Exxon, etc. 1) Big Oil is in an industry where demand is highly inelastic, while demand for consumer electronics is far more elastic. 2) Big Oil is the subject of huge direct and indirect subsidies. Apple benefits to some extent from the fact that they don't pay for some of the inherent costs of their profit-making activity (disposal of iPhones, etc). The energy industry generally, and the fossil fuels industry in particular, don't pay for a lot of the inherent costs of their activity. From an economic point of view, dollar of uncompensated environmental damage is as good as a dollar of direct subsidies. The BP settlement, at less than what BP would've had to pay in damages, was probably $10bn+ subsidy. I haven't seen statistics for the oil industry, but the indirect subsidies in the coal industry run to the $300-$500 billion/year range ( http://www.fastcompany.com/1727949/coal-use-costs-half-a-tri... ). I'd imagine oil is in the same ballpark. Billionaires don't exist without a state. Nobody toils for years in grad school and invests time and money in a new enterprise without the panoply of legal protections created by the state. Moreover, since the system of property rights enforced by the state is, like any other system of law, completely arbitrary, the specific people that get rich under a certain system owe their wealth to that arbitrary choice. So the phrase "artificially limited" is a deep distortion of the underlying situation. It's not a matter of more versus less limitation in the legal framework. The income would not exist without all of the limitations that exist on other people in that framework. Rather, we're simply talking about points in a design space: one arbitrary set of choices versus another arbitrary set of choices. > Assuming that the laws are uniformly applied (which may not be true), they are irrelevant to the differences between people's incomes. That's not true at all. The law has huge impacts on how things are distributed. You're making an assumptions premised on how our existing system of property law works. E.g. "If Person A invents hoverboards and everyone buys them, creating billions in economic value..." Our current system is, of course, completely arbitrary. Say Person A invents hoverboards, then Person W00001-W10000 engineer the production design, mine the raw materials, assembles them, packs them, transports them, and sells them. Say $4 billion in economic value is created as a result. Objectively, all we can say is that the $4 billion in economic value is the product of that combined activity. If nobody transported those products to the market, there would be $0 of economic value. Apportioning "credit" for the resulting economic value, and thus income from the proceeds, is a completely subjective process. It is no less subjective just because we do it indirectly, through a system of arbitrary property rules that leads to a particular allocation. Our system of property and contract law gives very strong protections to: 1) people who originate the last 5% of a valuable idea; 2) owners of capital. The "inventor" of the hoverboard almost certainly had 95% of the research already done for him, he just took the idea the last step forward. Assigning him 100% of the credit in the form of a patent is, of course, completely arbitrary. Moreover, in a capital-intensive business like manufacturing it won't be the inventor of the hoverboard that makes all the revenue from it, it will be the investor that supplied the production capital. Again, that's a completely arbitrary allocation. That is not to say that there are not utilitarian reasons to prefer a set of rules that yields one allocation rather than another. Maybe giving the patent monopoly to the 5% guy yields more overall productivity than giving it jointly to the top 5 researchers who did the other 95% of the work. Or maybe we just do it that way because its the easiest system to administer. Either way, we're mired in utilitarian arguments, and whether its "fair" to "restrict" someone is wholly irrelevant to the discussion. Feudal lords were the state. They created and enforced laws, in a form that is quite recognizable to us today: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magna_Carta (this is an 800 year old document created in feudal England). Our system of property law can be recognizably traced back to laws of feudal England more than a thousand years old. What you're thinking of is more along the lines of a warlord in a stateless place. Such a warlord would have a lot of relative wealth, but because such a society would produce very little wealth, would not be wealthy in absolute terms. People who have a billion dollars wealth of wealth, in absolute terms, only exist in this country because you have 300 million people working in a highly organized system of divided labor. Without a state you'd have a society of peasant farmers and hunter-gatherers that had a fraction of the population (how many hunter-gatherers can you support in a territory of a size a single warlord can reasonably defend?) and produced a minuscule fraction of the wealth. The state enables, in a very fundamental way, the social concert of action that creates the wealth that billionaires reap. Ruby has a lot of special cases (the Proc versus block dichotomy, implicit conversions, etc). Scheme has shockingly clean semantics in comparison. Implementing Lisp in a language without first class functions is quite easy. Closure conversion is a simple process: 1) Find every variable in the parent lambda that is both accessed in a child lambda and assigned-to outside the child lambda; demote those variables to heap-allocated cells and rewrite references to those variables to indirect through the cell. 2) Note every free variable in the child lambda, and rewrite all references to those variables to indirect through an environment vector passed in through a hidden argument. 3) Generate each lambda as a top-level function, and generate each lambda expression as the allocation of a callable object referencing the top-level function and a heap-allocated environment vector; at each allocation site, generate code to copy the free variables into the environment vector. This is literally the entire algorithm. It can be implemented in a couple of hundred lines of C. The National Defense Authroization Act basically keeps in existence and funds the US military every year. Not signing it would've been a poorly chosen battle. At the end of the day, not only do we have a divided system of power by design, Congress is the first among coequal powers in that design. Laying all the blame at the feet of the president for Congress enacting bad law makes no senss. I think some people love our system in theory but don't like it in practice. > If they cannot get it right for 7 million then they won't for the rest. That's a pretty bullshit example. Native American services are an entirely different planet within the government.* The lost billions of dollars in indian trust funds, etc. Pretty much every service for native Americans is monumentally dysfunctional, yet the equivalent services for non-Indians often work quite adequately. *) This state of affairs is the product of a lack of political will to do better (who cares about the poorest constituency in the country?) and certain Constitutional insulation from the rest of the government. This sort of hyper-simplistic modeling of real world problems is a pretty common trait among real academics, not just HN posters. In my own field of interest (spectrum management) the papers written by ostensibly reputable people are shockingly bad in their reductionist thinking and plain glossing-over of important caveats and assumptions in the applied theories. I mean, that's a self-reinforcing situation. The real world metaphor of flicking versus scrolling is quite obvious (you can move a paper on your desk, but flicking it will result in that paper not being there anymore). It creates bad incentive structures internally. Especially when you factor in the findings of behavioral psychology, which suggest that using pay as a performance incentive can actually decrease the quality of peoples' work. Law firms have an interesting model where everyone is paid in lock-step by seniority, and in practice it works extremely well. Employees uniformly hated the moves some firms made during the recession to get rid of lock-step compensation. I think it actually boils down to a degenerate case of Fog Creek's very uniform compensation scale (there are far fewer variables for in a law firm than a programming shop). > The notion that this growth is unsustainable is scare mongering. The notion is more predicated on the absence of science fiction technology. Aerospace technology plateaued decades ago. There was a rapid improvement from 1920 to 1970, and since then we aren't any closer to colonizing the solar system than we are today. You see this pattern all over the place (exponential growth followed by a plateau). Medical technology, for example, as impressive as it is is really only improving at the margins today. In the 40 years between 1970 and 2010, life expectancy at birth for whites has gone up around 5 years. In the 40 years before that, it went up 10 years. In the 40 years before that, it went up almost 20 years. > I don't think individual offices are good. People will spend more time away from their offices than in them, attempting to collaborate, then since it's a pain to go back in and out of their office, they'll end up just staying out of their office and socializing most of the time. It depends on how collaboration-intensive the job is. Having an office (ideally with a big, heavy door) is amazing. It's really the fight-or-flight situation. When I have the only possible entrance sufficiently barricaded, I can let myself go into a much deeper productivity zone than if there is the possibility of people intruding on my space. > I don't doubt that Apple has vastly greater profits than any of its competitors, but stats like this are cooked to make the ratio seem even more impressive than it already is. The chart isn't misleading--it shows what it purports to show: the share of total profits in the cell phone market. The chart suggests that Apple has managed to capture a big %-age of the total profits in the market by targeting a high-margin niche, which is in itself a useful observation. The chart would be misleading if it were, say, comparing profit per phone (which would for no reason make companies that sold a lot of cheap phones look worse than companies that sold fewer expensive phones) but that's not what this chart is doing. What might media sales be? Another $20 billion? Let's say $40 billion. That's $70 billion + $16 billion = $85 billion, or less than Apple by itself. That puts the entire music + movie industry somewhere around the same revenue as Kroger (the grocery store): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kroger . Does Kroger have anywhere near the political clout of the music+movie industry? > A multinational can change its base of incorporation, and many people can and will change their citizenship over a million bucks, let alone a billion. I see this argument, but it is completely non-sensical. Someone who just cashed in to the tune of $5 billion is going to leave the US to avoid paying $2 billion in tax? To where? Europe, with its super low tax rates? The developing world? Every place worth living has higher tax rates than the U.S. That's kind of like saying we should rewrite the Windows codebase because it has all sorts of patches, hacks, etc. Do you have any evidence on how much those things are actually costing us? I don't (I'm not the one making dramatic claims), but my hunch is that most of the real revenue losses in our tax system are from some broad failings, not little loopholes. Our ridiculously low capital gains rate, for example. To the point of the article, there is actually a deep-running theoretical difference between various realization schemes. This isn't just "trying to tax Zuckerberg" but rather figuring out how to properly compute "income = net accession in wealth." The theoretical amount subject to tax is: Gain = Net income + Delta(value of property). Theoretically, you could compute the latter term at any interval you like (every year, etc). As a general policy we compute the term at sale of property because it's the easiest time to do so (the valuation is fixed precisely by a market transaction). But for something like a publicly traded stock, that rationale carries much less weight. And the counter-veiling concern of ensuring that the amount does get fairly taxed (instead of being held on-to indefinitely) probably outweighs that rationale in this case. > This article has a fundamental flaw. It starts with the premise that some outrageous tax revenue level is necessary, and from that premise tries to analyze the fairness of the existing tax code. It's really not. The proposal in the article has a strong theoretical basis. Read the chapter on realization in this book: http://www.amazon.com/Chirelsteins-Taxation-Concepts-Insight... . > Honest question: Can someone convince me that it's not immoral to vote for a tax? Please don't down-vote me for asking a question, because I am honestly trying to understand. If you disagree, help persuade me. Taxation is only "immoral" if you believe in radical individualistic libertarianism. That is not the only tenable view of the world (and I'd argue it's not even a tenable view of the world). Alternatively: 1) Human beings are inherently social, communal creatures. 2) Division of labor requires social organization. 3) Without division of labor, you can't create wealth. 4) Government is created by groups of humans to implement social organization and facilitate division of labor. 5) Fine-grained division of labor yields a huge surplus (i.e. the total production of society using socially-organized division of labor is far higher than the aggregate production of a group of unorganized individuals). 6) The proceeds of that surplus, which exist but-for the institution of social organization, don't morally have to be distributed in any specific way. 7) The rules underlying the social organization are there for utilitarian reasons, and taxation is just another rule that should be justified on utilitarian reasons. There are no God-given rights. "Rights" and "property" make no sense at all without society imposing, by the threat of force, certain rules on certain people for the greater good. "Theft" is different from "taxation" because the former is not sanctioned by society, for utilitarian reasons, while the latter is sanctioned, again for utilitarian reasons. Zuckerberg and Elison wouldn't be rich but for the existence of government. They'd be at the bottom of the pecking order, physically weak nerds that would be enslaved or killed by the physically strong. Indeed, "billionaires" on their scale would not exist without government--a society without an effective government can't create that kind of wealth! When society institutes a set of rules to create a net benefit from the combined productivity of a large number of people, why is it "immoral" for society to then decide how those proceeds are distributed? Taxing appreciation in the value of stock isn't double-taxation. It's like taxing the appreciation in the value of your house. Taxing dividends can be double taxation, but isn't necessarily. I said every place worth living. > One somewhat surprising thing I learned (from Ron Paul) is that the income tax didn't even exist until the 20th century. Before the 20th century, the majority of Americans lived in rural areas working on small farms. Industrialization dramatically increased the level of division of labor in the society, and of course as you increase the degree of social inter-dependence, it's no surprise that your organization overhead increases, super-linearly. If we were talking about any system other than the political system, the proposition that bigger, more complicated systems have exponentially-increasing amounts of organizational overhead would be completely uncontroversial. It's a phenomenon that us engineers see in systems constantly. Yet, when we see it in the political system, we assume something is wrong. When I work on a small farm, and you work on a small farm, we don't need an EPA. When we live in a city and your factory dumps poisons into our shared river and makes my kids sick, we do. When we work on small farms, we don't need an SEC. When we work in the city and our savings consist of securities rather than silos full of grain, we do. When we make all our own clothes we don't need a Consumer Products Safety Commission, when we grow our own food we don't need an FDA, when we work for ourselves on our own farms we don't need an NLRB or an EEOC. When we ride horses to work we don't need an FAA. When we don't depend critically on Middle Eastern oil we don't need a very big Army. When people die naturally of old age at 45 we don't need Social Security. When small, stable, farming communities take care of their poor we don't need Medicaid. Yes! It's so amazing that engineers understand all about scale when it comes to databases but so many completely fail to appreciate issues of scale when it comes to political systems. Yes, the tax is ultimately the same, modulo the time value of money. However, the idea of the realization requirement is that it's not reasonable to tax someone on a gain in the value of property when they don't have liquid assets to pay the tax, or when they haven't realized benefits from that appreciation. Taking a loan against those assets cuts against that, though. And the time value of money does make a difference. Say your stock appreciates $10 this year and stops appreciating. You will ultimately pay taxes on that $10 when you sell it, but if you can borrow against that money now, you can enjoy current benefits from that money while delaying the tax to years in the future when it is worth a lot less. > Maybe I am misreading what you are saying, but I didn't say taxation was immoral. I said it's immoral for me to vote to impose a tax on someone else. The distinctions you're making only make sense in the context of radical individual libertarianism. "We" are imposing a tax on "our" members as a condition for belonging to "our" community. If I vote for a millionaire tax, and strike it rich tomorrow, I'm subject to the tax too. > If everyone in a society agreed to something, then fine, you are not forcing someone to do something. But if not, then it's not "sanctioned by society", but rather sanctioned by a subset of society. Again, that's a pointless distinction. Society inherently operates through collective action, and collective action is inherently majoritarian. Organized society only exists because the majority forces the physically strong to respect arbitrary concepts like "property rights" and the "right to life." Society does this for the greater good, but make no mistake that there are a lot of people who are worse-off under this system (Zuckerberg isn't one of them--think the big burly moving guy who occupies a very different place in our society than he would in the state of nature). > The US Constitution was written to protect the minority from the tyranny of the majority. No, it was not. The Constitution put in some safeguards to protect individuals from the majority, but most of those protections aren't even in the main text but rather in the Amendments. Article I of the Constitution is an elaborate exercise in defining the metes and bounds of majoritarian rule through a Congress elected directly or indirectly by the majority. Most of the founders were not radical individualistic libertarians, but rather people who believed strongly in the rule of law and the institution of government (the Constitution was a reaction to the Articles of Confederation which was deemed too weak of a government!). It was framed by people who regularly invoked the language of the collective (the first words are "We the People"), and were from a legal tradition where absolute sovereignty was vested in the government. You can leave the community with the property you entered with: your own body. Why should you be allowed to leave the community with the property you acquired in and under the protection of the community, without following the community's rules? Zuckerberg can leave the U.S. every bit of property that is truly "his", that he didn't earn but-for the highly-organized society that created the wealth that is his "property." Look at animal society for an idea of what "rights" are natural. Now, that does not mean that different sets of rules aren't more or less useful than others. But that doesn't make them any less arbitrary. You can pick parameters that optimize the lift of a wing, but that doesn't make those parameters "natural" or "god-given." Whatever "truth" exists in those parameters is defined entirely by the desired outcome. "Right to life" and "right to property" are socially useful fictions, encoding rules that optimize in some way desired social outcomes. They are useful only to the extent that they further those outcomes. The metes and bounds of those rights are defined socially. We might argue, internally, that some configuration of those rights would lead to outcomes that we as a society think are desirable, or that some configuration is incompatible with other configurations, but whether they are morally "right" or "wrong" is a socially constructed fact. > Isn't that exactly what would happen if you wrote an interpreter in any language with a tracing VM (ie. LuaJIT)? No. Say you have an interpreter loop written as a switch: while(has_bytecodes) { bc = next_bytecode() switch(bc) { case OP_ADD: ... } } (Assume for the sake of argument you've got a Lua version and a Python version of the above). In both cases, the loop gets compiled to bytecodes. Before the JIT, you've got two levels of interpretation (call them L0 and L1). The first level of interpretation executes the second level of interpretation, written in Lua or Python bytecode, which interprets your custom bytecode. When LuaJIT JIT's the process, it will generate native code to replace L0 and directly implement L1. The end result is the same as if you had written your interpreter in C and directly compiled it to native code. When PyPy JIT's the process, it will use your hints to collapse both levels of interpretation. It will replace both L0 and L1 with native code that implements the bytecode being interpreted. jit_merge_point isn't an optimization. It tells the PyPy JIT how to separate the parts of the trace that are part of your interpreter loop and the parts of the trace that are implementation of each bytecode. > I don't think that follows; in the LuaJIT case wouldn't traces of the interpreter span the execution of several (custom) byte-code instructions? Guards would be inserted that effectively ensure that the next byte-code instruction is as expected; the net result would be a trace that indeed corresponds to a region of the interpreted program. No, it wouldn't do that. If the tracer worked like that, a simple loop from 0...10,000 would generate a huge trace. A trace doesn't (normally) unroll an inner loop like that. Instead it flattens all the function calls and linearizes all the control flow for a single iteration of the loop. What happens depends on the interpreter, but the basic gist of the algorithm is: 1) Every time you do a backwards jump, you increment a hotness counter associated with the target of the jump. 2) If a target becomes hot, it's considered a loop header and tracing starts from the header. 3) You keep accumulating the trace until you jump back to the original target; if the trace gets too long before that happens, you abort. 4) You compile the trace to native code, inserting guards to ensure that branches go in the same direction as expected. 5) In the native code, if a guard fails, you can either extend the trace (if you're doing something like trace trees) or abort and fall back to the interpreter. In the interpreter loop example, the top of the loop will be marked as the loop head. It will start tracing, following the switch down to whatever bytecode happened to appear that time. The bytecode body would be added to the trace, and the interpreter loop would jump back to the loop head. At that point tracing would stop. Native code would be generated that implemented a loop with that one bytecode. When it was executed the guard would fail on other bytecodes, and would be extended (if using trace trees) or the JIT would give up on that loop. In the former case, you'd end up with a native-code version of the interpreter loop. Possibly--because of the deep branching inside the loop, the JIT would most likely just bail on the loop rather than try to come up with a trace for it. It wouldn't get to the top of hacker news, because: 1) Nobody does that; 2) It's not the tip of a bigger iceberg. Better equivalents: A) John being introduced at a PTA meeting in a way that draws attention to stereotypes of males as inept and uninvolved in child rearing. B) Jamal being introduced at a business meeting in a way that awkwardly draws attention to his white girlfriend. C) Amir being introduced at a social gathering in a way that draws attention to terrorist Middle Easterners. At best this is a weird social faux-pas. BDW GC is a tracing collector. It doesn't need to have any special handle of cycles--either a cycle is reachable from the root set, in which case it is marked and considered alive, or it is not, and is never even seen by the collector before being reclaimed. No, you have to verify that your libraries don't keep disguised pointers to objects you allocated via the GC, that you don't yourself keep pointers to. It's quite unusual in C to give a reference to an object to another piece of code then drop all the pointers to it that you hold, because the usual discipline is that the module that allocates an object frees it. > The actual measurements of Wall Street productivity are that hedge fund managers, etc. add zero value at all; There is of course a distinction between revenue and wealth. The folks at investment banks surely were bringing in a lot of revenue, on a consistent basis, over the last few decades. The traditional investment banking functions in M&A brought in consistent fees regardless of how well the new company ultimately did. Traders also brought in a lot of revenue without creating any wealth (trading is not quite zero sum, but the value-add case is much weaker than for traditional banking functions), by transferring wealth from people on the losing sides of bets. As someone notes in the article, the explosion of public (401k, pension) money in the system meant there were a lot of less-sophisticated people willing to take the other side on these bets. Manhattan is very expensive, but the parking example is a bad one. Manhattan is a different point in the design space of cities than say Houston. You don't have a car on Manhattan, because the city is configured so you don't need one. There are lots of people who make $1m/year in Manhattan that take the subway, bus, or commuter rail to work (or walk!). Food is also, on the whole, cheaper than in many large cities. You pay somewhat more for groceries, but can often get away paying a lot less for eating lunch/dinner out, because of the prevalence of cheap ethnic food options. Housing of course blows all of those advantages away in terms of its impact on your budget. Server-side window decorations make smooth (buffered with no tearing) resize behavior much more difficult than it has to be. I spent a decent chunk of time years ago trying to get better resize behavior in Qt/Kwin, and the necessary synchronization between the window manager and the app makes it a PITA. Launchpad is great and the scrolling behavior makes total sense. We also got fullscreen mode, which is the first multiple desktop like thing I've ever gotten used to using (even after years of using Linux, where I could never make use of virtual desktops because I couldn't remember what windows had gone where). The iPad-inspired improvements in Lion were probably the biggest jump in my desktop productivity since I got a Mac to begin with (around 10.4). At the end of the day, the Mac is still the developer platform for iOS Apple has been really good to Mac developers, and I don't see them stopping anytime soon (it is totally against their interest in having a great apps ecosystem on iOS). Lion is great. Swiping between full-screen desktops is a huge productivity boost. Touchpad gestures instead of hotkeys to bring up Expose is awesome. Yes it's iOS-ified, but it takes the good things from iOS that fit naturally with the touchpad. At the same time, the UNIX guts of OS X keep getting better. Grand Central is an awesome API that you can use from C. 64-bit support is almost seamless. You can swipe just fine between full-screen terminal windows. Xcode keeps getting less shitty, LLVM and LLDB keep getting better. Objective-C keeps seeing feature and performance improvements. The API's keep being improved. People are afraid that the gains for iOS means losses for OS X, but all I've seen so far are gains for OS X, largely focused on revamping the UI to take full advantage of the multi-touch capabilities of modern Mac hardware. I got about halfway through the thing before I gave up trying to find such an example and decided to read through the comments for insight. > Or if they are providing value, why don't they make money? This question is nonsensical in the context of economic theory. > I would prioritize existing lives over the yet to be born. From an evolutionary point of view that makes very little sense. I think one of the things he mentions, people not living with their elderly parents, is responsible for a lot of our bizarre attitudes towards old age and death. How much of the "just a couple of more years" attitude is to help assuage the guilt of ignoring the person for the last 10-20 years of their lives? What in the world are you talking about? What stupid distractions have been added in Lion? What have they locked down? In a big market (NY, Chicago, DC) at a firm working for corporate clients, you're looking at ~$170k/2700 hours. For a more senior person (5-7 years in), you're looking at ~$280k/3000 hours. You can almost certainly make more on a per-hour basis as a contractor in the software sector, but lawyers are risk averse and prefer a stable flow of work and decent health insurance. :D See also his article on the FCC, in which he applied an early version of Coase's Theorem: http://old.ccer.edu.cn/download/7874-1.pdf Unfortunately, contemporary economists have failed dramatically to appreciate the subtly of Coase's work. Coase is famous for his work in showing that in the absence of transaction costs, and assuming an efficient market for a good, the market would equilibrate in a way where the good was allocated to its highest-value uses, regardless of the initial distribution of the good. The theorem is very often used to justify deregulation and privatization in various areas, and modern economists almost uniformly give short-shrift to the assumptions underlying the theory. From the above-cited paper: "The fact that actions might have harmful effects on others has been shown to be no obstacle to the introduction of property rights. But it was possible to reach this unequivocal result because the conflicts of interest were between individuals. When large numbers of people are involved, the argument for the institution of property rights is weakened and that for general regulations becomes stronger." (Ronald Coase, the Federal Communications Commission at 29).