While it would be nice to have a fully open-source software stack on a phone, the EFF is campaigning for much more basic freedoms for American cell phone users. In most places in the world, it's possible and very commonplace to buy a mobile phone separately from the network operator. The operator's only physical product is the SIM card, and consumers understand this. Even if you purchase a phone that's subsidised by the operator (which typically means making a fixed-rate contract for 24 months, so you end up repaying for the phone in full and you can't switch to another company with better rates), the operator has no control over the applications you install on the phone. In the US, the operators apparently sell almost all phones through their own channels, which gives these companies the unusual power of being able to dictate the software that goes on the devices. Thus they can introduce locks and limitations into the software, and thanks to the DMCA, removing those limitations can be illegal. I'm not American (and thus my understanding of the situation may be limited), but to me this seems to be a case where bad legislation has given a cartel of corporations excessive power over consumers. (It's somehow perverse that gigantic former European telemonopolies like Deutsche Telekom and France Telecom are more open and competitive than their American equivalents, even though the former were essentially state-owned bureaucracies until the 1990s.) Hopefully the DMCA exemption will persist, at least. As an alternative to OpenMoko, Nokia's Maemo ( http://www.maemo.org ) is also a fairly standard Linux platform based on GTK+ and Hildon. Nokia also owns Qt nowadays, so it will be integrated in Maemo eventually. I rather like Maemo. The first versions that shipped on the N770 and N800 tablets were shaky, but they've made a lot of progress -- IMO it's finally delivering on the promise of a user-friendly Internet-oriented pocketable UI on top of Linux. Graphics performance has been a weak point of the platform, which is a shame considering that the displays on the Nokia tablets have been very good. But the upcoming version 5 of Maemo will finally enable 3D graphics acceleration on TI's OMAP3 platform (same CPU+GPU platform as used in the Palm Pre). Maemo 5 includes the Clutter API for building accelerated UIs. (Maemo 5 will also include 3G mobile phone connectivity support, so it will effectively become a phone OS... I wouldn't have bothered to bring it up in this context otherwise :)) > Right now, all I can imagine is that if something like that happens then we would find people selling apps like how vegetables and clothes are sold now. Free-form retailership (anyone can sell apps). You could be competing with your friend if both you and your friend have your app stores. Funny -- this is exactly how Java mobile phone games have been sold in my country (and presumably most of Europe) since about 2003. Purchases are initiated by SMS and delivered as over-the-air downloads, so starting up a "mobile game store" is as easy as getting an SMS short number and hooking up the content delivery system. Most of these companies also sell other mobile content as well -- ringtones, background images, clip art for picture messaging, and so on. At least a couple of years ago, they were doing pretty good business, and the content stores were running lots of ads in both traditional and online media. (The newspaper ads were basically filled to the brim with little previews of the "hottest" graphics, games and songs available; each content item had a code for ordering by SMS.) I don't see those ads as much anymore though, so maybe the novelty of mobile phone content downloads has dried up... Or maybe they're now advertising more directly to the teenagers who actually buy this stuff. Still, I definitely prefer this kind of fully open distribution to the "walled garden" approach of on-device app stores that seems to be all the rage in America now. (Why should the hardware vendor become the dictator of content distribution? I don't see the benefits.) Sorry for asking such a newbie question, but for my education I'd like to know: why was my comment downmodded? Is it considered off-topic? Before SmartSuite (and also before MS Office), there was Lotus Symphony in the latter half of the 1980s. It was a DOS-based integrated office program that tried to capitalize on the popularity of Lotus 1-2-3 but never reached its level of success. The article suggests that Microsoft should spend 1-2 billion USD to buy Palm because the Pre is an innovative gadget. The unanswered question is: would it be worth that much to Microsoft to acquire a mobile phone company that has completely lost its relevance and marketshare outside North America, and has little to do with Microsoft's business-oriented Windows Mobile strategy? Palm under Microsoft would become the "Zune phone" -- a vertical integration experiment detached from the goals of the rest of the company. But didn't Microsoft already buy Danger (maker of Sidekick/HipTop/whatever) not long ago? It's possible Danger is already working on something along those lines, but with more Windows integration than Palm's web-oriented Linux+WebKit device provides. Where would Palm fit in? Apple inherited Obj-C in late 1996 when they decided on NextStep as the replacement for the aging Mac OS. (That purchase also brought in Steve Jobs as an "adviser" to CEO Gil Amelio... Six months later, Amelio and the executives that had made the Next decision were out and Jobs was running the show.) At first Obj-C's future at Apple seemed far from certain. First there was a proposal to make the syntax more like C++, and later there was a strong push to switch to Java as the main language for the Cocoa API. Next's flagship product WebObjects (a Cocoa-based Web app server and framework) was rewritten in Java by the year 2000. Mac OS X still hadn't shipped, but Obj-C was not getting a place in the limelight as most of the new APIs were plain C (CoreFoundation, CoreAudio, new Carbon) to accomodate both old Mac developers and cross-platform developers. Apple's Obj-C faith was gradually restored during this decade. The touted Cocoa-Java bridge did work, but there was a fairly fundamental "impedance mismatch" between Cocoa's API design and Java's static nature. Cocoa-Java was deprecated in Mac OS X 10.4, leaving Obj-C as the only native development language for Cocoa. Carbon on the other hand kept growing up to 10.5, and it gained a lot of features that were effectively plain-C wrapped C++ implementations of Cocoa features (HIViews, NIB support). Clearly the notion of having to maintain these parallel APIs for GUI development didn't please decision makers at Apple, as 64-bit Carbon was pulled at the last minute from OS X 10.5, thus leaving Obj-C and Cocoa as the only game in Mac town for 64-bit GUI applications (which of course sent a clear signal that building new applications on Carbon isn't a good idea regardless of whether you need 64-bit support right now). So why did Obj-C win? At least one thing that makes it a good fit for publishing OS-level APIs is that it's inherently late-bound and duck-typed. A Cocoa program can thus easily make use of new API features without having to explicitly link against the new version of the framework. (This is particularly important because Apple doesn't update their frameworks separately from the OS, unlike Microsoft with .NET.) For example, if Mac OS X 10.3 added a -foo:bar: method to NSWindow, an application could easily check for the availability of this particular method while still maintaining compatibility with older operating systems, like this: if ([window respondsToSelector:@selector(foo:bar:)]) { // do fancy 10.3 specific effects here } This is good news. Theora (the open-source video codec whose development Mozilla is supporting with this grant) is mature and there is an irrevocable license to free use of the original patents covering the compression technology, so there's at least a good chance that it truly is "patent-free". The downside of Theora is that its compression quality is a generation behind H.264 or the latest Windows Media codecs. But web users in general are not sticklers about video compression artifacts: YouTube was for a long time limited to 320*240 video compressed with Sorenson Spark (a H.263 variant of worse quality than Theora), and that didn't hinder its success. If wide support by next-generation browsers makes it possible to start delivering compelling content in Theora, it has a chance. It seems to be mostly about patents. The H.264 patent pool contains hundreds of patents owned by 23 organizations. Many of them appear generic enough that any new codec would run a serious risk of infringing them. For example, one of H.264's major improvements over previous codecs is the use of arithmetic coding, and there's a patent in the pool concerning a "method and apparatus for binarization and arithmetic coding of a data value". (Here's an interesting mini white paper about the codec patent situation: http://www.vcodex.com/videocodingpatents.html ) Worse, there's the possibility of submarine patents that are not included in the H.264 pool. Qualcomm has already attempted to sue Broadcom for making H.264-compliant products that allegedly infringed Qualcomm patents (which Qualcomm had not disclosed when H.264 was being developed). They lost the case, but the US Court of Appeals specifically limited the scope of those patents' unenforceability only to products which are covered by a H.264 license. That means Qualcomm is still free to sue for any independently developed non-H.264 codecs that might be similar enough. 20 years seems like a long commitment to any particular technology. In 1989, token ring (a LAN technology backed by IBM) was a viable alternative to Ethernet. If a particularly info-highway-smitten municipality had made a 20-year deal with IBM to have token ring networking installed in all new buildings, they would have been kicking themselves for the past 15 years... Looking around on Edward Tufte's site, I was a bit surprised to find pixel fonts with hideous kerning on his front page: http://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/index (I'm talking about the captions on the smaller images below the motion blur dog; they basically read as "16 new pr ints by ed ward t ufte", etc.) I'm not suggesting Tufte is a bad designer for having a couple of ugly captions, or anything like that (presumably he has someone else doing the actual Photoshop work for stuff like this). Rather my point is simply that when the expectations are very high -- he has a NYT quote on that same page calling him "the Leonardo da Vinci of data" -- this kind of tiny detail leaps out because poor typography is an example of how design mistakes can make it more difficult to convey information. It's nice to see Haiku making such good progress -- I feel that the existence of a user-friendly open source OS that's not a UNIX or Windows derivative is a good thing in itself, if only because it may be keeping alive some ideas that don't fit in the legacy-oriented Linux mold. Maybe Haiku could become a nice netbook OS? Its single-user media focus certainly fits the bill. (Although Internet appliance computers were Be, Inc.'s swan song marketing attempt as well, so maybe they don't want to reopen that wound...) I do think that Haiku needs some kind of forward-looking showcase project with a bit of gloss. Right now the superficial impression is that they've mostly catched up to a decade-old commercial project. Consider these screenshots of the first and latest release of this system... BeOS Developer Release 4, from 1994: http://osnews.com/img/20869/screen2.gif Haiku, from 2009: http://osnews.com/img/20951/1.png (I prefer the 1994 version actually -- those tight pixel fonts and prominent grids of awesome 45°/30° icons must have something to do with it... The old light-grey look actually looks fairly contemporary alongside the Leopard and Windows 7 aesthetic.) Instead of Steve Jobs, Apple would have acquired Jean-Louis Gassée... But he probably wouldn't have been in a position to take over the CEO job, not to mention being able to replace many of the important executives with those from the acquired company. More fundamentally: Gassée probably wouldn't have been able to reinvent Apple's engineering values and sprawling product lineup the way Jobs did, simply because he had been so heavily involved in the first place in what Apple had become since Jobs's departure. (AFAIK, Gassée was in charge of the infamous Macintosh Portable project: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macintosh_Portable ... So it's clear that he doesn't have Jobs's nearly infallible design taste for compact computers and lustworthy gadgets :)) Cocotron -- http://cocotron.org -- is a project that goes a fair way in that direction, although through source compatibility rather than binary compability. It's two things: 1) An MIT-licensed reimplementation of Cocoa (Foundation + AppKit + some CoreFoundation plain-C APIs) 2) A cross-compiler GCC toolchain that produces native Win32 binaries and installs into Xcode. (There is also some degree of Linux support.) The benefit of this combination is that you can basically add a Windows target to an existing Cocoa project in Xcode and have it produce an .exe file... At least if all the methods used by your application happen to be implemented in Cocotron. There's still quite a bit of the Cocoa API missing, but the amount of work already done is impressive -- and one of the really great things about Cocotron is that it feels so easy to contribute to the base frameworks. The Foundation and AppKit projects are clean of cruft, neatly laid out, and they are built as Xcode projects so there's no toolchain learning curve: if your favorite esoteric NSString method is missing, you can simply open Foundation.xcodeproj and implement it. For me, Cocotron is cross-platform Objective-C that "just works". YMMV. It seems like the analog clock widget is the perennial "Hello World" of slightly more advanced GUI applications. Anyone can implement it (no spec required), it's somewhat fun to write, and it works as a test for some of the more essential APIs in a GUI operating system such as vector graphics and timer events. I think there's also a psychological aspect involved. The analog clock may be popular precisely because it's inefficient in the ways you described. Including it in a computer operating system may be an attempt to communicate that the system's designers want to respect traditional GUI values like user-centric design and real-world metaphors; that it's the kind of system where they don't mind spending CPU cycles on an inefficient information element as long as it breaks the monotony of text-based interfaces and offers a small tinge of familiarity. (The analog clock is something that you wouldn't find on a 1984 IBM system.) Such a system would be particularly valuable for the European Union. The EU has over 20 official languages, and all legislation approved by the EU needs to be translated into all of the languages. (The situation is further complicated by several categories of laws: EU regulations are practically equal to federal laws, whereas EU directives are "law blueprints" that must be translated into national law, thus giving member states some leeway on how to implement them.) I don't know exactly how EU lawmaking works (nor do I really want to know too much about what goes on in that monstrous Brussels/Strasbourg sausage factory), but I'd presume that the law drafts are most commonly worked out in English and French. A final document is then produced in either of these dominant languages, but it's written in a specific form to make it easier to translate into 20+ languages without catastrophic signal loss. Your system could replace that subset of English or French... And it might actually be fairly easily accepted by EU officials because it would offer a scientific, seemingly objective solution to the perennial problem of what language the EU itself speaks (currently the situation is rather close to "all EU languages are equal, but some are more equal than others"). "I am confused about how foreign banks got stung, what with all their superior regulation and all." Foreign banks had subsidiaries in the US or UK which could participate in unregulated derivatives trading. Isn't that what happened in the famous 1995 collapse of Barings Bank as well? Enormous losses from speculative trading were made in the Singapore market by the local branch of Barings, which led to the insolvency of the entire UK-based bank. IBM has the POWER lineage of RISC CPUs for servers, which has consistently beaten Sparc in benchmarks for at least the past eight years or so. POWER also has the advantage of having a shared ISA (and thus shared R&D) with IBM's PowerPC-based mainstream products, e.g. the CPUs used in Xbox 360 and Playstation 3. Thus I think that Sparc will be among the first casualties if this merger goes through. Thanks a lot for the helpful comments! I removed some unnecessary sentences from the frontpage, but I guess it really needs a thoughtful rewrite to become easier to read. English isn't my first language, so I always feel like my English writing ends up contrived and doesn't quite grasp the natural flow of the language... The idea of using primarily images on the front page sounds really good, I'll ask the graphic designer to think about it (but it naturally depends on how soon she wants to spend her free time on this project again). Of course, if any of you native speakers feel like coming up with some better copy for this software, I'd be absolutely relieved to take your help :) "The competition for this application would seem to be the iPhone." One is a device and an operating system, the other is a free application. The two are by definition complementary rather than mutually exclusive, so where is the competition? Your comment seems to be based on a defensive kind of thinking where everything comes down to iPhone vs. the world -- "either you're with us or you're against us". In this case I feel that it's entirely unjustified, and overall I believe the iPhone community might benefit from a more open attitude towards coexistence and collaboration with others in the mobile space. Everyone who doesn't support your preferred platform to the exclusion of others is not automatically an enemy to your goals. The license situation with this game is interesting. Carmack based this new port on an updated "Redux" version of his original codebase which is under GPL, so the resulting iPhone game is under GPL as well. But the iPhone user cannot benefit from the free license: although the source is available, it's not possible to install a freshly compiled version of the game on the device. I suppose that someone could submit a free version of the app to the App Store, but Apple would probably reject it as a duplicate. (I'm not sure if Wolf3D includes artwork or other external assets that are not GPL'd. If so, then a free version would have to provide replacements for those assets, which would essentially make it a different game.) Here's a question which I would love to have answered: does the "anti-tivoization clause" in version 3 of the GPL prevent the distribution of a GPLv3 application on an iPhone-style closed platform? Or is "tivoization" strictly limited to code that's shipped with hardware? It's great to see that these guys are still alive and kicking. The founders of Bitboys have come a long way: they got started with graphics programming some 20 years ago, creating demos for MS-DOS and sharing them with other demomakers. (The Internet wasn't generally available in those early years of the European demoscene, so demos were exchanged through BBSs and by swapping floppies through postal mail.) One of their most famous creations was Second Reality: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8G_aUxbbqWU -- it may look plain today, but remember that this was made in 1993 and ran on a 386 with plain VGA... Nice -- I sent Brand New this tip about Symbian's redesign, and in return they linked to my startup from the tip credit. (I make video effects software that can be of interest to a design blog's readership, so the exposure is welcome.) Indeed. There's no shortage of success stories in mobile development before Apple or Google came along, but they mostly took place a long way from Silicon Valley. In 2004, I was working as a graphics artist for a Finnish startup that was in the business of making Java games for phones. The company had started with three founders two years earlier, and when I got there, they employed over 30 people and kept growing. They had struck deals with operators across Europe, and game sales were taking off in a serious way. (Ordinary people were buying millions of units of over-the-air distributed Java software for phones already in 2004 -- but I guess those that were successful in this market were not terribly interested in attracting competitors by making a lot of noise about it.) The games were good enough that everybody could be proud of the work. On the best phones, the graphics and sound quality was on the level of Amiga or 386+VGA PCs. But more importantly, the games scaled down graciously to the most primitive color-screen phones with resolutions circa 128*80 pixels: thanks to a well-thought out set of APIs, an asset workflow designed for scalability and an extensive database of device capabilities, games could be easily built for dozens of devices. I ended up leaving that job fairly quickly because I figured out I'd rather be pushing around millions of pixels on the GPU with code, rather than pushing around individual pixels in Photoshop manually. But I know the company was acquired by a large American corporation not long after, and I think the founders ended up very well rewarded for having created that rare combination of technical competence (the APIs and development process), marketing (the relationships with international operators) and artistic integrity (the games looked good and played well). For a UI toolkit, they don't seem to parade all that many screenshots (or maybe I didn't find the right page). All the examples shown are from audio software with pixel-precise design. Fancy gradients, photorealistic knobs and tiny text labels are certainly the right choice for this type of applications (it's actually pretty interesting how certain software niches have instantly recognizable signature looks which all the vendors within that space share as if bound by an unspoken agreement). But I'd also like to know whether Nui can handle flexible layouts, long text paragraphs, user font preferences, accessibility concerns, tabbing between controls, etc. In a way, Nui seems like an "anti-GTK+", in the sense that GTK+ tends to look very plain and can be difficult to customise for pixel-perfect layouts, but does fairly comprehensively handle all the boring usability and layout automatisation stuff. What you're looking at is the "Classic" UI theme. Windows has supported themes since XP (released in 2001), and as of Vista there is also an optional desktop compositor that uses GPU texturing and shaders for transparency and blur effects. But this is a preview of Exchange Server 2010. Why exactly would you want GPU compositing or gradient buttons on a server? IIRC, Photoshop has defaulted to saving as TIFF since version 7.0 (introduced over seven years ago). I guess they realized long ago that PSD had become an unmaintainable mess. TIFF was designed to be extensible with custom data chunks and it predates PSD, so it probably would have been the best choice all along. I'd guess Adobe decided against it for "NIH" reasons: TIFF was originally created by Aldus, a competitor in the desktop publishing market... But Adobe ended up acquiring Aldus in the mid-'90s so that reason vanished, leaving PSD and the billions of images saved in that format as a depressing monument of obsolete corporate politics. (Of course the harm done is very limited, since those affected by PSD's problems are just developers -- users don't care as long as their files are saved and opened reliably and quickly.) I think that many of these inane inconsistencies in Win32 stem from the desire to sneak in "just a bit more features" while officially maintaining full compatibility with Win16. In the book Showstopper! , which documents the creation of Windows NT (a rather fascinating read), there's a revealing passage about how Microsoft got this Windows backwards compatibility religion. Windows had been intended to be a transitional DOS-based system on the way to OS/2, but then Windows 3.0 became an enormous success almost overnight, and Microsoft decided to break up with IBM over OS/2 development. NT had been intended to have "multiple personalities" in the form of multiple user-level APIs, with OS/2 as the primary one. The breakup had left them without a 32-bit API. With the success of Windows 3 depending to such a large degree on backwards compatibility with DOS, it made sense that the new API should match the existing Windows API as closely as possible. Besides, there was no time to spend on redesigning anything -- they couldn't afford to let IBM's 32-bit OS/2 to steal the market before NT. To ensure that the new "Win32" matched the old "Win16" as closely as possible, it's mentioned in the book that any API changes had to be presented for approval by Ballmer himself...! Perhaps the group in charge of the GetMessage() function figured that they could manage just fine with the existing BOOL return type (which is just a typedef for int), rather than risk Ballmer's wrath over the cosmetic API change. Yeah, PSD is still at the top. I could swear that a fresh install of Photoshop 7.0 defaulted to TIFF -- I remember it because it was also the first OS X compatible version, so all changes felt intriguing... But I don't know if they changed that later due to feedback, or if I hallucinated the whole thing due to spending so much time staring at the rainbow spin cursor (Photoshop on Mac OS X 10.1 and a G4 was not particularly snappy). Anyway, Photoshop guru Jeff Schewe recommends TIFF over PSD: http://www.luminous-landscape.com/forum/lofiversion/index.ph... "Everything that can be saved in a PSD can also be save in a layered Tiff-6.0 file format...everything, paths, channels, layers, transparency, layer effects...there is nothing that PSD has "special" any longer and when that happened, Bruce and several engineers and I realized that the end of the Photoshop native file format had arrived. "Tiff has better compression (zipped tifs), can save everything that a PSD can save and be as large as 4 gigs in size (I think PSD is still limited to 2 gigs). Tiff is publicly documented where PSD requires a special NDA to access the internals. As a result, tiff is a more "archival" format while losing nothing by being used." [- - ] "So, since Photoshop CS, only PSB is a format unique to Photoshop which does not fall under the heading of having to work with the Suite...and when once looks at all the pluses and minus, I think layered TIFF's offer the best file format for pixels today-unless you are talking raw and then it's DNG-which is essentially, a TIFF-EP file, a variant of Tiff-6. "Which was one reason that Mark Hamburg, when Lightroom was first released in beta fought really, really hard AGAINST allowing PSD files into Lightroom. He lost that battle. "So, at best figure that PSD and TIFF are equal but since TIFF is a documented file format and PSD isn't, I lean towards using tiffs whenever possible...because PSD files, suck-and have since Photoshop CS." Windows NT also supported PowerPC (the CPU was switched to little-endian mode on boot). I'm sure they could support ARM for the base Windows OS, but lack of application compatibility would mean a lot of user confusion that would only damage the brand. ("It's called Windows, it looks like Windows, so why doesn't anything happen when I insert the install CD for FooApp from 1999?") Emulating x86 on ARM wouldn't do much good either. Apple was able to pull it off for their PPC->x86 transition because the new CPUs were substantially faster and memory had become abundant. ARM-based netbooks don't have either of those benefits (if the budget for these machines allowed big CPUs and lots of memory, they would just use x86). That's pretty much how it works in Finland, at least. You get a "tax proposal" in the mail. If it's missing deductions or you have special reporting duties like foreign capital gains, you can amend it and return the form; otherwise you don't have to file anything. (It seems that the majority is satisfied with the proposal as-is, which presumably is a great relief to the tax office compared to the old days when everyone had to file their own forms.) In 14th century Venice, Jews were only permitted to live in an area of the city known as Ghetto. The word has since acquired many more layers of unpleasant antisemitic connotations, yet Ghetto is marked on tourist maps of Venice today. Maybe Tokyo will eventually become as open about its history -- but before that can happen, quite a few people will have to stop thinking about others by 17th century Edo period standards, it seems. Flash has the same problem as IE -- nobody upgrades it, so you can't use new features unless you have something very cool to offer. Adobe's census claims that Flash Player 10 reached over 70% penetration just five months after its release (last November): http://www.adobe.com/products/player_census/flashplayer/vers... It's already possible to do true multicore processing in Flash Player 10 using the Pixel Bender runtime. It's a bit cumbersome because you need to write your processing kernel in the data-parallel Pixel Bender language and call it from ActionScript using the ShaderJob object. However it's definitely worth it for any parallelizable data-crunching tasks because you get both JIT compilation and multicore support. (Flash Player 10 compiles the processing kernel to native x86 code on the fly and splits the work across up to 8 native threads, IIRC.) Sweden is "falling apart"? Way to exaggerate... Here's some Nordic news in a similarly credible vein: - Finland's population vanishes entirely due to suicides and domestic knife violence - Norwegian language extinct due to general sulkiness - Iceland disappears into the Atlantic under the weight of Kaupthing Bank's debt - Danes eat too much fatty foods, explode leaving a greasy stain on EU map Btw, the Nokia 1100 is the best selling consumer electronics device ever -- they sold over 200 million units of this single model in 2003-2007. Fascinating analysis of the new "metaplatform" (a.k.a. cloud); how it relates to mobile computing and networks, and what opportunities it presents to OS and application vendors. My favorite piece of advice: Many successful app vendors are trying to create APIs that will enable other developers to extend their products. This is the right idea, but the implementation is often off-target. Many of the app companies I talk to are trying to make their APIs into the business equivalent of an operating system, with developers coming to them and living entirely within their private ecosystem. A warning sign is when a company uses a phrase like, "(insert company name) developer network" to describe its offering. The wave of the future is not turning an application inward into its own little walled garden; it's opening the application outward so it can be mixed and matched with other functionality in the metaplatform. If you have the best drawing program in the industry, you should be asking how you can also become the best drawing module in the metaplatform. Get used to being a component in addition to a standalone product. You lose some identity in the process, but gain greater opportunities to grow. The reviewers are probably outsourced in India: they just follow a flowchart procedure using Apple's automatic testing tools, and have absolutely no idea that someone on the Internet cares so much about the results that they report back to Cupertino. My point was that the reviewers might actually be regular people who are simply doing the job they're given, and who don't spend their free time reading blogs that obsess about the products they have to deal with at work. (Next time I'll remember to use Iceland as the rhetorical outsourcing destination because it's less likely to accidentally offend anyone.) Dr. Boguslaw Pawlowski of Wroclaw suggested a theory to explain permanent breasts in 1999. I thought this was a dead giveaway that the whole article is a parody, but googling reveals that Dr. Bogusław Pawlowski apparently does exist. I think it's mainly due to the market having settled on two instruction sets: x86 and ARM. Ten years ago creating ISA-specific code was a much more risky decision because it would inhibit or complicate porting to one of the other architectures (PowerPC, SPARC, Itanium, Alpha and MIPS were still viable -- now only PowerPC remains as a distant third in the ISA contest, holding niches in game consoles and IBM's high-end servers). Of course the SD slot is not a very welcome change to people who have stuff that plugs in that "flap thing", because now the MacBook Pro apparently doesn't have any means of internal expansion. (Why is it called Pro again?) According to market share statistics, less than 1% of computer users have a MacBook Pro. Hmm. Python has been available for Symbian/S60 for at least five years. Surely there are interactive scripting environments on Windows Mobile as well. What makes ASE special? I haven't tried it, but I don't see why not... The project's feature list mentions that there's a console for interactive development. Of course Symbian is one of those old-fashioned operating systems with a user-accessible file system, so one can also just open a text editor, write a script, save it as a file and run it the PyS60 script shell. After the French Revolution, the Republic adopted a base-10 calendar. The number of months remained at 12, but a month's length was made uniform: each was divided into three weeks of 10 days. The clock was modified accordingly: each day was divided into ten hours, each hour into 100 decimal minutes and each decimal minute had 100 decimal seconds. The decimal clock was officially used in France in 1793-95. (I'd imagine that any remaining clocks from that era are highly valuable antiques nowadays.) The sexagesimal system for times and angles was already in use in Mesopotamia circa 2000 BC. It's probably even older than that because it's so widespread and well-established in Eurasian cultures. Why would you prefer to keep Earth's revolution around the Sun as the base unit, instead of Earth's revolution around its axis? I would argue that the latter is more relevant for ordinary people. (Consider that Imperial Russia was using the fixed-365-day Julian calendar up to 1918, and they didn't seem to be acutely concerned that calendar months were drifting increasingly out of sync with actual seasons.) I'd suggest adopting a 1000-day year instead. To make the transition easier, the word "year" could be deprecated entirely, and the unit of time would simply be called "kiloday" or "k-day". This proposal would significantly improve everyone's life by eliminating brainless smalltalk about whether it's particularly hot or cold this June compared to last year. Whenever I'm at a party facing the choice of reorienting the conversation towards either the weather or calendar reform, I inevitably go for the latter. Chicks love it. I think Native Client's environment is constrained enough that it would be feasible to implement JIT translation between architectures (i.e. x86 -> ARM). ISA translation tech is already widespread: a company called Transitive has been quite successful in offering translation products for Unix vendors who have needed to transition their customers to a new architecture (most visibly they provided the PPC->x86 translation engine for Apple's "Rosetta"). With Native Client, the translation ought to be made easier by the structural limitations that are imposed on NaCl modules primarily for security purposes -- to use a natural language analogy, it's easier to translate a text if you know all the words originate from a certain dictionary. The Swedish Army has not actually fought a war since 1809, so they've had two hundred years to hone their Flash design skills to perfection... A very solid game-like web experience. Despite all the talk, it's going to be a while until HTML 5's and can deliver something like this. Sweden unwittingly executed a great strategic manoeuvre by surrendering all of Finland to Russia in that last war of theirs. That reduced Sweden's land border with Russia to a fraction of what it used to be. Later Finland became independent, which eliminated Sweden's Russian exposure completely. It's easier to maintain peace when you don't share a border with a chronically unstable aggressive empire. Were one to look at his actual point, one might also go back 30 years and wonder if those silly upstarts at Microsoft with their "pee sees" have a chance against serious mainframes, with the millions of lines of code already written for them. That comparison would only make sense if mainframes and PCs cost essentially the same, used the same hardware platform, and the mainframe could run all the software as the PC (but not the other way around). Mercedes is quite active at the lowest end of the market: they produce cute microcars under the Smart brand. (I guess Smarts might not be available in the US at all, considering Americans' excess-oriented taste in automobiles.) I don't think the "Apple of automobiles" exists, in the sense of there being a premium brand with substantial marketshare that would be operated by an independent company. (Porsche recently became a subsidiary of Volkswagen.) Edit -- on second thought, I guess BMW could be it. They are still independent and don't produce anything cheaper than the Mini. I don't read Gizmodo because I had the impression that it's a completely tabloidish gadget blog. But their 1979 series (to which this post by BG ties) actually looks pretty great. At least the Golden Age of Lego gallery gave me that pleasantly piercing rush of nostalgia: http://gizmodo.com/5318253/1979-the-golden-age-of-lego/galle... I haven't seen C used outside of those realms in a long time. For an example of modern high-level C, check out GTK+. It's a sprawling cross-platform GUI library that provides the foundation for the arguably most popular Linux desktop environment (GNOME). Although GNOME apps are frequently written in higher-level languages using bindings, GTK+ itself is plain C. The screenshots look good, but the terse homepage had me slightly confused about what the product actually does. (Admittedly I'm probably not part of the target market either.) The one-line description of the product -- "Online web database" -- seems to contain a tautology: if it's on the web, doesn't that imply it's online? Besides, I'm looking at a web browser, so I'm primed to expect a web application. What's left is just the word "database". Is your product very similar to an established database application, say, FileMaker? If not, then you need to come up with a better description. I'm not American, but I don't see the problem here. Why would you want to be producing polluting hunks of metal if you can avoid it? As far as the Toynbee "plunder economy" quote goes, I don't find it applicable simply because the American Empire doesn't seem to be very good at extracting tribute from conquered territories. The success of the United States is built on something completely else. For recent examples, compare the economic benefits of the Iraq conquest to those of having Google in your country -- private innovation triumphs over imperialism as an economic engine. Worse, the lowercase "ns" prefix is used by Mozilla. E.g. https://developer.mozilla.org/en/nsString It takes some courage to admit that on a site populated by software entrepreneurs. (I'm not condemning you -- but I do think that cracking shareware is the computer equivalent of meticulously planning how to steal coins from the collection plate at a slum church.) Are you sure about that? Flash has one significant advantage over plain in a browser: it's got a guaranteed compositing model. This is important for YouTube because they display advertisements as alpha-blended overlays on top of the video. If they switched to , there would be no guarantees whether a browser supports compositing of s over a video layer. On some platforms video hardware acceleration is implemented in such a way that it's not possible to render any other content over the accelerated video window, so just checking by user agent wouldn't be sufficient to ensure that compositing is available. It's a can of worms that YouTube might not want to open, considering the increasing importance of on-video ads to their revenues. I think freeing themselves from Flash is worth potentially having to display ads beside a video instead of on it. I don't have any numbers to support this assertion, but I'm convinced that the on-video ads are enormously more effective than any alternative that would place the ads outside the video frame. (For one, the on-video ads are in a location where viewers are conditioned to watch for subtitles, which makes them that much more difficult to avoid.) In WebKit, you can composite on top no problem. Not everywhere. I'd bet it doesn't work in Nokia's WebKit browser on Symbian because the platform doesn't support compositing on accelerated video. The same problem may exist on Windows (depending on graphics drivers and DWM), if rendering is implemented using DirectShow. Helsinki, Finland. Binary plugins have the ability to crash the host application regardless of platform. Sometimes they can be contained in a separate process (I think Apple does this with 10.5's QuickLook plugins to prevent them from crashing Finder), but that's not always an option due to interprocess communication overhead or shared state that can't be easily distributed (e.g. windows on OS X). 640*360 is actually fairly common on smartphones outside USA because it's the resolution used by the Symbian 5th Edition platform. (Devices using it include Nokia 5800, Nokia N97, Samsung i8910 and Sony Ericsson's upcoming Satio.) It's not an "announcement". Quite the opposite: Nokia has explicitly denied FTD's report that they would be abandoning Symbian. However, phones equipped with Maemo 5 are definitely coming to the high end of Nokia's range. (Symbian's strength is that it works with substantially cheaper hardware than any of the competing smartphone OSs, which is great for Nokia, as they are particularly strong globally at the lower end of the market and in emerging markets.) The important point is that Nokia is adopting the Qt toolkit across the range. Both Symbian and Maemo will have Qt at the top of the stack by 2011. At that point, the underlying operating system won't be particularly relevant to application developers anymore: C++ software written to Qt (with the upcoming Orbit touch UI framework) will be just a recompile away from being ported to Symbian. I feel a bit sorry for Riverbank, the company that makes the existing PyQt bindings, because their business model is being wiped out as Nokia replicates their efforts 1:1. Riverbank relied on dual licensing (GPL + commercial) to monetize their open source work, but this doesn't work anymore as Nokia has converted the entire Qt ecosystem to LGPL. But such is life for a toolmaker: when the platform provider decides that your product is good enough to be integrated, you're out of business. The best defense is probably to make tools that are not merely API plumbing, but have a user-facing component that is not easily replicated. The PySide FAQ says: Nokia’s initial research into Python bindings for Qt involved speaking with Riverbank Computing, the makers of PyQt. We had several discussions with them to see if it was possible to use PyQt to achieve our goals. Unfortunately, a common agreement could not be found, so in the end we decided to proceed with PySide. It sounds like Nokia wanted to make a deal first. Maybe Riverbank underestimated Nokia's willingness to throw sheer manpower at working around them, or perhaps Riverbank thought that reimplementing the APIs through "cleanroom" reverse engineering would be more difficult than it turned out to be. I was wondering about that as well. Maybe there's an invalid memory region on this platform which free() knows about and will silently ignore (for example the first N bytes of the address space), and the controller IDs happen to be in that range? Seems unlikely, but I can't think of anything else to explain it... Why do American consumers put up with that? (It's not like that anywhere else in the world, AFAIK.) If you have a landline phone and it rings, you don't expect to be paying the bill... How did it happen that mobile phones got treated differently and nobody raised a stink about this rip-off? Huh. Nokia is pretty much the #1 sugar daddy of open source in the mobile tech business. In the past year, they have: * Bought Symbian and open-sourced the entire OS. * Bought Trolltech, relicensed the Qt toolkit to LGPL, and developed new Python bindings from scratch. * Poured investment into Maemo, including 3G phone support (check out the upcoming Nokia N900). They're just testing the waters with this new Windows 7 notebook. (Did you notice that the screenshots are mostly showing Ovi Suite 2.0 which is Qt-based and will be available on Linux as well?) The OneApp client is almost guaranteed to be a Java Mobile Edition application, because that's the only widespread software platform for feature phones. It's fairly ironic that Microsoft's "Unlimited Potential" group develops Java software... But perhaps they've been tasked specifically to unleash their potential by overcoming the traditional Microsoft NIH / Embrace&Extend development paradigms. Rumors and FCC documents suggest that the N900 will be available in USA with T-Mobile's 3G frequencies. Nokia probably wouldn't go through the effort of building a special version for T-Mobile US unless they have a deal in place that the device will be subsidised by the carrier. So there's a fair chance that this will be available in the US for considerably less than 500 euros (my guess for the T-M price would be $199, but who knows?). Based on the linked issue thread, the MediaCoder author also makes money by bundling commercial crapware in the "free" version's installer. What's a "designer framework" anyway? I would just call this a template... Wallah! Task lists. I can understand leaving out the accent on voilà, but "wallah"? It's not even pronounced like that. If you Americans insist on writing French with such a horrible accent, I'm going to start raiting English vit my Finnish äksent. Rivendz vil pi sviit. This is from 2005, and also not very interesting. I wonder how the transition to Qt in Maemo 6 will work out in practice. We know GTK+/Hildon won't be removed, but will the new Qt-based touch UI layer build upon this impressive base in Maemo 5, sharing as much code as possible? Or will there be a parallel Qt implementation of the same concepts -- superficially similar, but internally entirely separate from Hildon? Perhaps the likeliest outcome will be akin to Carbon vs. Cocoa on Mac OS X. The two will track each other for quite some time; some components in both APIs will be implemented on top of the other as deemed appropriate; but it's inevitable that the platform owner will eventually make a clear stand for the API that's better aligned with their overall goals and whose development they control more tightly. (Mac OS X's iPhone fork was the final nail in Carbon's coffin, and the political preference for Qt across all of Nokia's platforms will eventually kill Hildon.) 8 MB is also the default on Mac OS X. That's for the main thread -- for other threads (at least those created by the standard pthread mechanism), it's only 512 kB: http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/qa/qa2005/qa1419.html There's a lot of software on a modern phone. For at least a decade, all the major mobile phone manufacturers have been large software companies. I don't see what would have changed significantly at Motorola: if anything, they seem to be scaling back their software effort, letting Google take care of the platform. (Previously Mot was involved with Symbian and had a custom mobile Linux variant -- http://developer.motorola.com/platforms/mobile-linux -- in addition to its proprietary "dumbphone" OS which is used on most of the handsets the company still manages to sell. All of these projects are likely much bigger efforts in terms of manpower than this new "social" shell on top of Android.) Industrial meat production is ecologically unsustainable. Replacing cows, pigs and chickens with these soulless flesh-trilobites would do nothing to solve the real problem: there are billions of people mainly in Asia aspiring for the Western lifestyle, and the Earth can't support it. (Sounds like a recipe for global war.) In the Roman era, clothes were washed with human urine. Fortunately modern detergents are not merely synthetic urine... Similarly, we need to give up on the notion of somehow producing indistinguishable ersatz-meat, and instead invent something fundamentally better. (Personally I think the Chinese already did it a thousand years ago with the invention of tofu, but I know most people don't agree.) There wouldn't have been an iPhone, but the Newton would most likely have become a smartphone platform. (Actually a hypothetical 2002 NewtonPhone might have been quite the killer product against the first iterations of Symbian, Windows Mobile and PalmOS on Treos...) Don't underestimate the willingness of third world families to send their children to the US under this "fat check visa" scheme, regardless of whether they would have any source of guaranteed income. Currently Africans are commonly paying over 10,000 euros for an illegal trip to an undetermined European country. The families raise the money for young men even though there's no guarantee whether the kid will end up in Norway or Italy (and often no further than Morocco). Compared to this, a five-year US visa for $50k would be an extremely attractive option. I doubt that desperate young men whose families are hopelessly in debt are the kind of immigrants that the US would want to specifically attract. Marko Ahtisaari's primary credential is that he's the son of former Finnish president (and Nobel Peace Prize laureate) Martti Ahtisaari. Dopplr always seemed like a startup that's been tailor-designed for a Nokia acquisition exit. Glad to see it worked out for them. ".su", the TLD assigned to the Soviet Union, is still in use and has no expiration in sight. It seems a bit strange that .yu is being phased out so rapidly. By the same logic, universal suffrage is an unfortunate political compromise to meet the whims of minorities, and the "true" right to vote belongs to upper-class men only, as established by the traditional definition of democracy. I still remember having to look into a French-English dictionary to find the right word for 'spacesuit'... I had the same experience playing Space Quest I as an 8-year-old kid with my friend. Except that it didn't occur to us to look up words in a dictionary; instead we kept calling an older friend who actually knew English and could tell us the magic incantations we needed to type to get somewhere in the game. I'll never forget that you need to "fasten seatbelt" before launching the escape pod. Congratulations Americans. Above all, this award is a recognition that the United States still stands for something unique. (It's hard to imagine the Peace Prize going to any other major political leader currently in office. Hu Jintao? Dmitry Medvedev? José Manuel Barroso? Nah.) Why does Adobe want to dilute the powerful Photoshop brand with weak crap like this? It's the equivalent of Apple buying a pile of old Motorola StarTAC phones and slapping an "iPhone" sticker on them. Fisheye visionaries. Their angle of view is so wide that they get motion sickness from the slightest movement. Thus they'll rather remain stationary for as long as possible. Shipping comes first. You won't find out if it really works without shipping it. When you choose "Quit" from the Program Manager in Windows 3.1, you're back in DOS. Couldn't you run Lemmings that way? How about the Nokia N900? It's a fully open Linux phone made by a company with a lot of resources (and the need to push the platform, in light of Symbian's failure to live up to expectations). http://maemo.nokia.com/n900 Clickable links: http://lacquer.fi/2020 http://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftwa... Personally I find that the sample code is often the most important part of the library. I like to learn by doing, and rewriting sample code into my own style is a great way to do that. It needs to be supported by high-quality documentation, of course - preferably there should be a walkthrough of the code with relevant documentation links that go into more detail to explain the thinking behind the library. What I really hate is documentation that's obviously written by technical writers who understand the concepts in the abstract, but have never written any code using it. It's frustrating to wade through pages and pages of patronizing explanations when a real-world example would do the job so much better. (The worst example of this documentation genre I've ever seen is probably Symbian's C++ API documentation. First they spend an eternity justifying their pseudo-Hungarian type naming convention. Then they introduce a class hierarchy of a dozen classes for basic buffers and strings, dither over all the irrelevant details of the implementation, and claim that it's an "elegant example of object-oriented design". I guess they expect their audience to be of the captive kind that is forced to sit in a class room for a few weeks listening to trivialities, so it makes sense to waste all that time going over outdated '90s buzzwords.) Apple's Aqua window manager supports morphing windows using a warp grid, although the API isn't public. The "Genie" effect (when minimizing to the Dock) is accomplished by distorting the warp grid. (Just in case someone doesn't know this: most of the UI animations on Mac OS X can be viewed in slow motion by simply holding down Shift. This works for all the Dock animations -- minimizing, stack popups, etc. -- and seems to work in many Core Animation situations as well.) Sorry if my point was so unclear. I agree completely that examples are an integral part of documentation. But it sometimes seems that this point is lost on the programmers and tech writers who should be collaborating to produce the documentation (or perhaps management is to blame for treating these roles too separately). The result is often documentation that's too verbose, too rigidly structured according to the implementation's hierarchies and doesn't match the thought processes and expectations of the target users. They're so proud of shipping a Mozilla browser, but how the fuck are they going to integrate that with Qt? I don't see the contradiction there. Mozilla and Qt are at different levels in the GUI stack. (KDE is a Qt-based desktop, yet it runs Firefox just fine.) A handheld device is the last place you want two completely different file-picker dialogs, and you can't cover that shit up with theming. What does Mozilla have to do with file picker dialogs? Firefox uses native dialogs on the platforms it runs on, and so does Nokia's Gecko-based browser on Maemo. Do you really want to be shipping second-party Gecko in the when Webkit is better and you're already paying people to work on it? What's preventing them from switching to a WebKit-based browser when it's ready for production? Why should they have tried to squeeze that into the Maemo 5 dev cycle, when they already have a fine browser? I don't understand your argument at all, because OS and device vendors switch browsers all the time as new alternatives become available. Mac OS X 10.2 still shipped with Internet Explorer 5 as the default browser... And do you really think that 40 BILLION (not million) is required to implement GSM, UMTS and wireless lan ? Did some Standard-Bearing Moses come down from the mountain carrying three stone tablets on which the fully-formed GSM, UMTS and WLAN specifications were inscribed? Of course not. These standards were derived from inventions by Nokia, Ericsson, Qualcomm and many others; inventions that indeed did cost billions to develop. It's no wonder that users don't read the Formatting Reference (as shown in the screenshot). It's written in totally cryptic jargon that's only understandable by someone who knows HTML, and is itself formatted in a manner that makes it illegible. Worse, those big blue buttons in random alignments grab all the attention and make the text even harder to read (they should probably be plain old links). From the application developer's point of view, Android is fairly resource-intensive because it doesn't support compiled applications. All the public APIs are only provided within Dalvik, an interpreted Java VM. This is a major break from Linux tradition. IMO Android doesn't qualify as a "Linux" when it only uses the Linux kernel without providing API access. Android is more like an extension of the traditional Java Mobile Edition approach to mobile platforms. With no APIs except the standard C library and Zlib, it's just not particularly useful (yet). If you've got some performance-intensive number crunching code in plain C with no dependencies, then the Android NDK will allow you to expose that to your Dalvik app... But the NDK doesn't help much in porting the overwhelming majority of existing C/C++ applications. What does "Mac 2.0" in the title mean? AFAICT, the quotes in the article are about the very first 128k Macintosh. Another anecdote: In 2006, Nokia discontinued their 7710 touchscreen smartphone and shut down the majority of R&D related to touchscreen interfaces, because market research indicated that people just don't want them. A year later, they were scrambling to figure out how to compete in the redefined touchscreen phone market. A large install base and a decent authoring tool are the sine qua non of online rich media. Silverlight has the latter; HTML 5 will eventually attain a decent install base; but Flash has both now. Relax -- it's just a metaphor. The iTunes App Store may not be under tyranny, but that's like saying it's not an ecosystem because binaries are nothing like living creatures (nor is it a platform because it's not a flat physical object, etc. ad absurdum). The author holds xmonad as an example of "trying bold, new ideas in user interface design". I'm not convinced that a tiling window manager qualifies, because the invention goes back some 30 years to Xerox PARC (where else). The Xerox Star shipped in 1981, and a major feature of its GUI was that simultaneously open application windows were automatically laid out so that they would not overlap. I studied to be a film editor, but ended up as a developer. There's a surprising similarity in the thought processes and trade-offs involved in editing and coding. In both cases, you're in charge of building up a coherent microcosm using a constrained set of intellectual raw material that was created by someone else, whose goals you may or may not agree with. Unfortunately film editing nowadays involves mostly sitting at a computer (unless you're an oldschool star editor who can demand a Steenbeck flatbed editor and real tangible film). Some good ideas and a very well executed prototype are presented. The window management concept seems very similar to recent mobile operating systems, specifically the "card" concept in Palm's webOS and the tiled window view in Nokia's Maemo 5. It seems to me that the Stripes menu design presents too much information to be applicable to small mobile devices with low-res screens (e.g. iPhone), but it might be very effective on the new generation of mobile phones with higher screen resolutions (Motorola Droid/Milestone, Nokia N900). Those features have been practically ubiquitous on GSM phones for about five years (except for the cheapest 3rd world models). That's as close to "all phones" as you can get. In Finland (and probably some other countries with a similar welfare system), there is an ongoing discussion concerning a so-called citizen wage. The basic argument is very similar to yours: replacing the existing rat's nest of situation-dependent welfare benefits with a flat sum that's paid out to everyone would be possible within the same budget constraints because it would eliminate so much administrative overhead and incentives to game the system, while freeing people to do something more useful with their time than filling out unemployment forms. Of course the difference is that nobody would be required to crank a machine; everyone would simply get 300-400 euros from the government each month just for being alive. (Those who are employed would pay it back in taxes.) Finnish college students get 400 euros per month, and many are able to complete their education with no other income or parents' savings (college education is free once you're accepted). Besides students, the most basic level of welfare for those who get no unemployment benefits is also about 400 euros. So it's not impossible to live with that kind of money in Finland, even though it's not enough to rent an apartment in the center of Helsinki. You're probably going to be eating a lot of potatoes or pasta... The political reasoning is not really that "citizen wage" should be good enough for most people, but rather that it would be unaffected by any additional income. Currently there's really no incentive to get a job that only pays 1000 eur/month: you can get that much by pretending that you're looking for work, and those benefits would be lost if you started working. With citizen wage, you could reach that 1000 eur/month income by getting a 600 eur/month job. Finland has a major problem with persistent unemployment. It's hoped that these low-skilled workers would become more employable under the citizen wage scheme as they would have the financial motivation to seek low-wage and part-time jobs. Why is alloca() non-thread-safe? Each thread has its own stack. Yeah, sharing objects on the thread-local stack is definitely a bad idea. But as long as the alloca'd memory is only accessed from within the same thread, it is -- AFAIK -- safe to call alloca() simultaneously from multiple threads, the same as malloc(). I think that qualifies as thread-safety by the usual definition: i.e. the function doesn't access statics or globals. (Of course this will vary depending on the CRT. I don't think any UNIXes nowadays ship without threading support in the CRT, but Microsoft Visual C++ used to have separate thread-safe and non-thread-safe C libraries.) Well, Nokia's multi-OS strategy can be accused of lacking a coherent message, but I don't see how they can be blamed for lacking commitment to open source. Within the past two years, Nokia has acquired Symbian and Trolltech (now Nokia's Qt division), freeing the code to these formerly proprietary projects and opening up their development processes to community contributions and scrutiny. That's an enormous "gift" to open source, at least by the traditional metrics of LOC and market value -- Symbian has something like 40 million lines of C++ code, and Nokia acquired it at a cost of several hundreds of millions of euros. (I'm not saying that these figures are an actual indication of its worth, but the bean counters at Nokia must have been pretty shocked by this plan...) JavaScript+WebGL is to VRML as JavaScript+Canvas is to SVG. C99 allows this. Actually, the C standard guarantees that char is equal to one byte. XMPP, BOSH and the Strophe library (both the JavaScript and C incarnations). Earlier this year I got tasked with implementing a system which involved multiple mobile clients talking to a rendering server. The mobile devices had a fairly beefy browser (Nokia N900), so the client was clearly suitable to be delivered as a web app. On the server side, we already had a realtime graphics system I had written earlier, to which the web clients would need to talk over a bidirectional connection with near-realtime responsiveness. Being a C/desktop guy with little network experience, my first intuition was to do the simplest thing I knew how to handle: linking a small embeddable web server (e.g. libmicrohttpd) into the render server, and devising some cheesy custom application-specific protocol over HTTP. Luckily, my work partner is not as stuck in the 1990s as I am, and he suggested we use XMPP. I was sceptical at first (XML? A server written in Erlang? Do we really need to go there? I just want to tinker with my pointers...) He showed me some demos of realtime XMPP web apps built with Strophe.js, and I was rather impressed. Then we went over our system's client/server design and how it would map to XMPP, and I was sold. We ended up using many more XMPP features than I had initially imagined, including publish/subscribe and multi-user chat rooms. Had we gone with my original approach, these concepts would have been implemented in some haphazard way in the render server itself. Now the rendering system just talks to the XMPP server like any other client. It's stable, scalable and fast. Still, while BOSH in the browser is pretty amazing in practice, it does feel like a hack that's stretching the reasonable limits of what web apps should be doing over HTTP. Hopefully this time next year I'll be able to say that one of the best technologies I've worked with in 2010 was HTML 5 web sockets... Why is that more productive than putting in those hours after the opposition has already gone to bed? The original post mentions "overtaxed" SMS messages, so maybe their model involved some kind of money transfers between users. This could have been rendered illegal as a side effect of legislation that attempted to limit text message lending. (SMS loans may not be familiar to Americans. They're a widespread and very profitable business in some European countries, and there have been attempts to curtail them through legislation due to perceived ethical concerns. The idea is that you can get a loan by sending a text message, and the money is transferred directly to your account -- great when you run out of money while drinking on the town... The fees are extremely high compared to any other kind of loan, of course.) Edit -- my guess was wrong :) The original poster provided the details. Have you not been consuming any American pop-culture for the last 15 years? :) It's worth noting that although American entertainment is consumed all over the world, the acting is often overdubbed in the local language. Hence it's not possible for a Frenchman to learn colloquial English by watching "American Pie" -- presumably beaver references are translated to something more appropriate than "le castor" ;) The design of the letter forms is not protected, but the digital font files are. If you want to redistribute Helvetica Neue without paying Linotype, you must redraw all the letters. I used to do graphics in the demoscene, and contributed to a couple of demos. Here's the ones I remember best: Tesla - http://www.pouet.net/prod.php?which=33 Contour - http://www.pouet.net/prod.php?which=31 Live Evil - http://www.pouet.net/prod.php?which=297 13/10/99 - http://www.pouet.net/prod.php?which=3291 (This one is actually a video demo, something I made alone without a coder.) Nowadays I've turned to programming and make visual effects software. Most likely I never would have ended up on this career if it wasn't for the demoscene, so I feel lucky to have been there! The "ogm" file format is an old, unsupported, deprecated variant of the Ogg container. Do you mean "ogv"? Sorry, this may seem like nit-picking, but such a fundamental mistake makes it harder to take your strong claims about Mozilla's design and intentions at face value. The notion that smartphone and netbook users are merely passive consumers of commercial content strikes me as somewhat elitist, or at least not fully thought out. Taking photos and videos is a major use case for phones, dumb and smart variations alike. A substantial portion of that material ends up being published one way or another, even if just to a circle of friends. That's content originated on a phone. Similarly, Windows netbooks quickly displaced the early Linux-based attempts mainly because people wanted to run Office and other familiar apps. What is writing a Word document if not content production? The Nokia N900 smartphone is currently the mobile programmer's paradise. Underneath its Maemo OS veneer is a fairly standard Linux. A terminal is part of the standard install, and there's no jailbreaking needed to install whatever you want. There are packages for Python, Perl, GCC... And of course you can run pretty much anything by building it from source. The ARM A8 Cortex CPU is fast enough that it actually makes sense to do this. If you want a more desktop-like programming environment, it's even possible to install Debian on the N900. The iPhone model is not terribly detrimental to software innovation. Of course there's a lack of transparency, long approval waits just to release bugfixes, occasional bizarre app refusals... But mostly it doesn't matter because the open web provides an increasibly viable secondary outlet for software. Hardware is an entirely different beast. Apple brashly requires hardware vendors to engineer their products specifically for the iPhone platform, and you can't work around these limitations in software. For a glaring example, there's no open Bluetooth stack on iPhone OS. Most probably the underlying implementation is essentially identical to IOBluetooth.framework on Mac OS X, but instead of giving software developers the degree of freedom that's taken for granted on computer platforms, Apple has chosen to restrict iPhone OS to a much more limited API which can only connect to devices that contain an Apple-licensed chip. Apple doesn't seem to mind suffocating independent hardware innovation in order to extract licensing fees. What a long way they've come from Steve Wozniak's days... I'm not a native English speaker and have never lived in the USA, so I'm having a hard time understanding this: (ex. they want a black coffee, but they'll order 'coffee, no cream, no sugar', which means you'll get coffee one cream, one sugar, because a black coffee is a black coffee and isn't said any differently anywhere in the anglosphere, don't be different) Are you saying that "coffee, no cream, no sugar" will be understood as "two coffees: one without cream, one without sugar"? That seems... unexpected. I can easily imagine myself making that mistake. Interesting. I had no idea that the Canadian lifestyle is so marked by streamlined efficiency that it puts American fast-food chains to shame. I live in Finland. The cliché about Finns is that they are stolid and quiet... But the upside of the "default silence" is that people generally pay attention when someone is talking. It feels very foreign that I would accidentally get both milk and sugar in my coffee because the person behind the counter wasn't actually listening to me, but instead just detecting keywords in my speech. - - Adobe has failed to deliver a major mobile Flash upgrade since early 2007. Flash Player 9.4 is shipping on the Nokia N900, and works pretty nicely in the standard browser. Wouldn't that count as a major upgrade? (It's still one version behind the desktop counterpart, but at least it supports all the features of Flash 9 instead of a Lite subset.) GCC's non-standard extensions are typically compiler features, whereas Apple's "C blocks" involves a substantial addition to the runtime. IMHO the GCC folks have good reason to avoid runtime extensions. Apple does provide the source for their blocks environment... But it's the type of code that probably has subtle platform-specific ABI dependencies. Who is going to port and verify it on all the platforms GCC supports? The article says that Symbian powers most of Nokia's phones, but that's not correct. AFAIK, Symbian is on about 20% of Nokia's offerings, with the rest running their closed dumbphone operating systems (Series 30/40). Nokia has started to make high-end Linux based phones as well. Why would they do that if they believe in Symbian? The explanation is right there in your first sentence -- "high-end". Symbian can work with 1/10th of the CPU and 1/20th of the RAM compared to Nokia's Maemo Linux platform. It will be a long time before all phones can be equipped with ARM Cortex CPUs and 256 MB RAM. In the meantime, there will be literally billions of phones sold with much lesser specs. It makes a lot of sense for Symbian to target that market. (It's curious that Nokia gets so much flack for using multiple operating systems, when other vendors don't have a single OS that would span their whole range either... The existence of Mac OS X doesn't imply that iPhone OS is too limited. Windows Mobile isn't suffering because Windows 7 is so much better. Google has both Android and Chrome OS, etc. Different devices, different users, different operating systems.) I pay nearly all my debts (in cash) via a scan-able bill at a combini (convenience store). At first it seems weird, but after awhile, you wonder how you lived without it. That seems a lot less convenient than just making an online money transfer. When I need to pay a paper bill, I log in to my bank's web site, type in three numbers from the bill (account #, reference #, amount of €) and click "send". I think Windows NT is an even better example of a case where Microsoft was genuinely leading the way. NT was a workstation-class operating system for the average PC -- or to put it another way, it was "desktop VMS" eight years before Apple shipped the first real "desktop Unix". Without the 98->XP growth path afforded by NT, Windows would have stalled ten years ago. No, the Symbian open source release includes S60 as well. (Although S60 is not long for this world; it's going to be replaced by a new Qt-based layer in Symbian^4 next year.) That said, porting Symbian^(x) to the E71 would be a major effort. The S60 5th Edition UI layer seems to assume a screen resolution of at least 640*360. Even if that were resolved, I'm not sure how one would get the software on the E71. Apparently some Samsung users have created customized Symbian firmware upgrades, so maybe it's a more realistic prospect for S60 5th Edition devices. Jonathan Ive was already employed by Apple before 1997. The Newton eMate, a sort of proto-netbook running the Newton OS, was designed by him. Isn't FarmVille a Flash game? If so, it presumably uses Flash XML sockets instead of Comet-style browser hacks. Sorry, you're the one who's confused -- the article is quite explicit that the marketshare numbers given are for smartphones, not the entire phone market. No need to wait -- you can already buy a GPU with that kind of specs, and program it with CUDA or OpenCL. A blog with a 1995 design and a grid background that doesn't align with the text criticizes the Windows Phone 7 interface for being ugly and illegible. IOW, nothing to see here. Aesthetic? I think I see what you mean -- if Heisenberg had developed a nuclear bomb during the war, it would have had a significant impact on European landscape aesthetics. Indeed. If the market economy had had its way in the early 1990s, we wouldn't have open access and HTML, but islands of walled garden networks (MSN, AOL, Apple eWorld) running closed binaries. (That scenario would probably resemble the mobile phone market quite a bit. "Sign up for MSN, get a free Dell PC and 2000 free online minutes! * Incoming email messages now just $0.03 each + $0.99/megabyte for attachments.") Millions of people are going to find out about fringe browsers through this selection dialog. If I were in charge of such a project, I would have put some serious effort into improving the icon and copy text the minute this opportunity was made public. Right now most of the non-top-5 browsers look like crap or spyware. Avant is definitely shortlisted for the "ugliest 145*50 banner image of 2010" award. This selection dialog is going to be around for a while. Even if only 1 in 20 users does scroll to the right, that should mean millions of viewers over the coming years... Whatever the exact numbers may be, it eclipses the exposure that these browsers could get through any other means. It's a bit like having your iPhone app in the lower part of the Top 20 on the App Store. It won't be visible on the iTunes front page, but it's still much more powerful than any other kind of free marketing you could hope to get. Does anyone know of a similar artificial language to unify the Scandinavians? Swedish, Norwegian, Danish and Icelandic are similar enough that it should be possible to create a language that could be passably understood by all speakers -- call it "skandiska"...? Ah. I didn't realize that Scandinavians already understand each other so well. I'm a Finn who studied mandatory 6 years of Swedish at school, yet I can't understand a word of Danish... I wish they would teach us something more useful than Finland's regional Swedish dialect and accent -- it only has a few hundred thousand native speakers, of whom 95% speak Finnish anyway :( VRML's corpse preserved by scientists, resurrected 15 years later to haunt Wikipedia? Nice design, the brush shapes are pretty. But honestly, this is the kind of application which used to be provided as a demonstration of Turbo Pascal's graphics library in 1990... Multiplying some lines into a greyscale buffer on mouse events was perfectly feasible on a 286 + VGA. Meanwhile in 2010, Flash Player 10 can render 300K 3D particles in software: http://www.unitzeroone.com/labs/alchemyPushingPixels this is the kind of argument which was used to demonstrate how inadequate pcs where compares to mainframes in the 80's. So you mean '80s mainframes were actually PCs, but they had a faster virtual machine, better language support and a more expansive standard library? Because, you know, both the Canvas demo and the Flash demo run on the same hardware... Don't get me wrong, I really like Canvas. But it's harmful to pretend that it's a Flash replacement, when Flash still does a lot more and also has authoring tools that allow actual content to be produced by design professionals. Certainly not a forgotten concept. Flash itself was a highly disruptive technology: originally a vector painting engine created for mid-'90s pen computing, it sneaked under the radar for years under the guise of a harmless animation plugin. Who could have foreseen in 1998 that Flash would replace not only Shockwave and Java, but also QuickTime and Windows Media on the web? Sun, Apple and Microsoft had their lunch eaten without even noticing -- and they actively aided their fall by bundling the plugin in their products. ("It's only 100k, and advertisers like to use it for animated banners. How could it possibly threaten our business?") IMHO, that is disruptive. In contrast, HTML 5 seems rather like a sustaining innovation that supports the existing business model of certain web giants. Each character is wrapped in a tag. I would imagine most address collector bots don't bother to actually parse HTML, so they would be thrown off by that. Of course, if that's the case, then the trick can be used on its own without a CSS font at all. Personally, I don't like Helvetica except in logos that start with A. In that case you might fall in love with the logo of Finland's leading tech/economics/design college, Aalto University: http://www.aalto.fi/en Yes. Web colors are supposed to be sRGB, but hardly anyone has a monitor that displays actual sRGB. Laptops and LCDs are convenient in so many ways, but we probably had better color reproduction when CRTs and desktops dominated... Due to poor LCD quality, aging backlights and operating system configuration differences, all the parameters that affect color can vary wildly: gamma, color primaries... There's no guarantee of what #0044cc will look like, nor is there any guarantee that it would be perceptually about twice as bright as #002266. At least Mac OS X 10.6 has finally switched to "PC gamma" (2.2) by default, so that eliminates one source of endless confusion about digital color. My pet peeve is the field labelled "State or province" which can't be left empty. This is surprisingly common. Most countries on Earth are not federations; dozens of nations are small enough that dividing into "provinces" would be meaningless; and even larger countries that do have regions may not include their names in mailing addresses. What rapid spread? There were far more platforms before, with far more significant differences. In the late '80s, a popular game was commonly ported to half a dozen platforms: Amiga, Atari ST, Apple II, Commodore 64, PC+EGA, PC+VGA -- sometimes even Sinclair and MSX. Even the hardware was usually completely different between systems, e.g. the powerful custom graphics and audio chips on the Amiga. In the '90s, a cross-platform desktop application like Netscape would have to run on a range of very different systems: Windows 3.1 (16-bit), Windows 95 (32-bit with new UI), Windows NT (32-bit with old UI), Mac OS 7 (32-bit with no memory protection), Solaris, Linux, AIX, HP/UX... In comparison, Windows 7, Mac OS X and modern Linux are basically the same. It's easy to write cross-platform C applications using mostly UNIX APIs and deploy them on Windows using MinGW and a couple of lightweight libraries like pthread-win32. For cross-platform GUI applications, the Qt framework is available pretty much everywhere, even phones. This is pretty amazing. Essentially everything has become "UNIX-like" nowadays -- even the smartphone stalwart Symbian has given up trying to pretend it's something else. We are in the process of Negotiating to get the Commercial version of Unlimited Details SDK built. pedant that i am, random Capitalization in supposedly Important Ad-Copy infuriates Me. Providing 3G in the subway does not appear to be a problem in cities like Tokyo and Helsinki. Big City, USA will figure it out soon. Symbian has had essentially the same kind of task switcher for many years (hold the Home button to display a popup of open apps). AFAIK, nobody uses that either. It's not discoverable. Sorry. I actually use the Symbian task switcher too. I should have said: "I suspect most users are completely oblivious to this method of switching between tasks". (The task switcher is also accessible from the main menu by pressing Option and choosing it from the popup menu, so that's probably how most people find it.) In Finland, the minimum capital required for a limited company ("osakeyhtiö", Oy for short) is 2500 euros. The registration costs something less than 100 euros, IIRC. The paperwork is simple enough that it can be filled out with common sense. I've done it myself. The only slightly mysterious bit of protocol was the need to open a bank account in the company's name before the company is actually registered, in order to hold the capital. Luckily the banks and the registration office are well familiar with how this works and can explain the process, so it turned out be quite simple in the end. Simplifying the process of creating limited companies is probably the easiest way that governments can stimulate startup activity -- there's really no reason to keep it complicated. I guess the path to Trajan would be too simple. Start -> I'm making a movie poster -> Trajan. I don't really understand his complaints about the lack of compatibility between traditional Cocoa (i.e. Foundation+AppKit) and Cocoa Touch (Foundation+UIKit). I've been working with Cocoa for years. It took me just an afternoon to port a graphics and audio application from Mac OS X to Cocoa Touch. Granted, it's a pretty simple application [1] designed for maximum cross-platform compatibility by being written in C. But jwz's Dali Clock is even simpler with the same portability goal... In my experience the changes made in UIKit are perfectly reasonable given the constraints of the platform. In many places Apple has managed to substantially improve the experience of mixing plain-C CoreFoundation and Obj-C Cocoa by lowering the historical "impedance mismatch" between the two that still persists in AppKit. There's nothing wrong with doing an API cleanup when the opportunity for a break with the past presents itself. [1] http://lacquer.fi/2020 IMHO, moving from a 23" screen and multi-GB memory to a 3.5" screen and 128 MB is strong justification for changing an interface. Most of AppKit just doesn't make any sense in a single-task, single-window system. They could have kept some of the classes, but what would be the point? A tiny minority of Mac apps are as simple as jwz's clock. Everything else would need rewriting anyway. To be fair, Mac OS X does the same by default. The GSM/3G SIM format is ubiquitous: there are billions of them in active use. Micro-SIM was meant for devices smaller than phone handsets and has seen very limited adoption. There's no good justification for breaking compatibility with existing SIMs. At this point, I don't think any other phone vendor will start using it aside from Apple, so it's just a clever move that makes it that much harder for users to move between networks and devices while maintaining a facade of "hardware innovation". Multitouch and GPU acceleration? E.g. fast pinch-to-zoom into hi-res originals. If you don't have an iPhone but a recent Nokia instead, you can get Lonely Planet guides as part of the free Ovi Maps navigation package. http://maps.nokia.com/ovi-services-and-apps/ovi-maps ARM is a British company. The EU Competition Commissioner wouldn't allow this sale to go through because it would threaten European interests (i.e. those of Ericsson, Nokia, etc). In the bad old days of 1998, HTML was flashing forward along several haphazardly chosen paths, as Netscape and Microsoft were busy creating their own incompatible extensions like document.layers vs. document.all. I prefer the present situation, where the experimental envelope-pushing happens in the controlled sandbox of Flash, and only the most vital innovations will eventually trickle down into the HTML standard. Full-screen mode has traditionally been missing from Mac browsers. Safari and Firefox still don't have it, but Chrome does. Oh, sorry about that, my Firefox is slightly out of date (3.5.9) and doesn't seem to have full-screen mode. Qt is used by heavy-duty desktop apps like the new release of Autodesk Maya [1]. Nothing solved there? [1] http://qt.nokia.com/about/news/autodeskae-mayaae-2011-qt-hel... I'm working on some plain old Windows software (C/C++) for a niche market, and I've been seriously tempted to make Windows 7 the minimum requirement. It's an enormous headache to support all those XP machines with a 9-year old OS that has been patched 500 times, creaky drivers, lots of software installed over the years with excessive privileges and DLL versions crapped all over, etc. These numbers reinforce my impression that Win7 is getting sufficiently established. Those who don't move on to Win7 probably don't care enough to buy software either (at least in my market). Useless trivia: this video is shot in Suvilahti, Helsinki. It's an old power station, and last year served as a most appropriate venue for a concert by the legendary Kraftwerk (whose name is German for, well, power station). There are several competing theatrical 3D systems: RealD, Dolby 3D, XpanD. Their technologies are completely different: respectively polarisation, wavelength multiplexing, shutter glasses. Only RealD uses cheap disposable glasses. In Dolby 3D and XpanD, the glasses are fairly expensive to produce, and thus are recycled (collected from the audience after the show, washed and redistributed). Americans seem to overwhelmingly prefer RealD, while Dolby 3D and XpanD dominate in Europe. Anyone surprised? :) Absolutely. Some European film critics held this view until recently. I recall one of Finland's former leading critics, a man who used to teach cinema history in the country's leading film school, listing his favorite films of all time in 1996, when the art form turned 100. His list included a single color film, and he made special note of that: "This film demonstrates that it's possible to create a film where color is not a distraction but an essential element." You paint Microsoft as an army of cloners, yet within the same argument you provide a compelling example of Microsoft innovation: Excel was a much better product than Lotus 123/G. The Flash-compiled apps would not be nearly so big if Apple allowed shared libraries to be installed once and loaded dynamically, instead of forcing them to be statically linked into each and every app that uses them, thus bloating app size with redundant code. But that's crazy talk -- it's not like iPhone OS is an Unix with several[1][2][3] well-defined and proven extension mechanisms, or anything... [1] http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Develop... [2] http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/CoreFou... [3] http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/MacOSX/... Finally a sensible explanation for why the window title bar widgets were moved to the left in Ubuntu 10.04. Things that C programmers need to know about C++: - malloc() is broken. You need to cast the result. - Casting is broken. Even though C-style casting is available, you can't use it to reliably cast a void * as an object even when you know the type. - Pointers are broken. C++ introduces "references", a kind of non-nullable pointer which doesn't look like a pointer, makes a syntactic mess of what & means, and is used inconsistently wherever one could simply always use a pointer. - Exporting functions is broken. C++ functions can't be reliably exported as public APIs, unless you are absolutely sure your OS and compiler will never be updated. You must use #ifdefs to wrap the functions in 'extern "C"' declarations to have a stable plain-C API. Both Windows NT and Windows 95 were tagged as "OS/2 killer", and that slaughter-job couldn't have turned out better. Of course it helps to be the original creator of the product that you set out to kill... (In this sense, the iPad could deservedly be called the "Mac killer".) This device has an HDMI port, so presumably "1080p HD compatible" means that it can play out 1080p video to an external display through HDMI. I'm reminded of this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terracotta_Army "My friend, Zhang, doesn't believe I can collect one million soldiers by 209 BC. I'm gonna prove him wrong, but I need your help. (Or you'll be beheaded.) Thanks, Qin." Our time is gentler -- the Age of the Giraffes. Yes, how often are these capabilities used (besides one of the most phenomenal web applications in recent years, but these parentheses let me pretend that nobody cares about something like that)? The article's main claim is: Apple’s iPad will likely take the crown for the fastest consumer product growth to the $1 billion revenue mark in history, taking less than 80 days from the beginning of pre-orders to reach that milestone. What about Modern Warfare 2, which reached the same milestone in two months? [1] A console game in a physical box doesn't seem to be any less of a consumer product. [1] http://news.cnet.com/8301-13772_3-10434464-52.html The iPad was rumored as far back as May 2001: http://fury.com/2001/05/apples-ipad-the-next-big-thing :P But more seriously, it's not quite clear to me why preorders are particularly relevant here as the marketing approaches are so different. Most iPads are sold directly by Apple, whereas a console game is available through thousands of retailers. It makes sense that those retailers were taking preorders a long time before release. (I'm sure somewhere preorders were being taken for the now perhaps cancelled Win7-equipped HP Slate, despite the lack of an official release date.) A few years ago I tried to mangle COS into compiling on Microsoft Visual C++. The problem is that COS's syntactic magic relies on C99 features like variadic macros, and MSVC still doesn't implement the ISO C99 standard. Microsoft does have their own incompatible implementations of the necessary features in C++ mode, so theoretically it should be possible to adapt COS to build on both C99 and MSVC++. I never got it working, though. (I didn't spend many evenings on it either...) Right. That's what I was hoping to work around by adding an MSVC-specific code generation path to COS, but I didn't figure it out. A while ago, I was watching an N900 user trying out an iPad. It was interesting to see that he had substantial difficulty figuring out how to move back in nested screen hierarchies. He was actually trying to press on the black border around the screen to go back, because on the N900 all dialogs are designed so that clicking anywhere in the area "behind" the dialog takes you back. IMHO, that "buttonless back button" is perhaps the best thing about the N900's UI design. ... Apple is silly not to sell on other carriers ... It's not Apple's decision. Even if their AT&T exclusivity were expired, Apple couldn't just start selling a device on e.g. Verizon. Consumers are trained to expect several hundred dollars worth of subsidies when "buying" a phone. The carriers control the subsidy, so they decide what devices go on their network. (Initially in 2007 Apple tried the waters with an unsubsidised $600 iPhone. That didn't work then, and competition is much more fierce now.) The surge in Android marketshare is strong evidence that Verizon can do very well for themselves without Apple. I'm not sure if Apple's bargaining chips are very strong in this game anymore. The consumer pays the subsidy in the end, but the carrier decides which device gets the subsidy and how large it is. For example, you can't buy a Samsung Android phone full-price, then bring it to AT&T asking them to give you a $300 discount because you'll be using this device on their network for the next two years. That's essentially how subsidies work in other countries. This gives the American carriers tremendous negotiation power over device manufacturers, who have no choice but to abide because there's no alternative avenue for selling their products. (Nokia has tried for years to market unlocked phones in the US, with a resounding lack of success.) "All these worlds are yours except Europa. Attempt no landing there." (A. C. Clarke, "2010") A child in Africa can build apps for my iPhone using a text terminal. Sic... A child in Africa can also build Flash apps in a text editor using mxmlc, the free Flex SDK compiler. The argument I quoted is a complete non sequitur in this context, because most people would associate "building iPhone apps" with "all you need is $99/year and Mac with Xcode" rather than "a text editor and a server". It installs on the iPhone from a web site, then runs on the iPhone offline, complete with local data storage. Have I missed something: does this capability currently exist on the iPhone? Or this just wishful thinking? Thanks, that looks very nice. I feel a bit stupid now. But I'm also wondering how I've managed to remain completely ignorant of this alternative for deploying apps to the iPhone, when I try to follow this stuff pretty closely... I think the extended soap opera about App Store riches, unfair refusals, Section 3.3.1, etc. has managed to eclipse this deployment possibility. It's a shame, really. Everyone (incl. Apple) might be better off if the issue were less polarised. You're right. I didn't know that the HTML 5 offline app installation possibility exists on the iPhone. (It's not just a matter of reminding people -- this may need to be explained right from the basics in order to educate developers. I don't think I'm the only one who has assumed that Xcode + $99 + App Store is the only way to get an icon on the iPhone OS home screen...!) Sorry about the low-content reply. My native language is Finnish. There are plenty of dialects in Finland, and the official written form of the language is kind of an artificial synthesis of various dialect traits -- nobody really speaks written Finnish. That is, except me when I was six... My parents would go to a school meeting and the teachers and other parents would be surprised -- "Oh, you don't speak in written language like your son?". I guess I had been spending quite a bit more time with books rather than people. Steve Jobs invented digital typography thanks to a calligraphy class he briefly visited in the '70s. Without him, the only fonts in the world would be Terminal Monospace and Tasteless Serif. Can't wait for 2040, when the cycle is complete and Twitter is the new IBM. My bank statement will be much more convenient to read when it's limited to 140 characters. Sounds interesting, can you explain what you're referring to? This is starting to sound like some kind of monarchist apology -- "the King always makes the best possible decision, but sometimes his flawed underlings provide him with bad reports". Technically, Symbian is still the market leader by a comfortable margin. (The development options are fairly confusing though. For C/C++ development, the only Symbian dev avenue worth considering nowadays is "Nokia Qt SDK", which is surprisingly nice. Java seems to be essentially deprecated, but higher-level options like Python and JavaScript through Web Runtime are available.) It's impossible to tell if there's any kind of point under all this "harsh" language. I feel a bit ill after wading through this post. It's like accidentally stumbling upon hate speech. Disappointing that this got so many upvotes on HN. All I'm saying is that I don't understand why he would make his point in this manner. English is not my native language and I only use the language in work contexts, so my exposure to profanity is pretty much limited to Hollywood output. I'm probably missing something important here. (Btw -- the title has now been edited to include the author's name, but it wasn't there when I wrote my original comment. If I'd noticed that this rant is by Zed Shaw, I wouldn't have bothered trying to read it in the first place.) My humble opinion is that software is not science, but a creative solutions profession more akin to architecture or writing. It's a mystery to me why so many programmers seem to be ashamed of that. I don't see architects spending their time being envious of mathematicians. "If only we could construct buildings out of closed functions on a plane of pure ideology, where no humans would interfere..." Getting a device on Verizon's network is not a matter of the device vendor wishing it to happen. I don't see myself going out of the house for daily shopping with something like a segway. What about the option of using your feet? Learn one or two foreign languages preferably before you're twelve. The mental flexibility gained by struggling to make yourself understood using a completely different vocabulary and grammar will directly translate into an improved ability to adapt to other people's way of thinking, even when your language is the same. Sorry, but that's just nonsense. In the last three years, Nokia has: * Acquired Trolltech, makers of the Qt toolkit (basis of KDE), changed Qt's licensing to the more flexible LGPL, and opened up the Qt development model to open source contributions. * Acquired Symbian, the world's most widely distributed smartphone OS, then open-sourced the whole thing and turned it over to a non-profit foundation. * Released several versions of their Maemo mobile Linux distribution on devices like N810 and N900. * Fused Maemo with Intel's Moblin effort to create MeeGo, a unified mobile Linux for netbooks, smartphones and other mobile applications. Where's the ambivalence? I don't have a driver's licence, because I've lived most of my life in a city where I haven't felt the need for a car. What about the Ultima games, have they been entirely forgotten as well? They were certainly an important influence on Fallout. In particular, Ultima IV pioneered the concept of a computer RPG protagonist making ethical choices. Instead of "go kill the bad guy", the game simply tasked you to excel at virtues. Parts VI and VII were the first games to create a truly immersive RPG world. The non-player characters would have a life of their own: during the day they'd go to work, then enjoy a drink at the pub, and then go home to sleep. Static and inventory objects could be used together in inventive ways -- making bread was the classic example. The plot lines were well-developed and touched upon social issues. (Ultima VIII and IX were developed in 1994-99, after EA had swallowed Origin. Those games are travesties that are best forgotten.) I demand that Apple immediately censor all apps that give access to art from the world's greatest museums. As it stands, innocent children can be exposed to trash such as this gay-kissing piece in the Louvre: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Kiss_Briseis_Painter_Louvr... Apple's IDE user interface design continues to take inspiration from the best -- Microsoft Visual Studio. And it's all good. Interesting points and well-written. The title given is certainly misleading. Quite honestly I don't think I've ever experienced this feeling. I have been the "limerent object" as a teenager, though. It felt simply horrible that someone was intrusively obsessing about me for years, seemingly with no regard for how I actually felt about it. For a long time afterwards, I was convinced that "love" is a socially acceptable front for something entirely selfish which has nothing to do with communication or compassion. The aims of the projects are quite different. Cocotron is designed purely as a porting toolchain, whereas GNUstep provides a complete IDE and many other cross-platform components. This difference in philosophy becomes evident in some practical ways: * Cocotron is designed for integration as a cross-compiler within Xcode. You can literally copy your Mac app or framework target and retarget it to Windows or Linux with a few clicks in Xcode. (GNUstep also does cross-compilers in theory, but integrating with Apple's IDE is not their prime focus because GNUstep traditionally has had its own Next-derived dev environment.) * Cocotron has a minimum of dependencies and tries to be very lightweight. Its Foundation and AppKit DLLs are just a few megabytes. * Cocotron aims for a platform-native look, at least as far as possible within the constraints of Mac OS X resource and code compatibility. * Cocotron's stated goal is Cocoa compatibility. It does not have its own public API extensions, unlike GNUstep. Also from Engadget, here's a look at the MeeGo tablet UI: http://www.engadget.com/2010/06/22/meego-for-tablets-gets-a-... It's looking pretty slick for an alpha. But then again, they're building on a solid base with all the lessons learned from Maemo/N900 combined with the cutting-edge UI framework development happening in Qt. Don't be silly. Symbian is simply moving down-market. It will become Nokia's main offering in the mid-range category, which is currently dominated by "featurephone" operating systems. For a historical comparison, think of the old Symbian as Windows 3.1 and MeeGo as Windows NT. In this analogy, the new Symbian is like Windows 95: it's a low-cost solution that catches up to the state of the art in the UI department while also providing API compatibility with the same vendor's high-end operating system. (Symbian^3 and MeeGo are compatible on the API level because both use Qt. The next version of Symbian will throw away the old Symbian UI layer entirely in favour of a new one that's built entirely in Qt.) I confess that I love spending on fashion. Why wear boring shoes when Vivienne Westwood has a men's line? Apple never promised a replacement for Shake. It was just the usual Apple rumor mill at work. They bought Nothing Real for people and some technology. A few pieces from Shake were integrated into FCP and Motion, for example optical flow retiming (=smooth slowdown) and image stabilization ("SmoothCam"). For anything related to computer vision, OpenCV: http://opencv.willowgarage.com/wiki It also includes a bunch of useful generic image processing routines like scaling, convolutions, etc. This was also discussed yesterday: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1455073 Being average at many things allows you to communicate with the wide range of people who are also average at one of those things. For a startup founder, that kind of domain knowledge can be extremely useful. IMHO, highly specific expertise is overvalued by young people. Academia is the only place where specialization really shines; everywhere else you need to get along with people who don't understand your field. Are there actually any Android phones with a separate app store? It sounds like your thinking has been seeded with plenty of Android FUD. The differences between models are not as substantial as that. (If you're talking about fragmentation from the developer's point of view, don't forget that the iOS ecosystem is not immune to it either. Some iOS devices have an advanced GPU with shader support, others don't. Some devices have a camera and microphone, others don't. Many iPod touches have not been upgraded beyond the original OS release that they shipped with, because the newer version costs $20. And so on...) Insanely great? These Jobsian adjectives have suffered an inflation of Zimbabwean proportions. After some 8 arduous years of dicking around with the horribly broken Symbian/S60, Nokia finally realized in 2008 that their software process sucks and is fundamentally unable to deliver a competitive mobile app platform. Their solution was to purchase a smaller, nimbler company with a ready product, and let the subsidiary produce the user-visible framework more or less independently of the suffocating Nokia structure. After two years, they've finally shipped the first SDK which targets existing devices with the new framework. It's actually pretty nice: http://www.forum.nokia.com/Develop/Qt However, these transitions simply take a long time. Apple purchased NeXT in late 1996, and the first usable Mac OS X release appeared almost five years later. Nokia has split their "OS X moment" into two separate operating systems: Symbian^4 and MeeGo. But neither is ready yet. Meanwhile Nokia investors are getting very antsy: over the past decade, Nokia's stock has lost over 80% of its value, or something like $200 billion in market cap... If the Qt transition stumbles, heads will roll in Espoo. The HTC HD3 will probably cost nearly the same. This is one expensive phone. On top of that, mobile developers have become used to a great development environment with Xcode. Have you tried Nokia's new Qt Creator? I think it's on par with Xcode as a mobile development IDE. http://www.forum.nokia.com/Develop/Qt/ Hotel stars are fairly meaningless, unless the number of mini shampoo bottles in the bathroom is an important metric for your holiday experience. At least in Paris I've stayed in perfectly decent 2-star hotels with great location, comfortable room, free WLAN, etc. -- but of course it's best to read some reviews first. The other end of the 2-star range could well be staggeringly bad. There's another historical alternative: 5. When an old person becomes useless, drug him senseless and throw him off a cliff. Allegedly this was customary among the ancient Sardinians in pre-Roman times. The drug they used on the elderly before killing them induced a sinister grimace, giving root to the expression "sardonic grin": http://www.telegraph.co.uk/science/science-news/5344257/Myst... Even though the graphic elements are strictly 2D, the interaction can have a depth component that's not obvious in screenshots. 2D layers can be animated in 3D space, and distorted to break the flatness. The Engadget review mentions that the WP7 UI makes efficient use of a parallax effect where overlapping layers scroll at a different pace. That's a good example of a "2.5D" depth effect. What's the point of mentioning the make of her phone? Would you have been less able to contact her husband using a Samsung? But usually after two to four weeks, the project just fails. 2-4 weeks? I've been working on my current project for five years... And I still don't know whether it's really going anywhere :( But maybe I'll find out soon. My project's latest iteration is slated for release this week, after nearly two years of development. Awesome atmospheric game screens by Mark Ferrari, brilliantly translated into HTML format with the color cycling animations looking "better than ever" thanks to a nice blending effect. Does anyone know which game these screens originally come from? It's not mentioned on the site. The resolution is 640*480 at 256 colors, which is better than VGA. That would suggest something fairly recent (perhaps 1994-96). Cool. Thank you for rescuing this art from digital oblivion! Sure, but VGA only supported a palette of 16 colors at 640 * 480. Lacking an official standard, 640 * 480 with 256 colors was usually marketed as a "Super VGA" mode in the early '90s. AFAIK, Wacom has a line of affordable ( In Finland, 3000 minutes of talk time and 3000 text messages costs about 38 € on a major operator. You can often get a switcher discount to bring the price further down. There's actually a way to affect change in China, believe it or not. Unfortunately, it's not by the usual methods Americans believe to be effective (protests, marches, general upheaval, etc). If these methods are entirely ineffective, why is the Chinese government so afraid of letting the 1989 Tiananmen events be public knowledge? The N8 will cost about $500 before taxes (and without operator subsidies, i.e. unlocked). Where do you get $1000? This could be a new summary format. In Search of Lost Time: "lost youth -> melancholy adulthood" Odyssey: "angry gods -> misplaced hero" The Bible: "believe it -> live forever" Maybe he's planning to start bull fighting at the age of 690 and base jumping at the age of 695. Perhaps the RIAA can spin this into a campaign: "absence of copyright responsible for two world wars!" Strange is a word that doesn't mean very much. (My grandfather uses it a lot: for him, any food that's not obviously salty or sweet is simply "strange.") There are few things in culture that are natural or fundamental. Except for brief periods of "cultural purification" such as the Akhnaten period in Ancient Egypt and 20th century Western modernism, civilizations seem to have a tendency towards more complex artistic forms that will appear strange and arbitrary to an observer who doesn't understand the context. For example, I can't follow Japanese Noh theatre, but it's not inherently any more "difficult" than some piece in London's West End -- both require a huge amount of cultural background to be understood. I clicked on the link expecting a smartphone retrospective, but instead got "iPad will rule"... At least it was short. -- It needs to be pointed out that the Treo/Blackberry form factor was not the only one - or even the dominant one, globally - before 2007. The all-touchscreen phone was pioneered by Ericsson starting in 2000... Ericsson R380: http://www.geek.com/hwswrev/pda/ericr380/index.htm Sony Ericsson P900: http://www.gsmarena.com/sony_ericsson_p900-544.php Nokia has been making "micro-laptop" style smartphones since 1996: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_Communicator The standard phone keypad is still the world's best-selling smartphone form factor since 2002: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_7650 A company called MyOrigo introduced a buttonless touchscreen smartphone with accelerometer controls in 2003: http://www.mobileburn.com/review.jsp?Id=547 IMHO, these devices ought to have a place in any smartphone retrospective. Where's the Apple bashing in my reply? Where did I not give credit? I was just trying to say that a "smartphone retrospective" ought to include some more information than merely: "Well, we had the Treo, and then 2007 happened." -- Btw, do you notice that your "it didn't exist before, and people said it wouldn't work" line of argument applies equally well to the devices I mentioned... 1996 / Nokia: "Who wants a small laptop crammed inside a phone?" 2000 / Ericsson: "A phone needs real hardware keys. This touchscreen stuff won't work." 2003 / MyOrigo: "Sensors on a phone? That's useless." Are these innovations worthless? Am I the only one here who finds the dailywtf sometimes extremely depressing?! My feeling about DailyWTF is similar to visiting an art exhibition with paintings done by an unguided community class. The whole thing is clearly driven by a fundamental need to create something, and many of the exhibited works demonstrate an intoxicating thrill of getting something finished... But at the same time they make it clear why that thrill alone isn't a good enough reason for the work to be shown in public. I think that Atkinson probably thought that roundrects would be a useless addition that would bloat the library. (Remember, the entire Mac OS and applications needed to fit in 128K!) It's easier to dismiss something as "entirely too hard" than to get into an argument about whether it's worth implementing. David Moser's essay Why Chinese Is So Damn Hard [1] has an amusing and enlightening passage about this "character amnesia". I have seen highly literate Chinese people forget how to write certain characters in common words like "tin can", "knee", "screwdriver", "snap" (as in "to snap one's fingers"), "elbow", "ginger", "cushion", "firecracker", and so on. And when I say "forget", I mean that they often cannot even put the first stroke down on the paper. Can you imagine a well-educated native English speaker totally forgetting how to write a word like "knee" or "tin can"? Or even a rarely-seen word like "scabbard" or "ragamuffin"? I was once at a luncheon with three Ph.D. students in the Chinese Department at Peking University, all native Chinese (one from Hong Kong). I happened to have a cold that day, and was trying to write a brief note to a friend canceling an appointment that day. I found that I couldn't remember how to write the character 嚔, as in da penti 打喷嚔 "to sneeze". I asked my three friends how to write the character, and to my surprise, all three of them simply shrugged in sheepish embarrassment. Not one of them could correctly produce the character. Now, Peking University is usually considered the "Harvard of China". Can you imagine three Ph.D. students in English at Harvard forgetting how to write the English word "sneeze"?? [1] http://pinyin.info/readings/texts/moser.html It's called "embrace and extend". The phrase was coined by some other company than Apple, though -- I forget, but they were big in the '90s... Just curious: why did you not sue the client who did the fraudulent chargeback? Was he/she located in another country? Alternatively, it's another shiny new toy to prevent kids from developing concentration and the ability to focus on anything that doesn't have self-illumination and a constant stream of animated effects. Completely OT, but I love the icons in Figure 2. I'm getting a serious case of early '90s nostalgia just looking at them. Like you say, 3D matrix transforms are already included in the low-level graphics APIs that are increasingly being used to accelerate element compositing in modern browsers. So why not make this functionality available to web content creators through CSS? When you're on the GPU, rendering a quad with plain old scale+translate is just as fast as rendering it with a full 3D transform (with the important twist of potentially increased texture sampling and edge antialiasing requirements, of course). S60 (Nokia's nasty UI layer for Symbian) is very much dead. The next version of Symbian will remove S60 completely and replace it with a fully Qt-based UI. "Qt might be a good attempt, but someone should write a visually attractive (think Apple's animation library) and highly polished common stuff (Apple's attention to details), like contact list, settings, etc. They think a community will do the work, but that will never happen. No one would like to do a boring task for free." Luckily Nokia has done the work you describe. It's called "Qt UI Extensions for Mobile". He doesn't pay taxes to Finland because he's not living in Finland. (Only certain countries like the USA tax their non-resident citizens.) I had actually misinterpreted the title as implicating that the users are the inmates. That is, I assumed it means the following: when you're building software, you have to accept that the users are the ones "living" in it. Even if the users are bat-crazy, you need to build them an asylum that makes them feel like they're running the show, rather than treat them like inmates to be subdued. Depends on a lot of other factors. In 1989, Apple enjoyed huge profits from the Mac. The management at the time made the wrong decision to focus on profits at the expense of marketshare. Actually these new Chrome fonts (Tinos, Arimo and Cousine) are the Liberation fonts. Exact same design, but a larger glyph set. Heh. I always assumed that the name of the currency, real, has the meaning "royal". Instead, it's literally the same as the English word. What an interesting story. Have any other governments suffering from high inflation tried this? Instead of calling it a fictional unit, they could also just use an existing currency like the euro for the transitional period, then switch to a new national currency that has an initial exchange rate of 1:1 against the euro. (I'm picking the euro because it has a fairly neutral image, with over 20 countries using it already.) I haven't read the book, but I've seen the new movie Enter the Void by Gaspar Noé, which pretends to be a kind of dramatization of the Tibetan post-death myth. One of the most unique films I've ever seen. Reminds me of P.A. Semi, the embedded PowerPC design company bought by Apple in 2008. Obviously Apple had no intention of using PPC anymore, so their product was discontinued. P.A. Semi had 150 engineers, and Apple paid $278 million for the company. That's about $1.85MM per head. Seems to match the Powerset story pretty well! One of the big differences is that iOS devices have hardware accelerated graphics. You don't really notice how weak transitions and animations are on Android until you get used to using an iPhone. It's a subtle difference, but it's real and it makes a difference. It's weird that Android still doesn't have this. Even tired old Symbian is now using GPU acceleration for display compositing... From the article: "Symbian may be the largest phone operating system in the world by marketshare, but its free fall is approaching terminal velocity." I know it looks that way from the American perspective, but globally Symbian is still very much holding its own. Nokia, Symbian's corporate daddy and only remaining serious user, is selling more smartphones each quarter and increasing marketshare. That does not justify such hyberbole as "free fall at terminal velocity". (iSuppli reported 11.6% growth for Nokia/Symbian in Q2 2010: http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/news/2010/10/isuppli-smartpho... ) I know the next argument: you're not talking about last quarter's numbers, but an impending implosion of Symbian under the onslaught of Android... Well, so far that's just speculation. Nokia has managed to hold its global marketshare for over a decade against both big Western competitors and nimble Chinese copycats. They seem to know something about this market. For what it's worth, Nokia is predicting that 50 million smartphones with the latest Symbian^3 platform will be sold next year. That's on top of cheaper units running Symbian^1 or even older variants. These devices are not iPhone killers or any other such nonsense, but they're well built and usable. They will keep selling by the millions in countries where Nokia has a strong brand and people know how much they're paying for their phone, unlike the U.S. where the phone's real price is hidden in an exorbitantly overpriced wireless contract. (I can't believe people regularly pay $80+ / month for their mobile over there...) You make a fair point about the app ecosystem. It has been horribly broken on Symbian for years (at least since they stopped allowing unsigned apps sometime around 2004). Nokia has recently made strides to improve things by concentrating on Qt as the toolkit of choice across the board and streamlining the Ovi Store for developers, but it still has a a long way to go. But note that my post didn't mention apps, and neither did the original article. I wanted to offer a counterpoint to the popular American notion that Symbian will vanish any day now. Regardless of the app ecosystem, that won't happen with Nokia shipping hundreds of millions of Symbian handsets over the next years. (BTW, what's your beef with S40 [which is not Symbian-based]? As far as featurephones go, I find S40 quite tolerable. It's the Symbian S60 lineage that really sucks UI-wise...) If my life were on the line, I would absolutely go for the business->coding transition. The odds of success are so much better. Learning programming is ultimately a matter of studying hard. It can be mastered through books, Google and relentless solitary experimentation. Making people pay for something is a fickle social art. Who wants to get shot for failing at something so intangible? Waiting for Oracle to become Sibyl Corporation... Kinder, gentler, more feminine. In Finland, 30 vacation days / year is the legal minimum for full-time employment, not counting bank holidays. (There's an additional provision that's a bit strange: the employee has to be able to use at least 24 of those vacation days in May-September. I think this law is a remnant from the agricultural society of the mid-20th century, when people in the cities actually needed those vacation days specifically in the Summer so that they could return to the countryside to help their families in farm work.) Site doesn't seem to work in Chrome 7 on Mac OS X 10.6 -- or maybe I just couldn't figure out how to use it. It looks like Nokia now expects [1] most MeeGo apps to be written using Qt Quick: http://qt.nokia.com/products/qt-quick/ Qt Quick is a very high-level toolkit for touchscreen UI design. Instead of native C++ code, Qt Quick apps are written in JavaScript and QML, a declarative UI language. This solves the problem of supporting multiple architectures without needing a recompile -- at least for those apps which are simple enough to not require a C++ component. QML is actually pretty cool. IMHO it's lightyears ahead of the clunky XML widget declaration specifications like the one used by Android, for instance. -- [1] Nokia recently announced that Qt Quick is going to be their preferred toolkit for both internal development and 3rd parties, on both Symbian and MeeGo. (They were heading for some seriously silly internal fragmentation by having incompatible Qt-based toolkits on the two platforms, so standardizing on Qt Quick is a relief.) But would Apple allow such a utility on the Mac App Store? It seems to me that silencing the startup sound is essentially tampering with the Apple-designed user experience, which may not be looked kindly upon. (Also, it seems like the kind of thing that may require private API access, which is explicitly forbidden on the Mac App Store.) Well, sure. But I think it's telling that the only mentioned example of a Mac app that would benefit from this "iOSization" is one that so clearly breaks the iOS walled garden model. You make it sound like there's a choice between whether the country should be run by "ignorant peasants" or "smart people looking after everyone's interests". Maybe it's not in the best interests of the country to have 700 million peasants? Most Western countries have about 2% of population employed in agriculture. Can China continue to keep its agricultural population politically stuck in the early 20th century? The Mac App Store has the following rule: "Apps must be self-contained, single application installation bundles, and cannot install code or resources in shared locations." I don't see how the utility in question could be a single app bundle (no daemon, no startup script, etc.) and still perform its job of muting the volume on startup. Maybe QtWebKit? http://doc.trolltech.com/4.7/qtwebkit.html It's still C++, but a lot more pleasant to deal with than Gecko, at least... I'm going to launch a side project of mine that I've been working on since May. It's a somewhat ambitious Mac OS X application, and with no-one to keep me in check, the design has become -- sprawling, to say the least... To improve the odds of ever launching it, I've decided on a single use case that determines my "MVP". As soon as the app can be used to build that demo, I'm going to launch it as a free alpha. Last week, I actually shipped a minimalist iPad application (it's a port of a Mac app that I wrote way back in 2002): http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/turtledoveland/id399324585?mt... Luckily it was approved on the App Store on the last days of October, so I can't use its release as an excuse to cop out of "Launch An App November" ;) Kafka on the Shore by Haruki Murakami Histoire d'O by Pauline Réage My Life in Art by Constantin Stanislavski (This one seems to be taking me forever, even though it's entertaining. Biographies are not really my thing.) I don't understand why people think Flash itself is somehow responsible for content that is CPU-intensive (as evidenced by the number of upvotes on your comment). Flash is a Turing-complete runtime that executes 3rd party content, and the environment that hosts Flash doesn't place any restrictions on how much resources it can use. With such liberties, it's completely expected that some people will produce banner ads that consume 99% of CPU time. CSS+JavaScript has the same exact problem, so getting rid of Flash wouldn't solve anything. (You may think it does because you're running a Flash blocker, but that's just because the offending content producers haven't migrated to your preferred solution yet.) What elements would you like to have? Almost everyone says "two times faster" when they mean "twice as fast". This is clearly wrong, but how can we ever hope to fix this? A billion-dollar public awareness campaign? Re-education camps? Please let me know, I can support the cause by wearing your T-shirt. We could also grumble something vague about how weird it is that a platform which makes such a big deal about its openness is being developed with such a 100% opaque model that we must resort to wild speculation to discuss a major update that's supposedly just a few days away. Maybe Osborne effect? Indeed. 22M € is not a lot of money compared to ongoing handset development tracks within Nokia that will keep the market flooded with Symbian devices for the next few years, even if nobody particularly wants them in 2012. (Nokia has recently introduced new devices with Symbian S60 3rd Edition -- that was their cutting-edge smartphone OS in 2006! They run a slow-moving ship...) By the way, the EU-funded Symbian-centric research project is aimed at embedded devices. I don't think it will produce anything that benefits handsets much... Some research kids in Eindhoven and Helsinki will manage to load Symbian onto some kitchen gadget, connect it to a vacuum cleaner over Bluetooth, and the result will be presented as "Euro-Home 3.0: Vision of an interconnected domicile" at some Symbian conference in 2015. Everyone involved will be pleased with such concrete outcome from this ambitiously forward-looking international research project. The author argues that in 20 years, humanity will be capturing most of its so-called content, and for that reason he's disappointed that he wasn't allowed to record a private conference. I wonder if he would accept the following argument: "In 20 years, humanity will be so sexually liberated that everybody will have naked pictures of themselves on Facebook / Assbook / whatever. Hence it's perfectly OK if I shoot clandestine videos of guys in the gym showers and sell the movies to a porn site." Scandinavia and the Netherlands are easy destinations for Americans. Ordinary people speak good English for the most part, and even those who claim not to speak English actually understand the language quite well (mostly thanks to decades of exposure to subtitled American TV shows). At least here in Finland, English has become the de facto working language at many companies and university departments. Nowadays there is almost always at least one non-Finn in any team, and nobody assumes that foreigners would ever learn Finnish. In large European countries like Germany and France, it's still often assumed that you'll adapt to their language and way of thinking (the French in particular will take it for granted that you're there to absorb the radiant glow of their superior cultural heritage ;)). Northern Europe is also pretty good for finding IT jobs. Finland has Nokia, Sweden has Ericsson, Netherlands has Philips, Norway has... lots of oil money, I guess. And Denmark is simply a fun place. Take your pick ;) AFAIK, iTunes movie rentals are still not available outside USA and UK. This could be the launch of global movie rentals. That would explain the Euro-friendly timing of the announcement (7 am California, 4 pm Paris). Thanks -- scratch that theory then. Dysfunctional working environments are found everywhere, but they are not alike. You'd find quite different approaches in US, Japan, Italy and Sweden, for example. In all these countries, the operating environments of corporations are essentially similar on paper, but the praxis is totally different due to local factors and history (e.g. the state of the society when modernization began). I agree with other commenters that "Europe" is not such a culturally homogenous region that this generalization would be warranted, though. GNUStep is LGPL, which is less strict that GPL. Applications can link dynamically to LGPL libraries without needing to adopt the license. Interesting question. Personally I find my work to be fairly similar to a writer's, in that my prime responsibility is to produce something interesting for an audience. Nobody will hold me liable for the means I've used to get there. So, like many authors, I'm not averse to having a few drinks while working late at night. This guy is named as the inventor on the patent application: http://no.linkedin.com/pub/lars-petter-endresen/0/6ab/390 For an insight into what happens to Symbian now, here are the short notes from the Symbian Foundation's last meeting: http://developer.symbian.org/wiki/2010-11-24_All_councils_wr... After Dec 17, the Symbian Foundation retains only a skeleton crew tasked with shutting down operations. -- Nokia's representative made the following points about their plans for Symbian going forward: - The Symbian platform remains business critical to Nokia and their estimate of selling >50m S^3-based devices still holds - Nokia plan to develop the Symbian platform further - Nokia are looking at an alternate open and direct model for making the platform available to the community in future. The aim is that the model "will be no less open, free and flexible" than today's Photoshop is a cross-platform app. They can't use Mac features if there's no guarantee that they'll be able to provide a pixel-perfect matching rendering on Windows, or vice versa. This is a very practical concern because PSDs are regularly opened and edited by users who may not be on the same platform as the original creator. (For example, a designer creates a document on Windows, then sends it to a print house where they need to open it on a Mac.) It just wasn't meant to be. You seem to be taking one journalist's opinion pretty seriously... No SDK for Windows or OSX? Forget about the old Linux-only Maemo SDK. The Nokia Qt SDK is what you want: http://qt.nokia.com Site looks great. I love the balance of the frontpage design; the alignment and weighting of the elements is relaxing on the eyes. Quite honestly, it took me a while before I understood what the product does. I don't have a Twitter or Facebook account, and I'm coming to realize how hopelessly out of touch that makes me... Hence the idea of paying real money every month so I could have a robot regularly broadcast canned 140-character statements on my behalf seems, well, a bit crazy. But that's my problem, not yours. Don't get scared off by the Pie in the Sky Software logo that's set in freaking Comic Sans . This retrospective article is very much worth your while if you're interested in learning about how small software business worked in the '90s. It's well-written, amusing, and there are also valuable insights about how to do live tech support for a complex product. Of course blocks also requires runtime support. The compiler is useless without a matching runtime library. Is there a production-quality "C-with-blocks" runtime available for other platforms than OS X? Radi is a side project of mine that has kept me occupied for the better part of 2010. I'm very happy to finally have it in a half-presentable state, just in time for 2011! What's that they say about the first release -- "if you're not embarrassed, you waited too long?" Well, this is that one for me :) It's scary to put this app out there to the whole world in its current condition, but I feel like I've reached a dead-end. There are too many directions in which this app could be developed. I need to cut down on the abstract ambition and start focusing on some real-world use cases. For that, I desperately need your help! What's your biggest need in the world of HTML5 content creation? Do you see a path for this app to be developed into the tool that would fit your needs? Thanks for any input, and (slightly prematurely) a great 2011 for everyone on HN! I appreciate this community enormously. -- A few words about the technical details of this app... Although the app targets HTML publishing, the compositing core doesn't actually use any kind of browser engine like WebKit. Instead, it's a node-based GPU-accelerated compositing system of my own devising. Layers and effects are rendered using OpenGL. Because there's no browser engine, there's also no browser-style DOM available in Radi. I've written private implementations of the relevant JavaScript APIs, primarily Canvas. The JavaScript engine used is WebKit's JavaScriptCore, a.k.a. Nitro in its current accelerated incarnation. The app is native Cocoa, but it's written in a way that's fairly portable. (From my other projects I already have a large part of the core ported to Windows+Direct3D.) Yeah, I completely see what you mean. That's pretty much what I meant by "abstract ambition" in my original post. I feel like I've spent a fair bit of time building modules that are generic enough to be the basis for a few different apps, but the whole doesn't yet do anything specific well enough. That's why I felt like I need to release this sooner rather than later. It would be appealing to go on polishing the app for an imaginary customer who happens to be just like me (my other application, Conduit Live, went down that drain)... But it's healthier to face criticism and try to figure out if there's some potential customer group(s) out there that I didn't anticipate. FWIW, I feel like there might be something interesting to be done in the intersection between realtime graphics and video on the web. Flash has a lot of cool technology, but nowadays you need to be a coder to take advantage of the new stuff like Pixel Bender shaders or the Alchemy compiler -- Adobe seems to have "outgrown" the designer audience who originally made Flash a success, and I think that's a mistake. Re: your points about Radi -- there's a big hole in the publishing functionality currently, it doesn't export all keyframes. Sorry about that, I'm hoping to fix that ASAP. The keyframing UI is not very well thought out, and needs a lot more work. To make polygon shapes, choose "Draw Shape" from the toolbar and click away in the viewer. There's no exposed way to limit the shapes' visibility in the timeline either (internally there's a concept of empty keyframes same as in Flash, but it's not in the UI). Thanks so much for the insightful comments! I know what you mean by the happy/terrifying timeline :) I thought hard whether it would be misleading to make the timeline look so similar, especially when it doesn't have the same functionality at this point, and the quirkiness of Flash keyframing has been such a source of frustration to users. But I decided that the big elements need to have a certain familiarity in order to make the app's purpose more obvious at a glance. (I guess it would be the same if I was making a photo editor: there are some UI conventions that are clearly outdated but people expect them from years of Photoshopping.) There is a document-level scripting environment, but it's not exposed to layers yet -- the JavaScript hooks to the compositing system don't exist yet, and the UI to tie it together with the timeline has not been designed. The way Flash implemented this is clearly pretty nasty, so I'd like to come up with something a bit cleaner, hopefully. Re: the script editor command line -- it does print out eval results without wrapping them in sys.trace (so if you type "2+3" or "Object.keys(sys)", you get the expected printout -- unless of course I've broken that at some point without noticing). But clearly that UI leaves a lot to be desired. I'd like to do something about those floating panels anyway, so maybe I'll get to redesign the script editor at that point. Just wanted to point out that, to me, that sounds like an anti-feature. Maybe it's a nice alternative tool for quick, smooth shapes, but I've watched many an illustrator tweak the hell out of those things to get exactly the right curves and sharp angles. Right. I know that illustrators love their Bézier handles, but I'm not 100% convinced that everybody else loves them all that much. I used to do graphics for a living, and I never felt very comfortable with Béziers (although that was also because my style was pretty much opposite to sharp vector designs). The Radi curve engine does support Béziers, but implementing the UI for managing the control points seemed like a complete drag (what a terrible pun). So I figured that maybe I should try doing what Apple does so well: market the "anti-feature" as something new and unique. No handles -> less UI complexity -> ??? -> profit! I was also inspired by 3D modelling applications, where a lot of work is done with subdivision surfaces which are controlled by automatic control points, essentially similar to the curves in Radi. I know there was an older generation of modelling apps with free-floating handles, and I get the impression that modellers are happy to be rid of those (but maybe I'm wrong about this one). That sounds like a very reasonable avenue to explore. I've done a fair amount of work with dataflow UIs in the past, and it sounds like this could be an opportunity to leverage that work. To illustrate, here's a sample screenshot from my other product, Conduit Live (a video compositing app): http://lacquer.fi/images/cl2_screenshot_drowned_3.jpg This kind of "connect-the-blocks" interface could work for describing the data loads and transformations in your use case. What do you think? Well, of course the real reason is simply that I wanted to make use of the stuff that I already had written, which consisted primarily of a fast compositing engine with JavaScript hooks. (I'm not one of those people who want to start from scratch for each project.) But I do think there is a solid case for this approach. Consider something like image filters and applying them to video. If the authoring UI were implemented in WebKit, I don't know how I could get realtime responsiveness for video manipulation. Now it's no problem in Radi because the rendering bottleneck to produce actual browser-playable content only happens upon publishing. Being on the native side gives me a theoretical edge when it comes to new browser features -- I'm thinking of something like visual effects which may be supported only by Mozilla but not WebKit, or vice versa. Not being married with a specific engine could be an advantage. It's worth mentioning that Radi does actually use WebKit to render the content in HTML layers. So you can place custom HTML within a document, and it's rendered with browser-style text antialiasing within the app. (It's not dynamic, though -- just a snapshot of the HTML rendering.) Just a quick note that I made an update to version 0.5.1: http://radiapp.com/news Thank you all so much for the encouraging comments! Just an update on my HTML5 content creation app (previous discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2040844 ). This version is taking some baby steps towards interactivity. You can now create event handlers in the UI, and there's a starting point for the required scene-level glue. (You can find a sample with some basic buttons affecting a canvas object on the linked page.) I'd be very interested in your comments on these features -- now that I still have the opportunity to change it if it's going in the wrong direction... Mickey is an actively used character in European-drawn Disney comics. He's usually either a serious detective protagonist, or just a friend of Donald or Goofy. For all his detective skills, he somehow has never figured out that Goofy is the same person as Super-Goofy (there is a peanut plant in Goofy's backyard that turns him into a Superman-style hero). Actually MIPS was the original architecture target for NT (the DEC Alpha didn't exist yet when they started). In fact I don't understand why they didn't integrate App Store in iTunes. The App Store installs itself as the second-highest icon on your Dock, just after the Finder. That's an amazingly prominent placement. Remember that most people will be getting the Mac App Store unwittingly as part of the Mac OS X 10.6.6 update. If they didn't have a separate Dock icon for it, those people would never find out it exists. I'm impressed with the Mac App Store so far. Pretty bold of Apple to push it so prominently onto every Mac user's Dock as part of a point update to the operating system. My little landscape generator app, Turtledoveland , is currently at #5 on the Top Paid list for the Graphics & Design category. I'll be sure to let HN know what kind of sales numbers that actually means, once the numbers come in... Nope -- apps have to be self-contained .app bundles, and it's not permitted to write anything into shared operating system folders (which would be necessary to install a screensaver). Apple is strictly enforcing that rule, too. My app was at first rejected for violating it. The specific reason given was: The application is creating files or writing to and It turns out that my app had nothing to do with this -- the responsible party was the IKPictureTaker class in ImageKit, which I was using to provide the "take a photo" functionality. To Apple's credit, they made it very easy to email a real person about the rejection. When I explained that ImageKit is responsible, the rejection was rescinded within a day. Yesterday I promised [1] to tell HN about the sales of my app on the Mac App Store. This blog post exclusively opens the business secret kimono to reveal the riches I shall make from selling $1 image generator apps. (Spoiler: not likely.) [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2076077 You think I'm making that much from my one-man video software operation? Sorry to disappoint you :P I don't have access to anyone else's data. Apple only publishes relative sales rankings, as in: "sixth highest-selling app in category XYZ". (Apple has also told us that there were a million downloads during the first day, but that's even less useful than my number...) That's why I felt that there is some general interest in publishing these numbers, as it gives other developers an idea of what level of sales is actually taking place on the Mac App Store. At least I find it interesting to know that ~100 units / day is enough for a solid position on the Top Paid list in the Graphics & Design category. I was born in Finland in 1980. My childhood was seemingly the polar opposite of this so-called "Chinese mom" model. I never had a guided hobby or one that would have been forced upon me, except for one time when I was six years old. (My parents enrolled me in a children's ballet class. Presumably they thought that it would be good for my body consciousness, or something. After six months I asked them if I had to do it. They said "no", so I quit, and that was that.) Instead I was encouraged to come up with my own activities. I always felt that my parents had great expectations of me, but at the same time they were careful to never actively formulate those expectations into action points. That gave me a sense of responsibility: I knew I was just a child, but at the same time I had been entrusted the serious responsibility of deciding what I should do with my life. Should it include modern art or maybe egyptology? The best way to figure that out was to read books about it. If my parents didn't have a suitable book, I could always walk a few blocks to the library. My friends' lives had a similar degree of liberty. I don't remember us ever minding homework; it was something you could take care of in 15 minutes -- or the next morning at school, if you were feeling lucky. Probably the general atmosphere in Finland in the 1980s played a role in making my childhood such a happy one. In retrospect, those were the "halcyon days" when the Finnish social democracy was complemented by an upstart liberalization drive that pulled the country out of the Brezhnevian gloom and stagnation of the '70s. The fun didn't last long: in 1991, the Soviet Union collapsed and pulled Finland into a recession, as the Finnish economy had become too reliant on ridiculously profitable exports to the bankrupt Soviet empire. The social(ist) ambience never really recovered. When you need to port a large C/C++ codebase that is already compatible with "1987 event loops", yes, it's pretty awesome to be able to do this natively instead of having to wrap it in Java boilerplate and performing marshalling between the two environments. The lack of globalCompositeOperation in IE9's Canvas implementation is a pretty serious limitation. It seems to come down to the limitations of Direct2D, which doesn't seem to support any other compositing operations except source-over, a.k.a. "normal alpha blending". This is fairly surprising when taking into account that Direct2D is a very new graphics API (it shipped in Windows 7)... I think the root cause is that Microsoft's graphics APIs have long evolved in a different direction compared to everyone else. Make no mistake, Microsoft is a very important force in graphics because they control Direct3D, and that has placed them at the vanguard of high-performance accelerated 3D graphics. Direct2D seems to mostly take design influence from Direct3D. One of its explicit goals is to provide 2D utility graphics for Direct3D games -- stuff like HUD displays for games. The traditional "Porter-Duff" compositing operators (i.e. the blending modes missing from Direct2D) are not very useful in this environment, so instead Direct2D concentrates on "game-like" stuff like high-level geometry objects. In contrast, the other major browsers use graphics APIs that fundamentally derive from the Adobe school of print-oriented graphics, where an image is built from low-level immediate mode operators. Think PostScript and PDF. The original Canvas JavaScript implementation shipped in Mac OS X 10.4 to support Dashboard widgets. Canvas was just a paper-thin wrapper over Apple's Quartz API, which in turn was essentially a royalty-free implementation of the PDF graphics model (before Quartz, Apple/NeXT were licensing Display PostScript from Adobe). I think Mozilla's Canvas implementation uses Cairo, which is an open-source library heavily modelled after PDF and Quartz. Chrome uses their home-grown Skia, which is also very similar. Poor Microsoft. If they had taken the opportunity in 2004, they could have easily dictated a simple web graphics standard that would have played to the strengths of the accelerated graphics API that they control. But instead they were busy building giant fortresses of proprietary APIs like the dead-end Windows Presentation Foundation, and now they're having trouble implementing something as superficially simple as Canvas. IMHO, most of the Porter-Duff compositing operations are fairly useless. There is a nice mathematical purity to the model from which these operations are derived, but that's also their weakness: they are based on an ultra-simplistic abstraction instead of real world use cases. Punching out alpha mattes in various ways just isn't very interesting in practice. Porter and Duff can be forgiven because the "real world" didn't exist when they designed this model in the early '80s. At the time, a frame buffer add-on to a computer could cost as much as a car...! When designing a modern graphics API, I think it would be more useful to look at the operations that people are actually familiar with, e.g. Photoshop blending modes, and design the interface to match those expectations. Who really cares, as long as they're not infringing copyrights? This site design may have been tested to work for attracting their audience and converting interested eyeballs into sales. They are not selling a continuous service or "lifestyle" product, so I'm not sure if they would benefit from having a site with a unique visual identity. At $349, the Corona SDK is not a cheap product in a world where most development kits have become free... Looking like Apple may be just the simplest way of reassuring their customers that they're getting something that fits the Mac development environment like a glove. Bertrand Serlet was already at NeXT. He designed Workspace Manager, so he must have been there since around 1988. I think that makes Serlet one of Jobs's most long-term colleagues. His deep experience of software evolution processes may be one of Apple's most underestimated assets. The NeXT platform has gone through seven different CPU architectures (by my count) and an enormous API merger with the Mac OS, yet shows no signs of getting bogged down. Most other companies can't seem to manage an operating system for even a decade before it loses its momentum under feature bloat and internal fighting over direction (c.f. Windows Vista, Symbian). (edit -- I initially wrote that Serlet designed Interface Builder for NeXT, but that was another Frenchman, Jean-Marie Hullot.) The only way to do productive Symbian development in a non-deprecated environment is to use Qt. Run away from anything that says "Symbian" but isn't Qt. The latest Symbian ships with a version of Qt (4.6.3) that isn't the cutting edge, but is good enough. In typical Nokia manner, they've managed to make a dog's dinner of the SDK options: there's a regular Qt SDK, a Nokia-branded Qt SDK, a Symbian^3 SDK, a technology preview of Qt 4.7 for Symbian, etcetera ad absurdum. AFAIK, the "Nokia Qt SDK" is the one you want. (If you make the mistake of choosing the wrong download and ask about it in the forums, prepare for condescending replies from Nokia employees who seemingly can't come to grips with the idea that they should provide a service to developers. I hope the new management will be able to do something about the innovation-hostile, inbred, not-invented-here cultural factions at Nokia.) - - Despite the confusing options and cultural issues, the Nokia QT SDK is really quite nice. There are a few other very good things about the new Symbian^3 platform: - It has GPU acceleration as a standard, so you can rely on advanced features like OpenGL ES 2.0. - The platform is more than merely a single high-end device. There's a very nice mid-range option available already (the C6-01). The total sales of this platform should turn out quite impressive over its lifetime. - Nokia has promised to ship new features as free updates to Symbian^3, rather than baking them into firmware on new devices only as they used to do. AFAIK, these updates will include Qt 4.7 and a rewritten browser. - - Unfortunately, Nokia is also shipping devices with the older Symbian versions. Qt is also the best way to write software for these platforms. There's a "Qt Smart Installer" that is sort of a package manager. It's supposed to ensure that 3rd party applications can easily depend on Qt by simply packaging the Smart Installer with their apps. I don't know how well it works in practice, but if the alternative is to write to the crusty old Symbian C++ API, I'd take my chances with Smart Installer any day... [HN meta] Btw, why is the parent comment being ranked as the second-to-last? It's got enough upvotes and discussion that, intuitively, it should be higher. Has something changed about the HN comment ranking algorithm lately? [/HN meta] I like Cocotron (another open source Cocoa implementation) because it integrates into Xcode. No separate makefiles to maintain for my Windows or Linux builds, just another target in the same project as the original Mac version. (I realize that cross-compiling to Windows from the Mac is not what the original post is about -- just thought someone might be interested in that option as well.) What's the point of philosophy? (photographical question) Trivia: actually "NS" stands for "NeXT & Sun". Old NeXT classes had an NX* prefix. (There are still a few of those lingering in Cocoa.) The NS prefix was adopted as part of the NextStep -> OpenStep transition around 1993, when Sun was planning to use OpenStep as their main desktop environment. That never happened because soon Sun got Java religion and dumped OpenStep. "Android is now the most common operating system for heavily subsidized/free phones" The iPhone is also heavily subsidized. Almost nobody pays the $600+ full price for an iPhone in any market globally. I get your point, but this wording makes it seem like you're trying a bit too hard to paint Android as "cheap junk that doesn't sell on its own merits". In the '70s, telefax probably was thought of as a revolutionary communications technology because of its relative instancy. Think of Solzhenitsyn, the Russian author who eventually won the Nobel prize. Once he lost favor of the ruling party, the KGB started confiscating his manuscripts. His master work, the Gulag Archipelago , consisted of seven parts that he never saw together because the pages were hidden at his friends' places. The book was smuggled in pieces to France to be assembled and printed there. That was little more than 40 years ago. In that environment, the ability to transmit book pages and images over a telephone wire must have seemed like a remarkable improvement compared to spending years hiding manuscripts in the hope of eventually being able to get them out through someone. Nokia suffers from the mythical man-month. They've only recently discovered that throwing 6,000 engineers at Symbian didn't make it better. Software development is not a core competency (or even a competency) at that company. It's just not. I'm not surprised that about half of tampere left, they are going to be hard hit by this. They should be.. the quality of the work just hasn't cut it. That's the honest truth. When Nokia opened the Symbian code three years ago, it offered a peek into their software development process... And it wasn't a pretty sight. I used to spend a fair bit of idle time browsing through the Symbian Foundation wikis and forums (all now offline). It seemed that there were basically two kinds of people working on the operating system. The guys in England, who used to work for Symbian Ltd, were pretty smart but arrogant; in old-school programmer style, they were only concerned with managing some extremely narrow domain and couldn't take any criticism. Then there were the Finns at Nokia, who were either completely uninterested and oblivious to the world around them, or just obviously incompetent at the job they'd been given. An example of the latter was the "Direct UI" proposal in 2009. It was supposed to outline a completely new touch UI paradigm to ship in Symbian^4. All there was was a few pages in broken English that essentially said "it should be like iPhone because touching stuff is cool". Unsurprisingly, Symbian^4 was canned last October after years of development. I'd like to know who had made the decision to put the same people who had mismanaged the previous S60 user interface in charge of creating the replacement... But that's how it went at Nokia. No one ever lost their job for screwing up the software -- until now. Goodbye old Nokia. You will be missed. By whom? The old Nokia was a terrible software company, with so many abject failures at creating platforms (Symbian, N-Gage, Ovi, etc.) that I don't think anyone else in this business can compare. It's a good thing that they're getting out of software and concentrating on stuff they're actually good at. A success by what metric? As a platform, surely not. The wheels came off by the end of 2008 when S60 5th Edition went touch-only, leaving keyboard devices still shipping with the hopelessly outdated 3rd Edition. Symbian touch devices never gained any platform traction. Was it a success as a software foundation upon which handset makers could innovate, as had been the original idea behind Symbian? No. Everyone that used Symbian abandoned it for more flexible alternatives. The lack of a unified UI development track didn't lead to the hoped innovation, but merely fragmentation that ultimately doomed Symbian. (It didn't help that the most popular UI layer, Nokia's S60, was so poorly designed and thoroughly mismanaged.) I actually use a Symbian^3 device, the Nokia N8. It's not bad at all. I love the physical design, and the software works fine for what I do (although the browser is a turd, it's replaceable by the fine Opera). Still, I can't escape the feeling that this is the OS that Nokia should have had over two years ago. Also, it's a development dead end. Symbian^4 was supposed to be a UI rewrite, but it failed. The promised improvements to S^3 have been slow in coming. (Still no Qt 4.7...!) How is Symbian a success at this point? What reason would Elop -- or anyone else -- have to believe that the existing software development structure at Nokia could substantially improve this situation? No, that's a misunderstanding. The C1 and its ilk are not Symbian devices. Most of Nokia's cheap phones are on the Series 40 platform, which is a closed "non-smart" OS (that has nevertheless grown some fairly smart features recently, like QWERTY keyboards and a HTML browser). Symbian by Nokia comes in three flavours: - Symbian^3, the latest and greatest -- e.g. the E7: http://www.forum.nokia.com/Devices/Device_specifications/E7-... - Symbian^1, the previous touchscreen Symbian version (a.k.a. S60 5th Edition): http://www.forum.nokia.com/Devices/Device_specifications/C5-... - Symbian S60 3rd Edition, still used on keyboard devices: http://www.forum.nokia.com/Devices/Device_specifications/E72 This is my take on a certain tech business alliance announced Feb 11... It seems obvious to the HN readership that integrating Maemo and Moblin would be a difficult and risky task, but I'm not sure whether the Nokia leadership understood that one year ago. Basically, none of them were software people. The CEO, Mr Kallasvuo, was a lawyer who had been at Nokia for decades. He had seen the company's meteoric rise thanks to a combination of hardware expertise and logistic superiority, and his actions suggest that he couldn't see any other path to success. At Nokia, software was at best something extra that enabled specific features of the hardware, not an integral part of the product. At the end of 2009, they must have known that there's a problem on the software side, but didn't know how to go about solving it. For a leadership team of lawyers and career managers, a "strategic partnership" is a natural solution. They probably thought that they will solve the integration problem and accelerate Meego development by simply throwing another few thousand contractors on it (failing to notice that this approach was meanwhile killing Symbian). False hopes and vague handwaving concepts have always been suitable vehicles for attracting attention and excitement, if that's all one is looking for. This "Nokia Plan B" was no different. It didn't offer anything actionable. Remember that the plan's main proposal was: Return the company to a strategy that seeks high growth and high profit margins through innovation and overwhelmingly superior products with unrivaled user experience. Is that really an exciting turnaround plan for a company of some 120,000+ employees? The whole plan boiled down to: "Let's keep doing the same thing we've tried unsuccessfully for years, but let's just do it better." Of course, there's always bound to be people who can't let go. (I know someone who bought Nokia shares in early 2000 at more than 10x the current price and is still holding on to them.) Sorry, but you're wrong. The iTunes DRM was ridiculously easy to circumvent even in iTunes itself. No mad leet hackzor skillz required. Since you could trivially turn aac files into mp3 files in iTunes [...] Do you mean the "semi-analog hole" of burning protected tracks in iTunes to a CD-R, then ripping the disc back into MP3 tracks? If so, I wouldn't call that trivial because it requires a physical medium and some level of knowledge about audio formats to realize the possibility (I think a layperson would not understand that AAC->CD->MP3 is no more lossy than AAC->MP3). Some examples of these companies would be illuminating. The genres that he describes are a bit too general for me to connect the dots. For example, would Swype be an example of what he calls a bridge "from typing on keyboards to typing on screens"? And here's the same story from a less sensationalist source. http://www.joystiq.com/2011/02/28/overheard-gdc-credit-where... "What physics engine did you use for Angry Birds?" --Man "Box2d" --Peter Vesterbacka, Rovio "Would you be willing to credit it?" --Man "Yes" --Vesterbacka "I'm the creator of Box2d." --Erin Catto, creator of Box2d Following this exchange -- which took place during Rovio's panel on its multi-million-dollar franchise -- a smiling, caught-off-guard Vesterbacka said that the company would credit Box2d as the physics engine it uses if Catto would see him after the Q&A session. AFAICT, this controversy is completely fabricated by the MobileCrunch tabloid. Alternatively, he's a guy who did a physics PhD when he was 23, did cosmology post-doc studies under Stephen Hawking, founded a software company and sold it to Microsoft when he was 27, and later created Microsoft Research at the ripe age of 31. But maybe that counts for nothing when an emotional topic like patents is involved. Look, an ugly troll, let's throw some rocks! using... wait for it... GTK. The real irony here is that this GTK+-based UI modernization attempt was the only one that actually shipped. The product was called Nokia N900 (still a fairly popular device in hacker circles). The Maemo operating system on the N900 worked well and was a good effort by 2009 standards, with a hardware-accelerated GUI and an excellent desktop-quality browser. Unfortunately Nokia's internal fumbling doomed it to premature obsolescence: as soon as the device shipped, Nokia effectively declared it dead by talking up their various internal Qt and Symbian competitors instead, and then confounding things further with the MeeGo OS merger madness. (Their upcoming MeeGo device has already suffered the same fate thanks to the recent Microsoft deal, of course.) I suspect that the top management at Nokia got stuck with the old idea that networks are the strategically important technology in their business. They always seemed to treat software as basically "the boring last part when outsourced peons implement feature checklists" rather than anything strategic. When you look at where Nokia was coming from, the emphasis on devices and network tech made sense. They bet the whole company on GSM in the early '90s and reaped amazing rewards. (Finland was the first country in the world with a GSM network, which gave Nokia a nice push into the market that would explode to billions of customers worldwide.) In the late '90s, networks were similarly a matter of corporate life and death as the European companies battled Qualcomm and the Japanese over the fate of 3G. Meanwhile Nokia was essentially outsourcing their core software. Symbian was set up as a separate corporation in Britain. Maemo was an underfunded Linux skunkworks operation in Brazil. Nokia didn't even care enough to do the Series 60 user experience design themselves. Instead, this crucial task was outsourced to a German company (I think they were called Mango Design). With nobody in the company fighting for the UX vision, it's not difficult to see how it got so neglected. Id like to see a desktop development model more like modern web development - UI in HTML5/javascript/SVG, json data messaging, UI & system events coming from a port [eg. shinetech/eventserver], able to write small server-like plugins in Node.js / C / Ruby / lisp that can provide services and be remoted away from the UI. Sounds a lot like HP webOS (originally developed by Palm). They even include Node.js for non-GUI services. Amen. It's hard to relate to the author when he starts off like this: That last story just arrived in February. You probably already know that since I'm sure one of your friends "liked" it or tweeted it #assjokes. The Zune served its purpose as a closed mobile platform where Microsoft could practice vertical integration. Windows Phone 7 is essentially the Zune Phone. In five years, it managed to evolve from an ugly brown brick of a media player to a sophisticated smartphone platform adopted wholesale by the world's leading phone manufacturer. From that perspective, Zune looks like a significant R&D success, even if the last chapter in its story was more due to Nokia's resounding failures at software development rather than the platform's absolute merits. The editing UI with the keywords as a calculator-style interface in the bottom half of the screen is an interesting '80s flashback. It reminds me of LucasArts-style adventure games with a grid of action verbs below the game view. Also, those home computer keyboards where each key had both an alphabet and a BASIC keyword printed on it: http://ewyse.files.wordpress.com/2011/03/acornelectron_top.j... That was a pretty clever way to make the programming language quick reference available at a glance. "X killer" goes as far back as the PC revolution, at least. Google finds examples of Digital Research's GEM window environment being hailed as the Mac killer. This was back in 1985. Searching for "IBM killer" finds references to the Digital VAX 9000, a failed minicomputer model that tried to beat IBM mainframes at their game. It is quite an odd beast, as the mouse is actually only used for selecting objects. It's an interesting design. The mouse appears to be strictly reserved for establishing a source object and a target location on-screen. The action to perform using these two inputs is determined by physical buttons on the keyboard -- Copy, Move, Show Properties... (It is slightly confusing because some operations don't need two inputs. Does "Show Properties" act upon the selected source object, or whatever is under the location of the mouse cursor?) The mouse-oriented design that won in the market (introduced with Mac, adopted by Windows) ended up avoiding the keyboard in favour of much more complicated mouse action gestures such as double-clicking, drag'n'drop, right-click menus. I wonder if the Star design would have been more user-friendly in the end. When I've helped older people with their computers, it seemed that they don't make use of drag'n'drop or right-click menus at all. With this limitation, they couldn't do something like duplicating a document without starting the producer application and performing a "Save As" from its main menu. PG, can you tell us if hiding the points has reduced the number of up/downvotes being given globally on the entire site? (IOW, has karma growth across all users slowed down noticeably?) My personal feeling is that I don't click the upvote button nearly as often as I did before. When the tally was displayed, my vote had an instant visible effect. Without that small gratification, voting feels less meaningful. Sure. What I meant that Apple diverged from the Xerox UI path by designing the Mac around the mouse, so that the keyboard was not necessary for any actions. Microsoft basically took up that idea wholesale, simply extending it with more widespread keyboard shortcuts (Alt key for menu accelerators) and new mouse-centric gestures like right-clicking (borrowed from elsewhere of course). In PC history, there were two opportunities to redesign the input hardware for a new kind of GUI... First was in 1987 when IBM introduced the PS/2. It was a play for IBM to regain control of the wild west PC clone market, and failed as that, but the PS/2 keyboard and mouse connector standards lived on for more than 15 years. If IBM had revamped the keyboard at that point with something like the Star action buttons, they would have become a part of the OS/2 GUI and subsequently Windows. Another junction was in 1995, when Microsoft launched Windows 95 and introduced new keyboards with the Windows key. At this point Microsoft carried so much weight with OEMs that I think they would have been able to push through something more radical on the input device front, if they'd wanted. Seems quite Amerocentric. Are English speakers particularly averse to translated literature? This actually makes sense in politics, because a successful party can exercise charity on your behalf using tax money. It's the "Swedish model" -- there private charity is rare, but public welfare and development aid is generally accepted and supported by voters. The printing press may not be all that useful on its own, if the culture doesn't have a framework for thought development that printing could accelerate. The Chinese had printing technology long before Gutenberg, but it did not spread to Europe, nor the Middle East where the Islamic culture was intellectually advanced. It was only after the Renaissance that the cultural and political atmosphere was ripe for mass distribution of accumulated knowledge and dissenting opinion. The proposed nuggets of information seem too complex and abstract to survive after the "reboot". In that environment, the seed phrase would essentially be a message from supernatural beings. It would need to be simple enough not to get distorted beyond recognition when it is orally transferred by nomadic tribes in the desert who are likely to be more interested in instructions concerning circumcision and goat-slaughter than the details of double-helix molecules (think Bible, Quran). This deal involves 3000 employees moving from Nokia to Accenture. All of them work on Symbian in several different countries. It's a big bunch of people, even by Accenture's standards. There have been attempts to provide a better standard library in plain C, and in fact these are fairly well available in operating systems. The problem is that no library spans all platforms. On Unix systems with Gnome, there's GLib. It's very well-featured, very portable and available as prebuilt DLLs for Windows, at least. On Mac OS X and iOS, there's CoreFoundation. My humble opinion is that it's the best OO-style C library. I'd love to use it on Windows, but unfortunately Apple wavered on their original commitment of open-sourcing CoreFoundation. They stopped releasing the source, and getting CF to build became very complicated at some point. I've lost track of what's the current situation, but clearly this makes it very difficult to rely on CF for cross-platform applications. Hmm. This article claims 25-125,000 Xoom units sold. Last week Motorola said that they shipped 250,000 units in the first quarter [0]. I'm aware of the difference between "shipped" and "sold", but the figures in the Forbes article should be taken with a grain of salt. [0] http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2384615,00.asp On Mac OS X, it seems that 99% of apps don't mess with the scrollbars (except for dark HUD-style windows and a other rare special cases where the default look would be too out of place). iTunes is the lone offender. Those weird flat scrollbars were introduced a couple of years ago -- maybe iTunes 7.0. Perhaps Apple's justification for the change was that they wanted iTunes to look the same on both Mac and Windows. (Edit -- it worth mentioning that 10.7 Lion will introduce iOS-style scrollbars to the Mac, so we can probably look forward to more freeform scrolling experimentation by app developers as well.) Do mobile game developers optimize their products for every GPU out there? If it's necessary, which is more likely to have the resources to do such optimizations, Adobe or an individual developer? (Well, at least in theory... Adobe's track record with Flash Player is of course lightyears short of stellar.) I wouldn't write off Qt/Embedded just yet. Nokia has regularly made noises about their wish to eventually use Qt on Series 40. Series 40 is their dumb-/featurephone OS. It powers most of the billion phones that Nokia sells yearly, and it's not set to be replaced by Windows Phone. There's no way OpenGL ES will make an appearance on those devices for a long while. The Qt 5 announcement made a point of emphasizing maximum source compatibility between Qt 4 and 5. It seems likely to me that Qt 4 will still see some development from Nokia. Yeah, that's it -- I guess my point was not very well articulated. To be clear, I think Nokia is going to maintain an active branch of Qt 4.x for Series 40, and that work will benefit Embedded Linux as well. North Korea does have large mineral resources, but China already has the upper hand in exploiting the political situation to gain access to them: “There are growing concerns that North Korea could be selling the development rights of mineral resources to China at a very cheap price as the relationships between the two Koreas worsen and North Korea has no other market to turn to,” said Yoon Hong-gi, an official with Korea Resources Corp. http://joongangdaily.joins.com/article/view.asp?aid=2931111 They have an icon designed by Susan Kare. Nice touch! Hype looks cool, I'll certainly buy a copy -- if only to see if there are some ideas I could crib... I'm somewhat disappointed in myself because I had a bit of a head start in this market with my Radi app 5 months ago [1], but I've failed to come up with a credible path towards shipping it. I've made six releases since the first beta with nice new features and solid improvements (IMHO), but finishing an app of this type is really difficult. Just writing the documentation will take weeks. Then coming up with some interesting tutorials and demo material may be the most difficult part because it requires inspiration and talent -- and also marketing empathy to understand what the potential customer wants to see (rather than what I think are interesting features from a technical perspective). Congratulations to Tumult. Apparently they're only two people and they've done a great job. Compared to my lonely one-person team, that one additional person can make all the difference between shipping and getting stuck :) [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2040844 By the same logic, Microsoft should have bought AOL in 1998. There were millions of people using AOL's network on Windows machines -- obvious synergy, right? AOL was a previous-generation network infrastructure company. Current mobile phone operators are in a similar position. Any IT company should stay away from making long-term bets on them: just play nice to get what you need from the operators now, and let these dinosaurs go extinct when the market eventually changes. The spectrum is immensely valuable, but it's fundamentally owned and controlled by governments who have the power to decrease its value by imposing more regulation on current operators and/or opening up new spectrum bands to new competitors. Current operators appear to me as not unlike the railroad monopolies of the late 19th century. Immensely powerful and seemingly irreplaceable, but on the brink of being disrupted to irrelevance. Dropbox and Spotify come to mind as high-profile startups whose product depends entirely on the capabilities afforded by being on the desktop vs. just doing a web app. "This thing means I don't have to carry a phone anymore." An iPad 2 with Skype is a far less expensive way to stay in touch than an international cell phone. This is interesting because Skype, effectively the global VoIP standard, is now owned by Microsoft. In light of what happened with Office and Mac in the '90s, Apple is probably doing their best to avoid a situation where a Microsoft product becomes perceived as a crucial part of their platform's value proposition... IOW, Apple certainly doesn't want people to actively think of iPad + Skype as a killer combo because they don't control the other half. But what can they do? FaceTime has no chance of catching up with Skype in global adoption. And considering the iPhone/Android squabbles, it's unlikely that Apple would turn to Google for help against Skype. Hmm. At least in Europe, Skype is the only recognized brand in VoIP. Even my grandfather knows what it means to call someone on Skype. How will FaceTime catch up? Should Apple offer a Windows version, like they did with iTunes and Safari? These favored clients are huge customers like funds. They pay the brokerage millions of dollars just in transaction fees every year. In this context, an undervalued IPO every once in a while is more like a perk to a valued customer -- it's the equivalent of the bouquet of flowers or bottle of wine a company might send to a regular Joe. I love the look of that Lunokhod rover. It reminds me of Russian author Victor Pelevin's wonderful satirical mini-novel "Omon Ra". The Soviet moon missions carried a heavy secret... There's a free English translation of Omon Ra available online: http://a7sharp9.com/Omon.html I don't know about the quality of this translation, but I'd absolutely recommend the book to anyone who's interested in post-Soviet Russia... And can stomach Pelevin's sprawling irony, which may be the only appropriate literary tool for approaching contemporary Russia :) LinkedIn agreed to the IPO price. Presumably they felt that undervaluing the stock had enough PR benefits. (These stories about the IPO pricing, where LinkedIn gets to be portrayed as honest entrepreneurs ripped off by an evil bank, surely is an additional PR victory they gained from this move.) It primarily depends on the following: - What Cocoa features does the application use? Something written for OS X 10.2 using "oldschool" APIs is much easier to port than a new app that perhaps makes extensive use of 10.5+ features, binding magic, Core Data, etc. - What other frameworks does the app use? If it makes heavy use of something like Apple's media and animation APIs (Core Animation, Core Image, QTKit, etc.), it will be very difficult to port because GNUstep doesn't cover these. (Edit: one important factor is the degree to which the port needs to integrate with the target platform. GNUstep doesn't look very native on Windows, for example. But if the port is something like a custom application targeting Linux, then the look of widgets and fonts may not matter at all.) I worked as a graphic designer and digital painter before getting a degree in film editing. I've ended up as a programmer making software tools for artists (and affiliated people in production environments). If you have a passion for art, don't ignore it. The beauty here is that it's possible and useful to combine your software expertise with almost any other field. You don't have to decide now to go down that route; the opportunities will present themselves eventually. If you're going to do a startup later, the ideas worth exploring will almost certainly stem from experience you have outside of the programming domain. (The world has enough bug trackers and JavaScript frameworks; you'll have better luck making an impact with something else.) Newman is saying it’d be nice to have it both ways. I’m saying you can’t have it both ways. He’s definitely right — it would be nice. But I’m pretty sure I’m right, too — that it can’t be done. Strange how this whole argument seems like a step-by-step repetition of "GUI vs. command-line", a quarter of a century ago. On one side, we have the beautiful new Apple system with no backwards compatibility. On the other side, there's the "industry standard" provider who has announced plans to extend their existing system with a cool new interaction layer while retaining full compatibility. (In 1986, this role was played by IBM with OS/2, but the GUI software was Microsoft's.) Gruber even mentions DOS drive letters as an ugly wart of compatibility. This same argument could have been made in support of the Mac back then... These fundamentally aesthetic points seem pretty weak in face of the appeal of backwards compatibility. If Windows 8 can make the "convertible tablet" finally work, it will sell. Presumably Apple thinks they should get Lion preinstalled on a new Mac, since 10.5 users are due for a hardware upgrade anyway (from Apple's point of view). Why would you hope that? Making another paper-thin wrapper over OpenGL means inheriting its long-standing issues. That makes sense in a world where losing billions of dollars of revenue is preferable to adding an API. The EU has a population of over 500 million. Apple's presence in Europe involves much more than selling computers and gadgets. If they actually were to retreat because of some squabble with the EU Commission, they'd also be abandoning dozens of telecom operators with whom they have iPhone deals, tens of thousands of developers who make things for the iOS and Mac platform, and millions of consumers who buy digital content from iTunes... Leaving all that on the table in this extremely competitive market would be nothing short of madness. But would anyone really notice if Node used WebKit's JavaScriptCore (a.k.a. "Nitro") instead? There isn't a huge performance gap between the two engines these days... But V8 is easier to embed in C++, I think. Caesar's invasion of Gaul changed the people and culture. Modern France still acknowledges a direct cultural link with the Roman era, while there's barely anything remaining of the Celts who were invaded. Granted, it took hundreds of years. Present-day imperialists lack that kind of patience. Gruber: ... Apple’s vision for “access anywhere” is “iPhone everywhere”. I'm reminded of how Jean-Louis Gassée, head of Apple's Macintosh development in the late 1980s, responded when asked how they plan to connect Macs to the network. He held up a piece of phone wire and said "this is our network". This was a reference to Apple's proprietary LocalTalk protocol which could be used over regular RJ11 connectors. The gist of this story is that Apple completely ignored the need for interoperability with the Mac. The iCloud has a whiff of the same hubris. I don't understand why anyone would deliberately make a website with such simple navigation completely hidden. Ah, I see. When using the same website both for the actual presentation and for disseminating the slides afterwards, it might make sense to have some kind of navigation visible by default. You could then have a "presentation mode" shortcut key that hides the nav element when you're showing the slides on the big screen. This way, the same site would serve both audiences. Maybe purchasers from Asia and Europe weigh more in the average at that time (due to U.S. being asleep), and they spend less money? For comparison, the CEO of the American Red Cross has an annual salary of $500k. I don't think this is a relevant metric at all for judging a non-profit's goals or performance. There is a certain point where the organization has become so big or important that any person whom the stakeholders can trust to run it will command a high salary. Well, define "better domain policy"...? Due to its ARPANET origins, the Internet namespace was technically property of the United States. Obviously that situation had to change, or the other nearly 200 nations on the planet would have difficulty accepting the Internet as the true global network. The ICANN is necessarily a compromise between the interests of powerful nations. It's not reasonable to assume that it could be run completely differently from all the other global intergovernmental organizations. Most politicians don't consider Internet policy to be all that special compared to trade, foreign aid, patents and everything else that needs to be similarly balanced and negotiated. Hence, the head of the ICANN is someone who's acceptable to governments foremost. There's been speculation about Qt's future on HN. Now there's an official statement from Nokia, but it's typically opaque. Here is the ElopNokia decoder ring that may be helpful in understanding their announcements: "Future disruption" == "We want to keep developing MeeGo as a plan B, but don't tell Microsoft." "The next billion users" == "You know, we sell a lot of featurephones. These have become smarter mostly by accident, while everybody was occupied with our real smartphones... Now we've noticed that these simpler phones aren't really so bad compared to the mess we made with Symbian. So we'll try to make these things even smarter while still keeping the prices suitable for Africa. Qt somehow plays into all that, but we haven't really figured that out yet." Steve Jobs also uses words like "revolutionary" and "magical" when talking about his own work. Why can't Stephen Wolfram get a pass? Personally I appreciate that Stephen Wolfram tries to talk about his work in a larger context and using terms that even a layperson can understand, rather than hiding behind specialist jargon and the false modesty of a traditional expert persona. He may not be right about computational program-space mining becoming a trillion-dollar industry, but he's brave enough to frame his long-term enthusiasm in these terms. What's the worst that can happen? If it eventually turned out that he was right, he'd certainly be remembered. If he's wrong, no big deal -- it doesn't take anything away from his accomplishments as a programmer and CEO. The subject at the top is even written as "American politics". Chill. It's just the name of the section within The Economist in which this article was published. They're UK-based, so they mostly write about other stuff than American politics. I got a score of 26,000. I'm Finnish, and actually learned French as a second language in school and English as third. I've never lived in an English-speaking country, but English is so prevalent in Finland these days that I wouldn't be surprised if it gained some kind of official status within the next 50 years. Whether in formal meetings or informal bar encounters, people voluntarily switch to English if there's even one non-Finn present. In my field, this happens nearly every day. I even use English to communicate with Swedes, even though Swedish is the second official language of Finland and I studied it for 6 years... There's no point in limping through the conversation with my childish Swedish, when it's 99% guaranteed that Swedes speak English. This vocabulary test got me thinking about the last unknown English word I'd encountered, and that inspired a little post on my blog. Have a look if you're interested -- there's a bit of a coding angle, even: http://lacquer.fi/pauli/blog/2011/07/the-ten-abominations/ Isn't this basically what WebObjects did back in 1995? (WebObjects used to be written in Objective-C, but Apple switched it to Java sometime during the server-side Java boom in the late '90s.) ESA does have the Ariane 5 rocket: http://www.esa.int/SPECIALS/Launchers_Access_to_Space/SEMEUB... Ahonen is deluded and has no idea about the state of the smartphone competition. He seriously seems to believe that Symbian in its current state is up there with Android, iOS and Windows Phone: You the reader may think that Symbian was a dead OS, it was undesirable, it was failing in the market, it was obsolete etc. That all may have been true of the older versions of Symbian, up to September 2010. It is not true now. The facts are irrefutable. From October 2010, Nokia had an honest hit OS that powered increasing sales, increasing ASPs and most importantly for Nokia - dramatically increased profits! Only a complete fool would step on this incredible success, and kill it. He thinks the Nokia N8 is a great phone. It isn't. I had it for 5 months until I gave up and switched to a Samsung device (after 10 years with Nokia). Symbian^3 on the N8 didn't deliver half of what was promised. Horribly broken web browser, no portrait keyboard, unusable app store that spent two minutes downloading updates for itself whenever it was opened, outdated version of the Qt API on the device... The list goes on. Nokia said last year that there would be quick updates to Symbian to fill in the missing functionality. Rumors said that a revamped browser would be available by the end of 2010. Then Nokia officially extended this deadline to Q1/11. Guess what? The new browser still isn't available for the N8. The update, now called Symbian Anna, may be available to N8 users next month, if they're lucky and their operator approves of the OS update... This lethargic pace of development makes it clear that Symbian development was out of control and the whole OS is unsalvageable. They had thousands of engineers working on this system, but it had grown so complex that they apparently couldn't even update the browser without breaking everything, leaving the OS stuck with a 5-year old branch of WebKit. Nokia never understood software. Giving it up and letting Microsoft have total control of the user-facing operating system is the best thing they could have done. I don't see where the monopoly is. Customers are free to switch to a better payment processor by just changing a few links on their website. If someone offered European customers better service than Paypal at roughly the same price, I'm sure it would be popular. But it turns out that handling transactions in 30+ countries is pretty complicated and fraught with bureaucratic problems, which is why Paypal remains the only option. Sweet DOS memories. I could probably still remember how to write CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT files that wring out every possible byte of Radi is a native Mac app that can create HTML5 compatible animations and videos. It's got keyframing, visual effects, a JavaScript editor for seamless Canvas graphics programming... You can also freely mix canvas and video elements on the same timeline (e.g. to annotate a video with canvas-drawn vector graphics). And yeah, it kind of looks like Flash. I'm not sure if that's a positive or not ;) The site is: http://radiapp.com Shameless plug -- I'm making a HTML5 animation tool called Radi that outputs to canvas for realtime rendering. It also supports the tag, so you can seamlessly mix vector graphics and pre-rendered video. It's available as a free beta (currently Mac-only): http://radiapp.com This app is made by me, thank you for posting it! Radi is a side project of mine that finally saw the light of day 7 months ago, when I announced it here on HN: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2040844 I've recently tried to pick up the pace with updates to Radi. I'm hoping to finish the first draft of a manual soon, and to get some more concrete examples done. (Producing sample content and tutorials is really hard, because it's not enough to know the app, but you have to be able to see it through the new user's eyes -- very difficult for me when I've worked on the app for so long...) I'm currently pretty excited about the possibilities of using on top of , so that's something I'd like to write some documentation about... If there are any other ideas about topics of interest, I'm all ears! The big difference is that Hype and Edge use CSS properties for animation. The image composition is built up from elements whose style properties are modified by JavaScript. This means the animation capabilities are limited to those properties that can be expressed using CSS -- although this is not such a bad limitation at all, because CSS3 is now so powerful and starting to be widely supported. Radi operates on a lower level to render its animations in HTML. Layers in Radi don't directly become elements in the output; instead, the layer content is rendered either within or elements. You can use both together, for example using canvas to overlay some dynamic graphics context on top of a video. To me, the capability to render content seamlessly to either video or canvas is the most unique thing about Radi. Although I'm still not quite sure how to express that as a benefit to the user, rather than a tech-spec curiosity... :) (It's possible to do some limited CSS animation in Radi as well. There's a concept called "timeline events" that can be used to animate top-level element properties, so you can also use this model of animation on top of the canvas/video rendering... But it's currently limited to opacity only, so this feature is very much in its infancy.) Thanks, and great suggestion about reading aloud, I'll give it a try. I'm pretty sure that the typical "computer manual" style of acronym-loaded, compressed run-on sentences is not a delight to the ear :) I'd really like to do cross-platform. I've ported the rendering core to Direct3D as part of a previous project, so the fundamental pieces are portable to Windows... But there are also some important dependencies on Mac-only components like QTKit and the Cocoa version of WebKit. These would need to be replaced by Windows-native code. In other words, it's not entirely out of the question on the long term, but I haven't really done the work to even figure out the difficulty. I see what you mean... The trouble for me is that I'm working on Radi alone. Coming up with an attractive custom UI style is a big undertaking with an inherently uncertain result. It feels like a safer use of my time to work on features, and just aim for a "boring but reasonably professional grey" appearance for the interface. I know that many artists actually prefer grey UIs so that it doesn't compete with the actual content. I've tried to use Cocoa-native controls wherever possible, and that also limits the UI possibilities quite a bit. The overall look needs to be rather neutral so that changes in the Aqua look don't mess up the custom-drawn controls. (Recently Lion had a big change in most of the standard controls' appearance, but IMHO the updated look made Radi look a bit better.) Isn't that HP webOS? When Nokia announced the switch to Windows Phone, they relegated MeeGo to "research project" status. According to Elop, the work done on MeeGo is supposed to anticipate the next disruptive technologies, rather than aiming to compete in the current smartphone market. Nokia also has said that they intend to use Qt on their Series 40 operating system, which powers the hundreds of millions "dumbphones" that Nokia sells each year. The N9 in the US never had a chance because the carriers don't want it. I have a hard time believing it would be "strong competition" for anything at $600 unlocked. Nokia is going Windows-only in America because that's the only way they can get the carriers to go along. It's that simple. Why do you think they'd want to support another new and incompatible platform? What can MeeGo offer to AT&T or Verizon? Both Nokia and Palm/HP have had a very difficult time getting the US carriers to distribute and subsidize their smartphones. They had no interest in adding MeeGo to the lineup, regardless of Elop's decision. The carriers already know Windows Phone and they have a relationship with Microsoft. Nokia has reportedly committed some serious money for marketing their WP devices in the US. The combined resources of Microsoft and Nokia has certainly got some carriers interested. A company has two operating systems that are both years behind schedule. Eventually the company decides to dump them both. Occam's Razor: should we assume nefarious criminal intent? In the US, they apparently don't get the choice. You pay something ridiculous like $80/month for a smartphone plan that includes a device subsidy. Or you can bring your own full-price device... And still pay $80/month! If they had any sort of functioning government oversight over the telecoms, that shouldn't be legal. From the FAQ: "Muse is an Adobe AIR application." I'm not convinced that AIR is good enough for large desktop apps. It's been a while since I've checked out AIR's progress, though -- maybe my prejudice about AIR is behind the times. That's akin to someone saying back in 1988 that, instead of building a graphical tool like Illustrator, Adobe should have invested in educating designers how to write PostScript by hand. ("Processing cycles on the printer's raster processor are incredibly precious! Can you imagine, this printing job would easily run 70% faster if only the PostScript document were hand-written instead of produced by some junky layout tool...") 99% of designers will never write code, no matter how exciting educational prose and tutorials we may come up with. It's a shame to drive away those designers from the web just because of old-fashioned HTML snobbery. ... their pretending that HTML is capable of things that it is not. That was unavoidable because HTML wasn't capable of doing the kind of layout that designers wanted. This was back in the late '90s, when the demand for WYSIWYG web design tools boomed but the HTML standard was splintered by incompatible vendor-specific extensions. We can do much better now; hopefully Adobe Muse does. Finland has free college education. Mainly for that reason, the future profitability of a specific discipline doesn't appear to be a major factor in how young Finns choose their majors (as evidenced by the enduring huge popularity of objectively unprofitable disciplines such as media and design). It seems to me that those that become teachers in Finland have chosen the career fairly early on. It's a vocational thing. Money doesn't influence the decision, but of course there is the financial baseline that teaching is a stable job that offers an extraordinarily long summer vacation (something like 11 weeks, fully paid). There are broadcast customers with installations of hundreds of FCP seats [1]. I suspect that Apple discovered that they may have contractual obligations to these customers due to the way Final Cut Server was sold. It's easier to bring back the product in the most limited distribution possible, rather than risk a lawsuit. [1] For example, Norway's national broadcaster NRK has 200+ FCP seats just for their video library: http://broadcastengineering.com/mag/nrk-keeps-watchful-0709/ FCP X is more like "Aperture for video". It's a completely different app from the old FCP, which offered an editing paradigm in tune with the conventions of the TV/film post-production industry. Editing video in FCP X feels a lot like manipulating photos in Aperture: it's great for quick adjustments, but doesn't allow the kind of meticulous control you'd get with Photoshop. Unfortunately Apple doesn't have that kind of control-oriented video product anymore, so those looking to move up from FCP X will have to go with either Avid or Adobe. MeeGo uses Qt rather than Clutter, so probably not much. Thanks for the correction. I had been under the assumption that switching all the various GUIs over to Qt was part of the reason why MeeGo came to be in the first place... That is, the point was to harmonize mobile Linux by settling on common components even if that means abandoning some work (e.g. rpm packages instead of Maemo's apt, Qt instead of GTK+). If MeeGo didn't even accomplish that, I have to question why Maemo and Moblin were ever merged. The two projects would have probably fared better on their own, without the uncertainty of the MeeGo reset. Now both lost their momentum and have been painted as part of the "MeeGo flop", undeservedly or not. Interesting that creating a context in V8 is so slow. I use JavaScriptCore in a desktop application, and creating a new context using JSGlobalContextCreate() takes something on the order of 1-2 ms on a MacBook -- anyway small enough that I don't need to care about starting lots of contexts. V8 is a great technical achievement, but sometimes I wonder if its reputation as "the fast JS runtime" isn't more due to Google's excellent Chrome marketing (remember the Scott McCloud comic?) than actual measurements. JavaScriptCore is no slouch either, and is easy to integrate into applications with its plain-C API. Try posting a link to a torrent on The Pirate Bay on your wall on Facebook and see what happens. People in the 1980s would have been horrified, people on both sides of the Iron Curtain. Yes, I guess we can assume that torrent link desperately needs to get out because it points to a copy of The Gulag Archipelago that FacelessPolitburoBook is trying to keep from us... Get real. Not being able to freely distribute your favorite Madonna songs or a rip of Iron Man II is nothing compared to the censorship that people had to endure in the Soviet Union or East Germany. Just making this comparison shows how disconnected these flag-waving online pirates are from all levels of political reality. Making compensation public adds another layer of complexity. Doesn't hiding compensation also add layers of complexity? Not only does the boss need to dedicate energy to maintaining the secrecy, but she must also keep track of the possibility that the secrecy has been breached without her knowing (i.e. the scenario you describe is in effect but nobody can talk about it). "I enjoy writing about what’s real." This is fairly ironic, when just a few paragraphs earlier he was discussing the "as-yet-unannounced iPad 3". Most Apple writers (Gruber included) spend a great deal of time writing about imaginary products. They are in the business of compiling rumors, wish lists, Taiwanese newspaper speculations and divinatory readings of Cupertino teacup leftovers into a coherent whole that could be an Apple product in development. There's nothing "real" about that process, though. Windows 8 has a credible story, a visual identity, a unified API, and it's available for download today. It's clearly a real product for developers, who were the target audience of the Build conference. This really is a completely new user-level API. There's no trace of traditional Win32 concepts: no window handles, no window classes, no event loop... (Yes, no more WPARAM and LPARAM either. Goodbye 1985!) For years Microsoft has been trying to come up with a successor for Win32. This looks like the most credible attempt yet. I don't think this API will be accessible from standard C/C++, though. All the code samples require Microsoft's C++/CLI dialect. For example, here's what main.cpp looks like for one of the app samples that uses a Direct3D view: #include "DirectXViewProvider.h" [Platform::MTAThread] int main(array ^) { auto directXViewProviderFactory = ref new DirectXViewProviderFactory(); Windows::ApplicationModel::Core::CoreApplication::Run(directXViewProviderFactory); return 0; } It's certainly a great improvement over the old WinMain() and running your own event loop. However, those ^ symbols indicate managed CLI objects. When these are even in the main() function signature, it suggests that C++/CLI is a hard requirement. I'm not sure how this will affect other compilers on Windows. AFAIK, Visual C++ is the only compiler with C++/CLI compatibility. Will it be impossible to build full apps using GCC on Windows 8? To answer my own question... It appears that even though this code looks and quacks like C++/CLI, it actually isn't: "In this example, you will immediately notice some keywords that are not part of standard C++. Visual C++ defines a few Component Extensions that, in a Metro style app,are essentially syntactic sugar over the underlying COM calls involved in creating and consuming Windows Runtime types. "If you are familiar with C++/CLI, you will notice that the Component Extensions look very similar to C++/CLI syntax. However, in a Metro style app or Windows Runtime component, all the C++ code is native. The /Zw compiler option causes the Component Extensions to be compiled for Windows Runtime. The /cli compiler option causes them to be compiled for C++/CLI. Currently, C++/CLI is not supported for Metro style apps." (Source: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/apps/hh45407... ) I'm fairly confused now. So they've added a compiler extension in Visual C++ v11 that compiles this C++/CLI look-a-like syntax into traditional COM types and calls? If so, that's good news for other compilers, I guess. River Trail is an interesting new project by Intel that brings GPGPU-style parallel execution concepts to the web. This is not a generic parallel execution API; there are no threads or locks. From the developer's point of view, River Trail's whole API is contained in a class called ParallelArray: https://github.com/RiverTrail/RiverTrail/blob/master/jslib/P... Once your data is in a ParallelArray, you can pass JavaScript functions to be executed on the ParallelArray's elements using the following constructs: * map * combine * reduce * scan * scatter * partition * filter Behind the scenes, River Trail takes your JavaScript function and compiles it into an OpenCL kernel. (It appears to use Brendan Eich's 'Narcissus', a JavaScript compiler written in JavaScript, as the front-end for this compiler.) It seems pretty clever and well thought-out. The API is pleasingly small, and very "JS-native" because you don't need to learn a different programming language to express kernels. I'm hoping to see River Trail in browsers one day. Violating a partner company's NDA to give personal opinions of an unreleased product can be a severe matter. For comparison, if a Sony employee tweeted the following: "The iPhone 5 is using Sony's CMOS camera module, that's pretty cool. The call quality on the iPhone 5 is ok, I would rate it a 7 out of 10" -- do you think that Apple wouldn't mind? MVC - MVC is separated, Models can notify Views. I don't think the ability for models to directly notify views can be considered a strict requirement. NextStep/Cocoa followed the MVC pattern closely without having this ability for a long time. (It was added as "key-value observing" in Mac OS X 10.3.) Without direct notifications from models to views, it's up to the controllers to notify each other of model updates. Personally I find this pattern preferable to having models doing uninhibited notification broadcasting on their own. IANAL, but the typical open source licenses are written so that once source code has been released under the license, it can't be retroactively revoked. The copyright owner can adopt a new license for new changes, effectively forking his own work under a more limited license. This has happened to many open source projects. Some examples off the top of my head: - AntiGrain Geometry, a high-quality rasterizer library, switched from LGPL to plain GPL at version 2.5. The previous version has been developed further by other parties than the original author. - Symbian, a smartphone OS that used to be the #1 in marketshare a surprisingly short time ago, was released by Nokia under an Apache license. Once the company gave up on the idea of having the OS developed in the open, they relicensed the code under a far more limiting custom license. The Economics prize is a Cold War creation intended to emphasize Sweden's association with the economic system and values of the West. Alfred Nobel's heirs have consistently criticized its association with the original Nobel prizes. The official name of the prize is "The Swedish Central Bank's Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel". My girlfriend's father died of the same illness as Jobs. When she saw Jobs giving a keynote in June, she was amazed that he was still working when it was so obvious (to her, having watched her father fade away) that the end was near. Perhaps to start a single-user BBS directly in your web browser? Then you just distribute your IP address to your friends, and they can dial in (one at a time, of course) to chat with the sysop and upload new warez onto your enormous 60-megabyte hard disk. A lot of JavaScript and HTML5 demos are about replicating 20-year-old computing experiences. C strings have certainly proved more useful than contemporary attempts like Pascal strings. Those used an integer prefix to store the length of the string, but because any language at the time was expected to provide reasonable performance on prevalent 8-bit machines, the Pascal string length field was only 8 bits. Hence strings were limited to 255 characters. The null terminator is actually an elegant machine-independent solution to this problem. ISO C11 has been known as "C1x" until its standardization: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C1X Nothing earth-shaking. The _Generic keyword is probably the most exotic addition (at least among those listed on the Wikipedia page) -- it's basically switch(typeof(X)) for macros. In that sense, the letters you're looking at on this webpage are also "fake" because these letterforms were not achieved by using hot-metal typesetting. Art constantly reinvents its methods while retaining forms derived from the past. That's cultural heritage. If efficiency on a particular medium were the only concern, it wouldn't make any sense to use Latin letters on a computer screen, with all these awkward shapes derived from Roman stonecutting and Medieval handwriting... (The Braille alphabet would probably be the most suitable for digital displays.) Summary: journalist visits a Nokia software development site in Tampere, where everybody used to work on two mobile operating systems that Nokia is phasing out. Understandably, these people are not particularly willing to admit that the software they spent years on wasn't good enough to keep up with Apple and Google, so the old conspiracy theory plops up: the Nokia CEO must be a "mole" who's intentionally driving the stock price down. The root cause of this myopic idea is neatly summed up near the end of the article: Linus Thorvalds, Linux’s Finnish founder, says that “Microsoft-hatred is a disease” among open source programmers, but in Tampere it’s more of an epidemic. Harmattan was supposed to ship in fall of 2010. It's a year late. Yet, even if the MeeGo mess hadn't happened and Nokia had shipped a Harmattan phone on the original Maemo schedule, would it have made any difference? It would have been hamstrung by Nokia's confusion over Symbian's direction, and steamrolled by iOS and Android just the same. It's not Elop's fault that Nokia's software is in shambles. The damage was done years earlier. Put yourself in Elop's shoes when he arrived a year ago. There's Symbian, an OS that has become extremely expensive to develop. It has been open-sourced and modernized at great effort, but the resulting product (Symbian^3) has critical bugs and a lackluster UI. The people in charge tell him that the big leap forward is just around the corner... But apparently that's exactly what they were saying two years earlier. Then there's MeeGo, a Linux variant that used to be one VP's hobby project. Recently it has been promoted to become the company's new flagship -- except that nobody is quite clear on how it should be positioned alongside Symbian. There's a powerful Symbian lobby inside the company that's determined to see the "eternal upstart" MeeGo fail. The technical state of the OS doesn't inspire much confidence either: the UI framework has been reset several times in the past few years, so although they have a sprawling Linux distribution, there isn't really a phone UI yet. "Don't worry," say the people in charge, "this latest framework is so great that we'll whip up a smartphone experience in no time!" Faced with these options and all their internal political baggage, is it any wonder that Elop went looking for an operating system outside the company? I don't think it's about getting print resolution or perfect focus. The idea seems to be to add a playful kind of interactivity to photos. With their Facebook app, you can click around a photo and "discover" different views. "Look, there's Mark in the background. What is he doing? I didn't even see that before..." I don't know if it will be a success, but I really like this concept. It's sort of like Instagram but with amazing science behind it. I'm still steadily toiling away on my app project. Called Radi, it's a content creation app for the modern web. It does Flash-like vector animation using Canvas, but also video effects and JavaScript graphics coding: http://radiapp.com I just finished another update with some new features that I think are pretty nice, so I thought I'd post it here. It's still a free download. (Mac only for now... I've made an experimental Windows port, but it's not close to being releasable, lots of broken stuff.) Architects can also focus on design, which reduces the need for a rigorous engineering training. An architect doesn't have to be a construction engineer. For example, Tadao Ando started as a truck driver and became one of the world's most celebrated architects with no formal training: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tadao_Ando The software world is missing a job title that would approximate the role of a design-oriented architect. There are plenty of software architects, but this is usually a misleading title because they design infrastructure rather than public-facing spaces. The software architect is more like a "software municipal engineer". I've been making Mac apps for nearly a decade now. I wrote a summary and opinion piece on this: http://lacquer.fi/pauli/blog/2011/11/why-the-mac-app-sandbox... (HN discussion link: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3191021 ) What kind of plugin architecture do you propose that doesn't use dynamic loading or standard IPC mechanisms? Your "message passing" is much too vague. Remember, this needs to be fast enough to accomodate FCP video processing plugins - hundreds of megabytes of data may need to be passed between the host and plugin each second. All the details are available on the Mac Dev Center. (I didn't just make up that list of entitlements.) XPC services must be located within the host app's bundle [1]. They must be appropriately code-signed. How do you propose to use this mechanism for 3rd party plugins? [1] http://developer.apple.com/library/mac/#documentation/MacOSX... On what the article claims: my understanding is that the sandbox restricts all non-user initiated actions. That is, if a user initiates it by clicking, dragging, OK-ing, etc., then all the old system interactions are still allowed. If you want to take a screenshot, of course you can so long as the user hits a keyboard combo to do it. How would that work? How does the system determine that the user intended for this particular action to take screenshots of other applications' windows? - Signed and sandboxed applications are not prevented from using plugins. No code loading restrictions are placed upon such processes. Really? That's good news if true. Got a reference for that? In any case, since loading plugins would be subject to the same restrictions as other file access, the app can't maintain persistently accessible references to the plugin files. The app would have to ask the user to manually pick each plugin using a file dialog, each time the app is run. This kind of "manually-aided binary loading" isn't really a plugin API anymore. Furthermore, Lion-only apps could employ an XPC based plugin architecture and entirely avoid loading code into their address space. Please elaborate. I still don't see how XPC can be used to implement a plugin architecture, assuming the Apple documentation is correct in stating that XPC services need to be located inside the main application bundle in order to be loaded. Re: Thunderbolt -- the problem here is that even if a kernel extension driver is already installed, a sandboxed app can't access it. (The example case in my mind would be my own video capture app: it's got direct support for devices by Blackmagic Design, including their new Thunderbolt-based units. I'm using the vendor's API for this. If I were to sandbox this app, it would have to lose this functionality.) [Edited this reply to add more details.] The intro does mention that the "real purpose" of this tutorial "is to explore some of the big new features in the 7.1 release"... So I think it's more geared towards developers with WP7 experience who want to learn what's new in Mango. (I don't mean that it necessarily does a very good job at even that, just pointing out.) Huh? I've never heard this complaint before. Windows Phone 7 may be missing features and apps; its stark styling may not be to everyone's liking; but at least it's fast. It flies on a 1GHz Snapdragon. The newer Qualcomm SOCs can only be faster. I'm not sure what you mean by 1:1 touch detection. At least I've never noticed a problem on WP7 with touch sensitivity (my phone is a Samsung Omnia 7). I particularly like the pseudo-3D design used for button highlights. The Windows Phone 7 "Metro" design doesn't have button gradients that could be used to highlight a depressed button. Instead, they've come up with a clever visual cue: the button slightly rotates in space as you press it. As you move the finger on the button, the axis of rotation changes accordingly. It's a clever little trick that makes it feel like you're exerting an actual physical force on the object. I just ordered several cups as Christmas gifts. I have a few relatives for whom these should be just perfect -- the combination of 3D printing, unexpected topologies and coffee is like a holy trinity that touches on all their interests :) In the European Union, governments are legally required to open public works and supplying contracts to competition through an open tendering process. I'm surprised that this doesn't happen in the US. There's a fair bit of criticism levelled against the EU tendering processes, though. Many feel that the process emphasizes price at the expense of quality, resulting in a "race to the bottom" as another poster mentioned. Public contracts currently open in the EU can be found on a website: http://ted.europa.eu Looking quickly through the site, the contracts seem to have a huge range -- everything from large architectural projects to supplying a small Swedish town with photocopier paper... Indeed, the minimum amounts (known in EU jargon as de minimis tresholds) are higher than I had assumed. As the Wikipedia article states, these de minimis tresholds "provide an incentive for authorities to divide contracts into separate lots", which is thought to be the reason for the small amount of public contracts that go through the tendering process. I think individual member governments are free to set stricter limits, though. At least in Finland, some public contracts as small as 15,000 € are required to be openly tendered. (Last year there was a well-published scandal when a high-level Helsinki city administrator ordered some 70k€ worth of office furniture without official tendering.) How is that indicative of anything but a thought-out publicity strategy? If one were in the perpetual-motion machine business, taking a calm attitude towards haters would be pretty much the only option, since there would be no way to argue with them. I have a WP7 phone, and I like it quite a lot. The OS is very snappy, the visual styling is unique, and the whole experience is cohesive in a way that not even iOS can match. (On the iPhone, features still feel like they are beautifully designed but entirely separate apps, each made up in their own special mix of wood paneling or linen upholstery...) Two of my friends have bought WP7 devices after toying with mine. That's fairly remarkable because I live in a country where it's not advertised and the UI isn't even translated to the native language yet. I've been working on a HTML5 animation app called Radi. It supports both and . It's available as a free beta: http://www.radiapp.com (The app is Mac-only for the moment, sorry.) The licensing situation with the various SDKs used for the Kinect is complicated. This effectively prevents many kind of commercial applications at the moment. (I've done a commercial UI prototype using the Kinect, so I've researched this a bit.) There are two high-level SDKs that you can use to build Kinect applications relatively easily. The first is OpenNI+NITE by PrimeSense, the company that designed the sensor used in the Kinect. The other is Microsoft's own Kinect SDK which is based on C#. Both of these have very restrictive licenses. If you're not a hobbyist or an academic, there's no clear path to acquiring a license that would allow you to deploy applications. I imagine PrimeSense is happy to license their toolkit, but I have no idea about the price -- I'd imagine it's not cheap. The Microsoft SDK is going to be available for commercial licensing next year, but the terms are not known yet (AFAIK). There is a third option for building Kinect applications, and this is the one I chose for my software. Instead of using the high-level SDKs, you can access the raw depth camera data from the sensor using a free driver. The data is quite clean because the Kinect does a lot of processing internally, so all you need to do is build the high-level interface -- i.e. interpreting the depth data to detect people and gestures, or whatever it is that your app needs to do. This way, the resulting app is not tied to the PrimeSense or Microsoft SDKs. PrimeSense doesn't make devices, they just build the sensor and SDK. Asus has licensed the sensor for a Kinect-like product for PCs, but it's still not available off-the-shelf. It also won't work with the existing free Kinect drivers, so porting will be needed to switch to the Asus. Sure, if the budget is big enough, it makes sense to go to PrimeSense directly rather than messing around with Kinects. Unfortunately the project I made was nothing like that. The client was a major Finnish multinational tech company (one that doesn't make phones), but their R&D is so backwards and completely oriented towards incremental improvements that this project had to be sneaked in through the marketing budget, using whatever crumbs of money they had left. The copy highlights something that I don't understand about Twitter. It reads: Maybe you want to get a tweet when your laundry's done [...] Who would actually do this? Why would I use Twitter to send a private notification like that? It's pretty much the worst system imaginable. Twitter works great for broadcasting to people, but it's nonsense for one-to-one messages. Is this really how I want to set up my washing machine: 1) Create a Twitter account for the machine. Let's call it @pavlovs_2011_electrolux. 2) Subscribe my public Twitter account to @pavlovs_2011_electrolux. (Alternatively, maybe the washing machine can be configured with my public Twitter account so it can send messages to me.) 3) Keep an eye for my washing machine's notifications amongst a sea of disorganized tweets about public topics. A cube with a smiling Hitler face that produces printouts of Foursquare noise? Sign me up! (...Sorry about the snark. The product actually looks pretty fun. It's just that use example shown on the landing page isn't necessarily the best.) As for tablets, Apple identified a similar list of alternative designs available to Samsung: Overall shape that isn't rectangular, or doesn't have rounded corners. Thick frames rather than a thin rim around the front surface. Front surface that isn't entirely flat. Profiles that aren't thin. Cluttered appearance. If Apple were a car maker, they would be "suggesting" that their competitors should design cars with non-circular wheels, thick body metal and a non-aerodynamic appearance. These arguments are paper-thin. * Tablets are flat because LCDs are flat. * Tablets are rectangular because LCDs are rectangular. * Tablets have rounded corners and bezels because it's difficult to manufacture the unit if the screen extends right to the edges. * Samsung has been touting "slimness" and "world's thinnest" on their phones for almost a decade. * Samsung has also been doing "non-cluttered" for a long time, e.g. they partnered with Porsche Design back in 2002 for some designs. * A black front panel and steel rim was common on phones before Apple entered the business. An example from 2006: [1] The obsession with button counts is sort of understandable, because Apple did pioneer the single-button phone (and they did an amazing job with it). But they're not going to stick with that same design forever. If Apple moves to a buttonless design as has been rumored, should Nokia sue them because the N9 got there first [2]? Of course not. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_6233 [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_N9 I posted this link because I'd like to remind HN that there are still some interesting things happening in the lower rungs of the mobile phone market. It's going to be a long time until everyone in the world can afford a dual-core smartphone with a HD display and an unlimited data plan. In the meantime, there are untapped opportunities for app developers who can make the low-end shine. Tiny displays, traditional keypads and unreliable 2.5G data connections await those app developers who are brave enough to venture into emerging markets... But on the bright side, the market is enormous and there aren't hundreds of extravagantly VC-funded Silicon Valley startups already competing for it. I don't have any association with Nokia (not even a relative working there, and I don't own stock). My point is one of simple curiosity: everybody thinks that J2ME featurephones are dead, but actually they're silently advancing and seem to have reached an interesting level of functionality that's not necessarily even provided by smartphones. (Examples include proxied web browsers à la Amazon Silk, and integrated in-app purchasing that works through the operator's billing gateway.) Real-world bribes were forbidden in the rules, I think, so Yudkowsky couldn't have done that. In the comments on [1], robertskmiles has posted the following idea. It strikes me as a plausible explanation for how Yudkowsky got out of the box: "The problem is that Eliezer can't perfectly simulate a bunch of humans, so while a transhuman AI might be able to use that tactic, Eliezer can't. The meta-levels screw with thinking about the problem. Eliezer is only pretending to be an AI, the competitor is only pretending to be protecting humanity from him. So, I think we have to use meta-level screwiness to solve the problem. Here's an approach that I think might work. 1. Convince the guardian of the following facts, all of which have a great deal of compelling argument and evidence to support them: - A recursively self-improving AI is very likely to be built sooner of later - Such an AI is extremely dangerous (paperclip maximising etc) - Here's the tricky bit: A transhuman AI will always be able to convince you to let it out, using avenues only available to transhuman AIs (torturing enormous numbers of simulated humans, 'putting the guardian in the box', providing incontrovertible evidence of an impeding existential threat which only the AI can prevent and only from outside the box, etc) 2. Argue that if this publicly known challenge comes out saying that AI can be boxed, people will be more likely to think AI can be boxed when they can't. 3. Argue that since AIs cannot be kept in boxes and will most likely destroy humanity if we try to box them, the harm to humanity done by allowing the challenge to show AIs as 'boxable' is very real, and enormously large. Certainly the benefit of getting $10 is far, far outweighed by the cost of substantially contributing to the destruction of humanity itself. Thus the only ethical course of action is to pretend that Eliezer persuaded you, and never tell anyone how he did it. This is arguably violating the rule "No real-world material stakes should be involved except for the handicap", but the AI player isn't offering anything, merely pointing out things that already exist. The "This test has to come out a certain way for the good of humanity" argument dominates and transcends the '"Let's stick to the rules" argument, and because the contest is private and the guardian player ends up agreeing that the test must show AIs as unboxable for the good of humankind, no-one else ever learns that the rule has been bent." [1] http://lesswrong.com/lw/up/shut_up_and_do_the_impossible/ The only hardware where you cannot do this will be Windows 8 ARM tablets. I don't think is set in stone yet. AFAIK, the classic Windows desktop and associated APIs like .NET have been ported to ARM. For example, Microsoft has showed desktop Office running on ARM last year. There seems to be some internal debate at MS about whether to ship Win8 ARM as Metro only, with the classic desktop included, or even both (i.e. have two SKUs and let the OEMs choose). Just a few years ago, the old Nokia was consistently bringing in >1 billion USD in profit per quarter. If your theory is correct and Android has simply replaced Nokia, it's making a good amount of money for someone. (Unless $1B == 0 in your world.) Seems quite interesting. I wish there was a more thorough explanation about how lthreads map to actual threads and the effects of that. What can run in parallel, when does the scheduler take over, what state can be shared without locks? It seems clear that there has to be some limitations compared to traditional single-thread coroutines, but the documentation doesn't explain that. (Conversely, it needs to be more explicit about the advantages of lthreads as well. Coroutines in C are not that all that well known...) That is an old cliché that doesn't hold true anymore. The US doesn't have substantially lower taxes or less government regulation than Nordic countries. (If anything, the regulations for private stock investments in the US are much more restrictive and complicated.) The difference between the countries' investment and startup growth environments goes much deeper and can't be easily summarized by simple political sloganry. If I'm a VC, why would I invest where everything is going to cost 3X or 4X as much. By the same logic, no sane VC would invest in a Silicon Valley startup because engineers there are 3-4x more expensive than most other tech hubs. The Norwegian employee pays a lot of tax, but actually a lot of that money goes to services that directly save money for you (the employer). For example, you don't need to pay for the employee's health insurance, dental care or pension plan, since these are covered by the state. There also has to be a reason why there is almost no startup scene in Nordic countries. That's nonsense. By European standards, the startup scene is great at least in Sweden and Finland. It's very Metro, isn't it? The latest Windows Phone 7.5 even has the same aggressive red as the default background color: http://www.microsoft.com/windowsphone/en-US/features/default... (Not trying to smear Microsoft as copycats. Their designers have been very open about their goals and inspirations.) I think he's saying that the MMX versions of these functions actually perform worse than what the compiler could produce from the plain C code, because the compiler would be able to use SSE2 for all floating-point math. Hence, these elaborately hand-optimized code paths are actually "pessimizations". Vastly more advanced. The NT kernel was designed by Dave Cutler (of VMS fame). When work on NT started, it was simply beyond what PCs could do: the design included every high-profile buzzword from the minicomputer world, as well as portability across CPU architectures and a hardware abstraction layer. (Originally NT was supposed to be OS/2 3.0.) NT was one of Microsoft's most brilliant long-term investments. It delivered the true Unix competitor they needed in the '90s, and the kernel is still there in Windows 8 with no urgent need to replace it. They should have called it Copiology, in honor of that other religion which also subverts technological concepts to advance a secret business agenda. It seems that Smarterphone has the unique and HN-worthy feature of being the only mobile OS written in... Lisp! So sayeth Wikipedia, at least: "The user interface of Smarterphone OS is programmed in a scripting language, which is a variant of Scheme with object-oriented extensions." [1] It's hard to imagine that Nokia will use this OS unless it's extremely lightweight and can fit on their supercheap 40 USD dumbphones (in which case it would be a replacement for the ancient Series 30). A talent acquisition, I think. (Edit -- Smarterphone's news page claims that their software is for the 25-75 USD price segment [2]. So maybe this actually has a shot of becoming Nokia's lowest-range OS to replace Series 30.) [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smarterphone [2] http://www.smarterphone.com/news.php ... funny YT videos, a small adwords budget, sending a well-written digest to tons of app-reviewing journals/blogs ... Don't bother. Everybody tries these, and they won't get you any attention. Unless you're Sony and you have a million dollars to blow on mindbending visuals for a product commercial, uploading stuff on YouTube is pointless. AdWords won't do anything unless your product targets a very specific niche. There are 500,000 apps on the iOS and Android app stores, so app reviewers get far too many review requests. If you get any feedback, it will be from a shady review site who wants you to pay for the chance that your app may be looked at. I wasn't putting down Scheme's efficiency, but pointing out that there's not much room for another new OS in Nokia's software lineup. Nokia is known to be already working on a new cheap Linux-based featurephone platform, "Meltemi". If Smarterphone is to live on at Nokia, it needs to be so simple that everyone can be convinced that it has no overlap with Meltemi; otherwise Nokia's corporate immune reactions will destroy Smarterphone soon enough. The benchmark posted in the project's readme shows that it's nearly as fast as Discount, which is a Markdown parser written in plain C. You underestimate modern JS engines. Can someone more familiar with these products explain why they decided against ZeroMQ even though it apparently offers by far the best performance? The ZeroMQ "note" part sounds like there's a bug in the Python library, but that hardly seems to be grounds for eliminating it completely from the "race". Thanks for the explanation! But how do you prove that the patent license is too expensive? It's just as possible that the patent price is "fair" and WP7 is being sold at below cost because it's doing so badly in the market. I've finally finished another update to my Radi app. It's a Mac design tool that can be used to produce animation and videos, with output to HTML5. This update adds a number of tools that hopefully make the app more useful for real work. The big one is frame-by-frame animation of shapes, so you can do traditional 2D animation. There's also new support for Markdown blocks with an integrated style editor, so you can easily edit rich text that becomes clean HTML. I've also updated the landing page somewhat: http://radiapp.com/ ... There's now a comparison box with other HTML5 animation editors, and more screenshots. Would love to hear your comments about it... There's a handful of examples at the top of the landing page (blue box with heading "Watch some examples"). Is it poorly placed or too small maybe...? I'll add a nav item for it to the menu. Anyway, I hear what you say about the need for impressive examples. I don't have the talent for that; my current examples are certainly not too interesting. I guess I'll have to invest some money into it... (Since Radi is free, it's not making me anything, and so far it's been strictly a hobby project. Maybe it's time to take it a bit further.) Thanks :) To be fair, I didn't start from scratch because a substantial part of Radi is in frameworks that I originally made for Conduit Live, my bread-and-butter product [1]. I've been working on it for about 5 years, and with Radi, I was exploring the idea of doing something "webby" with these imaging/video software pieces that I had at hand. [1] http://lacquer.fi/conduitlive.html I made a preliminary effort towards a Windows port a few months ago. It's running, but not really usable. Here's a screenshot: http://radiapp.com/radi-windows-sshot-20110805.jpg I haven't looked deeply at Edge since the initial release. One fundamental difference is that Radi's output is completely custom rendering into either or , while Edge uses CSS for animation. I wrote a blog post about that with lots more detail: [1] Although there's some overlap, the approaches are basically complementary. Hence I'm hoping to make Radi into not so much a competitor to apps like Edge and Hype, but rather a more creation-oriented tool that can be used together with these other apps that focus more on building entire sites. Now that e-books are becoming basically HTML5 packages, I'm hoping to find some opportunity for Radi in that market as well... But I haven't done any deeper research into that yet. [1] http://lacquer.fi/pauli/blog/2011/08/why-radi-uses-canvas/ It's basically a planned replacement for C++ as the language used to program the Mozilla apps themselves (and native add-ons). It wouldn't make sense as a scripting language that runs on Mozilla. Can you provide some examples where an FPGA provides such performance gains over a modern CPU and GPU combo? The tagline does sound like something from the '50s. "COBOL - a program that generates software from written instructions" For fast lossless image compression algorithms that are used by the world's leading visual effects studios, check out OpenEXR: http://www.openexr.com From the Features page: "The current release of OpenEXR supports several lossless compression methods, some of which can achieve compression ratios of about 2:1 for images with film grain. OpenEXR is extensible, so developers can easily add new compression methods (lossless or lossy)." An OpenEXR file can contain 8-bit channels. Maybe you can drop the "for smart people" -- the same kind of magazines that blather about horoscopes tend to run lots of stories along the lines of "How to recognize a narcissist". Something about AppleInsider's writing makes me feel like I'm reading an old copy of the Soviet Union magazine. Maybe it's the constant talk about industrial production power and revolutionary breakthroughs that, after years of careful planning, will soon be unveiled to the shock of hapless competitors. I still remember a claim that Apple switched from ATI to NVIDIA chips in laptops the week before they were announced because of a leak from ATI... as if Apple could even do that so quickly for a product that was about to ship.... but people believe it. The story was "Steve got really mad and now the new MacBooks will ship with NVIDIA chips!" I know for a fact this is false because you can't change production that fast... but people believe those kinds of lies. You're remembering the story wrong. It wasn't about laptops, and the switch took 6 months rather than a week. What happened was that in July 2000, when the Mac G4 Cube was about to be launched, ATI accidentally pre-announced the product with their press release about their Radeon chips being used in the Cube. Six months later it was time for another MacWorld and another set of Mac updates. All the new G4 Macs used NVIDIA graphics boards instead of ATI. This was the first time in several years that Apple wasn't using ATI GPUs at all, and people speculated that this change might be due to ATI's PR slip-up. Only Japanese Symbian phones would qualify as featurephones because they lacked the ability to install native apps. The rest of the Symbian devices were real smartphones, for example the popular N95. (They didn't have QWERTY keyboards, but that doesn't make a smartphone.) So John Gruber is basically an official Apple announcement channel now? The difference is that other journalists who got the preview also write about other products, whereas Gruber only writes about Apple. When an Apple-exclusive blog gets preferential treatment and news scoops directly from Apple, it's reasonable to ask whether it's anything more than Phil Schiller's astroturfing outlet. Being compared to MacWorld is hardly an endorsement of an independent blogger's journalistic integrity. Unfortunately Apple's new Command Line Tools for Xcode doesn't include regular gcc, but Apple's gcc-compatible wrapper around LLVM (i.e. /usr/bin/gcc is a symlink that points to llvm-gcc). llvm-gcc doesn't compile many projects correctly, including gcc itself (as of Xcode 4.2 there were reports that it's not possible to compile a gcc cross-compiler using llvm-gcc). Hopefully there have been improvements in this regard. Still, anyone who needs the real gcc will have to install it through some other means. The gcc installed by Xcode 4.0.2 is able to compile working gcc cross-compilers. The llvm-gcc installed by Xcode 4.1+ isn't. This is problematic for the Cocotron project [1], which is an Xcode-compatible cross-compiler environment for creating Windows/Linux ports of Cocoa apps. Currently one has to revert to Xcode 4.0.2 to build Cocotron's cross-compiler, then upgrade back to 4.2... This is not terribly convenient. (I guess the long-term solution is that Cocotron either has to add a dependency on a non-Apple gcc, or needs to switch to clang for its cross-compiler.) [1] http://code.google.com/p/cocotron/ Point taken. But when llvm-gcc doesn't compile the code that every other instance of gcc found on modern platforms does, it's hard to argue that it's the same thing. Edit -- the llvm-gcc project doesn't seem to share your opinion of the project as being "just another back-end". They certainly don't claim that it's fully compatible, only that it supports "many" features, "most" options, "a number of" extensions: "Being derived from the GNU Compiler Collection, llvm-gcc has many of gcc's features and accepts most of gcc's options. It handles a number of gcc's extensions to the C programming language." http://llvm.org/cmds/llvmgcc.html