In fact, the fact that a letter could not encrypt to itself was part of the weaknesses of the Enigma machines used by the Germans during WWII, which eventually led to its breakage. It seems to me that this could be improved with a few handy shortcuts. Because it is actually running your commands in an actual interpreter, executing unplanned commands is only a problem because you can't input it. Having a few keystrokes to go back, edit/enter a command, go to line N, would make this problem disappear. Or do it the other way, and have a keystroke insert the next line from your script. Like Ctrl-R, but at the speed of my typing. How easy is it to generate the level from the set of tiles? I don't suppose you can name this magical institute that has more women applicants and staff? The fact that they are providing a rating instead of preference doesn't in any way prevent them from overcompensating. gRPC is not necessarily the magical tool everyone would like to believe. It is mostly developed by Google with a lot of magic in it. For instance, in Python using gRPC is totally incompatible with multiprocessing (meaning: it will crash both processes) and has been for a year (1.4.0...1.8.4), because of all the C logic (and multiple threads) running behind it. I for one am glad they didn't go towards custom protocols with single complex implementations, towards something that can be assembled easily from standard components. Using a blurred version of the whole image as background is probably better than what the OP is doing, as I understand it he's treating the background as a single fixed color. In particular my use case is cleaning up pictures of whiteboards, where the brightness from the room is not as constant as a scan, and the approach wouldn't work at all. Probably an easy PR for that repo though? Maybe I'm confused, but how this announcement from Facebook contain personal data? Twitter used to have RSS versions of every profile, accessible through api.twitter.com without credentials. It was awesome. They retired it years ago... I took the time to make a proxy (Twitter API to RSS), and though I did write a few more, a lot more services still provide feeds (such as YouTube, Reddit, Steam, GitHub) than I thought they would. RSS is still going strong. Isn't that where they are doing with the "paid subscriptions"? Twitch has that already with the "subscribe" and "bits" buttons. The step being changing their monetization policy without notice or warning, or blocking a popular channel for everyone? I never saw the amount of the donations as a limitation in the platform. Maybe the fact that it is so easy to setup many donations push donors to spread out their money too much? The amount of the donations was always the number one complaint I saw against getting donations through this platform... Personally I don't think I want to use them anymore if they move away from recurring donations to giving it all at once, like the blog post suggests. I wouldn't call the "live bookmark" feature a "traditional reader" either. It is actually pretty unique, and doesn't scale very well. Can't talk for the parent, but things like ..=, impl Trait (especially for arguments), new try/catch syntax, ... were pretty controversed (and that's among the accepted RFCs only). Zulip seems to be trying for "a better Slack", down to the (disgusting) pricing model centered around keeping your message history hostage. I have no need for a slightly better Slack. I can see how your topics make it slightly better to find message, but how do I find topics once there are hundreds of them? How do I find unrelated issues that popped up in a thread, like they tend to do in human conversation, and that people didn't bother to make into a new topic? "sets" is the English word you used You claim this is open-source, however I don't see an easy way to run this myself without relying on your infrastructure and signup up for an account there. Your "analyse locally" option requires an API key and is therefore very much misnamed. Hangouts and GotoMeeting are the only things I open in Chrome. I'm also completely sold on Tree Style Tabs, and I don't think I could now live without... Why is Java, a byte-compiled statically-typed language, "bloated", while R it SQL, interpreted scripting languages, not? I find the point hard to follow. Execution of an R script will go through many more "layers", downloaded from many different sources, and implemented in different languages. Those permissions though... I'd rather use an RSS Reader that doesn't access my camera, look at my pictures, control my wifi, and look and my call information. Yes. Ruby is not that slow, this is not quite the throughput that will require load-balancing or even caching. This is simply multiple Euclidian regions stiched together by portals. Seems very limited compared to actual non-Euclidian renderers like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pmSPlYHxoY SSH has a configuration file (.ssh/config) which lets you set configuration for specific hosts and even aliases: Host reproserver User remi Hostname 128.122.217.96 IdentityFile ~/.ssh/id_rpz This is exactly what I needed. I set up this exact shortcut years ago, in Chrome, and have been slightly annoyed for months that "r sub/top" didn't work on Firefox. Thank you stranger. How do I get notified when this happens? While that page technically has an RSS feed, I am not hopeful that it is the kind that will update when you update the site. Then it should probably be "une IHM", for "Interface Homme-Machine". There are garbage collection libraries in progress: rust-gc[1] and shifgrethor[2]. If you mean language support, then no, not really, though it was discussed in https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/issues/415 [1]: https://github.com/Manishearth/rust-gc [2]: https://github.com/withoutboats/shifgrethor Either also lives on in the `futures` library, where it is used when you have multiple things that can happen in your asynchronous task and you want to stick to static types rather than returning a trait object. https://docs.rs/futures/0.1/futures/future/enum.Either.html I also feel like this approach is a lot more valuable in languages that use static typing, such as Rust, Java, and TypeScript. In a yolo-typed language, it is just as easy to forget to handle the return type or the thrown exception. You should back off whatever the error. This is on the client to implement. 429 is not directly supported by HTTP libraries to make the client wait, so I don't feel like it would help getting misbehaving bots to slow down. You can't wait to renew, or someone who's willing to pay the price will steal your domain. Can you elaborate on this? If someone pwned my container and is able to execute commands, what does it change whether they get to use a text editor? Otherwise, what does it change whether unused programs are around? I am also surprised by how much this seems to be an answer to that movement, yet it comes a year after this apparent deadlock and all this fighting. Agreed, this is really far from technical debt. It's self-contained, the purpose of the function is clear. Add a comment or two, a unit test, and this is perfect. What I would call technical debt is if he had inlined those tricks all over his code, making it very hard to debug a wrong result or move away from this technique. It's even more puzzling since those quotes are not required in JavaScript... Also the Steam Linux client. If seen whiteboards used for this, by people not knowledgeable enough to setup something like Doc (or rather, not organized enough to set it up in advance). Then someone snaps a picture and sends it around. My experience is quite different. I am experiencing a 500 error on every push to the container registry in my project, I contacted GitLab support over two weeks ago, and the person has clearly no idea how to debug this (and seems very unfamiliar with GitLab, for example couldn't find the web page for my container registry from my Docker image name, e.g. registry.gitlab.com/my/project -> gitlab.com/my/project/container_registry). Very disappointed. This reads like a complete 180 on the previous policy. It's very far from a "change of wording". Don't get me wrong, I welcome it, and if the most we can get I feel like it is acceptable. However calling it a "change of wording" is a bit dishonest, really you reverted it completely in response to the negative feedback. Be careful that some of those files explicitly include others. For example my (default) ~/.profile includes ~/.bashrc, my ~/.bash_profile includes ~/.profile, /etc/profile includes /etc/bash.bashrc... So your capture here doesn't show only the files that bash itself decided to load. You also won't see the fallback files (e.g. bash will open .profile if .bash_profile doesn't exist). If you're using the Docker image (grafana/grafana), GF_AUTH_ANONYMOUS_ENABLED=true > there are None jobs ahead of yours... Sounds like I'll be getting it soon then :) If you crawl a package repository such as PyPI, you will find a lot of that same stuff in packages as well. Which is even weirder because those are created from a setup.py which does not have a `git add .` equivalent. People are not good at building clean archives. Isn't that what GVFS is? https://github.com/Microsoft/VFSForGit I'm not totally sure what the point of this is. This is advertised as exit codes "for humans and machines", however * humans will always get way more information from a readable error message printed to stderr before exiting * machines do not care about error details from third-party tools, apart from whether they are an input error (which can be blamed on the user, if they provided said input) or an internal error (including usage error) which is a bug and should be fixed by the calling program's developer Indeed, the README has a lot of examples of using it in your child program, to report error, but no example of a parent program dealing with the reported error. I take "aujourd'hui" to mean "today" and "au jour d'aujourd'hui" to mean "to this day", which is not the same. And the famous "Qu'est-ce que c'est que cette chose là ?", meaning "what is this thing", but literally "what is this that this is that this thing there?" I understand it to be slightly different, but I am not trying to argue for its use. The problem is that we are considering an issue where different people can get different objects for the same hash. If the people checking all see the valid files, they cannot raise any alarms to save the poor victims who got poisoned with the wrong objects. They'll clone from the wrong fork, and no amount of checking hashes or signed tags will prevent them from running compromised code. If this is your threat model, you don't need hashes or signed tags at all. Good for you. Thankfully both Fossil and Git disagree with you and take the threat seriously :) EarthArXiv's statement might bring some additional context: https://eartharxiv.github.io/cos.html But there already are tags for the bookmarks, which do not need to be created beforehand... > Why is all stable software technology old, and all recent technology fragile? Sounds like survival bias https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survivorship_bias I don't want to be overly simplistic, but the fact that this isn't even considered is a problem. Sure, some C89 and FORTRAN-77 code persists today, but how much has been lost/discarded? I'm sure we can find plenty of code written for non-standard C compilers that you couldn't even attempt to run today. It is likely that 100 years for now, running Python 2 code will be easier than running some (most?) proprietary toolkits used in the 90s (the ones he didn't mention). Could we get a winner according to some source? It's not like it matters a whole lot. Going by issuance date is probably good enough for most readers, but I have no idea how to go about finding that. crt.sh actually has their postgres database open to the public! You can connect with: psql -h crt.sh -p 5432 -U guest certwatch From what you're saying, the query would be: SELECT c.ID FROM certificate c WHERE (c.ISSUER_CA_ID = 16418 OR c.ISSUER_CA_ID = 7395) AND NOT x509_hasExtension(c.CERTIFICATE, '1.3.6.1.4.1.11129.2.4.3') OFFSET 1000000000 LIMIT 1; Unfortunately (but expectedly) it times out Also, how much resource does a 0-node cluster actually use on the control plane? GitHub is not open-source, though alternatives like GitLab and Gitea are. Are there JavaScript libraries that can keep the presentation in sync with the presenter? (or show some indication of the current slide) At a high level, if we assume a majority of people are following along and you chose a font size that works for them, having to turn the pages seems like a net negative, a return to printed presentations before video projectors were common in conference rooms. You can see which package depends on which package, if that dependency is declared in the package's metadata. But nothing at the file level. It seems to me that you have found two problems. I considered doing that, but decided against it because domain names are rented and not permanently yours. If I ever stop paying, make a mistake, or pass away, anyone can grab it and password-recover their way in all my accounts... I'm not sure if it's a good trade-off... The thread is 1 hour old. Or we could stop publishing/upvoting Medium posts... Doesn't the lock file lock exact versions? I actually always use the second one but with just `if ENV`, to catch the case where the variable is set but empty, which happens a lot in practice with Docker&co. async-std, their main competitor, is 1.5.0 Is this visible to other users anywhere? This seems like another group standing up against semver. Nothing in that post is specific to Docker. Also Git provides a `git describe` command, that builds a short identifier including a incrementing number and the commit hash (as well as the last tag). It's standard enough and used by a lot of people (e.g. Linux distros). It has the benefit of being instantly parsable by Git. What's wrong with that? Yeah this was brought up before. Obviously if that worked, that's the method Jitsi/Zoom/OBS would use. From previous thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22830968 You assume that every terrorist (or most terrorists) acts rationally and has the knowledge you know. That is a huge assumption for your reasoning to work. I think terrorists make mistakes (or take risks), and I'm not convinced that we catch all of those either. Once again, that is just your opinion, presented as fact. Personally I would argue that people acting rationally stay away from the terrorism business. Or use cookies, a token in the URL, or any of the existing CSRF mitigation strategies. This is not a new problem. Sensitive and destructive HTTP endpoints open to third-party origins is a bug with many existing solutions. So much work was put into the design of HTTP and Websockets in particular to avoid so many problems. Like how Websockets were made incapable to talk to any non-websocket TCP endpoint, to avoid exactly this class of attack where your browser would connect to your local SSH, FTP, ... server. There is a built-in Origin validation mechanism, and every websocket connection is going to come with its Origin and Cookies clearly marked. The browser will even disallow cross-origin requests that can modify data (e.g. non-GET) by default. If you go out of your way to build something like Webpack's websocket endpoint and forget to validate anything, it seems a bit dishonest to blame this on "security of the Web". Will you? https://github.com/kotartemiy/newscatcher/issues/3 Except it wasn't, os.O_WRONLY is for os.open() (equivalent of open syscall, takes numeric flags), not the built-in open() (equivalent of C fopen, takes "w" and similar strings). The entire argument seems to be around how painful and pointless it is to teach kids syntax. However most of the tools and courses I have seen that introduce programming to kids do away with syntax, by using visual programming and similar. Does the author think no improvement was done to programming tutorials in the last 40 years? Constantine Shulyupin, https://github.com/makelinux/linux_kernel_map My problem with this is the same as every other such systems: changes are tracked at the cell or row level, and not transaction level. So if I issue a SQL query fixing a column, for example changing 'na' values to NULL, and someone simultaneously makes changes that make a cell 'na', after a merge those cells will still be 'na'. So in reality, every time I merge something I need to go over and manually re-apply my bulk queries if needed. While the UX is much better than putting CSV files in Git, Dolt does not have a better understanding of data than Git, and does not help with common data transformations either. Nitpick, but if you're going to cite a DOI, you might as well use the canonical URL: https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.75.2.318 The fact that they tend to love their own children (which is not a specifically female or motherly trait?) has little to do with whether the life they want for themselves is one of caring for 12 of them. So will Git. My problem is if that specific cell was not 'na' when the batch change was applied. In that case, there is no conflict. If those were SQL transaction, one would abort and re-try, giving you the correct result. Even when using a transaction model as simple as Redis, you would get a conflict if you issued the correct `WATCH` statements. I can tell that so much effort went into this video, with so much explanations and those impressive animations, but then the sound was set to -18dB on export, making it barely audible. Oops! Sorry about the late comment (hackernewsletter) but I found the pricing page a bit confusing, since you mention both "one-time payment" and license valid for one year". Do I have to pay every year to keep using the app? Detecting and fixing problems after your app has been deployed is NO WHERE NEAR as good as avoiding problems. Not depending on thousands of packages from thousand of strangers is about avoiding problems. Auditing detect issues in published packages. You can't know ahead of time in your CI that an issue is going to be found in that package. Previous sentence in this paragraph: > By leveraging ownership and type checking, __many__ concurrency errors are compile-time errors in Rust rather than runtime errors. I am not very versed in those legal matters but I imagine there is a whole spectrum between Facebook (where all your content is personal and you should be able to take it out as needed) and Stack Overflow or Wikipedia (where taking out answered questions or articles when an author wants it doesn't make sense). I wonder how this is regulated, especially in regions with "strong" right to be forgotten e.g. Europe. More than once I have stumbled on deleted Reddit comments that looked to have something I was looking for. Maybe it's good that the right type of content is posted in places with the right kind of deletion rules, but this should definitely be advertised clearly (so people don't start Q/A type subreddits, and conversely don't post personal info on HN). > things that are not open source are rarely not well written I think you got lost in your triple negative there `List` usually refers to a linked list or similar. Vec has the important feature that it encapsulate a contiguous array, which matters in a languages like Rust. As you say, it would probably not work on foreign governments, but would be very effective on the general population. They could have used that to cause political turmoil (hopefully not enough to change something like elections results?) or influence stock prices etc. This just looks so uninspired... Where did you opt-in? I wasn't asked before it showed up, and then I disabled it through the "Settings > Profile > Profile Settings" page. An array of references. Plus, Python has no way to consume a contiguous array directly. If you do interoperate through FFI with code in C or similar, you will have to reach for numpy arrays, which are the typed, contiguous arrays of Python. I've just been using this function in my bashrc: kubea(){ if [ "$#" = 1 ]; then KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/configs/"$1" else ls -1 ~/.kube/configs/ fi } That way I can "activate" a specific config the same way I activate my Python virtualenv, for a specific terminal. I also add the basename of the config to my prompt. kubea myproject-PROD So you're not interested in helping in the study at all, you just want the vaccine in advance. It's funny, I used to have something exactly like this, but found that too many other tools and scripts also needed to access the right cluster. Persistent state works better for me in practice. Cool name. What is it? This entire website only has those two inspirational sentences and a mission statement. I had a recurring donation until they decided to take a step that was obviously going to get them sued. I support IA's mission and products, but won't throw money in legal proceedings they set themselves to lose; I feel like this is better spent on EFF etc who are serious about it. I object to modern intellectual property and publishing practices as much as anyone, but what did they expect would happen when they dropped their entire legal justification? I knew that! And I have no problem with it, since EFF are upfront about what the money is for (and are probably better/more rational about the battles they pick) So they did! However I can expect that if the odds turn bad, they won't waste money grasping at straws. If IA decides to pull another similar stunt, EFF probably won't defend them there. More importantly, I am not enabling those stunts with my support and my money, at least until this one is resolved. Of course I do hope EFF gets them acquited somehow, but I don't like those odds (and they probably didn't either and charged ahead regardless, which is my problem). I would love to "split the halves" like you said, and would if I had any assurance that the half they get supports things like the WayBack machine. However for all I know, they'll just use it to make the whole Netflix catalogue available for free next month. I guess what I'm trying to say is that their management lost my trust. Quantum Chess is different, it allows players to move a piece twice in the same turn (in sequence) at the cost of a 50% chance of not moving at all. This is different from issuing multiple different moves in one turn. If you just need to send the request, not read the content in full, that can be done by one free-tier cloud VM. Can the CSS be fixed so that the right side of the text fit in the window? https://imgur.com/a/hnRpLZH No offense but this just won't sell. Unless you have a truly novel and amazing mechanic, this is just another TD game like the hundreds available for free anywhere (thousands on itch.io). Spending on art is not a nice-to-have here, it's a real requirement for people to take you seriously (though it might not be enough to get them to spend money). This video/screenshot won't get anyone to stop scrolling past, whatever the quality of the product. I was thinking this. The canvas tag displays its contents if the canvas API is not supported, while the script tag is ignored. This means the browser still has to know about the tag to be able to not-implement it the right way. Is there even a good offline version of this? There are some opensource tools for speed-to-text but what about batch processing of audio files? "MP3 to Text" seems very inaccurate since you can only upload video files. In fact uploading an .mp3 file shows "File type not supported". edit: I get it, OP just keeps submitting his service with different descriptions until one gets some upvotes. Only took 25 tries to get 30 points. Shameful. Apparently you're limited to 50 MB for free, which is pretty short if you can't send audio files but only videos. Wow this is exactly what I had in mind for "opensource tools for speed-to-text". I didn't know it did this too. Thanks a lot! Google Cloud offers 1 free always-on f1-micro VM. The problem that I see, the difference between software and other engineering domains is this: it is easy to re-purpose software. Macbooks and programs like scikit-learn are not inherently dangerous or bad, but once that's available to everybody it's easy for one individual (not even with engineering background) to make a harmful piece of software. It only take one person with evil intentions to build a racist prediction algorithm for their insurance company and affect millions, where it takes dozens of engineers to build a bomb or a border wall and harm thousands. The idea that engineers could unionize and refuse to build facial recognition while continuing to develop self-driving car building blocks seems unworkable in practice. Unless we lock all the open-source ML code and only let people access it after taking some kind of pledge? And the selling point of structured logging is that's it's more friendly for computers to consume. "Structured logging for humans" sounds like unstructured logging... PWA refers to the client-side app only. They are not related. It's not even that, why does this headline deserve to stick out from others on the HN front page? What's the next step, make your title bold or twenty lines long for an unfair click advantage? > 𝐀𝐜𝐭𝐮𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐲 𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞 𝐞𝐱𝐞𝐜𝐮𝐭𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞 I'd rather see submissions stand out for their content. I'm not blaming the HN submitter, but you can also see how bloggers can easily abuse this if whatever unicode characters they put in their title are allowed in the HN submission on the grounds of "it's a direct copy/paste". Personally the complete removal of bookmark keywords (like search keywords but syncs across devices) makes me want to abandon ship. The fact that all telemetry/privacy settings were reset doesn't help... "Content provider" usually refers to people making that content (e.g. individual users of YouTube or Facebook). Maybe "platform" or "service provider" is more appropriate? This is not what people write in Python or PHP, but this is what people write in C extensions for Python or PHP. Having your JIT be that fast allows you to forego those extensions and write the low-level hot loops in the same language, and that's a huge improvement. You usually don't care how your matrix multiplication/regex matching/unicode normalization/JSON parsing is implemented, but people had to make those, and they are users of the language too. Even though it might not change the bottom-line for your high-level app. Why would I use this instead of my browser's bookmarks, which have tags, folders, and search, and are less likely to be discontinued by the product storing them? Unusual? Reddit and Twitter have it, GitHub/GitLab have anchors too, which platform lacks comment links? This has to be a new all-time low in website layout. `max-width:460px` means that it uses less that 24% of my screen space, on my laptop . I have to scroll through 3 pages of 12-point, 10-word wide text. I heard the arguments for 80-column code but 80-column websites? If this is their idea of a "web book" feel, it would be a book held 4 feet from your face. I read the whole README but have no idea what this does. Is it letting you know when you change files that have had a large number of bug fixes recently? With the assumption that a code location that was recently fixed is likely to have more bugs? Wouldn't the fact that a location was fixed recently imply that it now has fewer bugs? And wouldn't a location that hasn't been touched recently be likely to be problematic? Are you sure it's not discovering bad developers? Maybe critical areas, e.g. that have the same amount of bugs as the rest but are complained about more? (since the algorithm can only consider bugs that have been reported, so biased to areas important to users) Or maybe that are prioritized by management? (since it considers fixed bugs, so bias towards bugs that were fixed first) Hopefully an increased scrutiny on new patches to those areas leads to fewer bugs getting in which breaks the feedback loop, but if bugs are fixed in separate commit this sounds like it could have negative effects (specific developers/areas getting all the attention, leading to the discovery of more bugs/nitpicks there, reinforcing the bias...). I feel like the "skills" vocabulary should probably be more controlled. This will help a lot with search in the future. I'm thinking things like "programming", "programming/Python", "programming/JavaScript", "design", "localization/French". "main" might be an okay default, it's non-descriptive enough to work in many situation, but if you're making the effort of renaming it why not use a more explicit name? * If "master" is the current stable version with development happening in feature branches, why not use "stable" or "production"? * If "master" is the next version under development which will be released when deemed stable enough, why not use "devel" or "next"? As a non-LD person, I've been very disappointed by the JSON-LD stuff when I tried to use it recently. I thought the point was to be able to "enrich" your API by adding a context and not changing your JSON responses, but in practice: * There is no way to update your context without breaking your JSON-LD-aware consumers (one term in your JSON can't link to two IRIs, so you can have it expand to the new term or the old one, not both) * There is no way to "expand" values to IRIs, the context only does it for keys, so if your JSON contains `{"personRole": "manager"}` you can 't expand it to `{" http://myschema.org/personRole" : " http://myschema.org/manager"}` , you actually need that second IRI in your JSON Really it's a great way to represent linked data, but there were plenty of options already. I wish it bridged the gap with JSON APIs instead of merely looking like JSON. Getting "404 not found" for any video result e.g. https://cdn.iiit.ac.in/cdn/bhaasha.iiit.ac.in/lipsync/static... So why do we need it? I assumed the title referred to a dev team that deals with data, not a dev team led by using data. Why not use the title from the article, "How to run a data-driven dev team without being a performance tyrant"? This should probably get tagged [2013] or something, there are now built-in options into most platforms (at least Android, iOS, Plasma). How does that work? Do you have to set a clock in your monitor or does it use some sort of ambient light sensor? What's frustrating is that mapping to multiple terms was almost included: https://github.com/json-ld/json-ld.org/issues/142 I didn't know about JSON:API, thanks for the pointer. It seems to tighten the JSON responses a bit, but doesn't address linking or extending vocabularies though. A lot of languages still haven't. A problem here is that this can't be solved by the package manager alone but needs support in the module loader too (often built into the language). Python's PIP is getting a proper dependency solver, but there can still only be one package with a given name in an environment. So if package A needs numpy>=2 and package B needs numpy If you release a new major version of your package and you expect this will be a problem for people, you have to use a different package name (e.g. beautifulsoup4, jinja2). That is if the name for the next version isn't getting squatted on pypi.org. That doesn't seem to be the case: > Let’s Encrypt is a CA. > We recommend that most people with shell access use the Certbot ACME client. Referring to "one lab of the US Department of Energy" as "America" is pushing it a little bit. One of those is a whole continent. This is arguing that Docker is "harmful" because the components it builds on existed before. That makes no sense at all. Only when I got to the 5th section did it make some sort of argument, which ended up being about Docker not using an init system to manage daemons, and the usual problem this brings to badly-written images (process reaping). Ignoring the fact that plenty of daemon managers exist, and are used both with and without Docker, like supervisord. Don't contributors retain the rights on their contributions in most cases? I see nothing about contributor agreements or copyright assignment in Caddy's repo. Adding complexity you don't need is a bad thing, but the alternative presented is what exactly? Build packages of my software for each distribution my customers use, and tell them to write custom scripts that will bootstrap chroots on each production machine, install the software in there with the distro's package manager, then set up systemd unit files that will run those with systemd-nspawn? You also have to own a Mac and either an Apple Watch or iPhone to enable two-step verification. Yep. I looked into paying the $99/year last year to get my open-source app to open on double-click (rather than right click > open > yes I understand it's not verified). Couldn't proceed without an iPhone. You mean that from a remote place or fast-moving ship, the time on Earth would appear to go at a different speed? So local time would not just have a constant offset? You would want some global reference time, and that could be a number of seconds passing on Earth. However locally you can't work with a clock that doesn't tick at a constant rate (if seconds on your spaceship go twice as fast, the crew can work with that; if the rate changes day-to-day as you accelerate, that's a problem). In addition, you will probably want clocks that run at a given perceived speed, to time physical processes that take the same time everywhere (e.g. so your cookie recipe saying "bake for 600 seconds" work without translation). You can't do math on that directly though. You'd still need to convert them to a common reference frame for comparison. "Made-up difficulty of showing text" They are unsupported by the PSF, but still supported by Linux distributions. For example Ubuntu 16.04 uses Python 3.5 and is still supported until April 2021 (security updates until April 2024). Your post got me intrigued, but I couldn't get any multiplayer to work. Does it only work when signed in? I think it is cool to offer some functionality to guest users, however they should make it clearer what the limitations are so that people evaluating it get a good sense for the features. I even created an account, which changed my repl to "anyone can edit" to "forks on edit" apparently? But still no multiplayer? Well it looks down now. That's my experience as well. It will only recommend videos that I assume are popular globally, and old videos from channel I've watched in the past (including videos I've already watched), until I watch enough of something new and it suddenly switches to only recommending that. There's gotta be some middle ground... I don't understand how the recommendation algorithm seems so brittle, given that advertising is their core business, and that I am manually doing so much of the work by subscribing to channels I enjoy. A simple feed of recent updates from channels I subscribe to would be an improvement; in fact I think I mostly find videos to watch from Twitter. You should keep track of it in the way you want to present it, which in this case is probably the line and column numbers. I don't think it's much different in C++ and Rust. The size doesn't matter if you're using an iterator and throwing the tokens away, only storing/presenting them if there's an error. Computing the position might have some overhead, but it's probably better than going over the whole file from the top when you want to turn that pointer into line/column numbers. As for the content, in Rust this would be in your token structure (or rather in Rust your Token::StringLiteral enum variant), storing start/end pointers for each token seems weird to me. [edit: Rustc uses byte indexes though, so my intuition might have missed something important for the design of larger compilers: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/7bdb5dee7bac15458b10b... ] The recent Firefox Android change ("upgrade") added "bookmark collections" whatever those are, so hopefully some work is being done on that front? Codepoints do not match characters. You only need to deal with codepoints to tokenize, but to find the column you need to count characters, which require a unicode database. I think this is what the parent was referring to, though I suspect a lot of compilers simply ignore this issue. B+tree is a B-tree with no data except at the leaves, and with sibling leaves linked. You can set up your own Mastodon or Matrix server and send messages, I am not sure which federation you're thinking of that requires "registration". The way the impersonation problem is dealt with in ActivityPub is very similar to DKIM in the SMTP world: the sender uses a cryptographic signature (HTTP signature) to prove that he is allowed to send messages from that actor. Of course this doesn't prevent someone from sending spam from their domain, in either case. This sounds like watchpoints which can be used both for loops and (tail-)recursive functions. The Disqus WordPress plugin has been hacked. The "central authority" is the working group which authors the protocol specs, similar to how a federation of states' central authority would edict laws. There is actually some debate as to whether it's really a federation if the central authority can override member states (as per https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federation ) The objection seems to be that there is no word to spread. Only a link to a registration page. That is probably the page where the words should be... Can someone share links to rooms on fossnode.org? So people can join from their existing accounts? [edit] Or enable the public room list? You guessed right, the GitHub repositories only include the code, and the README mentions (emphasis mine): > All code is under the GPL Version 3 license. And the linked page: > Very important note: This doesn’t mean that the game is suddenly free. It just means that people are free to use the source however they want as long as they adhere to the GPL3 licence. The game and all of its content is still owned by Frictional Games. Just like before. I have a slight stutter if I don't pay attention and slow myself down. Feels like I'm trying to speak faster than I can articulate the words. Interestingly that only happens in my natural language. I have been living in the US for 8 years and that hasn't been a problem when I speak English. I remember this being considered by CloudFlare (to replace CAPTCHAs for Tor users) but they ultimately went with a different approach that make CAPTCHAS anonymous (while still intending them for humans). https://blog.cloudflare.com/the-trouble-with-tor/#clientside... I see "Shipping: C $89.99 (approx. US $67.34) Standard Int'l Shipping" Trying to list rooms still gives me a 403 error. I hate to say it, but why use a decentralized chat app if you're building a silo? You can always truncate the content of the feed to have people visit. For smaller sites which don't have new content every day, an RSS feed means I'll come back, no feed means I'll probably forget about it and never come back at all. Layout is actually difficult and offers a great many interesting problems when you try to parallelize it or efficiently use GPU acceleration. There are a lot of constraints and text is difficult to size and render. The JVM actually had a lot of features that are slowly appearing in JavaScript. Standard bytecode format (like WebAssembly), security/authentication (origin, content security policy)... One day JS engines will add cryptographic signatures to replace the complex origin rules and they will unify the WebAssembly workflow with the JavaScript code pipeline and we'll have a full JVM again. People rarely go out of their way to put in positive review (or at least neutral reviews, "works as expected"). The current cheats implemented by apps probably affect the ratio of positive reviews per user a lot, making it indicative only of how effective the cheat is, and not the quality of the app. I wonder if you could get away with only negative reviews? Would a "negative review per total install" metric be worse than "positive reviews per review" (e.g. current ratings)? Isn't that the UNIX philosophy, just developed further? Do one thing and easily compose, applied to hosts? I don't think Gitter development was very active, before or after their acquisition by GitLab. It has been pretty much the same since 2016. It being folded into another tool felt inevitable to me. How is this data collected? I can see how they would be able to get statistics from clients hitting CloudFlare servers, but how can they report on the traffic hitting google.com or microsoft.com? Kubernetes is pretty simple, compared to some of those. The "master" servers read from Etcd and talk to daemons on the worker servers (Kubelet) to start/stop Docker containers, or to cloud APIs to manipulate volumes and network configuration. Then there's just a web server to answer API requests to read/write Etcd. There are some components running on top of this to provide networking, DNS, logging, etc, which simply run as containers on all machines. Of course there are many types of objects, many possible addons for logging/network/..., and the API authentication is quite complex, but the overall concept is quite simple and builds directly on Etcd. They can tell bots and DoS traffic from the DNS request? Aren't a lot of vaccines already required by law in a lot of countries? Why is this a bad thing, especially when faced with a global pandemic? [edit: Actually clicked on the link now. I can see what Anti-vaxxers cranks would have against it, though of course I don't think those should be paid any heed.] A problem with most commands is that they usually don't need extremely-unfortunate typos or russian-roulette-enabled shells to turn into something wrong: they are usually wrong in passing , while you're typing them. I always wondered if something could be done against the effects of an accidental premature return. Some of us have cats... `sudo rm -rf /tmp/workdir` starts with `sudo rm -rf /` `git reset libs` starts with `git reset` which will wipe your staging area `docker-compose rm -f db` starts with `docker-compose rm -f` which will remove all stopped containers (and their logs) Most commands just tend to do something very broad with no arguments, and the fact that paths start with bigger folders and go down to files doesn't help either. No GUI tool would ask you to confirm before you type in the path, the way shell commands tend to. So should good-faith participants just forget about getting their shirt, since people are welcome to open PRs against their own repos and grab the 70k allocated shirts? The limit on the number of shirts might be the issue. Did you consider removing the speed component of this? > This year, the first 70,000 participants who successfully complete the challenge will be eligible to receive a prize. How about choosing 70,000 participants at random? Or any other criterion that doesn't encourage quick content-less contributions? You can temporarily prevent non-collaborators from opening PRs via settings>moderation>interaction limits. However I agree, it is strange that you can disable features like issues but not PRs. If applications are distributed by the same people, at the same frequency, linked against the same versions of the dependencies, why have two distribution mechanisms at all? What you're describing sounds like it could be a separate APT channel ("backports", "non-free", "edge", hell call it "flatpak" if you want) but doesn't need another package manager and package format. A lot of languages like Rust and Go (but also C++) mostly do static linking. There is also nothing preventing you from installing multiple importable modules, or module names already used by somebody else, etc. It is really a behavior that most people would describe as "broken" if there wasn't a need to keep supporting the legacy of existing packages. Is it, though? If the instructions in your "How to start?" section don't work, that feels more like a bug. I went through all the exercises and didn't find a point where this was relevant. Currently, the initial HEAD actually contains the solution for a future exercise. It was also created by a different user than the rest of the exercises. Maybe the detached HEAD should contain a README with instructions like "You are in detached HEAD mode, reach the master branch to continue" If your screen is too wide to read websites comfortably, why don't you resize your browser? What is the point of buying a bigger monitor if you're still going to full-screen your browser to the point you can't read anymore? Isn't the point of bigger monitors to show more things at once? Agreed. On the other hand, it probably could have done without the sound. I'm not trying to tell you what to do. But if YOU make your browser wider than YOU can comfortably read, why do you expect ME the developer to do something with CSS to deal with it? That is the way your preferences affect me. Is there any async/promise support yet? Can I get a promise for the result of a task and await it, rather than block or poll? You seem to be using HTTP but removing the "web" and TCP part of this. If this is meant as an API framework for making signed, replicable requests & responses, why involve HTTP at all? In particular, you probably do NOT want to be serving GET requests over this slow, inefficient transport at all, it would be much more appropriate for the state to be published to the chain (that's what blockchains are for...) and have clients read from there rather than issue duplicate idempotent requests. I don't know, that seems to match real-world policies, where there are unemployment aids but they're usually contingent on you being employed some of the time (e.g. runs out if you haven't been employed in X months). Oh I see. Then we are agreeing :) Yes, and there's also the possibility of over-fitting, finding a local minimum, or the population size being too small... That's probably right. A quick internet search shows up domains like applecoronavirus.com and similar, as well as this court case [1] where they acquired a bunch of ipod related names. I suspect they are only parking those names after recovering them or buying them preemptively. Domain names are cheap, so why not. I don't think that's any argument for the possession of the /8 though. I remember Google had ownership of duck.com until recently, so they probably participate in the wholesale acquisition of random domains as well [2]. [1]: https://techcrunch.com/2010/01/07/apple-domain-names/ [2]: https://www.theverge.com/2018/12/12/18137369/duckduckgo-duck... In this case it looks like a lot of them don't have A records at all. If you're bringing in those buckets, you are already in the slippery slope bringing you to the current system. Why not a bucket for people who visit the site often? A bucket for people using advanced site feature A, feature B? A bucket for people who subscribe to /r/teen? It's in a list of annoyances, together with 16 others. I don't think anyone is being "a religious extremist about" it... Honestly it still seems like a lot this way. If those platform crates are just backends for libc (or similar to libc), why aren't they all folded in a single project? Having them as separate crates open the gate for supply-chain attacks without really allowing greater control or expressiveness. You are always going to pull all of them in, you are unlikely to ever use them directly, and they have no more impact on compilation than features. Having to use proc-macro2+quote+syn for macros feels wrong, considering it's a language feature. Having to pull in 4 crates for pinning also seems wrong. This could easily be a single utility crate, and if you really need all this cruft to use Pin (a language feature) most of this should probably be in std. The async I/O feels like definite bloat. Not only is that a lot of futures-* crates, but I know from first-hand experience that those tend to implement multiple versions of some primitives (like streams) that are incompatible. Fair enough. Although if that site is Reddit, that includes a lot of information about my preferences for many things. They can perform experiments to validate the more generic result: the relation between the speed of sound and the mass of the atoms. The specific result about solid hydrogen will still be an extrapolation though. You can do the opposite, include your message (or a digest of it) in a medium that is hard to alter, for example a newspaper, notaries, Twitter, a blockchain, etc (or preferably a combination of those). Some of those solutions don't prevent you from publishing multiple versions of the message and only revealing one however. On the other hand if you're trying to show that you did something (not just authored a message) at a given time, it's a bit harder, because you can always notarize the video long after it has been recorded. The best way to deal with this one (in the absence of trusted parties that might attend in-person) might be to do it in a public place e.g. in the library while a specific event is happening, on the street while some specific work is being done, in front of a newspaper stand in a shop etc. However I can see any of those faked using video editing. For that you use the other trick OP already knows to prove a lower bound, e.g. showing a newspaper or announcing a recent blockchain hash in the video (or include it in the other hash's computation). "destroy free speech" You will find that Holocaust denying specifically has been banned by law from a number of European countries for a very long time. And free speech is still doing just fine. This might not be the slippery slope you believe it is. Does free speech really apply to proprietary platforms in the first place? You are not prevented from saying whatever you want to whomever you want, you just can't broadcast it throughout their platform. You will not face legal sanction, only have your content be removed from the proprietary platform by the platform's owner. I'm seeing people complaining that they should be able to run their platform however they want and promote/ban whatever they want because of their freedom of speech. And then later I see people arguing that you shouldn't ban anything from your platform because freedom of speech. Hopefully those are distinct groups, but I can't shake the feeling that "freedom of speech" is mostly use dishonestly to try to justify one's actions no matter which direction they go. Wouldn't forcing Facebook, a private company, to promote and convey any and all content equally, even content that they fundamentally disagree with, be restricting their own freedom of speech? Why should they be forced to distribute such messages? If you are yelling or distributing pamphlets in my backyard and I don't like the message, and I ask you to move, I'm not sure you would refer to it as "censorship". I'm assuming this is not an HTTP setup then? In the HTTP world, setting X-Forwarded-For is usually enough. We agree then, this is "censorship", but has nothing to do with "freedom of speech" as codified in US law. If you think using THC in your goods makes you that "kind of business" , do you think being AGPL makes you that "kind of project" ? If you do, you can hardly blame Google for making the same distinction. AFAIK the common issue is software written or configured to read the header but deployed without a reverse proxy. If the load balancer is configured to set it, are there still security issues? GIMP used to have something similar, where the input boxes also contain two sliders: sliding on the top half would change the value around its current point, allowing for fine tuning, while clicking on the bottom half would set it immediately to that absolute value, so click in the middle = set it to 50% of the max. [1] has screenshots if I'm not making sense. It was a bit confusing and seems to be gone, they now use ctrl/shift modifiers instead of separating the area, which is arguably less awkward but also way less discoverable. [1]: https://www.gimp-forum.net/Thread-tip-Gimp-2-10-18-brush-too... Yeah I have 10+ machines with fail2ban configured and 0 of them on my LAN though. Damn I also hate the Google accounts mayhem. I will look into those containers. Right now I manually type ?authuser=1 into my URLs to have Google Docs open in the right account, but this breaks when I restart the browser and the page reloads with the wrong account... Why Google removes this parameter from URLs after loading is beyond me. In most states, your vote literally does not count. (mine doesn't for a different reason since I'm a foreign citizen) Android allows applications to disable screenshots while they are running, as a form of DRM. Honestly some hash or public key would probably work fine. "withinboredom" means nothing to me (no offense) and it would be easy to add your ID as a contact or git remote and never deal with it again. This is being worked on: "ForgeFed" https://github.com/forgefed/forgefed Syncthing does not work in the browser and does not provide on-demand access to files. It syncs directories. A similar system is molly-guard [1], which replaces the reboot/halt/poweroff/... commands with scripts that make you type in the name of the machine before proceeding. Avoids shutting down the wrong machine because you forgot where you SSH'd. [1]: https://manpages.debian.org/buster/molly-guard/molly-guard.8... Well finally I get the link. GitHub has been sending news about their "Game Off" in their weekly "GitHub explore the week" newsletter with a broken link. I should have known it would be somewhere on itch.io, doh! On-demand access to files is a completely different workflow than syncing. It would also clash with the name, and require a change in technologies to run in the browser, as well as transport protocols. You know what, if you are willing to spend this much time proving that you are "not technically wrong", I will give it to you. Sure, everything can be turned into anything, given enough effort. And Syncthing does show similarities if you squint really hard. It doesn't change the fact that the "have access to my music/movie collection on anything with a browser" mentioned by the grand-parent is not what Syncthing does, and is not even close to what it does now or what the team is interested in implementing [1]. While it is a great piece of software (that I personally use), this recommendation was misguiding. Have a good rest of your week. [1]: https://github.com/syncthing/syncthing/issues/6753#issuecomm... It seems to go on sale pretty often, but never as low as $5 in the US: https://steamdb.info/app/286160/ > up to 20 seconds on old smartphones That sounds like a very battery-unfriendly idea. They probably don't have general code that spam any form, it's more likely that they have code specific to GitLab CE instances that knows to post snippets. If GitLab changes their default configuration so that those snippets are no longer indexed by Google, the spammer are likely to stop using that GitLab CE spamming script, after a while. I don't know about those other features, but that definitely does not include the container registry. A plane is also much faster than a car, so the same comparison in terms of hours instead of miles would probably add a couple orders of magnitude. As a non-native English speaker, I'm always puzzled by Americans rhyming. How does this work? And why does wormhole monocle not? > JavaScript fullstack developer What does "fullstack" mean these days? Express and React (single language and two frameworks)? This prevents the application's thread from moving cores, but doesn't prevent an unrelated thread from using that core (especially in a hypervised environment). That unrelated thread could still perform those attacks against the application's thread. I don't know if I would refer to that as "variance" in the safety. A person can only die once, which puts a hard upper-bound on that. Variance in the death rate of events, maybe. Yeah, it feels to me that it used to be HTML, CSS, JavaScript, a server language like PHP, and a SQL database. Now it's just JavaScript (with JSX), JavaScript (with express), and a JSON store (MongoDB, etc). The term "javascript fullstack" in the submitted article just gave me pause, you can be "fullstack" and really know a stack that's one thing deep. I wish I could see something on that video. For an app focusing on delivering screencasts, you are dangerously bad at delivering screencasts. Even in fullscreen, this is barely readable. This video is prime example of why using videos is probably a bad idea when the focus is on text. It is so frustrating to see a screen where most of the content is impossible to make out. Pro-tip: don't record your demos on a 4k monitor setup or whatever this is. I just measured, and your IDE's font shows characters as 6 pixels high on my 1920x1080 monitor. Did you watch your recording? Are there advantages to running Gogs rather than Gitea nowadays? Don't ask the author though, or he might push it back further out of spite! There is a point to it though. With the number of games being released every year, especially in a genre dominated with indies, it is difficult to find games to play. Steam's tag are all over the place, with most "roguelite" games being tagged as "roguelike" too for publicity, and weird categories like "action roguelike" cropping up on any RPG with some degree of procedural generation. All the while, reddit's /r/roguelikes will not talk about anything that is not turn-based or outside of a tiled dungeon... It is frustrating because it seems such a simple problem to solve, just use "procedural-levels"/"start-from-scratch"/"turn-based" tags or whatever terms the community can come up with, rather than stamping the attractive-but-now-meaningless "rogue" name on everything. You need to guess both to use them , but you only need to guess the secret to get it revoked . GitHub does not check that the corresponding access key is somewhere in the repo too before taking action. You are right about this being impractical though. Couldn't we come up with a standard format for secret keys, that would make it obvious they are a secret and which service they're from? This would make scanners easier to implement, and would remove the requirement to partner with GitHub to get your key format supported. AWS uses an `AKIA` prefix for access keys (but none for secrets), SendGrid uses an `SG.` prefix on API keys, etc. States are not people, why should states have a voice? What voice would that be, if not the one of the people who live there? Unfortunately every voting system is flawed in some way and strategic voting is still rewarded. Not trying to sound like the current one is an intelligent option though, there are plenty of schemes that are strictly better, like the one you linked. You're saying it should be like this because it is like this. That doesn't take us very far. States "have a voice" in the local justice system and laws, as well as senators. Making the president of the whole country be elected directly by the whole country would not make states redundant, far from it. Still broken, the link is ` https://github.com/explore?auto_subscribed=false&email_sourc... ` Neat! I had created an LXC for Steam, but that was way more involved than I would have liked (especially setting up a pulseaudio socket accessible for it). The users could, but what can you do as a maintainer if they don't? Wouldn't an anonymity scheme such as [1] work in this context? Send only part of the hash of the app's certificate, and have the server send you all possible revoked certificates? [1]: https://blog.cloudflare.com/validating-leaked-passwords-with... It is similar to IPFS more than anything else. This applies: https://perkeep.org/doc/compare#ipfs I assumed there were too many revoked certificates for something like this to be viable, but I'm not surprised it is. You probably can't update the whole list that often though, compared to Apple's current OCSP revalidate time of 5 min. [edit: seems "delta patches" are supported by crlite so maybe that can work too] I own a single laptop, am I a $2,000 startup? That would only move the problem. That plugin would still need a Git repository, an issue tracker, tests, and an update mechanism. Or are you trying to say you don't care if this specific part of yt-dl gets deleted from the internet by RIAA? Why didn't they start with youtube-dl though? They will defend developers and err on their side "going forward" but no not that one ? Surely they already had the legal manpower when the youtube-dl removal started making waves. The fact that they did nothing for over three weeks and are publishing this blog post right after the issue was fixed by someone else (EFF) makes it hard to believe their "changes". I didn't expect any "3 minute solution", but realistically they didn't even have to get the problem fixed. They could have pledged to assist youtube-dl by now, helped them file a counter-notice sometime this week (surely they can get 1 lawyer's time for pressing PR matters), and figured out how to deal with the human resource situation over the coming months. Instead they found a million dollars (!!!), wrote a blog post with explicit commitments, but then waited on somebody else to step up. It just doesn't add up. I agree with you completely. Someone high-up needs to care for this to get going. GitHub's CEO claimed he cared, October 27: https://twitter.com/natfriedman/status/1321221940774723584 The fact that he didn't get a coordinated message or anything at all in the following three weeks shows how much he really did. It's interesting to me because, although I'm not frontend so have limited experience with those, I have the exact opposite opinion of Vue. > Vue is Lightweight and Flexible > Vue is less intrusive than React The standard React might be heavy, but the core reactive code and the part I use are definitely much lighter. It's just reconciliating virtual dom trees that are explicitly built by my code. Vue hooks into all data objects, to react to mutation. Vue includes a whole templating language, that have control structures in addition to JSX features (v-if, v-for, ...). Vue is supposed to be used in .vue files, that are a unique way to organize code, and is going to require special support for your editor, linters, and other tools. > The html/css and JS are separate while in React everything is in JS. My HTML is at the bottom of my my JSX file, in the render() method I keep at the bottom. My CSS is in CSS files. In Vue, the correct way seems to be using the and sections of the .vue file. Is that more separate? I have nothing against Vue per se, and opinionated frameworks have their merits, but do Vue developers agree with the author's stance? You might want to be more specific about which community might have interest in this. At a glance it seems to be... web developers? A few services do that, for example Liberapay [1]. It's also not much different from how other social sign-in methods work (Facebook, Google, GitHub), only you already have your email on file. I guess the main drawback is the email delivery delay, which is much slower than an HTTP workflow. [1]: https://liberapay.com/sign-in builds.sr.ht is another one. Hosted: https://builds.sr.ht/ Source code: https://git.sr.ht/~sircmpwn/builds.sr.ht And North Korea is quite literally called the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. Are you surprised labels can be misguiding or outright lies? Wonder no more! https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/7c2adbdb15d4efd25d92... As most AI, it's regex and ifs all the way down. I would like more sending systems validating the policy before changing the default. E.g., I don't think sendgrid/mailgun/gmail check that they are allowed by the SPF policy to send emails from a domain, when you add a sender address. Worse, some APIs don't require you to set up sender addresses ahead of time, you can just set it in the "send email" API call, which makes it easy to unknowingly send emails that are blocked by your own policy. DMARC would allow you to find out, but I'm not sure how many people have configured reports, apart from those whose whole business is email. Beta of what? This links tell me nothing, and / just redirects to /join which still tells me nothing. I for one do want folders in my microblogging timeline. Mastodon mostly has that, Twitter lists don't really fill the gap though. Oh sweet, I don't think encryption was an option in 20.04. Is it still under an "experimental" option in the installer? Do you think random internet users are more likely to purchase accounts than advertising departments? The fee seems like a good way to only get posts from professional CMs. This is how you get only advertisement. And unless you put a similar fee to unlock voting, you don't prevent a whole class of issues with bots. Do you think random internet users would purchase accounts, when they get no value from it? They can still consume all the content for free, paying only gives them the right to put free labor into curation. I can see some users pay the fee so they can downvote opponents, but otherwise why would they? And of course they can still pay a higher fee to downvote multiple times, if they are angry enough, which is exactly what you wanted to prevent in the first place... If like me you are intrigued by the algorithm but are put off by the dodgy grammar of the article and the many missing steps (such as hashing, or the use of a bitmap), the wikipedia page is clearer: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flajolet%E2%80%93Martin_algo... The page not being an article, its title is particularly uninformative as to the contents. This would be a terrible title for the submission. AGPL considers network use to be distribution , so if you have modified the AGPL-licensed software you have to make the source code available to users of that software. That does not mean you have to make the source of downstream systems available. In fact I am not sure you have to make the source of your modified AGPL software available to end users if you are using it internally ("users of that server" from the license would be you), but IANAL. Why do you have to follow everyone you interact with? If you are using this to tag people of interest, isn't it beneficial to use another method anyway once you reach 5k, that will let you annotate and categorize them (such as lists or some non-Twitter method)? The follow function is intended to get people's tweets into your feed. I can't imagine your feed stays usable when 5k people are posting into it, so it seems to me you are just putting stress on Twitter pub/sub platform to subscribe to more messages than you can possibly consume anyway. Why does anyone really need that many follows? I limit myself to a few hundreds, removing old connections not to stay under some technical limit but just so that I don't get drowned in noise. I guess everyone consumes social media differently, and some people might want to get everything remotely interesting in their feed (and read a random sample) rather than the stuff they actually intend to read, but once you hit a technical limit why not take the hint? It depends if you consider the implied set to be the people (of which there are readers and writers) or the capabilities (reading and writing). Reminds me of the pointerpointer.com Thank you! All I saw at the original link is a list of papers (with endless scrolling), and I wasn't sure what the discussion was about... You misread the comment. You misread my username. I did not post that comment. > The person or entity is not engaged in commercial use of the Software This make it seem you can't use the software at all, even if your company satisfies their conditions. Can you elaborate about this? What are the gotchas when opening an untrusted SQLite3 database? (I am developing a web application that will allow users to upload application files, which are SQLite3 databases) We just have to compile Rust and C to AssemblyScript, à la asm.js, and come full circle (again). So we're on our way to finish the re-creation of Java, by unifying the JavaScript and foreign code into a single bytecode format. Honestly I'm all for it, and wouldn't change much since most JavaScript written today goes through compilation anyway (TypeScript and/or Babel). Only executing bytecode and taking out JavaScript parsers/interpreters would simplify browser implementations too. Just... what a roundabout trip it has been. Some numbers you could dial for free, like the phone directory pages (if you stayed under 3 minutes). Some services were billed by the minute, like phone calls were. It's more akin to a web browser in the dial-up era (from both the pricing and technical standpoints). Or any of the paid phone services (porn, alarm) or texting services (buy ringtones, ...) of the same period. By "Java" I meant the runtime, apologies. And nodejs or web eventloop is to JavaScript. They provide the executor and the timeout/IO primitives. Yeah, when Obama was elected, @POTUS was renamed to @POTUS44 to give @POTUS to the new president (however Trump stuck to his personal account). I'm not sure how long that system had been in place though. You are right, I remember another subtlety: if you followed @POTUS you were made to follow both @POTUS44 and @POTUS. Isn't changelog.com mostly a static site? What kind of workloads do they run/monitor/update with all this infrastructure? Do those have tabs? Otherwise I'll have to stick to my browser. There was an attempt with https://saythanks.io/ , however it doesn't offer a way to distinguish projects (so you get thank you notes but you don't know which project it's for) and they are not public. I'm sure something similar with more customization options would go a long way (even though the best you can hope for is that it dies when GitHub replaces it by a built-in option). You can run the 3.0 release candidate now, which has live streaming [1]. There are official Docker images available as well [2]. [1]: https://github.com/Chocobozzz/PeerTube/releases/tag/v3.0.0-r... [2]: https://github.com/Chocobozzz/PeerTube/blob/develop/support/... I get nothing either, on stable Firefox (84). There is an open-source platform built on nginx-rtmp (and Python/Django): https://openstreamingplatform.com/ The other open-source alternative I know is PeerTube, which is getting live-streaming support in 3.0 (currently release candidate). That other site works, your suspicion is probably correct. If you know no one wants to see it, why do you post it anyway? You might also consider sharing this bit with other circles, such as social media. Does it stream video, draw commands, or emulator state? Search is not making profit and only exists to show ads. What he means is hiding the keypress sounds to the local user, not to the recording. Not sure if I agree with you but I was very surprised to find that their Python kernel is also implemented in C++: https://github.com/jupyter-xeus/xeus I'm not aware of a context where immortal refers to organisms that can't be killed by accidents and predators. In mythology and novels alike, vampires, gods, elves, ..., are all called immortal and still can be killed. That would probably only work if it gave the altered species a significant advantage (or if you had a system to detect and penalize/eliminate individuals depending on their genome, at scale). I don't know if the spatial metaphor really brings anything. I think a few rooms, with proper tooling to signal activity and a way to preview (listen in before you decide to join, or better yet have it play a recent utterance from its beginning) would work wonders. Maybe the system could prompt participants to move to a separate room on sufficient activity, and remind participants to set a text subject once in a while during periods of activity. Spatialization gives you little, as it's still impossible to listen to multiple conversations at once, and discovering the mapping of location-to-topic is a problem. If you're setting up specific locations for specific topics in advance, what I want to know is who is there and how active they are, not where on a 2D canvas the admin has chosen to position it. The parent was more specific and asked about changing a species's genome . Infecting everyone does not lead to a change in genome if they die (or fight it off). Assuming a low percent of the infected get their genome changed or produce offspring with altered genome, those don't take over. preact ( https://preactjs.com/ ) is 3kB... And React is only about 5kB unless I'm mistaken? I see, that number came up in search but I did suspect it wouldn't be the full story. Thanks! If you don't mind me asking, what is the value-add compared to PeerTube? (seems to be the popular option right now) I've been looking into making something like that myself. My beef with current platforms is that they are good for extracting metrics and routing logs to their correct team (by service/deployment/...) but not so much for analysis. When there's a problem in my system, I want to bring up multiple views, manually annotate, highlight the new debug log statements I just added, mark events as good/bad from complicated rules, etc. None of the current systems (except maybe Grafana+Loki) really do this, they focus on ahead-of-time ingestion rules and tags. I would love a desktop or web tool that can do that, working from a log file that I can easily extract from my log platform. AFAIK this doesn't (can't) override GitHub's site-wide guidelines: https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/site-... You might want to put an example of the syntax on the landing page. I have been to the "comparison" page and I'm still not sure what it looks like, because of the heavy highlighting (are the big dots part of the syntax? Are the tiny square brackets?) and there doesn't seem to be another example on the site. A problem here is that the default configuration automatically follow back any instance that follows it, making all their content appear on its frontpage. I think that is a pretty unsafe default. The tool might be used for extremism, in the same sense that ffmpeg, email, and HTTP are. That is not the same as saying most users of PeerTube will be inundated with extremism though. If you use an SDK, you're not implementing the protocol or any XEP, and therefore it's not a testament to how easy that is to do. If popular rooms still can't be joined without consuming gigabytes of RAM then, I will probably give up on Matrix altogether. Also Dendrite is Go, not Rust. I'm surprised Matrix is on the front page as much as it is. I mean, it's cool tech, and I use it myself, but it really seems like it's up there every other day. Is there an update that warrants this new post? It might have! I installed a while ago. I didn't find a fast way to un-follow all those automatically-followed instances though. I'm going to give Prosody a serious look then, thanks for the feedback. Better situation yes, better protocol no. This might be on GitHub more than maintainers, as there is no option to disable the pull requests feature right now (or to replace it with a link to what you actually use). Flash memory comes in multiple flavor, named after the logic gates that the organization of their transistors resemble. So there is NAND Flash, NOR Flash, and Vertical NAND Flash memory. I agree that referring to "NAND Flash Memory" as "NAND" is rather confusing. Similar to referring to "crypto-currency" as "crypto". So it will help network administrators & parents censor Twitter to protests censorship of Twitter? This is really not clear on their site, but WebTorrent is also a protocol, basically BitTorrent over WebRTC, since browsers can't talk the native BitTorrent. "Parse don't validate" all over again. Send the parsed object, not the original string you now think is valid. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21476261 Only the original reporter gets to bump/reopen. Which they are sure to give up doing after a few iterations. In addition, it's just plain rude. If you don't have time to fix it, that's valid, but what makes you presume you community has time to deal with constant bot reminders on order to keep the bug open? You don't have to deal with it, that's fine, leave it there. Or get some more maintainers on board to help with triage. I wonder if those packages that have been de-vendored by Debian developers, using kludges that are not supported upstream, meet your stability expectations. Not to be critical of your point, because I agree entirely. Exactly. I'm not asking you anything here, I understand you don't have time to fix it, but leave it up so another contributor can find it. I'm literally asking you to not do something instead of doing something (closing). I think stalebot works so long as maintainers commit to marking issues as "confirmed" after a while, or if enough people +1. However too often that is not the case. Multiple times have I filed an issue, that collects many people's "me too" and workarounds for over a year. And every month, stalebot comes and mentions everybody, so that I have to go and type in that stalebot command. Until one day I give up, because I don't want to get those notifications anymore, or because I move to a more active project. The issue gets closed even though multiple people are affected, and all they can do is open a new one, link to the workarounds somehow, and take over the duty of fighting the bot. Why make everyone do this? You say you don't owe me anything, but that's different from taking active step to hurt your community. (and by you I mean stalebot users like andrew_) BSL doesn't let you use software "in production" at all. So you wouldn't be able to offer search on your website with Elasticsearch at all, whether you could be construed to be reselling it or not, and whether your whole stack is opensource or not. Also the SPDX identifier for it is BUSL since BSL was already taken by the Boost Software License. This sounds a bit complicated, and I would naively assume that some people would upvote low-quality content that is likely to reach the frontpage (which reinforce the cycle). How about checking algorithmically how reliable users are, and weighting their votes that way? The manual redemption of correct-upvotes and acquisition of downvote-shares seems a bit much in my view. I see. It's a really wide range of licenses then. Doesn't it bother you as the person writing both the application and the original scripts, to be using both styles at once in the same product (sometimes to refer to the same data)? Nevermind the end-users' additions. The semantics described in the article go further than a single mutex, so they can't use just pthread or just flock. I wonder if using a pthread mutex in shared memory is faster than flock'ing the file (I'd assume yes, though I don't know if significant). Actions can react to issues and comments, so you could probably build a text-based RPG around that. For example, each player gets a branch and comment on the latest commit to trigger the next action (which is a commit). Or comment on an issue. Anything else than text-based seems difficult though. Any single entry on that "clever stuff" lists directly hurts someone and destroy the ecosystem in the long run. It's late beta but no push notifications (!!), no presence, no search, no cross-signing of E2E keys, no clustered deployments. You'd need a way to indicate when you start and end overwriting the page. You need to avoid the page being swapped out mid-overwrite and not read back in. You'd also pay a penalty for zeroing it when it gets mapped pre-overwrite. The map primitives are just not meant for this. You can't do this with mmap though, you can't instruct the OS to grab pages via HTTP range requests. What about Rust makes this more difficult than doing the same thing in C++? If it were `dd input output` or `dd input -o output` no one would be claiming it's unique and bizarre. However the actual syntax is `dd if=input of=output` which is unique and (arguably) bizarre. There doesn't seem to be a study. There seem to be no scientists or statically-trained people involved at any point. The article is the same everywhere I look (provided by AFP, French news agency) and only mentions "dog trainers working in their own time" who "rely on scant financial means". I assume emails @relay.firefox.com will be banned from every form in a week or two, the same way @yopmail.com is? In particular, the two dots after the @ are probably going to be blocked by many validation regexes. You can try to flip bit to remove entropy, e.g. make the JPEG blocks less prominent. However unless you happen to know how many bits to flip, or are lucky enough that only low frequency information is ever destroyed, this operation is more akin to blurring than to magic information retrieval. There could be fewer than you think or the picture could be (locally) sharper than usual, and you'll just blur it. All you're arguing is that it's "not the most sketchy" not that it's less sketchy than the average. And you're offering no proof or example of that either. In your mind, is that "one side" that misconduct happens? Do you think the opposite side "it never happens" is reasonable? No one here is trying to argue that it happens all the time or more often than not, I'm wondering if that's what you think we're reading. In particular the incentives are set up the same way in the US, and reproducibility is a problem in many fields. There are definitely two sides to your story then :) Not necessarily to the top comments I have read. It might be a more important story though. What does Apple's Wi-Fi Password Sharing do? Share the password between a user's device? With other users? Based on location, contacts? Interesting. Does it actually delegate the authentication to your phone, or does it send the password? My Android allows to share the password with a QR code, which is certainly not as ergonomic... in fact it's slower than spelling it out, even to 1 friend. Every attempt at stopping E2EE just shows how much we need E2EE. My main problem with ZFS is the very limited number of ways you can change your setup. No removing drives, no shrinking, etc. Probably fine for (bare-metal) production systems, but not so friendly with desktops/laptops, where I would still love to have snapshots and send-recv support. An E2EE messaging app is not a crypto project? Speed I guess? I have trouble putting your question in the context of this thread. Steam (video game store) has separate "reviews" and "recent reviews" summaries, so you will see something like "reviews: mostly positive, recent reviews: overwhelmingly negative". It is often informative, as updates can make a good game unplayable, riddle it with microtransaction, or servers can go offline. Whatever reason people had to use Vivaldi before they had the feature at all will still be valid. Yes, you can search for "tagged union" For sure "you shouldn't use those" doesn't sound like freedom at all. I understand what they are trying to say, but that statement is not sound. Can I put backticks in inline code now? :) What about making some of my code bold? 8% CPU average actually sounds like a lot, unless your 25 users are chatting around the clock. If you told me about a "freedom diet" where you only eat one thing, I'd laugh. The fact that I can technically choose not to follow the diet any day I want doesn't help. Of course GNU can't force me to follow the decision they recommend every time, that doesn't change how their recommendations come across. I'm surprised they are not identifying the service in the token. A lot of services are scanning GitHub for committed tokens, and being able to tell if that token is a fake/testing one or a real one for a specific company would make those scans more useful. For example, SendGrid tokens start with "SG", Amazon tokens with "AKIA", etc. Why not build that into the URL scheme? This scheme will have services stick to well-known unformatted prefixes in the token itself, and prevent small actors from being notified by GitHub and other security scanners. See also https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=25016838 Aren't all unions are about labor issues? The purpose is to detect secret strings in source code . If you have the source code, the purpose of the secret is easy to figure out. Using a domain name would have been enough, e.g. secret-token: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 vs secret-token:sendgrid.com/wQsmLe_tnOiByt8JUO4Kro.S_kyH0U2yBC54LHXoUoI4ppe3T5SFsiNmcWiu4xaVt0 Then you could even standardize that scanners should use sendgrid.com/.well-known/revoke-token to notify of secret tokens found in the wild. Well that glosses over basically everything about RabbitMQ. For example it does support pub-sub (with reliable delivery, via queues) which almost certainly takes care of your "data bus" use case (unless your scale warrants something else, in which case find better doc than this terrible article...) Rust is not object-oriented. You can make "virtual method" calls in Rust (dynamic dispatch through a "trait object", a vtable). This is explicit though, the type will look like `Box ` where Java says `MyInterface` (box = object allocate on heap, dyn = virtual method calls). I think you might be misunderstanding what "static method call" means: in this context, it means a method which is not "virtual" (in C++ parlance), not a method which is "static" (in C++ parlance, e.g. not called on an object). If I run Weechat on my VPS, and join a few high-traffic IRC rooms, I expect my average CPU use to be 0%. Same if I run mailman with a few messages per minute, or an IRC server. The fact that we can now run it on a VPS is an improvement, but it is still orders of magnitude heavier than equivalent non-decentralized systems. More than an internal API, unless the app is compiled in debug mode, don't you get compiled/name-mangled/tree-shaken code and symbols? I would assume this might change on recompiles or at least library updates, never mind internal code changes. Do you find that it works in practice? I see, so you see class and function names that make no sense, but they get called with nice clean JSON objects. Neat trick! I left in 2018 when they increased all their prices 60% (€16/mo boxes turning €24/mo). I wouldn't rely on them for anything critical, but €2.40 for 24h is unbeaten right now. I have some software I need to build for Apple M1s and as far as I can see it's this or MacStadium (or buying a device). It sounds like a simple announcement that they are looking into enforcing the rules more seriously, and the first step was breaking off part of their existing terms into a separate "code of conduct" document? Good point! I wonder why they didn't reverse the scheme, e.g. https://mydomain.example.org/#is-a-signal-proxy Their proxy seems to just be nginx, I'm surprised they didn't just share nginx or apache configurations. Most people with a box suitable for running this are probably already running a web server, so there's no reason they should be proxying from their existing web server to this dockerized server which just proxies to Signal. Looking into their repo, they also appear to be building an nginx image from docker.io/ubuntu:20.04 instead of using docker.io/nginx. They are also running two separate nginx processes. I wonder how they ended up with this weird intricate setup. I would be glad to help if they offered straightforward instructions. You can set the host to "*" on Android, but maybe not on iOS? For example, my Mastodon app pops up to open all links that look like a Mastodon profile ( https://example.org/@somename ). https://github.com/tateisu/SubwayTooter/blob/4cf16c6ee890a7d... This is a nice resource but it's starting to get a little crowded with the official asset library (which has a category for shaders) https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset?category=3 , godotmarketplace.com, godotshaders.com, and GDQuest's godot-shaders repo... I wish people would stick to a single location, especially if it is already open-source and community-maintained. This interface is nice but I wish it could have been added to the existing market place instead. Hate to be that guy, but it's a bit weird to pick the HT part of HTTP, which stands for HyperText, when the tool only deals with the Transfer Protocol. That requires you to clone. It's a minor hassle if you search over a single repo, but when searching across an organization or the whole site, using grep is not an option. I can't understand your point. GitHub can search over finer granularities e.g. single repo. And did you understand my use case at all, about grep not being an option when searching at wider scales? No, I am not "kidding"... are you? Basic but important things such as renames don't even show up... This has been true for many, many years with "old-style classes". It doesn't reassign the 'status' variable, it reassigns the 'not_found" variable. and class scope It is a rather poor sample, and a sign that either more people than those 87 should be allowed to vote or there is something wrong with how the vote was conducted. An explicit "do not care" or "none of the above" option in that poll would have shed more light into this. Going with the decision approved by 34% is a bad move. There's nothing wrong with going with it eventually, but this is a sign that as of the poll, there is no consensus and more discussion / more options should happen. If you decide to act on this 34% anyway, you are only just telling your community that their opinion doesn't really matter. Which might explain why 60% of the eligible voters did not bother. Turn that on its head, would you be unwilling to buy the Mona Lisa after it has been teleported once (by a transporter from Star Trek)? We're both pretty far out from reality though, but they are similar arguments. As for your wikipedia point, I don't get it. The domain name 'wikipedia.org' has value, and not owning the domain does not get you the value of the domain. Obviously. If NFTs gave you copyright, that would be something. Even owning part of the copyright would be valuable, you (with your co-owner) would be able to decide how that piece gets used, sub-licensed, adapted, and maybe even collect royalty. Cryptographically-verifyable bragging rights attached to a JPEG don't sound as interesting. Your argument sounds very similar to the "let's abolish timezones" argument so let me post this again: https://qntm.org/abolish Changing your schedule works for you and your boss, but does not let people in other parts of the world know when they can reach you. Officially shifting something is necessary, and then you might as well have timezones. If that is how everyone at your company feel, you don't need a schedule at all (or even a clock). Good for you. Obviously the rest of the world uses phones and video calls, which is why this thread exists. You should give them a try sometime! Obviously some people use video calls successfully. I don't know what else to say... In practice, this is what most people do: click "accept" to make the prompt go away, and use extensions to block the tracking scripts and cookies... This is more clicks, is often broken, and even if the button exist it may be tiny and hidden at the bottom of the list of all partners. If I just clicked a link to a random article from search or social media, I'm not spending a full minute getting past the prompt on a website I'll probably never visit again. I'll click accept, and make sure my browser is loaded with all possible privacy extensions so none of it works. Agreed, this is empty of information. There's a wikipedia page for the organization: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gpl-violations.org Among other things, it mentions that the website was offline for most of 2015, and while they recovered it, I am not sure if they have been in activity since (whatever their activity is). Does this need to be a brand new thing? Couldn't this be built into things like Mermaid? https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/ What does it add on top of youtube-dl then? Different naming? I find it a bit weird that you let nicknames expire for living people if you recognize the importance of keeping someone's identity constant. You mean a backend? Hopefully only IPv4 Internet will suffer. It would have been nice if "cannot be used" meant that no one would be allowed to register it. From what I can see, example.org very much resolves and accepts HTTP connections. It even has an MX record... Isn't that what Natsu said? They also raise PHP version requirements. To keep my NextCloud on supported version, I had to update the Linux distribution on my server (was not EOL or anything) to get a PHP that supported versions of NextCloud support... I just wanted to keep getting bug/security fixes for NextCloud. What if you want to get the name for a hex color? Your "opinion" is just assumptions on how the data structure will be used, which you want to bake into the transmission format itself. I'm being pedantic, but no currency is "real". This one allows players to buy thing, which they are likely to want to do since they have in the past (and cared enough to start a class action over). You deciding that those goods are "hits of crack" is entirely subjective. However it is true that it only costs Epic the lost revenue from selling those v-bucks. If a freely-tradable currency was emitted to cover debt, you'd have the penalty of devaluation, but that is not the case here. Of course that makes no difference for the players, that's only about punishment . You should definitely optimize your data storage for the kind of operations you're going to do on them. However you're taking about the data transmission format here! Surely you wouldn't think of sending a piece of JSON over the wire with both name:color and rgb:color, regardless of whether that is what the recipient wants to operate on. You just have to let it unmarshall the data into whatever form it needs. > What if I told you Git can be a valuable tool without ever setting up a remote repository? Even if you don't set up a public repository, having a remote one can be a good idea. The .git folder is surprisingly easy to trash. Any box with SSH access works, and GitHub/GitLab offer private projects that you don't have to configure further than a name. My latest mistake was running 'rclone sync', which it turns out deletes files missing from the source without confirmation contrary to rsync. FYI Git has a difftool setting/feature specifically for doing diffs through an external command. That will only give you the date it was added, not the last time it was checked. Wikipedia does that through bot, adding an "accessed " to external links. I supposed you could do the same here. You could even use Actions to generate a list of entries in need of checking (e.g. haven't been checked in 6 months). By "do the same" I meant you could put "checked ", of course you'd have to have a human do it. Which is why I proposed to generate a list of entries that need checking (by humans). Sorry this wasn't clear. I'm not sure how the protocol being text rather than binary helps the MITM? Are you misunderstanding "plain text" to mean "unencrypted" rather than "not binary"? Slower than websockets or WebRTC? You mean, using server-sent events for things that are not events but data, one row at a time? Of course that'd be slow, but that's equivalent to sending one websocket frame for each row, or one file per row over HTTP multipart. Hardly talks to the speed of either protocol. In what way is an NFT token like a stock? A stock is bound to a company via dividends and voting power. An NFT only bears a name. I think Godot is both. A lot of built-in nodes are meant to be extended (like KinematicBody) and a lot of them provide features via adding components (like RayCast or Area or Timer or AudioStreamPlayer). Even if you make your contact list 99% bounces and 1% real (and every user of the app does the same), I don't see how this becomes a problem for the app's operator. Remove a contact after 1-2 bounces and you're golden. If they bounce they are extremely fast to cull. No? As I understand it, the consensus is to call multi-server systems "federated" and peer-to-peer systems "decentralized". So I agree that Matrix should be called the former and not the later. This is so much more expensive than Slack. If you were comparable you might have a sell with E2EE but this seems way off. [edit: seems like I failed to parse Slack's pricing page. Slack is expensive as hell. Carry on] And input lag (eg. local, mouse-to-screen lag) gets you before that. The mobile page wasn't that clear... That is not cheap at all. Thanks. If your direct dependencies pin their dependencies, then you will definitely end with conflicting versions for your transitive dependencies. This might work in environments like Node, where each library having their own private versions of their dependencies is acceptable, and Rust/Cargo in some situations, but doesn't work in environments where only one version of a package can be present (e.g. Python) or you care about the total size of the dependencies. Also if you're auditing, wouldn't you audit all dependencies? What does it matter whether they are pinned by your direct dependencies, wouldn't you yourself pin down the transitive dependencies after auditing them? Don't update without auditing the new versions? I don't understand. You haven't explicitly stated that there is something wrong with the suicide prevention foundation's operations, and definitely haven't provided any reason (even anecdotal) you have to believe so. I don't think your comments are "claims", valid or otherwise. I think no one here understands what you are trying to say. See also: Adding comments with Mastodon https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=25570268 People here hold multiple opinions because there are multiple people here, not because the single mind they share is insane. From yesterday: "ISO obstructs adoption of standards by paywalling them" (same Twitter thread) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26390040 I've noticed this too. It feels a lot like hitting the touchpad by mistake, except I don't use a touchpad. The focus is just lost mid-typing and a bunch of shortcuts get triggered. If everybody is doing it, it is known, and Google doesn't address it, what do you do as a business? Sue Google, who certainly has a "no warranty" clause in their ToS about reviews? No, of course you buy fake reviews too. I have trouble blaming them here. Losing customers for the sake of your sense of righteousness helps no one. For a while I tried to only run untrusted builds in Docker containers, like doing `docker run -v $PWD:/src node npm install`, but IDEs are not really configured to deal with this. Even my Vim has ALE and would just run node_modules/.bin/tsserver on my machine, which could be anything. Why aren't our tools concerned with this at all? Zoom runs in the browser just fine (as long as that browser is Chrome, at least). Is there a way I can get an idea of what it's like, without having to grab a couple of friends (within the 10 minutes)? I've been using Duplicati forever. The fact that it's C# is a bit of a pain (some distros don't have recent Mono), but running it in Docker is easy enough. Being able to check the status of backups and restore files from a web UI is a huge plus, so is the ability to run the same app on all platforms. I've found duplicity to be a little simplistic and brittle. Purging old backups is also difficult, you basically have to make a full backup (i.e. non-incremental) before you can do that, which increases bandwidth and storage cost. Restic looks great feature-wise, but still feels like the low-level component you'd use to build a backup system, not a backup system in itself. It's also pre-1.0. Do you? I still don't want to get work calls in the evening, and can't take social calls at work. I suppose we could all configure geo-fences, or manually set the phone to whichever mode since we're all working from home. Of course the first thing I'd do is write a script to automatically switch modes at given times, so I don't have to. Then I'd share that script with my friends, and obviously what I'd have recreated is a timezone. Yeah, this would make it hard to communicate with people, if even your next-door neighbor doesn't use quite the same clock you do. Timezones are a trade-off between using your exact mean solar time and a common clock: adding/substracting whole hours is not too difficult, and you're never more than 30min from your mean solar time (that is, unless you get forced in the wrong timezone, like in China where they traded one for the other). I am not directly impacted (not running anything that is advertised as physically there) but emails have been taking multiple hours to arrive for days. It would be nice to have a way of knowing whether I should change my MX servers or not. I think it's fine for them to take some time to fix their infrastructure, but if they could let me know, I can easily work around it. Incoming email is kind of difficult to monitor and needs to work... [edit] 3 separate tickets in 3 days... it seems dishonest to keep opening/closing them rather than let us know the infra is unreliable for the foreseeable future http://travaux.ovh.net/?do=details&id=49451& http://travaux.ovh.net/?do=details&id=49504& http://travaux.ovh.net/?do=details&id=49530& Most cloud providers have availability regions and zones, with some services specifically having multi-region/multi-zone options (usually with extra cost). Is there any provider that hides this? If you can get decent drivers, that is... I'm also on NVidia. Using the official drivers causes a lot of glitches unfortunately, as soon as I plug in a second monitor. I'm glad it works for you though. This seems to have been the case for a few years yes. I'll definitely get an AMD card next time, I should have researched it better. "From € 1.000 p/m" is even worse. I was not even aware of any locale using ',' for decimals and '.' for thousands. Also you are assuming that the recipients of those reports, the websites, would be truthful in their acknowledgement of issues and would not abuse their new power over researchers' reputations. Especially when each accepted bug leaves a permanent public record. The problem is when there starts to be many "site-specific stuff". It's easy to remember not to route .well-known to user-generated content in your app. It's less easy to remember a list of endpoints, like robots.txt, security.txt, and so on. And what when that list grows? What if you already have a user called "security.txt" (or whatever the next one is)? This is why a .well-known prefix is valuable. I'm French, where we use a comma for decimals, but a space for thousands. If you're doing fine without an ORM, don't bring one in. ORMs bring some user-friendliness and other niceties, but might drive you crazy by their strictness (objects lifetimes are bound to a session, it is harder to fetch/update parts of an object/relation, async is much more difficult because of lifetimes again, still need to take a look at generated queries to spot performance issues, ...). I am myself in the process of moving from the ORM to the core, because while I need the multi-backend support (including migrations), the ORM is proving too tricky for an app that's growing beyond simple CRUD. A lot of this stems from the two-party system, which stems from the first-past-the-post voting system. While in France and elsewhere there is a lot of change in the political landscape (Macron's current party didn't exist 5 years ago), in the US parties are very deeply entrenched. This causes an "us vs them" situation, where people don't change sides ever, look at the other side with more than skepticism, and every issue quickly becomes partisan as half the population disagrees with the change merely because the other party brought it up. When my bank says they're sending me a new checkbook for free, I definitely do not expect to pay the price of the paper or anti-fraud features. Do you? "When my bank says ... for free..." is what I wrote > How many people would click through on "Let ACME corp act on your behalf on your Citibank Account" Banking is a terrible example because it's literally how it works. Try to link a bank account to PayPal or TransferWise, they'll ask you your username and password for your online account to that bank, and the next screen asks for the verification text you got as they literally log in as you. And ACH, the system your employer uses to direct deposit your salary also allows for withdrawals. Hopefully security is better where the author is writing from... That is not-git, storing files this way will not increase your repo size. Same with git-annex, same with commiting .txt files with a URL to a file on S3. > infinitely scalable writes Scalable receive, but having to send hundred of thousands of objects one-by-one is very inefficient. The fact that there are hundreds of thousands of servers to receive them does not help you. (and same problem when you pull) They are separate. git-lfs needs a separate server, that will communicate with the Git client over HTTP (not SSH), and git-annex can use a variety of different backends for storing the data (which doesn't need to be related to the Git repository) such as S3, FTP, webdav, Google Drive, ... and even git-lfs. GitLab and Gitea come with a git-lfs server, but I don't know if there is any standalone server that you could use with git-shell. You're new to this internet forum thing... People read week-old posts on Fridays, when the hacker newsletter comes out. Thanks for the clarification! I also wonder how they solved the stupid but annoying problem of mapping import names to package names, e.g. "import sklearn" -> scikit-learn, "import dateutil" -> python-dateutil, "import bs4" -> beautifulsoup4, ... Are there any open-source tools in this space? Not necessarily full-featured meeting platforms, but tools that can share a screen/window with remote control and multiple cursors? This seems like a terrible Nexus 7 for twice the price and launching a decade later? That you have to charge every 5 hours? What makes you think CutiePi Shell will be maintained that long? Android has withstood the test of time, and although you'd need a custom mod to update your Nexus 7, chances are CutiePi won't live that long. I will remember this. I even bookmarked that tweet, and it cost me nothing. "Free" is also ambiguous in English, even more than "open". I suppose "libre" is explicit but also not an actual common word. "Open" is clear, widely accepted by the community including businesses, and is defended by the Open Source Initiative (think of them what you will, they do a good job of keeping that definition true, by doing things such as approving licenses). "Open" has also been extended to other areas, such as "open science" (which does not refer to science for which a paper is available, but to actual reusable science). I don't see any problem with "open", other than the fact RMS doesn't like it. Joke aside, what's to prevent anyone from selling an NFT for "the first NFT"? They've done it for tweets... And what would that make of their claim of "verifiable unique" ownership? > While punching holes in the sandbox is not the most secure implementation in the world, it is only a temporary solution. It is better than not sandboxing at all. Is it though? My point of view is that it is the worst of both worlds. On one side application developers have to deal with changing Flatpak features like portals and the complexities of making their app work sandboxed, and on the other side users get no actual security whatsoever since there are still giant holes like bashrc. It would probably be better to disable security features entirely, so that apps can be packaged easily, until they provide actual security for the users. Since app developers will have to re-package anyway, make them do it then. In the meantime everyone is just alpha-testing features that don't provide value. I'd be surprised if there was a long tail of customers. There is probably a long tail of searches for most customers. Google giving up on difficult searches and focusing on showing promoted links, AMP sites, and "rich" result boxes is probably a sound business strategy too, and is unlikely to make users switch search engines this late in the game (Bing/DDG don't seem to do better anyway). It's a huge security improvement. The HTTP->HTTPS redirection is not secured in any way. [edit: it's not really because it falls back] HSTS takes care of that. It's an HTTP header to indicate not to connect without TLS in the future. It makes sense to keep falling back to HTTP if that header is not set. The point I think is that HTTP never changes, while HTTPS constantly evolves and deprecates hash functions, ciphers, and authorities. If your router's or printer's web management interface was written more than a couple of years ago, it is probable that it will show up as insecure or even have a big warning screen. Right, as long as it falls back to HTTP, you don't really increase security. And if you have a side-channel like preloaded HSTS lists the change does not apply. So you're right, it just makes HTTPS sites load faster. Equal evil? FYI pypi tokens look like pypi-9NX39cdNn0AH1cCl1bMT48eKzf4Rhvw1mipk1FZTPrpR9 The integration means that GitHub knows to recognize this format, and calls some API of pypi.org when it finds one so PyPI can revoke it. As always, please allow me to lament that we don't have a standard for this, such as secret-token:pypi.org/9NX39cdNn0AH1cCl1bMT48eKzf4Rhvw1mipk1FZTPrpR9, which would let any system know that this string is a secret and that pypi.org should be notified (for example via POST pypi.org/.well-know/compromised-secret). See also https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=25978185 Obviously there is a difference between pointing out to someone there are being misogynistic or transphobic, and calling them a "piece of shit". If you are tacking this on to argue that calling out misogyny or transphobia is offensive, we are not arguing the same thing at all. Interesting. I can get the "pypi.org" domain from the base64-encoded part, however I don't see anything about revocation in the paper. Your reporting endpoint seems protected by a secret key that GitHub holds. Any reason PyPI can't accept anonymous submission of compromised tokens? If I find a PyPI token on my own server, can I not post it to https://pypi.org/_/github/disclose-token without getting a key from you first? I see that they document the alerting endpoint there. The only piece missing is building the URL from the token format. I hope we get there someday, and everyone can deploy this without having to replicate GitHub's registry of token formats. This page also mentions that they "strongly recommend you implement signature validation in your secret alert service", but I'm not sure why. Isn't the fact that they send valid tokens proof that they have really found a leak? Don't every other endpoints work as the oracle you describe? Are you worried about rate-limiting specifically? Also, the endpoint sends a 204 with no information about the validity of tokens, making it not much of an oracle. I think the payload is processed in the background too, preventing timing attacks. As long as the API wrappers don't mess this up, this has no reason to happen. What if there are hundreds of those? Since I'm here, any tool recommendations for visualizing state machines, and state charts in particular? XState's [1] is ok but only works on the web and offers to export, and I found its layout algorithm a bit sub-par. Writing graphviz code by hand, or using google draw/draw.io/... gets painful very quickly. [1]: https://xstate.js.org/viz/ > Allowing potentially arbitrary parties to revoke tokens right before, say, a critical security release feels like a potential issue to me If the third-party has the token, they can make releases *adding* critical security issues. The problem is that this uses your new custom language which is not yet documented. I had seen this, I asked for alternatives because it doesn't seem to be an option yet . The examples in your README also seem very limited, with no guards/actions/recursion/parallelism (correct me if I'm wrong). The last two I can do without but it seems overly simplistic as of now. I'm mostly concerned about visualization, so if you have actions/guards that don't appear on the visualization, that doesn't help me. Similarly, by recursion I meant putting states inside states (from a behavior perspective you would call them compound states); Both PlantUML and XState supports that. Parallel states [1] are compound states with multiple distinct regions, where each region transitions separately. It does not necessarily imply threading on the programming side, it might just be multiple separate actors. Both PlantUML and XState support them. XState: https://xstate.js.org/docs/guides/statenodes.html#state-node... PlantUML: https://plantuml.com/state-diagram [1]: https://statecharts.github.io/glossary/parallel-state.html Ask your router? Is there a generic way to do this, or do you mean "look into its vendor-specific management interface"? 3 competing techs... Of course this doesn't suffice in a variety of situations which is why STUN is a thing: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3489 It does look like two phones. I wonder if it wouldn't be better to make it actually two phones (or separate phone-sized devices), so you can use the touchscreen part as a phone, and have the other part be a pluggable keyboard + powerbank. Linux is usually configured to not allow processes from another user to read /proc/$pid/environ. At least a production machine should be. Configuration files are resistant to this as you note, but command-line arguments are not (--password=1234 will show up in ps for everyone). This has been bugging me for a while. Programmers love to reinvent the wheel. There a millions of make(1) clones, key-value stores, etc but I don't seem to see many projects (even toys) in the "declarative container runners" space. I think it's a shame. While Kubernetes is hopefully Very Good, it is complicated, and I have often wondered what other approaches would yield (e.g. more imperative ones, because writing admission controllers is not exactly easy). So I'm glad to see people playing around, though I don't know if this amount of bash is healthy or if 17,000 lines is simple. From my top-level comment: "Writing graphviz code by hand, or using google draw/draw.io/... gets painful very quickly." I am fine with a tool using graphviz under the hood for rendering or layout, but I'm not writing my statecharts in graphviz syntax. I borrowed the term "parallel state" from https://statecharts.github.io/glossary/parallel-state.html . Both XState and MermaidUML support them. Again, I am concerned with plotting. I am not trying to use the language/library to implement any keyboard or power plant, I just want to get a plot with minimal efforts. Having to edit the SVG or graphviz to "fix" poorly supported advanced features if I ever need them is fine, so long as I can plot most machines and it doesn't take hours. PlantUML is the only tool I've found that fit, which surprises me. > less likely to pull something like this They are less likely to do this kind of secretive development, but they could go that direction. They have considered cryptocurrency in the past, see https://matrix.org/blog/2017/08/22/thoughts-on-cryptocurrenc... . They are open, but still driven by a single company which could change direction at any time. They also surprised their community multiple times with renames of their app and weird redesigns (remember the horizontally-scrollable unordered bubbles for room selection?) No one had to maintain it though, they could have moved to GitHub or GitLab at any time, or use one of the many open-source self-hostable solutions like Gitea, Phabricator (it's PHP), GitLab, ... Future-proof... Poetry 1.1 broke compatibility with 1.0. 1.1 lockfiles would crash Poetry 1.0, and 1.0 lockfiles would be thrown away by Poetry 1.1. It does not correctly verify hashes (if at all) [1]. You can't add packages without updating all your dependencies. Monorepos are not supported. PEP-508-compliant Git dependencies cause the tool to crash with TypeError [2]. I think Poetry is the right direction, I use it for everything, but it's not the silver bullet you're painting it to be (yet). It's definitely not on par with Cargo, or maybe even npm. [1]: https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/issues/3765 [2]: https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/issues/3425 I think it's the right direction, and I look forward to Poetry maturing. But right now it has a lot of gotchas, and I would only recommend it for people who are serious about dependency management/compliance/reproducibility. See details upthread https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26739234 Fair enough. I saw many mentions of Poetry and merged them in my head when I finally replied. Apologies. How much is 1MM? I'm unfamiliar with that suffix. k = thousand, M = million, G = billion There is actually a standard for this. I'm fine with MM, it's confusing to me but not ambiguous, just please don't reassign existing prefixes... Wouldn't that make MM 2,000, the same way II is 2 and XX is 20? How much of that is really charitable? Patreon allows creators to lock access to some content behind a set monthly amount, which makes the transaction more like a regular subscription than a donation. How many of those top earners use that feature? How did you get that URL? It redirects immediately to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Split_(bowling)#7–10_split and nothing on Wikipedia would have linked to it. Did you manually type it in? You can also test this, similarly to how Stackoverflow does it: send people a post that you know is bad (or good) and check that they flag it. If they don't, let them know that they are doing it wrong, lock them out of moderation, or silently ignore their voting and use it as a signal of voting rings. This is easy to solve if you don't have a "public timeline", e.g. if you only see posts that have been vouched by people you follow. Like using Twitter but without topics, hashtags, and search: the only content you see has been either authored by someone you directly follow, or retweeted by someone you directly follow. If you keep seeing content you like (through retweets), you can follow that person directly to get more. If you see content you dislike, you can unfollow the person who brought it into your timeline (by retweeting it). Of course this would work a bit better if there was a way for accounts to categorize posts they author or retweet. You might follow me for tech-related content but not care much about my French politics content, which I would be happy to categorize as I post/retweet but have no way to do on current Twitter. Oh you mean that it will redirect either to en.wikipedia.org or en.m.wikipedia.org (mobile)? That's clever. I find that Kubernetes is more complex than docker-compose, but still has advantages for production deployments. Things like rolling upgrades, config management, versatile services with label selectors (and readiness probes). I have been bitten multiple times by docker-compose reading a variable from my current shell environment instead of an env-file. I'm no fan of Helm though, templating structured files just feels wrong. It clashes a lot with the built-in "valueFrom:" stuff built into Kubernetes; why couldn't Helm use similar "helmVar:" and keep being YAML? People who use it, like any other standard. Yes, they were. There has been multiple "releases" too, with version numbers, which I assume went into production. When you're using a product for which you can't get the source code, the product is not open source. Commits: https://github.com/signalapp/Signal-Server/commits/master No push between: April 20, 2020 and April 6, 2021. Twitter also has a lot of NSFW content. I understand Snapchat also does. And of course there are web browser apps... I am 99% sure they did. I can't say affirmatively that anyone is running anything exactly, but they now claim they did. How many people work on YouTube, Vimeo, ... the platforms themselves, as opposed to promotion, monetization algorithms, marketing, etc? PeerTube actually works really well, and as long as communities come together to help with support/promotion/... I don't see why it couldn't "challenge any of the incumbents" even with only one developer on staff. While I agree with the overall decision, this hurt to read: > SInce it's closed-source, none of that matters to me. But if it was open, folks would want to grab it to use in their own projects. I'd feel a certain responsibility to make sure that it works well, or at least to make sure that its shortcomings are well-documented. And I don't want that responsibility right now. I see this argument over and over. I see it in academia as an excuse not to share code and data. "I haven't cleaned it", "it might not work for you". *I* will decide if it fits *my needs*, and if it doesn't I don't see how it's your fault. Code is better than no code, I always have the option of not using it. I agree that you don't have to release anything, and I won't call you out for it. If you write a blog post about it though, I might participate in the discussion and examine your arguments. Of course the problem of research is slightly different, since you have a claim, are trying to be "peer reviewed", and possibly were funded by public money.