Spaced repetition is the way your brain stores everything, even abstract ideas, mathematics,etc. You can only remember anything either by having repeated exposure to it, or having it really connected to some other memory of yours. Also, you seem to underestimate the importance of having encyclopedic knowledge. I agree that it is not useful to have random facts in your mind, but passive knowledge is extremely important - like even on topics you are not well-informed about, having learnt something about it in the past will put you in a much more open-minded position on it. If people were to remember some really basic biology from high school, they would be much less open to bullshit like “alternative medicine”,anti-vaccines, etc. Which is absolutely null compared to their income, and does close to absolutely nothing to benefit society - it is only there so they can feel good about themselves. No? Android phones are full of binary blob drivers, etc. It is phone specific whether you can do that or not. There is a global config and a user-specific one. So every user can install (without root) their set of packages and their PATH will be changed accordingly. You probably tried to add firefox to your local one - which should be good enough. I wouldn’t really want a program to auto-update the global configurarion.nix No matter how I count, I see only two viable platforms for everyday use in a mobile device. Please enlighten me with the other options (and yeah, I do know about pinephones, and I even own one, but it needs quite a bit of love (not talking about it having an inferior hardware - since I would like to use my phone as a portable camera as well)) Hmm, like disallow them in the AppStore but allow sideloading apps, even an alternative app store - and then put a large banner that it is insecure blabla that the user can ignore if he/she so chooses. Or allow it only with some developer mode for which a user would have to touch something n times , like it is on Android. So those who don’t know what is it all about can stay in their walled garden, while the rest can use their goddamn 1000 dollar phone the way they want The AppStore has every right to publish only apps they deem rightfull - so there would be absolutely no change there. Yet, apple should not be able to disallow me from using my device in any way I want to - that is I should be able to sideload anything, make it an alternative app store or a simple app. They are even free to hide that option from regular users so the security of them won’t be harmed - they can’t install malware with 2 clicks because there will be 4 apple prompts explaining why it’s a bad idea. But I get to install a prog language interpreter or a proper browser - so win-win (other than apple’s profits, but I couldn’t care less) There is a misunderstanding of market will choose the best competitor. A competition in of itself is not fair, it needs heavy regulation to become fair - like a running contest could be won by anyone if they were to shoot the other contenders. And this is what happens in unregulated markets - we’ve got an oligopoly, with a really high bar to enter - basically impossible for a newcomer (note that even Microsoft failed to enter it). So there should absolutely be some government regulation to make it fair - and it is not overreach. It is simply no longer Apple’s decision, since it is practically a public service in part, as you noted. Because if you want to enter the mobile market you HAVE to? This “the customers will choose the best” thing has never been true, even in its source. The context is “in a fair competition between competing products” (which won’t be true again, because humans are not rational - otherwise marketing would not matter) Also, it’s not like I have any chance ever to compete with Apple, even if I were to be the cleverest people on Earth. Not op, but hardware and UX-wise they do a great job. Photo-taking is especially good which is pretty important on a mobile. Also, their phones will be supported for a remarkable number of years, while retaining their price on second hand markets. It doesn’t excuse them from letting me use my phone as I want to. I don’t see how allowing sideloading wouldn’t be a solution for both sides. I deeply agree with your last paragraph, but the first one is quite naive. It is simply their PR “mission”, their only real mission is the good ol’ dollar, nothing more. Well, I don’t feel inprisoned, but nor am I completely happy with this phone. iSH is really great, and is a must - and so would several other app which can’t exist here. It’s not a desire, it is a must. There are certain kinds of application that simply would be meaningless, if they could not target 50% of the population. Like what would a messenger clone do with only half the people? (And I am fairly sure, that if nothing else, financially most apps or app ideas are in this category) We agree on your last point, an open platform should finally emerge (and it is pretty much happening with pinephone) - but it would be a fairy tale to believe that it can gain foothold in the recent future against these monster corps You forget about the splitting of developers were a new project to emerge. Microsoft failed, partly because it was as of yet not a big enough platform to target by other developers - they have enought things to do with android and apple. A new platform can’t emerge unless there is some incentive for developers to target it. Linux phones are in a special circumstance, because apps are developer for them out of a hobby. But phones are a main social device, you can’t have one that doesn’t have your bank’s app on it for example. Linux phones must emulate android (and it is sort of working, fortunately) to remain afloat. Oh, if it was the only bad thing he done - but the work conditions are terrible at his factories, he actively sabotages unions, he is absolutely just sells this engineer image of him: he is NOT a founder of tesla, he simply bought the title, he takes credit for his workers’ accomplishments, the only thing he engineered in tesla for example is some design work. He also sells himself as a self-made millionare, while his father has an emerald mine in South Africa. So basically he is a narcissist scammer. Why? Like, seriously. Telemetry is useful, and I am more than happy to provide them with some useful metrics so they know what to improve on - since I can’t really help with the code itself, since it is an insanely huge project. It’s not like they use it to build a profile of you, as goddamn chrome does. I feel that whatever Mozilla does can never be good enough for some people, even though they are one of the most important players in the “fight” of OSS. Just think about it, linux is only usable as a desktop OS because most of the desktop apps migrated to the web - and firefox is the only free browser that is actually capable, as well as the only engine that is not google-controlled. We should support them as much as we can. Then let a bunch of rabid wild animals in your place, as that is what the only alternative is (every chromium based browser). Also, it is a click-bait, out of date article without much truth to it, don’t believe everything you read online That’s strange, though probably due to dart being a small language. For java and kotlin intellij absolutely blows visual studio out of the water and you really can program with only pressing ctrl+space Just because someone cheated in an online game doesn’t mean that he should not be able to play his offline games. Imo it’t not Steam’s place to decide Whaat, I would not call intellij unbelievably fast, but it is a resource hog because it does a million thing at once. Compare it to visual studio, which is something that barely works and has inferior auto-complete, etc. An electron app of that complexity would require a supercomputer to even start That’s a bad take. If facebook would be your ordinary pop&mom shop, you would be right. But as it stands, it is currently used as the only news’ source, communication method for a great majority of many countries’ residents - at which point it should not be exempt of questioning what their algorithm places in front of everyone - as it demonstratebly changes people’s biases/opinion on important topics. The relevant code resides in libinput, and it can be used as “input source” for xserver as well. Sorry, but this is a really self-centric view on the issue. It is absolutely not an individual choice, and it should not be. Also, it is a hyperbole to compare it to “if it saves even one live”, when in reality you have to wear a mask to decrease the R rate, so that the country’s hospitals doesn’t get absolutely flooded with people due to the exponential rate of the infection - making them unable to cure people even if they were to need treatment for other reasons then covid. So basically, in order to have working modern medicine, everyone has to wear masks.. I’m sorry but it’s not like a bug in cp or something. It is kind of a big and complicated source where you (pardon me if I’m wrong) can only modify things if you are familiar with the code base. And since most of the actual people who were familiar with the code base left it (because they think it is not worth it, due to the architectural mismatch between Xorg’s model and current hardware), I doubt it would be trivial to fork/debug it. There are ways to do all these things but they are compositor agnostic - which frankly makes sense. I don’t want a random app running on my desktop querying these informations in a hacky way, while the whole of this information is stored nicely in memory by the compositor. They just simply have to provide an API for that - and that’s the beauty of wayland - they let the compositor implement any number of custom apis and the app can query which ones are supported by the compositor and vice versa. Well, yes. Wayland is a display protocol and it does its work splendidly. X11 does a lot more than display management, and those things should not be put into the display manager yet again as it is a mistake. As you can see in this thread, resizing in gnome on wayland looks like this ( https://i.imgur.com/kaS9nVr.mp4 ), which compared to MacOS ( https://imgur.com/EAPzmKC ) is lightyears behind in terms of smoothness (as reported in the same thread, wayland-comparable performance is observed on windows as well). What I can think of as a difference is that Wayland sends resize requests on each mouse-move event, while MacOS MAY do some sort of clever hack. Maybe they try to predict mouse movement and only ask for a subset of all sizes of the window from the application? Is anyone familiar with what happens here, in depth? Nix doesn’t sandbox applications, it is basically only patches the ELF header so that it links to nix store entries instead of /usr/lib when it comes to shared libs. So While I don’t have benchmarks, it is basically in the same ballpark as Arch programs. It is only required because /nix is hardcoded (but only to make using binary caches possible). Later on, writing to this store is done by a nix user, and install can be issued by a normal user. Both. You get to use packages others have written the same way as you do on arch. And you can also decleratively specify your build environkent, or override some attributes like apply a custom patch in a package someone else wrote. But you are just as not required to learn nix, as you don’t need to know how to write a .deb package to use ubuntu But you simply don’t have to worry about it. You test it on the next LTS release of nixpkgs and that’s it. Your user may download a bit more data, but I found that nix is lightyears faster then fedora’s build tool, and on par with arch, while not polluting the whole filesystem with random files. I don’t see where would you need more maintainance. Because they do a ton of things and are full-featured IDEs. Of course it takes more resource than a vim or vscode instance which are only code editors Honestly, DLL hell is currently only a solved problem by nix and guix and at this point onwards, I don’t see much point in not porting everything over to the nix way of maintaining packages. How many require hospitalization? Because that number will easily overflow the available healthcare services increasing death of all other conditions.. It’s not that hard to understand Depending on the context of the program, both can be more comfortable. Pointers/enumerators? 0-based Heavy math problem? 1-based I believe there is a few languages which can let you set it Well, if an aimbot is only statistically as good as a good human player, does it matter anymore whether the player actually plays or a good bot? If it is only as good as a real player than it won’t be invincible and will be equivalent to playing with a few AIs in a multiplayer game - which already happens. Also, I believe the exact mouse movement will not be the same for a human and an aimbot - so not only statistics can be used to ban players Why would letting another app store be installable on an iphone make your mom not able to just use App Store the same way she does it now? It’s simply not an either or question. It could be hidden the same way as developer options are in Android so your mon - with all due respect - will never accidentally enable side-loading, while I can actually use my phone for whatever I want. That is absolutely irrelevant to the point. But there is now an actual solution to dependency hell: nix and guix deterministic build tools. Though I agree with you that binary compatibility itself is/was not that stable on linux as it was on windows. Believing that the Earth is flat is mostly harmless. Believing that vaccines cause autism, that covid is a hoax, etc is actively harmful to society and actually kills people (more often then not not the one who believe it in the first place). Not who you are replying, but fair points, and there is obviously a really important question at hands, that is trust. No one person can hold all the information, discoveries we have accumulated over the years, so we ultimately rely on the belief that someone we respect is trustworthy. And the thing to notice here is that even an astrophysicist can only BELIEVE that gravity exists, when asked even though they could most probably prove it if needed. With these things aside, the both sides mentality stops being applicable at a certain point. While one side can show you thousands of evidence that a certain cure does work, the other side shows one questionable example of it not working and it is enough for their believers. So as to answer the specific case with antivaxxers: I will not engage with such an argument because they in fact have no scientific leg to stand on automatically. For to have any meaningful debate, we would have to talk about a specific vaccine that may or may not be safe. If we have such a strong statement (in a mathematical sense) that ALL instance of something is a given property, is ought to not be true in a mathematical sense - and without understanding probabilities there is no point in arguing. Wayland is a display protocol, and the base of that protocol is deliberately really minimalistic - it’s there so different programs understanding the protocol can draw their rectangular windows on to the screen and that’s it. But Wayland developers did think of additional requirements but were thinking that ad hoc inventing something that may or may not be implemented downstream would be a bad idea (it is), so they created a standard way of adding extensions to the base protocol - which are created with cooperation between major desktop environments - the actual implementers of said protocols. And as of now, wayland is pretty feature-compatible with x, in an actually extendable way (much more close to the UNIX philosophy if that’s your thing). Or see my previous answer: write a custom extension for your compositor (which in most cases already exists and cross-DE) and add additional feature? Like, notification daemons like this already exist on sway (and every other compositor that use wlroots, a compositor backend). Brave is basically a chrome with preinstalled extensions, which would wither away the second chrome stopped being developed. Firefox is a treasure we should keep alive, because otherwise the web would turn into the same closed source walled garden, as most other things do. You are hurting them, and I’m not sure if this is too hard for you to understand or you are simply evil. I would be really interested in something like that, but do you believe that the pinephone would be powerful enough for that? Out of these, only Microsoft could reasonably develop a browser enginge - and they stopped doing so, decreasing the available web implementations by one. I’m not worried about google stopping chrome, it is way too big for that - just firefox is unique in what they are doing, and is irreplaceble from a freedom of web perspective. Good morning, wayland is stable Phosh is written from scratch and don’t have much to do with the actual gnome shell source-wise. You can just start typing your password - something you can’t do on windows and it drives me mad there. It is so frustrating dealing with anti-wayland anti-systemd anti-anything that changes the 30 year old status quo and makes linux actually alive instead of bitrotting on old computers.. Wayland is a display server - xorg started out as one as well, but it got extended to such an extant that at one point it contained a printing service as well. Wayland goes back to the base problem - how to display a window on a/many screens - and solves it splendidly. And leaves the rest to the actual desktop environment because it is not display related. UNIX phylosophy is not all that sexy when it is actually useful is it? But wayland developers were clever enough to add a proper extension management system so a client can query what is available and use what’s given. Does implementing wayland by multiple DEs consist of some duplicate work? Sure. Should we not refactor all the technical debt that accumulated over DECADES to the point where a new hardware was introduced? I think the answer is no. And I’m not sure which group is tribalist, the ones who blindly hate on something because - surprisingly - without work there would be nothing, or those who make the new thing usable. There is theoretical issues with the X way of handling graphics hardware. Also, wayland also uses sockets.. If we measure readiness by having every application ported over to wayland, then it will never come - but it is not a useful metric imo. Screensharing/recording works on wayland (that is, there are extensions supporting it). Clients are slower to adapt, but once stable chromium does, a major pain point in client availability will be solved (I mean electron apps) Wayland is developed by those who... wrote Xorg? Oh I see, misunderstood you there. Yeah, many apps are basically just the desktop version with some pre-configured scaling to make them barely usable - but as far as I know it is only by necessity until the mobile friendlier alternative emerges. But while it is good to see the advances mobile linux GUIs make, they are still far from usable as a primary device :/ I agree with you, and so it seems that actually allowing completely free speech is not that great of an idea in the end - as if it is banned from a major platform they will form their micro-platforms where they will think they are more numerous, and that their ideas are accepted. So I do believe that Europe see it well, there should be a certain border of free speech How about refuting the memory leaks claim? Or the others in previous posts as well, that were calling out impossible features of the lang (that sounded like some ad) Nitpicking nitpicks is still nitpicking. Well, I will believe it when I see it, as well as the other hard to believe claims like I don’t know how many lines of code/second compilation speed, perfect C-to-V compiler, etc. I’m not sure how many of it is still up on the website, because some were called out and were taken down. Just because it happens outside the ‘parents’ body doesn’t mean the environment does it anymore than a mother being only a filter around the womb and the environment. An egg is a complex life that can reproduce the whole organism (and actually with energy stored INSIDE, that’s why they are great nutritios value for others) It’s fair to try to solve issues. But these are hard issues, and it is at best overconfident to outright say they will do X, when they didn’t even started working on it, and at worse it may be a scam making money from donations, but I am hoping that it is the first case. At the start of the project, the source code was not available and I deliberately wrote that I really hope and want to believe that the first option is the correct. Nonetheless, this project did start controversially with absolutely bold claims, other, similarly small languages like zig interestingly doesn’t have bad connotations associated with it. Hopefully V will be able to shed these and will grow successful. Isn’t each cell a life form unto itself? Like there are cell lines from cancer cells that has been living outside their ‘host’ long after the human they were aquired from died (HeLa) They just specialize in an specific environment created and maintained by cells with the same genetic material Well, it is a difficult question as linux is a bazaar-style ecosystem and while apple can change something fundamental at a whim, every significant change in linux will result in a split of the community (with different ratios) and the ‘winner’ will slowly swallow the other. But still then, noone has the incentive in open-source to start porting their app (and usually, since the new thing will be a smaller community at first, it creates a negative feedback loop) - fortunately those that depend on frameworks more often than not can simply be started in wayland mode and no change is required by the maintainer. For more special clients (like a screen reader) you will need more time as these programs require special handling by the compositor so one has to create an extension for that and a/some DE should implement it then. It will take some time and maybe some niche program that relied heavily on the X implementation will never be ported, or will have to be recreated with wayland in mind (I mean those scripting little programs that read what is under the cursor and the like) Also, most DEs have really good backwards compatibility thanks to xwayland - because frankly some app will never be ported. (Also, accessibility is unfortunately quite the last thought on even paid platforms - and last I heard it was not all that great to begin with on linux) As for the latter: Or you know, most applications don’t need manual memory management because more often than not, programmers WILL get it wrong. Unless you really need that level of control over the hardware, you ARE better off with a good runtime env Completely agree. I would be interested in a modern, advanced user GUI trend - like most of the modern UIs optimize for discoverability and for a sufficiently complex use case (like photoshop, video/music editing software) where learning the UI is a must, most programs would need a feature-packed, hotkey/gesture-rich one. I don’t dislike python, but as far as I know reproducibility is a big problem in scientific circles (actually in both meanings, but I’m talking about copy-pasting codes not running at all). ML is famous for it and python is the most used language there. “ and that it's part of any reasonable strategy for controlling outbreaks of infectious disease.” Any source on that? As far as I know every disease that would still continue to decimate us, we managed to counter through vaccines, antibiotics or general availability of some other drug. Natural immunity does work in selected individuals but if it would work in sufficient quantities, a given disease would not spread? Like, don’t you think that the cases should start decreasing or at least platou already since we’ve been fighting this virus for a year already? Of course exponential growth is not sustainable and once it will decrease from natural immunity (or because so many people died that the average distance between people greatly increases) but I would rather not wait for a significant portion of humanity to die when there are solutions on the horizon. If the human immune system could effectively fight this virus than maybe there would not be goddamn 79 million infected?? As I’ve written in my other post - yes of course exponential growth will once ceize. But it is absolutely insane to think with the current trends that the outcome of waiting and doing nothing or infecting young people or every other stupid thing regarding natural immunity will effectively counter this virus - not until a significant percentage of humanity have already died. (Also, you do realize that vaccines work by “teaching” the immune system, right?) This could be the textbook example under hyperboles. Than don’t jump to conclusions based on click-bait headlines with no actual content. Here you are: “ There are two possible approaches to build widespread SARS-CoV-2 im- munity: (1) a mass vaccination campaign, which requires the development of an effective and safe vaccine, or (2) natural immu- nization of global populations with the virus over time. However, the consequences of the latter are serious and far-reaching—a large fraction of the human population would need to become in- fected with the virus, and millions would succumb to it. Thus, in the absence of a vaccination program, establishing herd immunity should not be the ultimate goal. Instead, an emphasis should be placed on policies that protect the most vulnerable groups in the hopes that herd immunity will eventually be achieved as a byprod- uct of such measures, although not the primary objective itself.” https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32433946/ That is true, but maybe Python doesn’t help with its primarily interpreter-based ecosystem (think of jupyter) where a result may only worked for the author because a variable he/she uses used to refer to something else no longer there in the source code (but still defined). Which bit me more than once with for example sage - but it may be simply a problem with jupyter/the way the scientific community writes code. May I ask you what sort of tools you use for verification, including language? Is it model checkers like TLA+? Most package manager formats are simple text files as well. Also, docker doesn’t solve the DLL hell problem, just pushes it out of sight. The nix package manager is something that actually solves it and it should be promoted and leave docker to things it is good at - containerization. What’s your opinion on the scalability of formal methods? Isn’t it still the case that basically formal verification is impossible to do for larger code bases (like at least 10-100x that of sel4 in lines of code) and even sel4 took many many years and experts? How would it tell that something is wrong? Like, it went through a wall, and the app let it do so - what’s the problem? Testing non-deterministic code paths are a really hard problem because you don’t really know what to test for. Offtopic but may I ask you for some game/OpenGL-related questions? I’m attending a computer graphics course and have to write a minecraft clone - and I don’t yet “feel” the performance of the CPU vs the GPU and sometimes I have trouble deciding which one to push. Like, am I allowed to call glDraw* multiple times per different objects when the data is already on the gpu, or should I try to push somewhat dissimilar objects into the same buffer and write more complicated shaders differentiating them (without ifs if possible?) or are gpus so performant nowadays that unless I do something stupid I should not worry about it? Moore’s law has ended quite a few years ago - or do you mean it regarding GPUs because I don’t know about that. But even though parallelism can be increased, the gains from them are limited as per Amdahl. Correct me if I’m wrong but ray tracing should iterate over every object in the general direction of that ray - and that can be less with things like AABBs and the like, while rasterization can throw away triangles with Z-masking. Is the former all that more efficient? Then the textures used for reflection is bad - not the ray tracing. Thank you for the informative answer! Though mushrooms contain large amounts of chitin which we can’t really digest, so I’m not sure they would be a good fit as base food. Small creators who need income will get barely anything, while the ones the youtube algorithm prefers will get all. So yeah support them directly if you want but not google so I think vanced and the like is perfectly fine solution. Youtube exploits creators’ work to make viewers at a cost of hosting said videos. It would be a pretty symbiotic thing but with the recent direction Google took I would rather not partake. Also, I barely use youtube. And I used to pay for for example google play music but as usual, google killed it. Not who you are responding to, but really interesting comment, thanks! I am not too knowledgeable on the topic, may I ask you what sort of confidence is required for a well working contact tracing application? A naiv those-who-live-together is so utterly useless that it was rejected? And do I get it right, you meant to real-time track everyone and if someone turns out to be infected, everyone gets quarantined who they met in the preceding days? What percentage of contacts can “slip through” so that it is still effective? Isn’t there a working trade-off like counting people who work together and family or is it still subject to unimplementable exponential explosion? Or am I asking the wrong questions as these are epidemiologic ones rather than technical? If so, excuse my lack of knowledge on the topic. Just by being an independent browser engine, firefox is arguibly one of the most important open source software projects - since basically everything is web-based nowadays and they are the only thing making the web the web, instead of a fancy google chrome runtime. Other than that, I pretty much value having actual privacy when browsing, and firefox is really really good at that with ad-blocking (which may easily go away with chrome and with the pace of development on it, forks will be in a pretty bad situation), containers, etc. I know it’s an analogy, but elevators are dead-simple concepts with many fail-safety mechanisms independent of the controlling ‘program’. Self-driving cars are ridiculously complicated black-box program with at most software fail-safes that are itself more complicated than one can reason about so the only thing remaining is empirical testing in real-world situations. And every single bugfix have to be retested substantially as it can just as easily make something else worse - and I don’t feel confident about today’s “self-driving” cars Do you think that increasing the number of autonomous cars will linearly decrease the number of accidents to a certain point? Don’t you think that increasing their number will increase the chances of meeting with really bad human drivers and we simply don’t have sufficient info on whether those ‘meetings’ are less or more deadly than with a human driver - and those are the cause of a significant chunk of accidents. And by intuition I doubt that today’s AI could react better than a competent human driver to someone cutting in front of it, and the like. Simply because we are better at reading high-level patterns in others’ driving. Reaction time is not the only metric that matters. Lol. At the level of tech? We are barely better than a lego mindstorm that goes forward until something is not closer than x centimeters.. (with a bit of sarcasm) An autonomous car can’t really exit a parking building (I’m not really sure what are they called, but those multi-level parking thingies) because it would require them to understand signs and the like and those may often be missing. Can an AI system learn on the fly (that would negate the testing done by the way)? Because I’m fairly sure other than sensor input “normalization”, they can’t and humans can. Today’s AIs are happy to correctly identify which lane they should be on - counting how many people are on a given vehicle is so way out of scope that there is no point continuing. But then we assume that autonomous cars will replace these bad drivers - which is a pretty unsubstantiated claim, and the same percentage of drivers still be this bad when autonomous cars are more popular - and we don’t have enough data to conclude that autonomous cars are better at dealing with these bad drivers than competent humans (and I assume this is not true as of yet) Detection is pretty much where AIs excel so I doubt it would be a hard problem. And it could also just disable driving the car and that’s it, saving the same amount of people. But that doesn’t require self-driving, but a commonly implemented emergency brake in a ‘normal’ car. They can easily surpass humans in really specified problems like looking at millions of cells and identifying which is likely cancerous. Today’s AIs are pretty bad at complex problems where each subproblem would require a specific AI and then some logical thinking on top measuring each results’ to each other. And driving in non-trivial circumstances is definitely in the latter category And I would choose a fly over today’s state of the art computer vision systems because they are still better than the latter. There is a person in front of me, and the signal is on. Does it see me or only that other person? And frankly, it should not be legal. Either don’t sell it as self-driving / don’t even have that feature, or take full responsibility (within normal limits) for any accident. They have a post detailing why they went with a more embedded-like processor over one that could run linux. Probably they just had covid-related issues. I’m sure some much larger companies also had issues due to it. Maybe I misunderstand something, but I use jupyter for sage for example and the point of it is that graphical results can be shown there immediately. Some plots can be even made interactive. Learning another language with basically the exact same mental model behind them is not as worthy to spend time on. But learning a language with an entirely different paradigm is really eye opener and will make you a better programmer even if you’ll never write a line of code in it. For example, learning Haskell is a really good way to learn about FP and then you can easily apply it in a not strictly FP language. Prolog is interesting because it is really niche, and “learning it” as in solving a few easy problems will definitely not take much time but will add another way to think about a problem to your toolkit. How can you steal something that is basically free to copy (I mean the process of copying)? It is not even the same case as with songs and movies where the actual creator may arguibly lose “something”, but the author here doesn’t even get compensation from his/her work based on journal sells. The only thing scihub does is not give additional profit to journals, while greatly enhancing the life of many many people partly those that produce the actual value as well (even those who would otherwise have access because university vpns suck), and morally the latter is the good thing to do. The facebook website managed to eat 1GB of ram alone multiple times. Then there is no point in having a browser platform, because we are back where we started from. Then why don’t we simply run JVM apps, there are at least a handful of implementations, and it has at least a decent GUI (half joking here). But really, the JVM is where WASM may be several years later. All of it already exists with the JVM. It may be. As far as I know GraalVM can compile it AOT, but I don’t know about it’s performance characteristics. Java Applets were a security risk, but it was decades ago. Modern JVM has many options to sandbox a running app. But it seems that WASM tries to be a mininal CPU target instead, which is questionable - I can’t wait seeing memory errors (even if only inside a single webpage) on the web. With the good quality GCs available with JS, but even more so on JVM, I would say that running system languages should not be the point. What do you think of as risk factor in terms of inequality? I read the table more in terms that monetary help for the poor would be the most important, since most of The educationally important qualities seem to be non-cognitive, based on this study. If you meant the higher chance of mental illness correlating with IQ genes, than I think mental illness treatment as whole should substantially change to make it more socially acceptable, and help paying for it for those who need it. The important part is not the source code but the content. As for libgen, they provide torrents per 1000 (I think) books, so maybe downloading and seeding those could be helpful? (But I heard they recently created IPFS mirros as well) If it is well known human behaviour, is it their personal responsibility? Especially combined with the deliberate exploitation of said behaviour by corporations? It depends on many factors. If propaganda comes in small amounts, it will not be apparent and one can fall victim of it. If it comes in a sudden, big quantity, people may react with disgust and be more wary of similar content in smaller amounts. For an example, younger people can easily be effected watching videos with slight racism. Yet if you were to put a straight up neonazi speech in front of them, they would probably be disgusted. What does memory leak free mean? It has a semantic meaning. If I have a queue with elements and I won’t be accessing some of it in the next part of the program, is it a leak? Also, remember that certain GCd languages intern strings, is it a memory leak since it will not necessarily use it anymore? These robots are nowhere near the strength of an industrial one, so that’s a bad comparison - it is perfectly safe to dance alongside them. I am not sure about the exact number, but the dog-like robot can handle at most 30-40 kilos of weight, maybe the humanoid a bit more but in the same ballpark. The most dangerous would be the rolling one, since it has a counterweight, and crashing into someone would be bad but that’s it. They are absolutely not your average “able to lift 1 tonne” hydraulic arm robots that could indeed barely notice a human as resistence in its movement. I think you overestimate human intelligence. Surely, as of yet we are the most intelligent thing in the known universe, and the human mind can seemingly discover/invent/understand everything. But knowing that our math itself has a limit, and we are already pushing that limit with some problems it is naiv to think that the human brain is all that much capable. (Interestingly enough we are intelligent enough to somewhat know our limits - like the complexity of ZFC) While once singularity happens, an AI has basically only material limits to the complexity it can manage (though what I found beautiful is that even that would hit a limit not necessarily higher than we do - like there will be a busy beaver number it can’t reason about) Not repeating the others: If a package does end up using multiple version of the same lib, nixos can even deduplicate it somewhat, by symlinking one’s documentations to the other’s. Oh yeah, you are right. But in the case of libgen, other’s mentioned it is open source. And that’s why the Earth will collapse on humanity, growth over everything else.. Money is not the only value here, so I don’t see why it has precedence over what other’s find valuable? But doing things the way in line with what is “acceptable” for your employees could be seen as a cost that should be substracted from the profits as any other cost is. I don’t see why would it be bad? We already don’t do things like working children (unfortunately we still do it in third world countries) and the like, even though it could increase margins. Rust’s compiler does way more work than Go’s - it is not priorities.. I think with SIMD we have a language problem - the for construct is not what we often want to use, but a map. Also lack of distinction of pure and impure functions on most C based languages, basically disallow a lot of opportunities for proper simd. I don’t understand why a fast debug build mode and a really slow, but super-optimizing (not necessarilly in the meaning you mentioned in your link) compiler is not more used (I think zig does that). It would be the best of both words, really fast write-compile-test phase, and a production ready, fast binary on release. (i know that -O0-3 is similar, but on the whole it is not as popular as it could) While it is not truly private, it is absurd to compare it to a company that lives from tracking people and selling their data.. What sort of code do you see that is slower than Python?? It is either the “we have rewritten it in X language and due to the nature the rewrite we actually realized what is a better architecture for our software/half of the features are not even needed”, or you compare totally unrelated things. Also, I think people commonly underestimate complexity. Just look at your typical npm package description, it is not XML, yet you would never be able to write it by hand. For sufficient complexity, XML is quite good and human parseable. Also, it simply doesn’t matter. Noone writes 344 hello world projects. What may be missing (but is there with spring boot for example) is an auto-generator for projects. Setters and getters are only popular in Java EE/Spring based environments (and it can be easily useful). There is nothing in java that requires it per se, it’s just a design pattern/“standard” for some library to dynamically inspect objects. As for the amount of time it takes, I’m fairly sure that it takes less time to press alt+insert+select setters getters than it is to write anything, but to each there own. It’s not like people read source code from top to bottom. Also, this decimates your velocity is just straight-up coming from an alternative world. How do you write code, are you copying something by typing? I’m sorry to assume it, but I think you only know about java development from third-hand infos and it has nothing to do with reality. Fact is, Java is so huge that for every unreadable mess of a project, you get someone working on robot programming or something totally different with proper architectural decisions and the like. It is quite a bad take to assume it for the whole language. Go instead decided to go with a minimal runtime with a one-two order worse GC than any you can find in the JVM, which will result in inferior throughput in actual world benchmarks. While generating less garbage decreases the load on the GC so it can sometimes get away with it, complex server apps will not fall into this category. So actually, I really don’t see much value in go, other than the “you can throw as many developer at it, because they can’t really step on each other’s foot” which is actually great for what it was created for. Every language is fundamentally broken from day 1, whether it is a known tradeoff or something that remains hidden for several years. Also, even if you had the perfect language with a presumably not-mainstream feature, you would have to make that feature somewhat known in the developer ecosystem (just look at Rust’s borrow checker, it does cause issues for newcomers as opposed to features already having an analog in other languages). While FP ideas were known before Java (ML predates it by quite a few years), it has become only recently more acceptable, so it makes sense to only know incorporate it into the language (and yet again, do note that FP is not a silver bullet so java has to let developers write imperative constructs just as well as before) But it is almost never used (recently the unsafe package even got deleted). And Java has basically everything else written in Java, so it is not as often used as Rust’s unsafe. Java will have a safe foreign memory API soonish. I think every sufficiently large community will have outliers (in both direction), and Java is huge. I have a similarly bad opinion on the average JavaScript developer (or basically every “average” developer), but it is the product of the business decisions behind projects (cheap, bad developers, with huge churn rate) more than fundamental technical one. Nonetheless, I’m sorry for my previous overtly aggressive comments, it has no place here. Also, the OpenJDK is completely open source (even though it is primarily developed by Oracle employees), it’s not like there is any risk in using it. Google is sued because it created a java-copy instead of buying a license from Sun which explicitly required one for mobile devices. You don’t really need to tune the JVM for most applications other than setting a maximum heap size. More than likely you will make things worse than the defaults. The compiler can inline the necessary instruct in-place for such an architecture. I think no jumping away is meant more in terms of no hidden side effect I agree with you in that I really like and really miss them from languages since most of them doesn’t have it in a feasible way. But sealed classes are coming fortunately in Java at least. If it really bothers you, there is lombok. But I will tell you something, the complexity of most programs will require many lines of code that you simply can’t decrease anymore. Whether it is more by a tiny tiny factor doesn’t matter, over performance, observability and maintainability of a language - though being on the JVM, the mentioned languages can tick all of them (I’ve only written groovy with gradle, but due to the lack of typing, I though of it as more of a scripting language) It depends on the program domain, but I think it must have been quite fun designing a game as opposed to the client still doesn’t know what it wants and this API should instead do this. A language can’t be separated from the platform it runs on and the JVM has really good concurrency primitives, so a lib written on top of them will be top notch. Furthermore, the JVM will run circles around Beam with its state of the art GC and JIT compiler. (Not trying to start a flamewar, I really like Erlang, but the JVM is really incredible) I think he meant that naively implementing an algorithm may not be bounded by the O notation he/she originally wanted due to code calling other functions “hidden” from the programmer. Inefficiency and algorithmic complexity is imo not necessarily the same all the time. For a beginner, inefficiencies like allocating in loops and the like (which can often be optimized) are not that big of a problem, since they only change a constant factor. On the other hand, O(n^2) and it’s supersets can be problematic when applied blindly. I don’t remember the exact situation but I recall a GUI app that listed some options in a drop-down menu. But on each click, they managed to call a function with O(n^2) complexity and you don’t need many elements to get a big number that way, so the drop-down visibly froze the UI (I guess it was an older framework with no separate thread/just bad code that worked on the main thread). Of cource relax and enjoy programming, but I think reading up on algorithms can be fun and useful for the long term! A nitpick because this is an accepted notation, but as others mentioned in the thread: when someone writes 2n+3 = O(n) they mean 2n+3 \in O(n) (\in is little epsilon in latex, that is “element of set”), since O(f) is the set of all functions that has “f as an upper bound”. It was the contrary for me. I think it helps understanding that we are actually put a value to each line of code that gets executed, but instead of microbenchmarking, we do it in an abstract way, say print gets c1 constant, addition gets c2 and the like. For loops will multiply the instructions’ sum inside them by the number of times they get executed. And basically that’s it. You sum the whole thing and get something like (c1+c2) n+c3 for a for loop over an n element list or something with two instructions inside and one other outside the loop. Since these were arbitrary constants, c1 and c2 can be replaced by another one, so you’ve got c n+c3, and since (I’m not gonna be mathematically rigorous here) as n changes, it will be much larger than the others, we are only interested in it, hence it was an O(n) algorithm. The eye-opening thing about it was that for simple algorithms, I only need high-school math to analyze them for different measurements. Like, memory allocation is costly for this sort of application and I want to measure that, just count each malloc instead! (But do note that it is quite hard/impossible to rigorously analyze programs for modern CPUs with cache misses and the like) A function f(n) is O(g(n)) if the graph of f will be underneath the graph of g(n) for a big enough n. (If we want to be more correct, then I would have to add that if there exists a positive number c, and c g should be above the graph of f) So f(n):=3n+28 will be O(n^2), because choosing c as 3, for every n greater than or equal 4, 3 n^2 will be greater than f(n). It would help if I could draw some graphs, but hopefully it helps. Not necessarily set-up time, but either constants can reverse the roles, or the fact that CPUs are hardly complex and the model most often used in analyzing algorithms is more simple and doesn’t map too well to things like caches, branch-prediction and the like. SpaceX gets tons of government funding, while NASA’s was greatly cut over the years.. I use and like protonmail. Actually, it is harder to do in the US than in Europe due to the insane amount of sugar they put into everything (even bread!). Also, keeping oneself to a diet is a habit change, which is like the hardest thing to do, so don’t think lowly of those who have some trouble keeping themselves to it. I didn’t downvote but perhaps the overtly scientific writing. I had trouble understanding it even though I have some background in medicine. I mostly agree with you, but then the solution should not be a proper definiton of hate speech instead of letting it go? Also, I don’t see it misrepresented in actual laws, but only in non-law-related contexts. If we trust juries with the proper application of not always clear laws (and we do just that currently), than I don’t see the point of the usual “slippery slope” argument. It is hate speech in Saudi Arabia by definition of law (I guess, but I didn’t look up your claim). In Germany there is a different law for hate speech with a proper definition, made by the government chosen by the people - which may or may not have been the case in the former case. I don’t see how a law on hate speech is any different from all the other laws. Separation of powers is a thing (and it should be the highest priority of the people to keep it separate), and there are already plenty of rules controlling every aspect of our lives. How is it different in the case of hate speech? A theoretical case of a dictator rising would mean that a) he/she changes the definition of said hate speech to be more ambiguous b) infiltrate/corrupt the juries to remove people they deem dangerous to them. Now, if they manage to do a, they can have an easier time removing said opponents, but only with some corruption on the juries’ side. And if that happens, they could do away with the change of law, since any law can be applied to the oppnents in this case. What? Class methods are responsible for upholding the class invariants. That is, it provides you a way to encapsulate internal state. Of course all your class methods should be responsible for upholding that - but if you find that there are too many methods, you perhaps need a rethinking of architecture. Perhaps adding a wrapper class over an inner class? The inner class is the only thing responsible for upholding said class invariants, but the outer one can access it in different ways, without hurting the invariants. Java wasn’t open-source at the time Google copied it. In fact, the only thing that was prohibited by Sun’s license was mobile usage - they wanted to make money on Java with it. So Google should get sued to hell for blatantly copying it (and they are really bad at shepharding, just look at the state of android java vs openjdk) It is basically just a portable cpu architecture with everything it entails (manual memory management, etc). While there are plans for a gc, it seems hard to fit into this model (but I’m sure the team can pull it off). It is basically made so c/cpp and other low level languages could be run inside browsers, and I don’t really see the point of it? Like, it is probably good for a video editor running inside a browser, but it will probably mostly entail all sort of mining, unnecessarily usage of cpu and the like. And it won’t magically improve performance, since at the boundary , calling javascript is really expensive, usually much more than writing the whole thing in js. Unless of course if someone does plenty of numerical computations. AOT is not by itself anything good/fancy. As others mentioned, java could be AOT compiled since ancient times. Graal is state of the art/interesting, because it uses a different compilation technique than usual, looking at the program to be compiled incorporated with the interpreter for that compilation - which result in superior results for AOT compilation, and in the case of a replacement of JIT compilers, it looks promising (but not yet surpassing Hotspot). Android’s java is pretty terrible in comparison, just saying. As far as I know, full, profile-guided optimizations are the only paid features. Also, if Graal is instead used in place of Hotspot as a JIT compiler, there is no need for that so you get the “whole package”. > No part of Oracle's suit against Google relied on the claim that "Java wasn't open-source at the time Google copied it" It had a specific license explicitly disallowing mobile use. Everything else is irrelevant - google knowingly broke the license, didn’t they? This is copyright infringement. As for whether their copy of Java’s API at the time could constitute fair use and thus not subject to copyright law is up to debate and my personal opinion doesn’t matter on it. Yes, I absolutely dislike the direction web browsers went - was just trying to illustrate the point of wasm. In a more ideal world, I would like to see the JVM underneath modern web browsers And there is no reason the spread FUD. Oracle v. Google has nothing to do with it (Java’s licence at the time explicitly disallowed mobile usage) Do you have an examples that give rise to any sort of concern about the usage of GPL-licenced code (regardless of code owner)? I think reflection works with GraalVM native compile - the only catch is that the set of classes to be inspected by it should be known beforehand. Yes. But for longer running apps you are probably better off with a JVM since it will have better peak performance. About your last paragraph, I did try to get as close to primary sources as possible, without digging into the actual briefs, and I am no lawyer, so my understanding on these topics have a shaky foundation. But if you have done so, at least you as a presumably secondhand information source, could you give me a rebuttal on why am I wrong? It’s as big of an internal state as you make it/minimum as large as the problem domain requires. Functional programming doesn’t solve any of these problems by itself. There are cases where mutating state is better, and there are others, where it is worse fit. And the latter can just as well be expressed inside a class, like there is no requirement for mutation. I think the two should go hand-in-hand, and for different parts of a program different paradigms can be used? Maybe even add actos-based programming as a possibility, but there is nothing inherently bad with OOP imo, and it is the best way to encapsulate some logic. I would rather not trust a company with my life that has trouble with basic things like security.. GraalVM does precisely that for dynamic languages (with really really impressive speeds, graaljs’s performance can be in the same ballpark as v8 when it comes to peak performance). But as far as I know, there Java re-implementation on top of it uses byte-codes. What’s wrong with type erasure? It’s always get brought up, but other than missing overloading (it never occured to me, but it is at least an objective criticism), it is basically what every single language does, other than c#. Come on, you guys are in every thread nitpicking tiny tiny things like this, while the alternative is literally incomparably worse, and the only thing you achieve by this is making firefox’s case harder for those who don’t look up your ridiculous claims... First of all, all of these things can be turned off; second, checking if you are using an outdated, potentially insecure browser is essential - if there is a vulnerability, the least of your problem will be that one goddamn ping to a mozilla domain... There is no need for FSD, just a simpler AI/sensors that detects collision and breaks before the driver does (which is already a feature in some cars) Fail safety doesn’t mean anything, if the decisions it makes is bad, like thinking a plastic bag is a solid object on the road, or simply forgetting where the lane is over a distance and swerving into oncoming traffic.. Wouldn’t it make sense that “hardware” gets tested before it can go on the roads, why is it not the case with software? And if they find a bug, than disable the software whole-sale until it is tested by regulators again (since it can introduce new bugs as well) Try (don’t) to drive by looking only at the display of it than.. An advanced enough AI, and we are really far from it. Current AIs are really good at isolated problem solving, but driving is not in that domain. Then feel free to look it up in the source code, or even patch it. What’s up with type safety? The only escape hatch is casting (and of course co/contra/invariance, but it is a semantic issue). Overloading may be a legit issue, but I am yet to run into it, you are right about arrays and value types, but they are being worked on and hopefully project valhalla can solve these issues. C++’s templates have different trade-offs (lack of semantic validation, though perhaps it is solved by concepts and constraints? I haven’t looked into them yet) Modernizes C language = Zig. But I don’t see a point in using systems languages for the usual UNIX tools, they could be rewritten in a more secure language. In the rare case performance is important, there is FFI, but they are usually IO-bound so there is not much point. It would not stop these sort of exploits if I’m not mistaken (ok, it could help since rewriting return addresses is not possible I think), but memory errors that cause logic bugs are still possible. But experience with one language tranfers quite well to a new one. I also see a deep problem from the business side, that a programmer is easily replaceable ot that just by throwing more (mediocre) people at the problem will help solve it faster, or even the existence of rock-star developers. Building software is slow, because essential complexity. We are writing programs that no one person can hold in their heads. And based on the average CRUD app, it might not be trivial (even though they are already increasingly complex), but more complex applications really can take multiple years/decades to create. And it is a bit sad that there is little focus on reuse, even though that is the only silver-bullet out there. No language, no tool; but (high-quality) libraries. Both of them achieved a minimum viable product stage at that point. Git is good today because of the many many additional time that were spent on it, and a programming language is not software in itself. I am fairly sure that we don’t use a thing from Eich’s implementation. And the building of V8 engine for example started in 2008! (And even the language had to go through multiple revisions to make it useable, which it became only recentishly) Noone will write a VM with state-of-the-art GC, JIT compilation and the like in 2 weeks from scratch, and this is an example of a complex application. But that is because OSs are not rewritten from scratch every time, but rather iterated upon. Just try to use facebook, messenger or countless other “apps”. They have so low quality that I don’t understand how can they even allow publishing those.. There are regular UI glitches, I frankly can’t believe the UI that the requested functionality went through and have to double check, and I even have to check if it didn’t issue commands I didn’t want to. For some code, yes. What about a complete refactor of the core functionality of said program, with parallelism and the like? “The first gulp from the glass of natural sciences will turn you into an atheist, but at the bottom of the glass God is waiting for you.” - Heisenberg It doesn’t matter whether I’m atheist or not, but to state that you can fully explain - well - any process of the universe is simply naive. There are areas we know many things about, but biology itself has an enormous amount of accidental complexity, (which is often brought up by atheists as a criticism of design) for example many many signal path ways that do fundamentally the same thing, but differently. Compared to that, spaghetti codes have good architecture. Whether God exists or not is imo orthogonal to the complexity of the world around us. First of all, I though we are past the time where attacking other’s beliefs is acceptable. Second, have you ever heard of this thing called philosophy? It is not useless to think about the word in an abstract way - without necessary relevance to the physical world. Like, what IS math? By the way, I do not approve of those believer that go against science, since I think belief and actual reality can go hand-in-hand, and even with God, or perhaps because of Him, one can appreciate the beauty of sciences. Beliefs are not solely there to explain the “unexplainable”, you forgot the human part of it. I agree that explaining what we don’t know with God is, well.. not explaining it. But if the said believer is not blinded by the charlatany branch of his/her religion (in case of Christianity there are many such, and many are absolutely fine with sciences), then I don’t see no evil. For some people it is calming to know that their loved ones “can’t” inexplicably die in every moment in an accident, that perhaps someone is watching over them - and many other, fundamental human innate cravings that want a God. (Which of course begs the question of isn’t God just a projection) Does pi (math) exist at all is perhaps the more interesting question. Or that why can seemingly ‘random’ rules we made up be applied to the real world. Especially when it comes to infinity. > One can explain anything based on the God hypothesis Why would it be the case? 1+1=3 because God exists? And thus your conclusion is false. DNA can’t bootstrap itself, so to say. So previous cell-functionality is required for everything, so you can only re-instantiate an entire organism if you have a denucleated pluripotent cell from an evolutionary close enough organism. (But correct me if I’m wrong) And then calculate the odds that the given DNA (though the RNA hypothesis seems more plausible) is in sufficient conditions like inside a lipid-bilayer with sufficient nucleotides for a reproduction - which is more than likely thermodynamically not a stable state to be in, so add another factor with an e^(-x) expression. But this is more of a proof how insanely big a mole is, rather than the fundamental question. Also, Rubik’s cube possibilities is not that high. Try to create each permutation of a standard deck of cards (hint: there are less atoms in the universe than the number of permutations) Though it is sort of well understood in embryology. It was quite some times ago I studied it, but the big picture is that each cell starts out as a so-called pluripotent cell, that can turn to every other cell type. The important first step is axes selection (head-tail, left-right). The left-right axes is selected in a really interesting way, cells in the middle have a little flagella that tends to rotate in a specific direction. (If my memory is right, the condition where someones internals are all mirror images of “normal” is caused by some problem with these) Now secreted signal molecules will be concentrated on one side, and this selects the given side. But the big picture is that each cell has a decision tree, and local signal molecule concentration is the criteria on which they decide. And later each cell has the ability to express yet another signal molecule and so on. If we were to imagine a 2d plane and you could symmetrically place a secretion center of A and B signal in a left and right region respectively, than you can have a new type of cell in the middle if it changes based on “signal A and B is on”. Isn’t it still just a canvas with basically no accessibility, and all the negatives of a flash app? The world may be rational, the human mind is definitely not (even when we believe so) - for some people, believing in a higher entity helps. And they can work harder because of it, or simply have better mental health. Also, many scientists were/is religious, so let it be a personal choice, up until it doesn’t hurt others. You can’t really respect another person if you disrespect his/her religion.. Math is not that easy. How does something like eg. Group Theory fits into this “definition”? And yet, it is useful to the real world. Superstition is not religion. I meant it in terms of a widget with no notion of the DOM. You can’t really right click, select, only if the app creator overrides those events. Nothing native. Also, what if the creator embeds an ad inside a canvas? You would need an AI to hide it from there. So, all in all a pretty terrible direction to go.. Ok, what about the vision impaired? Or any other point I mentioned? Life is not built on ‘binary’, there are 4 bits. All four nucleotides take part in the encoding (reading happens on one thread only). And since life was presumably started with RNA, we are still talking about 4 base elems I did think about that, that’s why I added the second paragraph, namely that what about RNAs? (Since presumably they precede the DNA world) They can self-bind (I don’t know the proper nomenclature in English), but by all means they have 4 bases. Thermodynamics would beg to differ about your first sentence. Also, I’m not trying to disprove your point, since life did emerge in some way and I’m not fond of unscientific explanations. But it is naiv to assume that life is a definite outcome given an Earth-like situation with a primordial soup. RNAs are a single chain. Your point makes no sense. A code with a 4 letter alphabet would be 2 letter, if it happened to use a parity “bit” or other error correction info? I replied in terms of your first sentence. Molecules doesn’t concentrate spontaneously without active energy expenditure from someone (putting salt in a pot will have salt uniformly distributed everywhere). Now, either there were some naturally formed impermeable areas with an abundance of base material (yet again, I’m not saying life emerged because the UFOs created it), or we are talking about many orders of magnitude less statistical chances. I am willing to believe that many, not individually extraordinary thing had to happen at the same time, that made life possible - but that pretty much makes their combined presence extraordinary, which is my claim. (Some form of underwater volcanic caves or whatever could sound like a possibility, especially because last I checked, starting sticked to a surface with certain catalytic activities is a plausible theory. Especially due to the reduced statistical chances due to a 2D surface instead of a 3D one! What I have a bit of trouble seeing, is how did organic materials form - I am aware of the famous experiment with lightning bolts that created ammonia and some other chemicals, but it would only slowly increase their uniform distribution in the oceans. Perhaps some chemical reaction with gases that made them accumulate? ) I don’t understand your second point. Which web app works offline?? (Unless they are deliberately made for that purpose. Hell, even most electron apps refuse to work without a connection) They regularly make new requests, there is literally no difference between SSR and CSR in this regard - it seems a bit that you are arguing with a straw men. Like, what does a webshop do which is written in react/whatever and you go to the next “page”, it hadn’t loaded yet? Also, noone would even think that it is unreasonable for a WEBapp to phone home. What people have trouble with is tracking, that is orthogonal to the current topic and should be condemned. Back then, looking native was the most important thing. Today it seems electron apps can get away with looking anything but native - so perhaps it’s time to resurrect some other desktop frameworks (I just recently started working with JavaFX and I really like it so far. Unfortunate that it is so niche) Perhaps they forgot to disable 2G on their servers /s Yeah, I agree. But Swing has some cool themes nowadays. (And JavaFX is pretty easy to theme, but I have not yet tried it extensively) Last time they rendered everything into a canvas. The initial plan was to render DOM elements on the web (the other platforms are essentially canvases, so it was the easiest to implement). I don’t know the current state of Flutter, please don’t judge it based on my comment alone! But do look out for it, and perhaps also cross-browser usability. Yet again, I write about an older version, but under Firefox the demo Flutter apps were insanely slow (much more than under chrome) What about non-experimental questions, like how did life form? There is useful research regarding these questions with great, educated guesses on the unknowable parts - is it not science? Also, nitpick but it would be absurd to call ‘religion’ not real. Like, one of the most fundamental organizations in the previous centuries is something I would not call non-existent. Whether God exists or not is a different, philosophical question - and to a degree it is similar to the how did life start on Earth question, with hypotheses that can’t necessarily be verified. Do you trust Linux? It has the exact same license. Do you have any source where Oracle issued a lawsuit for lawful use of a license? But Oracle’s JVM is the exact same as the OpenJDK in terms of functionality - just to clarify it. As opposed to which big open-source project? Do you really believe linux is a few individuals’ work? Just look at which companies pay the contributors. You do realize that the JVM is like one of the best performer out of the high-level languages? Did you set a heap size for your app? Because the JVM has an eager way of consuming RAM (since then it doesn’t have to do useless work with garbage collection) - and the defaults are closer to a server config. I don’t have much knowledge on the low-level intricacies of CPUs, could someone please answer a question of mine? There is an older, famous post titled something like “C is not a low-level language”, and relatedly one that assembly itself is not all that low-level today. I do now almost nothing about the state of today’s CPUs, only that they are extensively complex with long pipelines and that branch prediction is a thing. Also, several layers of caches. x86 on top is almost only an API which frees the hardware engineers from backward compatibility, since these intricacies are programmed by microcodes that are not really accessible to general software. My question is, wouldn’t a “dumber” processor be better with a more expressive “API”, with instructions like prefetch, some form of parallelism (so that pipelines can be created with machine code and not just heuristics), since it is probably easier and better to branch predict in software than in hardware? In a way current processors sort of JIT compile assembly to some hardware-native form, but if those hardware-level tools were accessible to software, software could do much much better optimizations and bugs could be patched. Or you know, development on Linux is not cathedral but bazaar based, and they can’t just say “this is the new display protocol”. And until a critical mass is achieved noone will even start porting apps over, and all that. Wayland is (fortunately) coming, but changing a whole ecosystem is not a small feat (even with the great backward compatibility with XWayland, because unmaintained apps will never port) But this is the thing, X is not network transparent anymore. Basically no app created in the last decade use the native rendering libs of x, and thus what happens over the network (moving bitmaps) is much worse than what a decent video streaming algorithm could do. There is no reason for a display protocol to know about these things. At most it is responsible for giving access to a window’s/screen’s buffer and then any app can do whatever they want with it, eg compress it and stream it (which as I wrote in an other topic is usually better performing than today’s frameworks over whatever remained of X remoting, with bitmap transfers and the like) Car navigation panels where Wayland is already used? Also, screen sharing is not that easy of a problem if done properly (eg. allowing another app to act on the buffer and directing it here and there) There is nothing fundamentally difficult about goddamn snow, like transparent windows are a thing in wayland, full screen overlays are supported in some compozitors, so feel free to port it over if this is really the ultimate thing you need in life? Noone is bothered by the people that simply don’t care about or can’t switch. People are bothered about “why rediscover the wheel when x11 works fine, and also this whole protocol is shit because no screenshot blahblah“. If we are being pedantic, linux doesn’t support nvidia (more correctly the reverse), sway only tries to build upon the user space provided by the linux kernel. Yet again, wayland is the protocol. Wlroots based wayland compositors doesn’t support the nvidia created API, but gnome and as far as I know plasma on wayland both do so. So your statement is simply false that wayland can’t run on nvidia (proprietary. The open source version works everywhere). > A lot of the criticism of Wayland comes from uninformed jerks who want to trash the protocol over stuff that isn't a real problem, but there is also a bit of reflexive lashing out that comes from Wayland advocates. GP is just saying they can't switch to Wayland until the ecosystem around it matures. That's not an attack, you don't have to take it personally. Only the first group is the problem, and I think noone is bothered by the second. Chrome doesn’t even run on wayland, unless compiled specifically on a new enough branch so OP talks about the version running inside XWayland. It can possibly be a bug in the specific compositor’s xwayland implementation or even in chrome. Also, your special ability to try out every compositors must be really useful. Why would you abandon the security of wayland by an xwayland app? It only sees at most other xwayland apps. As for the pinephone part, I may not understand your point about “to Wayland’s credit”, do you think stability issues on the pinephone is due to wayland? Wayland’s security is not sufficient but necessary for a safe OS. (As others mentioned X-on-X can also be a sufficient solution for that) Putting holes into a solid block is a lot easier than patching something that looks like swiss cheese. (Sorry for butchering up the quote) Which distro? I have one as well and at least under mobian , while it is really far from stable, it works. But reboot cycles sound like a hardware bug rather than unstable hardware. Under the base protocol. What is great about wayland is that it has proper extensions, and it is entirely reasonable to create a new one to query the current layout for some application. Not necessarily source code, but some intermediate representation (even perhaps x86, and then going through a software compiler that converts it to this lower level language in hardware, inserting cache fetches where necessary. But probably a higher level representation, for example JVM byte code could be better optimised) Not me, but a compiler backend would perhaps have better “materials” for optimization this way. There is no reason for existing higher level code to not be transformable to this “microcode” Interesting, but if you really are enthusiastic about the pinephone than perhaps try to order another motherboard (I’m thinking about it because the older has only 2 GB of ram) There are JIT compiled languages as well, that could potentially utilize it Yeah, I hear you and I am sad that your unit probably has some issue.. perhaps writing an email asking for a replacement? Well, there is a solution: either buy another video card for graphics, or use iGPU. And leave the nvidia one for CUDA only. But in the same comment thread by the pentester, it turns out that what wayland does is a necessary step for security that X without embedded X sessions simply lacks. It is not sufficient but noone said so and it would be stupid to even assume that eg. a kernel bug can’t be used for escalation just because someone runs Wayland. Gnome developers are the ones advocating for “dbus everything”, wlroots prefers wayland protocol extensions. And since no one company is behind the linux ecosystem, everyone works on what they want to work on, so every change is fundamentally starts with chaos in linux. But it will stabilize on a good enough solution (eg. I don’t see much ill with the current 3-4 implementation of the protocol with one of them being a minimal “lib”, that can be used for small niche window managers to build on) And that is the responsibility of the display manager (and it is sort of what happens under gnome). Systemd had as default KillUserProcesses (it may not be the exact name but it was something like that, I didn’t check it) set to true, and that caused many to hate on the whole project because I don’t know tmux and other apps that override the “normal” behavior on signals lost their sessions. So now it usually defaults to false, though I tend to override it to true. The thing is, “with enough users someone will depend on both the public and private parts of your APIs” is true (and I am sure I butchered up this quote as well) What about having for example libreoffice running with unsaved changes? (And I know it does backups regularly but not after every character) Please show me anyone that would think that running wayland with an unsafe kernel would make it safe? This is basically what the blog post explains, though without some Haskell knowledge it is probably hard to understand. (Sorry if I explain something you already know) The basic idea is that types can be “recreated” in an untyped way with only functions. It is also important to note the distinction between sum types and product types. A sum type is basically a (disjunct) set of types, for example Shape is a sum type on Rectangles and Circles (in this case only these things are considered the available shapes and every shape is either one or another). A product type is more straight-forward, basically any struct/class with multiple fields is an example, for example Circle is a product type with a radius and an x and y coord of its centerpoint. For example here the two-ary methods represents the two types: return (lambda visitCircle, visitRectangle : visitCircle(x, y, r)) Is going to represent circles, by awaiting two functions that work as constructors, and dispatching to the first one. Rectangle is similarly defined, only dispatching to the second function. The part that corresponds to pattern matching/the second dispatch is basically where we would like to use our sum-types (either a circle or a rectangle). It provides both implementation in the form of a pair of functions, the first one corresponds to the circle’s area-definition the second to the rectangle’s. The “magic” happens at calling area(exampleSomething). The area function will return as seen a pair of functions, basically every possible implementation on the possible types. Now that pair of functions will go to either a Circle ‘constructor’ function or a Rectangle one, and as we defined those, it will use up respectively the first or the second function in the pair based on its “type”. Also note that the correct arity of parameters will be passed to the selected function. Just a heads-up, but sealed classes (basically sum types) and proper pattern matching is coming to Java. Some languages have sealed classes for this reason. But there is no reason for X11 to be in the picture, it does absolutely nothing other than adding another communication step between the client and the compositor. I doubt it has changed all that much, but an accessibility software need not be on the same privilege level than an ordinary one, so it is entirely possible to propose an accessibility extension to query basically everything and explicitly enable these methods for a specific program. Unfortunately accessibility softwares are not all that good on linux as far as I know. I can’t understand what is so hard to understand... under Xorg a program even with a traditional sandbox in which it can’t do anything, but display a window IS basically capable of keylogging everything, getting a root password etc. On wayland with the same sandbox you are safe from said attack — this exploit works by tampering with dynamic libs, but that is not available inside a sandbox and it is simply pedantic. It’s like saying a car failed a crash test when they throw it off a building and it arrived on its top.. Sorry for the nitpick, but this is one topic I have to link to this great answer, because referential transparency doesn’t mean what you mean by it: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/210835/what-is-referenti... There is no point in talking about the temperature of a single atom/molecule, but it is an important statistical property of a group of molecules with unique “features”. The sum is more capable than each of it’s constituents. You could argue that a hyper-intelligent entity can explain everything due to temperature by the simple movements of atoms but that is not true, since with temperature, we can reason about a system we know only one property about, while the said entity would have to know every detail about every atom. In other words, we created a new thing that could not have existed alone. (Perhaps it is not the best example, but there are countless others :) ) Value types are almost there in Java, but without deliberately trashing the GC you can get away without them, and it has all the other qualities (and will have ADTs as well, sealed classes are already in preview) Isn’t that the point of Corda? What’s your opinion on Corda? It has a different view on trust, than other cryptos (and it is not even crypto if we are being pedantic) Is there a difference between package management for dynamic/static languages? Because without this arbitrary distinction npm is pretty much around last place on a ranking between package managers. This is my usual nitpick, but pretty much every language does type erasure and there is nothing bad with it, blahblah. Haskell is arguably great with types, and it does type erasure as well. Any objective reason for thinking either feature is bad? Go is AOT compiled, thus many many optimizations are not possible there. Also, 3x slower than C is a baseless claim for both; at least for Java, for comparable, big code sizes, Java will easily win, because mallocs are expensive, and arenas, pools whatevers are poor man’s GCs, with worse performance, and JIT compilation can do some really aggressive optimizations, as well as heap compression, etc. I wrote an explicit example for a case where your analysis doesn’t seem to be correct, but you didn’t resolve the issue — temperature makes new observations possible that were not possible before and it is not tied to the human reasoning (also, it is only but one example, perhaps not even the best). As others have written, a block can handle at most (I think 100, but the exact number doesn’t matter) transactions, so to get an lower bound on consumption per transaction we could divide the block’s energy requirements by this number. Hmm, when I first learnt Scala, I haven’t had too advanced FP knowledge, so I am yet to have first-hand experience with this sort of exception-handling and I’m yet to decide how good it is. Compared to Haskell, it is probably better in some way because you have the proper stacktrace; but it “feels” impure a bit.. In a way Java’s exceptions are already an Either type with the result type and the thrown Exception (with “auto-decomposition”, unless checked exceptions) —- is the advantages like manual management of when mapping/flatmapping happens worth it in your opinion? Nonetheless thanks for the heads up, I might try out Scala again with the exception handling model you mentioned! I learnt Scala before diving deeper into FP, but I think properly learning/understanding Monads and some other FP concepts greatly help every sort of programming I do (even though it is mostly OOP nowadays). You come to notice it everywhere and even if you can’t abstract over them (there is no one `bind` or `join` function, so it may be called different with each Monad instance), but after understanding them you will gain a better reasoning power over them. The JVM ecosystem is similarly rich (and basically the only one comparable; there are many js packages but they are more opinionated towards web development), with plenty of languages to choose from (and with Graal’s python implementation you can even write python code that interoperates with other JVM code) As for concrete languages, I like Java, because it has just enough abstraction to make it useful and is not overly complex. Scala is a real gem in that it was one of the first OOP+FP hybrid, a marriage that seems really fruitful since then basically every OOP lang introduced more and more FP concepts and vice versa. There is also Clojure if you are into LISPs. If overly functional programming is not your thing, Kotlin is a modern language with some additional features to Java though I am not particularly fond of it. And there are even more niche languages running on top of it. But the real gem is the JVM itself, and it is really actively developed and many new, exciting features are in the works. It’s not as black and white. What about GC, compacting objects and the other myriad of optimizations the JVM does? I do want to mention that I am not overly knowledgeable on these topics, only really interested in compiler technology, but a program compiled with PGO will have to add code for each specialized function, won’t it? So perhaps not every sort of application would win by PGO AOT compilation; a structure over the running code, and manipulations over it are a great and powerful idea. But I do agree that Scala in the early years did have some ugly artifacts from compiling to the JVM and trying to remain a “good citizen“ there, not sure about current trends. Java has really great tooling to make it really safe if one wants to — the problem is usually the managements’ cheapness with programmers fresh out of school/bootcamp. There are areas with high security requirements where Java is used with great success. There are certain algorithms that either can’t or only insanely error prone way can be expressed “purely”. There is nothing wrong with locally mutable state. It is basically the same as a State monad that is evaluated/executed — which can arguably be worse It’s like arguing that the heating in a car is energetically free because when the motor is on, it will generate heat. Just because PoW have to happen regardless of transactions doesn’t make transactions decoupled from it - and thus they have a ‘price’. Project Loom’s virtual threads will be superior to the random function coloring with async in C#. With it, you can write sync code and it will automatically change to another “fiber” when it hits IO or other blocking operation. How does OMR relate to TruffleRuby? What advantage would it have over it? You can use the free version of Graal just fine, can’t you? I am not familiar with the Ruby word, but that should not be the case. How do you measure it? Please tell me an android phone that upon flashing will not null out the proprietary camera firmware and other things? I want a truly open OS but android just hides behind AOSP being open and it can only exist on certain phones with quite some negatives. If you show me such a device, I would instantly ditch my iphone, pretty much the only reason I have one is the great hardware and the lack of google supervision. I even bought a pinephone, but it needs a lot of work (and a new hardware iteration) before it can become truly usable. What use-case does mining solve? There is no point in it without transactions (ok, there is in terms of an immutable ledger that can store some information, like this event have to have happened before that), so how can you measure a bitcoin transaction’s energy cost otherwise? Just as another data point, trufflejs (that is GraalVM’s implementation of JavaScript on top of a JVM written in Java running on top a traditional JVM) has comparable peak performance to V8. Google is the single most dangerous entity when it comes to the open web. Basically the current web is more or less the walled garden of google and it has the power to decide the future of web technologies For larger news sites the RSS feed barely even write out the click-baity title yet alone the content’s summary unfortunately. (Is there an open source app that fetches and scrapes sites instead of the subscription model?) I don’t see browsing payed by cross-site tracking is considered “open”, nor think the browser monopoly with insane feature creep that basically make creating a new browser impossible help the open web. Nonetheless, it is a terrible law. I have been thinking about an alternative to bash/POSIX style shells, and I find powershell kind of genius in this regard. What could potentially work for the linux world is perhaps dbus objects between piped programs (they are easy to read/write even from lower level languages) and some way for programs to communicate whether they are capable of interpreting objects, or should fall back to string based communication. And at the boundaries there could be automatic translations (though object to string is easier) with something like toString. So for example `ls -la | filter f -> f.date > 2021-01-01 | grep something` would either shadow ls to a new shell-aware implementation or patch it /interpret automagically the table layout and then the resulting list of objects could be filtered and at the end reconverted to an object “toString” per each line which can be operated on by grep Yeah, I know about it running on linux and even tried to use it as a default shell for a time. Thanks for the links though, I didn’t dive this deep into it. Yeah I know. It is not really a first-class citizen though. Also, AOT support in itself is not hard. Making it performant is more difficult and Graal is truly remarkable/state of the art in many regards. You can even aot compile a class and have the cached “JIT compiled” code loaded on startup. https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/13/docs/specs/man/jao... There is no use viewing the whole graph at large. But “zooming” into and seeing the connections going to and from a node is really useful and not at all “magical”. As it is mentioned in the sibling post, sourcetrail can do it really well. Is there some truth to the “reverse” though —- that is, is the emerging patterns similar for similarish problems? What comes to mind is the similar first-layers in the human vision and google’s vision AI, with vertical/horizontal lines being “matched”. I have asked it in this thread already, but I am really interested in your answer to this as well: > Is there some truth to the “reverse” though —- that is, is the emerging patterns similar for similarish problems? What comes to mind is the similar first-layers in the human vision and google’s vision AI, with vertical/horizontal lines being “matched”. I don’t know much about NNs, but in the big picture isn’t it sort of similar? Instead of discrete on-off signals where multiple firings in a short succession result in higher activation, in NNs we sort of take the integral over time of said discrete signals. Of course things like neuron fatigue are not accounted for in this model, but does the base idea differ all that much? Or perhaps I misunderstood the whole topic and only the learning process’s difference is the question now? Humanity really lucked out on coffee, caffeine is pretty harmless all around. At max 3-4 cups a coffee a day is perfectly okay and not at all comparable to tobacco. Pretty much everything has carcinogenic compounds, that doesn’t mean all that much. Coffee has been consumed for multiple decades by a large percentage of the world’s population. Any significant negative effect would be trivial to identify. Exercising also releases hormones that greatly effect basically every human function/behavior. That in itself doesn’t mean it is bad/good. Your premises are sort of correct but your conclusion is not, because it is a hyperbole. A physicist may not have personally built up mathematics from the base axioms, but he/she can trust that he/she can apply the learnt formulas when appropriate without it, because there are others who done so, and there are overlaps between all these. Similarly, while there are some problem with reproducibility in sciences (often it is due to lack of knowledge of statistics), there are large agreements in the science community on basic facts. Understanding science is a mentally challenging thing, and we are by nature lazy. That doesn’t make the easier to understand alternative true. Is skepticism really fair without understanding even the basics of said science? It’s not like statements like “global warming” and “COVID is not a hoax” exist in a vacuum, they sit on top of multi-century efforts on understanding a world vs a long-forgotten 8-years of primary school on geology/biology (with a bit of a hyperbole). Would you trust the opinion of someone without any programming knowledge about architectural decisions? Just because the end premise is easy to understand in the case of eg. global warming, the decision behind it is similarly (or even more) convoluted. People are biased but proper use of the scientific method and statistics is not. Of course there will always be a n=5 study on some stupid shit against the “mainstream” facts with bad methodology, but that doesn’t make the multiple independent n= insert big number proper studies’ findings bad. And thus, while there are definitely areas that are not yet well mapped, it doesn’t make the already well-known untrue. Occam’s razor. Science does have some “dependency” on the philosophy of sciences, and while pedantic, simulation is a possibility, but so is “the world popped into existence this morning in a state that we have a collective memory of an imaginary past, and with dinosaur bones in the ground etc”. But this requires much much more presupposition than the scientifically accepted position with the Big Bang et al. And in my view, it is only of limited importance to look for what possible, but not probable explanations we can make up. Scala preceded it with both Scala Native and ScalaJS. I’m sorry but it an astonishingly stupid take. Apple and android DO have a duopoly, and it is bad for every phone owner. Also, allowing me to install whatever app I want with eg a hidden setting like enable developer mode will not hinder your walled garden at all. It won’t case the Apple Store to disappear, simply other alternatives will have a place. And yes your last point: there is no good choice. So that’s your solution, to let it be bad for everyone? Why is it hard to understand that a goddamn hidden “enable side loading apps” button for those who want it will not cause any sort of regression in your use of the phone. There is absolutely no reason behind it. Running arbitrary code in user space has absolutely no bearing on the actual hardware, if it can cause harm than it is a hardware bug (eg, a javascript engine vuln. than could brick the phone) Why is it a bad thing for you that other’s get to use their phones have they see it fit after paying for it quite a bit, while the whole thing won’t case any difference to you? If you buy a child seat whatever into your car you are right to assume that it will work on the Chevy as well.. That’s the thing, there is no such phone. And frankly, there will not be more mobile platforms because even the current two is already much for companies to develop for. Free market doesn’t work that way. Linux phones might rise, but only if they gain a good android compat layer. But as other’s said, a disabled by default way to sideload apps on the very hardware I paid for should be a given freedom of mine. They should not be able to sell a “way of life”, but only a hardware software platform layer on top of which I as a user should be able to decide for myself what I want. (Also, I find the App Store’s recommendation engine pretty terrible unfortunately, discovery is pretty much impossible) There is no choice for good hardware, non-walled garden and no tracking. Choose two. If there is, please show me and I will be the first in line. Android forks would be great but unfortunately phones come with plenty of firmware that gets wiped on flashing a new OS. And if the question is a possibly non-working camera than I personally will remain in the walled garden, but not happily. The App Store will not stop existing if sideloading is made possible MacOS is somewhat open, and pretty much that is the only reason any sane developer can use it. Is it worse for that? That’s a pretty strange thing to say when basically more computing is done on mobile phones now than on computers. Using it as a general computer should be a freedom without question. 2 is not diverse That would be a pretty stupid thing to do, like will apple create an app for my bank? Mobile phones are general purpose computers. You have a similar choice like not using apps on App Store 2 Or choose any other OS? Are you living in a fantasy world with more than two OSs? It’s not goddamn hair shampoo.. Few thing is not a tradeoff, but allowing sideloading is not one. (Or it is, to apple’s profits) Ios has a great API and sandbox for apps, and will kill apps in the background unless they explicitly ask for permission to do additional work. It has nothing to do with sideloading apps, this security is the bare minimum for even trusted code. Ios has a pretty good security API and it should be done at that layer. Also, “pay” with your wallet and don’t download facebook.fileExtension from their own site (and frankly, if facebook wants to be afloat they should put it on the main App Store, because most people will not bother) Apple is really great at UX, they will find a way to make it hard for the general audience, so that my mother won’t install random malware because for it she would have to go through 3 pages in settings she knows nothing about, and I can run whatever I want on my phone. That would be great, but it will not happen. There is an optimal number for phone platforms that can exist at the same time and for which companies will develop apps for. And that number seems to be 2. I really hope linux phones can provide an alternative but their only chance for even a most minimal success is perfect interop with existing Android applications. I replied by the logic that forfeiting guarantee is unreasonable since sideloaded apps can only break as much as existing apps can. There are good reasons to disallow any third party applications on some platforms like cars, but apple allows it and they only have a quick look at applications. The real security is in their sandbox/API. I have one already. But there is a network effect in play here, that pretty much disallows a new platform to emerge without compatibility. If I were to create the very best hardware with top notch OS on top, that is superior in every way to every android and ios phone out there, noone would buy it because phones are integral part of our lives with many areas of it requiring applications that are only available on these two platforms. Windows phone pretty much lost due to it — it was not worth the effort of companies to create a third port (even with the big funding Microsoft tried), and without a critical mass, it died off. Please see my reply on your sibling post. The progress it’s made is remarkable, but unfortunately it is not ready for daily use. I’m not sure what you want it for, if s hobby device to develop/check out the state of it, go for it. For more frequent use, maybe wait for the pinephone 2, as I think the hardware is a big bottleneck.. I think it has trouble scheduling processes due to the not too strong GPU and few RAM. The GPU unit is also not particularly strong, and I’m not as optimistic thar everything can be solved in software. But if you can allow supporting the project do buy one! (Though I believe they work basically without a profit margin) No tracking is a security/sandbox feature (or at least the part that can be enforced. Like apple can’t tell facebook to stop analyzing your messages, but it can deny location readings/cross-app tracking, et,) You honestly believe someone can just pop up, get some deal with a hardware manufacturer/create their own hardware, create their own OS, and stay afloat as long as people start developing for it? Aaand even after a minimum feature set is achieved it will still be nowhere usable as a mobile phone, because bank N will not make an app for it, you can use facebook on it in the web browser, etc. Goddamn Microsoft failed at it. And as I said there is a reason behind it, the more platform there is, the more every company on Earth has to pay for development of their apps. And that magic number seems to be stuck at 2. Unless there is a newcomer with crazy good compatibility, nothing will change. How do you imagine the real world works? Even in the very text written by Adam Smith he says that free market only works in a regulated environment. Because once a few gets big enough, they can control the whole market. Why do you think Microsoft failed even with the tremendous amount of money they poured into and even with having an arguibly great UX? > Literally nothing prevents any of the current players in the "non-free market" to develop their own phone. Heck, Microsoft even tried to do it. Literally, the already existing 2 platforms prevent a new one from emerging —- thus it is incorrect to say that the free market will solve the issue. Yeah, ORMs are specifically made for insert-heavy operations or very basic mapping of rows to objects. Analytical queries and the rest should be done with SQL. I’m sorry if it sounds harsh, but that is the mistake of the developers than. I think you would not allow anyone to write production code without knowing the language; it should be the same way with most libraries, especially ones having a big reach, like ORMs. Nonetheless, I have seen it countless of times in the team I worked in — so it is unfortunately really frequent. Totally agree with you, only want to add that unfortunately the team doesn’t really know the given ORM they use, and I have seen some utterly stupid uses of eg. Hibernate (like eager fetching basically everything there is for queries where it is not required, or simply not knowing anything about the boundaries where an object is “attached” or not). Which one might argue that it is a defect in the tool, but I doubt you would blame an airplane for crashing when the “pilot” is not trained to drive it. Yes, things like setString(1, “asd”) and conversely getInt(2) are so beautiful and will never introduce mistakes /s ORMs are there for mapping objects and well, relations. Most ORMs provide additional features, but at the core they can, and for more complicated queries they should be used with native SQL queries. They are made for OLTP not for OLAP Yes they do? They are basically available in every language, in some ecosystems there are multiple alternatives as well and there would not be that big of a market unless it is useful. What is the vast majority here? Because servers, desktop pcs, laptops, mobile phones and tablets I think constitutes quite a big share of CPUs. Will apple make app for every sort of app currently available in the App Store? That’s an unrealistic claim. Changing the rules because people are unhappy is a bad precedent?? We should only change it when they are happy or what? It’s not about unhappiness, it is about disallowing them for controlling something that is an emergent property of the system they created, but is bigger then themselves. It directly effects most people on Earth, so it should not be decided by a private corporation, but by democratically elected governments. It is no longer only Apple’s freedom to do however they want Anyone can launch a new phone, but even one of the richest company failed, even when they paid for app developers to create apps? Well, because Brave is pretty much a renamed chrome with preinstalled adblock I doubt there would be many GUI apps that eat less than 100 MB — if only that would be the maximum. I don’t see why a well-built standard library would be in the way. In the case of delete, well write your own linear search if you are into, though it gets old imo fast. But will you also write a sort algorithm by hand? Because I am fairly sure it won’t be competitive with a properly written one. Also, what about function composition? Will you write a complicated for loop with ifs and whatnot when a filter, foldl and friends would be much more readable? I’m sorry for the “gatekeeping”, but do you really want to work together with someone that doesn’t know the language’s standard library or won’t even look at the documentation? And instead it would be positive that he/she writes the very implementation of something? Delete on a not-too-long arrays is pretty cheap. Probably even better than iterating over a linked list, but of course it depends on the exact application. There won’t be one ultimate language. The difference between low-level and high-level languages is significant. High-level languages allow you to not have to worry about intricacies of memory layout mostly, and thus even changing the data structures you use will not result in a refactor. While using low level languages, even ones like rust, you can change the allocation strategy/memory layout of your data structure, but you will need to refact on it. So it is a tradeoff between ease of code base change, and tight control on memory/resource usage. There is definitely a certain writing style among Java developers that is overly abstract, but there are plenty of examples of properly written code bases as well. Also, Java’s “verbosity” is pretty much only a constant factor, and not even necessarily in terms of LOC, but width. What research also show is the benefits of static typing. Also, I am fairly sure there is some survivorship bias working in the background, where an ugly java version of a complex domain survived because the language’s great observability sort of kicking it into a working spaghetti code state, while other projects died a premature death. Your last point is just flat out false — even if sarcastic. Just to correct the misinformation, Java has been steadily improving since the Oracle years whether you like or hate oracle — the JVM is an absolute workhorse and new exciting features are underway. I think it is mostly based on OOP paradigm, like principle of least knowledge. But what would be a possible mother for it? Mammoths may be easier because (based on my very limited knowledge on the topic) elephants are not too distant from them, and with an incremental approach as other’s mentioned, it may be possible in the future. Thylacine is pretty special as far as I know, with it being marsupial (though perhaps it is easier that way because a significant part of the development is outside the mother?) May I ask you on your opinion on non-faithful simulations (as a layman with only superficial understanding of the topic)? Would not some heuristic or discrete signaling enough for approximating the actual working? Are non-direct effects as you have written in a previous comment significantly modify the responses? I don’t think a bit transition is in any way comparable to the “event transmission” to a potentially extremely large number of interconnected other neurons. An actor-based system would be a better model, and I’m not sure if we have something like that in hardware. I do agree that sometime in the future it will be possible to overcome the biological limit, as cells are most definitely not at an optimum (probably not even at a local one), like duplicated pathways and the like, but it is no way trivial. John von Neumann had a great paper on the topic, at least his thoughts about it. It is a really great read, even though both technological and biological advances may make it outdated, I think he did see a few things clearly into the future. Brains do have plenty of “backup systems”. Like emotions, stress etc do have an effect on the whole body, spinal reflexes are not affected as much and you will likely not fall over just because of extreme stress or whatever. There are similarly many many more “primitive” systems in place, like you will continue to take breaths even at “shutdown”. But facebook is a pile of... like I have a screenshot of FF’s task manager showing facebook using 800 MB of memory! In a way I see it as a win, I really really hate opening it on desktop. And here are the FUD-spreaders yet again, that instead of the tiny “bad” things like some form of harmless analytics (it is not even that) they would run towards the goddamn gate of Hell itself. Like, what do you imagine chrome does? Or do you think brave have eveything removed? It’s the exact same browser with different name and logo and preinstalled adblocker.. Sorry for the somewhat angry comment, but I honestly can’t understand this mentality. Could you show such a research? Because you have been saying it all around the thread, some proof would be handy. Well, I believe that some minimal pushing is necessary. Like you can’t be motivated in a topic you don’t even know exists, so if nothing else, giving a broad view of the “palette” is the task of a parent. And of course as you write, enabling said activites. Also, I do find it bad when parents push their child from an overly young age into some specific thing, but at the same time the reality is, that both physical and mental development improvements in such a young age have a really profound effect. So looking at a 5 years old play the violin is sad in one way, but at the same time at his/her teenage years he/she can choose (at least hopefully) to continue the efforts and with an inner motivation he/she can have a bright future, much more than only starting it at 10+ years old. Thank you for the really informative answer! It was a pleasure to read! Do you need SPA for everything there? Because if server side rendering/logic is “allowed” with only a few interactive bits here and there written in jquery, than it can be absolutely done as that was/is the case a “few” years back. That’s why animations are important contrary to what many say here in the comments (and I agree that putting them here and there just for the sake of it is bad). They give “life” to a virtual object. For example I really like tiling window managers, but they could use a really fast animation for window switches because the changing number at the top of the screen doesn’t say as much as movement to my primate brain. I like hl2 and all, but I doubt it would be even close in complexity to a web browser/OS kernel/good performing virtual runtime, like the JVM, compilers. There are insanely complex programs out there. I think OP meant it more in terms of layouting, like vbox can be inside a hbox which has also a text object, and every object can change sizes which will cause a recalculation in everything. It is surprisingly more expensive than the GPU accelerated rendering of many many triangles. Games are complex, but the dimensions question is trivial there. The problem with electron is not the implementation - after all it is a bundled web browser and those are really really performant and written in C++. They pretty much make displaying a HTML document with complex CSS and running JavaScript as fast as possible (or at least close to it) The problem is the abstraction level, instead of a locally running program manipulating objects that are turned into render instructions basically in a one-to-one fashion, there is a whole added indirection with generating and parsing HTML and then converting the dynamically created DOM into renderable elements. Qt is really quick and is used at plenty of places. Places where (critical) software is needed for internal use will be written mostly as native apps. For example monitoring and the like. And these places often use Qt. I suggest you to try out the Telegram Desktop app (I think mac has a non-qt version as well so be aware). I really like using it for it’s speed as well. My only gripe with qt is that one has to use C++ or python, other bindings are not I mean, ideally there should be absolutely no bearing of usage of ORM on the snappiness of UIs. It should absolutely never block the Ui thread. At most it could add longer “in progress” screens or something, but that is a different topic (also, good ORMs when used correctly, that is the developer actually knows what he/she does and not only blindly copies code, than I doubt they would cause serious overhead. But I agree that non-correct usage can cause problems) Qt is still a program for a single purpose, so it has barely any unnecessary abstraction. Any html renderer will have plenty, because they are browsers first and foremost. I don’t see the hate for animations when done correctly. I just tried it, and I really prefer the normal mode of operation. On Android I did disable animations because on an older version they are not done as smoothly as on the iPhone, but they can absolutely give many information on what actually happens. I just tried it on NixOS and the new version is already packaged and working. I think it goes both ways in that you either go full low level and write yourself everything (for questionable benefits), or you use a (possibly higher level) language with sane standard library, but the important thing is the quality of said library. Hi, level 1 and 2 looks really cool, but I may not understand the point of only having these languages “running” on a computer? Both 2 and 3 are interpreted and the interpreter is the area you want to minimize? What about a program written in 3 that can compile to either 1 or 2? Why would it hurt anything to have a different language somehow made possible to run here? The thing is, they are even worse for performance than string implementations that store the length.. that extra few bits of memory is much cheaper than checking the size of a string everywhere. For example, copying a string with known length. Also, c++’s strings even do some clever hacking where they store the text itself for shorter strings in the pointer, barring a pointer lookup. And this is possible only because abstraction. Haskell is not that clever (or at least it was not a year ago). The memoized version is much much faster. You’ve got an extra byte either way, the \0 at the end. Which in many cases will make you copy a string because you can’t just “point” into a string literal and say take n chars from there. Of course I am not that old so I don’t have enough expertise — but seeming that every other language even at the time decided against it is pretty telling. My question is regarding why would a single language codebase be easier to comprehend/have fewer bugs, security holes? In terms of a single program it makes sense, but I seldom read the source code of a library for example I depend on - if it has a good public API, it could be written in anything for all I care. Not trying to dismiss the idea at all, just I don’t yet see “the light”, so to say. I’m totally with you here, it is a really invaluable learning tool. But similarly to science with “standing on the shoulders of giants”, we would not be anywhere if everyone started everything from scratch. Like, it’s okayish to reimplement a vector or something, but even a sort gets harder (especially if you want to make one that is performant both on a few element list and longer ones). And algorithms are just one thing, will you also learn into the totally foreign world of eg. audio processing? Basically the only silver bullet for productivity increase is shared code. We just have to place higher emphasis on software correctness/quality instead of the functionality churn in certain parts of the software world. Fair enough; but actually it can be more memory efficient as well because of the better reusability of substrings (in case of null-terminated ones only the end can be reused) Thanks for the answer! I totally agree on the not enough people read source code part — unfortunately I believe it is not only a language “barrier” thing. I mean, even in a language I know by heart, I probably could not make sense of some complex part of the linux kernel, because I lack both the underlying technical knowledge on some hardware interface, or the context of the code. And especially this latter can not be overcome with only code with good comments. It needs good documentation, which should give a basic understanding, and on top of it we can build the code for the fine detail. Of course it is a noble goal to try to decrease the surface area of the required knowledge, so props to you! What’s your proposed solution to the problem with low and high level languages? Is the level 3 language a higher level one? Because I’n not sure there could exist a one language to rule them all, because of the inherent difference between the two domains. Thank you for the discussion and good luck with your project! It’s is easy, even almost trivial to drive long hours on almost nothing happens freeways. We don’t have any sort of statistics on the dangerous close encounters, and on whether these remain close encounters with teslas. Based on what? What could save lives is intelligent automatic breaking - because that is something we are currently capable of. Humans as a species is terrible at paying attention to boring tasks and quickly react - so these gimmick autopilot takes are dangerous if anything. I would prefer roads that are not the test lab of some dystopian experiment for some rich people. Rocket launchers kill much less people than guns, but I doubt it is a reasonable assumption that the former is less dangerous/deadly.. The US is like one of the most pro-company countries I can imagine. The amount of lobbying to only benefit Big Co is ridiculous from a European point of view - I don’t see it as a negative to even increase the liability of companies. They should very well be responsible for everything they do, and it should not cost/risk innocent lives to further a private companies profits without public benefit! As if the tesla would not be surrounded by the most ridiculous marketing attempts. How confident are we in the first number? Accidents usually do not happen just because on a straight road, they happen when something unexpected happens. How many unexpected cases were recorded in the first number vs the second? Because simply because of the number of teslas on the roads, I doubt many. They do it as well on top of some other non-safe features. Less is sometimes more. Breaking when a pedestrian steps before us in sub-human reaction time is great - it doesn’t have to be combined with full self driving, which is simply really far away from now. Accidents per miles is not too informative. For example do teslas fair better than an average human driver on eg. someone running a red in front of the car? On a suddenly overturned car on the freeway? Do we have enough data to answer these questions? I generally agree with you (especially on the update java guides), though I think it is important to teach C/C++ after some experience with a higher level language, if for nothing else, the large amount of already existing code bases. I also like the newfound interest in some FP languages, I for example had a mandatory Haskell course in first year — we did not take Monads in this course yet, but I think it is a great introduction for students for a different take from the more imperative world. I don’t think the reason for hiding pointers is because they are hard — it’s just that arbitrary pointer arithmetics are especially error prone and can be avoided in most codebases. It can contain a to_cstring() function and problem solved. If it uses a struct with length of string and pointer to a c-style string, even the conversion can be elided (at the price of some inflexibility/unnecessary copying while in use) Incidents per miles is fine with a big enough data set —- but I disagree that it is enough in case of a new technology that can potentially kill. Like let’s say teslas are absolutely safe on the highways, much more than human drivers, but would have a tendency to hit pedestrians much more so than humans. It is possible that it will have a better incident per mile record even though no sane person would legalize them in this case. > If there are specific conditions where it fares worse those would be pretty obvious to address Like, if (inSpecificSituation) { payMoreAttention(); } ? This is the actually hard part of the problem, not breaking when something is close and stay in the lane. They can’t even create adequate test environments for the many many special cases that can trivially happen in a city. Also, how does it see traffic two or three cars ahead? It sounds like a marketing gimmick but correct me if I’m wrong. To be honest, with today’s compilers you can’t be all that sure about the generated code. They do some insane tricks under the hood to make naively written code perform good. As per a “famous” blog post, C is a high level language. Or java’s static import Compile time security measures have absolutely no runtime overhead. Also, I don’t see what you mean by File::open — there is a kernel call somewhere there. But if you are writing a new OS you are free to implement the fopen call as you wish - C has no advantage here. I’m sorry but compare apples to oranges. A serious OS project is a tremendous multi-decade project, it has not much to do with the implementation language. Can you really install a custom rom, when it flushes proprietary firmware for eg the camera? There are only a handful of devices that doesn’t do that afaik. That’s more of an indicator that plasma’s wayland implementation is not yet ready/stable. It’s not like a decision based on he doesn’t like nvidia — they would pretty much have to rewrite the whole rendering pipeline for a completely separate model. It simply won’t happen unless the kernel guys can do something and bring nvidia prop drivers to behave well with the kernel abstraction wlroots (and thus sway) sits on top, or someone(s) reimplement the whole thing yet again (and then maintain basically two codebases with twice the bugs) Basically everything would stop working with X, because X simply relies on being able to listen to everything. Actually there are nested xservers that do something like this, but now global hotkeys don’t work, it doesn’t have an api for screenshots, so those won’t work either and the like. And you can probably add some X extension which can’t be queried properly, but then you can just as well create a new display protocol that actually knows about GPUs I can’t reply to your comment below this, but the Wayland guys are the X guys, and while they are definitely not infallible, don’t you think it is a bit egoistic to think that they didn’t thought of this one simple little thing that you did, without any knowledge on the inner workings of any display server? I’m sorry if it sounds harsh, but honestly. Nvidia cards with proprietary drivers are supported under gnome’s and plasma’s wayland implementations. What complexity? I have written both a simple wayland client and server — both are simple lib calls. Also, how often do you write gui apps without any framework? It is absolutely hidden away in both gtk and qt apps. Wayland uses libinput by default, which is really great. Though it can be used with X as well, but it may not be as stable Maybe you tried it really early on? I have had no negative experience with it, and it starts up really quickly. It was some time ago I looked into it, but wl_registry_listener registers a callback for when the compositor “declares” what protocol extensions it supports. This is painfully missing from X, but this makes Wayland much more modular/extensibly. Wayland’s abstraction is basically a buffer. The client simply creates a buffer either in shared memory, or directly on the GPU and then passes the compositor a handle to the buffer. That’s it. Also, it is sort of ingenious to compare the two — the XLib is a higher level lib than libwayland. There is absolutely no reason why someone could not create a wrapper for this — although I again ask, how often does one create an only X/only Wayland window without a framework. Here you are: https://youtu.be/cQoQE_HDG8g It’s a great presentation by one of the guys behind wayland, who worked on X a lot before. Basically, X has a fundamentally misaligned abstraction of the underlying hardware - which is expected based on its age. When used with a compositor, it is basically a middle-man with no function whatsoever. So Wayland decided to cut out the middle man and pass events directly between client and compositor. But please watch the video, I think it will answer all your questions. Also, it’s not like X will be totally deprecated, XWayland is an API implementation of it that will be supported forever. > Unified input/event capturing and forwarding This is simply insecure. “It is easier to cut holes into a solid block than to patch something that looks like swiss cheese”. What reason does a random app has to see each keypress, when it doesn’t have focus? Do you trust eg. the teams app or the million other app to be a good citizen? Screen capture is implemented with pipewire in a better way than before. Fonts: noone uses the old font API of X, even under X. And third party libs like cairo work on both wayland and x, so nothing is lost here. Drawing APIs: show me any app that uses it and was upgraded in the last two decades. Feel free to use a CPU only drawing API, I prefer not watching the line getting rendered. Also, as I already mentioned XWayland is important for exactly this reason - it is a completely backward compatible X implementation, on top of a better display protocol. What’s the actual problem, because I still don’t see it. There is no need to have incompatible implementations of each, and just look at the three main wayland implementations: they share many of the work. There is no one wayland. There are many implementations of the protocol, some ahead of the other. I don’t see why wouldn’t it be ready, when out of the 3 major ones, one is not yet there — especially when one of the two working ones (wlroots) is really extensible and anyone can create their own wm/compositor > ship with an extension to control this firewall. Adding this capability to X.org (or any X11 implementation) could be done without throwing X11 away Nothing is thrown away -> xserver is there for exactly this reason. Adding the extension for a system with bad abstraction is not too wise, but if you wanted to understand it, you would have done so already based on the video. > Having a unified way to decide which programs get to see which events would be lost in a transition to Wayland Why would it be lost? There is a core protocol that absolutely specifies it. > This wasn't the case before with X11, where screen capture was handled by the X server. And when you had only one player in the whole game.. which is pretty contradictory to your last sentence. > I wonder why the server still has them, then. Backward compatibility. Show me any desktop app that uses eg. xmotif or something. And with xwayland even these 30 years old apps can be run. I didn’t address these things because basically everything has a solution under wayland nowadays. Please have a look at the wayland-protocol repo and see for yourself the state of it. Also, wayland is a display manager, just because the X server was a monolith, it had no place to eg. manage clipboard. Actually, Wayland is the one that fulfills the UNIX philosophy of do one thing (although I don’t find the UNIX philosophy a good thing in every case) > It's not 100% compatible -- things still break. Distros are up-front about this Such is life, I really can’t say anything else to this. > So now if I want to go and build a window manager, I have to go and re-implement a whole crap-ton of extensions myself that the X server used to do for me? No, you just use wlroots that implemented the “crap-ton” of extensions for you already, and be on your way. I’m sorry, I may not have the time to answer every point you have made: > I was not convinced that there was anything inherently wrong with X11-the-protocol There is, the non-existant security model that can’t really be backfitted without breaking every program - in which case they can just as well fix all the bad parts. > Is there a particular point in the video you want me to pay extra attention to that clarifies this? I found the graphics of the client-compositor-Xserver vs client-compisitor under Wayland really informative. In modern usage, the Xserver actually acts more like a library and IPC bus, and is bad at the latter. Also, related to the API thing, there is no way to signal that a buffer is ready. You may not be interested in the “every frame is perfect”, but I like that I can watch a video in vlc without tearing. Also, a wayland compositor can be much more lightweight than the whole xserver, because it is not as chatty (there is no useless communication to the xserver that communicates to the compositor for no reason) It’s not without reason that wayland is/can be used in embedded systems. > and did not see anything related to controlling which programs get to see which events There is a one-to-one communication with the compositor and the client. Keyboard events, window resize and the like are sent to only a specific client. I may have worded it incorrectly that it is specified — I would rather say it has an inherent model for it, that can be changed with extension protocols when needed. But the default should not have been the everyone listens to everything and find what is interesting. (For example it is now possible that a global hotkey have to be registered and the compisitor will react to that based on the registration. But there can’t be a clash now and it will work reliably) Also, in my opinion this flexibility (with which clients should not worry about) lets you create novel ways to interact with windows, that was not possible with X. Also, you seem to think that there is all that much difference between compositor families —- it is not the case. The core and many extension libraries are while implemented multiple times, work in the same way. Thus a traditional client with some windows will just work. Some compositor have some custom extension for eg. having a specific status bar, which you may find bad since under X there could be cross-wm status bars etc. But realistically you could not have them eg. under gnome or kde without tinkering, so the status quo doesn’t really change. > Also, putting core functionality that everyone must implement the same way into extensions just so they can call Wayland "just a protocol" or "just a display manager" is disingenuous How would you create that API of X you mentionod? Wayland is a protocol, the core is mandatory. And it is in a repo, so that it can have versions — this is yet again an area where x is flawed. Even the core api can continue to evolve, and eg the compositor/client can both decide to support for example an older version — although in practise the core api is backward compatible. But a new feature for example can be used by a fresh client when available, with a proper way to fallback — due to the wl_registry. > Does the wlroots project define what extensions are standard and required for a piece of software to call itself a Wayland compositor That is the core protocol. You seem to have a misunderstanding around it. Otherwise, how would a wayland app work on every wayland compisitor? Wlroots can have some custom extensions and it does have , but you seem to misunderstand the point of those/scope of them. They are simple things like “a specific window that can work as a widget, eg don’t loose focus etc”. Everything buffer related is core, and for example full screen WAS not part of the core initially, but an implementation that all compositors agreed on was merged and everyone implemented it many years ago. > If you can't help me understand why Wayland could not have been implemented as an X extension I’m trying to but you seem to have some grudge against the project. I am no X developer so unfortunately I don’t have more knowledge on the topic than what I have already shared, but for example X developers tried to retrofit HiDPI to X, and things like mixed HiDPI over multiple monitors (hell, the whole multi-screen setup) simply can’t be done realistically — from what I gathered due to X API’s lack of semantic informations like scale. Wayland corrected the many many failings of the API in a future proof way that can avoid. Also, why do you think that basically every OS already changed to a compositor-based display server 2 decades ago? It is simply the better abstraction and this is a simple answer, but it is the fundamental one. “Huffman's original algorithm is optimal for a symbol-by-symbol coding with a known input probability distribution, i.e., separately encoding unrelated symbols in such a data stream” -wikipedia So being pedantic, it is optimal in this specific meaning, but I don’t know about this stagnation. The funny thing is, that NixOS did actually solve the goddamn dependency hell problem in the best possible way and yet there are n different ways that try to do something, but fail. Linux should at least converge on this one actuall good solution. That’s more of an issue with the package manager that most likely deleted the actual executable underneath. Firefox’s in-built auto-update doesn’t do so. Or you know, there is a bias towards the negative for some backward-ass reason and there is this much engagement over some random clickbait UI feature, and almost none about actual technical advances in the renderer and the like that happen regularly, which is kind of saddening on HN. It would be nice if the community would have more acceptance towards the last remaining browser fighting the good fight, with the many welcome, recent (!) advancements regarding privacy. Or you know, a browser is not a trivial app, especially with the feature churn of the modern web, that has to be kept up-to-date. Try interacting with the actual developer-oriented forums about new features, not the click-baity, feeling-based HN thread. That project is a chrome with pre-installed extensions and they do some shady things with even that small amount of custom code. It is barely comparable to a non-chrome based browser that actually values user’s freedom. Have you tried for example the linked article with all the JEPs listed with lengthy descriptions? And with links to relevant mailing lists if it didn’t satisfy your curiosity? Graal is a separate project and jaotc did use that. I believe the reason for the “separation” is that the two projects have different priorities and didn’t develop at the same pace. I believe graal is still only at version 11. But since Java, the language is highly backward compatible, one can trivially use Graal as is (without the preview features though) Java is really conservative language-wise while C# is pretty much add everything you see, reminiscent of C++. Also, a significant part of Java development happens at the runtime level, where I would wager the catch-up is in the opposite direction, in some areas by quite large margins. But that’s the great thing about java, it is still a pretty lean language even with its age. Because while in the end project valhalla will not call them value classes, it is a sort of an overloaded term. Structs/value types can be mutable, records are not. They are basically tuples with names. And as far as I know, while records have a sane default equals defined, they are still identity objects in that they are passed by reference. But I fear kotlin will fall in-between all the platforms they try to support, and will end up comparatively bad on all. Like, you can’t really target both your coroutines on each platform as well as project loom properly, same with project Valhalla and the like. I stand corrected, shallowly immutable or as you note fields not being reassignable it is. The default GC has ridiculously good throughput with modest latency (10ms for quite large heap sizes), but there are also alternatives like ZGC and Shenandoah that optimize for latency instead, and they promise Also, for very different use cases like soft real time, there are specific JVMs with real time guarantees. Here is a great post about it: https://jet-start.sh/blog/2020/06/09/jdk-gc-benchmarks-part1 Java apps are pure Java for the most part, they basically contain no native code, unless for some very specific OS API call (in which case portability is a non-goal) — and the JVM will run any class file thrown at it. Android is special because it has many many special APIs, so I don’t see your point. Just look at the (unfortunately not too numerous) desktop java apps. The exact same jar from n years ago will just run on all three main OSs. What is more impressive is the graaljs implementation, that when warmed up, has comparable performance to god damn v8. All that with a complete polyglot runtime, so you can call python code from js and vice versa and the best part: it will inline and JIT compile over language boundaries. Also, truffleruby (graalvm’s ruby implementation) is/was two times faster than regular ruby - that’s how much engineering went into the JVM. And of course well-performing (but worse than JIT) AOT compilation is also a possibility with it, though I feel it is not needed as often as people think. I’m not super knowledgeable on LLVM, but as far as I know while it did have at some point a VM runner, it is rather meant to abstract hardware for native compilation. The Java bytecode is much less specific. Also, LLVM IR is not really backward compatible, while Java bytecode is. (By the way Graal has sulong which actually runs LLVM IR on top of the JVM) What issues do you have with content? WebAssembly is lower level with raw memory management, meant primary for running low-level languages in the browser. Graal instead is a bit more complex to describe, since it incorporates many things. Perhaps the most important part of it is an abstract syntax tree-based interpreter, which can be used to implement a dynamic language with ease, and Graal can basically convert such an interpreter to a language runtime that uses the many many advancements behind the JVM like advanced JIT, GCs and the like. Such an implementation for small languages can easily surpass the “host” runtime in performance, for example R, Ruby. What makes graal even more interesting is that this intermediate AST is language agnostic, it basically maps the guest language to JVM built-ins — this allows completely polyglot code bases (with JIT compilation between boundaries) and even has an llvm ir-based interpreter because dynamic languages often have C-based standard libs (and since it can inline between deps now, it may be faster than native FFI). But the whitepaper titled One VM to rule them all could give a much better overview than I could. Since it is primarily a JIT compiler, it can be used as AOT as well. (Also, there is graal wasm I believe as well) Communism as an ideology is absolutely not at the same level as nazism, that’s ridiculous. Should capitalism include in the introduction the outsourcing of work to third-world countries where people work for pennies in brutal conditions, the acceleration of climate change, the wars directly caused by oil, and the like? Communism is social and economical ideology, whereas nazism is straight up about killing people. Do not forget the evils of the Soviet Union, but it is not equivalent to communism. And the former does include in the introduction the mass famines, so I don’t see what’s the problem here. And I say that as an Eastern European. With Panama, you get a really low level API and first have to load in the shared library - where you can easily handle this case. Though I’m not sure I would want this behavior, or at most for really optional deps; ideally software should be “installed” in an ideal environment. Static in itself doesn’t have a strict definition. You are right that for example java is statically (and strongly) typed, but it has many dynamic elements like class (re)loading, reflection. That’s just false. There have been some minor changes over the last 25 years, but the jvm will run a jar file compiled with a really old javac just fine, and I think you would be hard-pressed to find any platform with even a remotely similar level of stability and backward compatibility. The don’t upgrade thing on the server is a generally wanted stable environment, or do you upgrade libc in prod without testing it first? Also, it happens mostly in banks and other not-too technically up-to-date places that often times depend on bugs themselves. Trailing the latest OpenJDK is the best thing one can do. Also, android is not/barely Java. Because the large majority of programs run for less than a second? Also, who is that most people? Go is a tiny language compared to Java and C#. What do you mean by compile time branch predictions? Why is there war in the first place? Also, it is a created trolley car problem not the trolley car problem. And creating such a situation instead of coming across it is definitely morally evil. I don’t have hard facts, but I believe I’ve read that basically the generosity of the American people is largely the same amount as the surplus taxes of Europeans. And in better functioning European countries that money will benefit people much more than animals — so in a way it helps explain the difference in the quality of social nets. I still don’t understand what you mean, please correct me where I’m wrong. Branch prediction is a CPU level thing, and mis-predictions has a cost. You can do things like partitioning data beforehand so that a given if condition will take the same branch each time in the partition, but I don’t see how does it apply to templates at all. You can’t avoid branches that depend on runtime infos, and those branches that depend on compile time known infos can be elided either automatically by the compiler if it can prove it is constant for example, or by things like constexpr, templates as you say. But it’s nothing too fancy, the dumb C-preprocessor macro can do similar things. JIT-compiled languages can sometimes elide branches based on runtime data, so there is that. You are right that Java can easily surpass go for example in performance, especially in garbage-heavy programs —- but I didn’t read this thread as if it would be the point of it. My only remark was that Java while statically typed can be quite dynamic (and what is actually more meaningful, the JVM itself can often times swallow the performance impact of even really dynamic code constructs) First of all, gradle is mostly groovy, not java. Second, I didn’t say it is in every single case backward compatible, since that is impossible in a continuously evolving platform. But there are really few “user”-facing changes in the JVM. And so I still state that calling the JVM non-stable (for which you provided no evidence), or non-backward compatible is simply false. Please tell me a platform which is stable/backward compatible according to you to at least this degree. (Also, we are at java 16!, java 5, 6 is so old that it is not particularly telling about anything) I may be wrong, but I think anbox is not an emulator per se, it is more similar to how wine works. So it should not have too extreme overhead. Unfortunately, in practice everything is quite slow on the pinephone. (But I don’t want to sound so negative, it is a wonderful project and the advances in the last year is fantastic. Unfortunately the amount of RAM, and sort of old hardware doesn’t help) Basically, nix (and guix, which is based on it) is the only package manager that actually solves the dependency hell problem properly. It makes builds reproducible, and basically a package will depend on it’s inputs’ hashes. So you can not only install multiple versions of the same package that is solved by some package managers although in hacky ways, you can install multiple ones that only differ in eg which libc version they link to. In this way, I do think that it is truly revolutionary - but it is a package manager (and NixOS makes basically the OS a big package). Flatpak and snap try to do this as well, in an objectively worse way, but they also provide different features, so they are not in competition. I would rather like to see flatpak and snap employ nix for solving the package management problem and build on top of it. That would actually make the linux solution better than what we have on other OSs. The non-crisp rendering is only true if you use xwayland applications. Wayland apps support fractional scaling. Thank you for the detailed and informative answer. Sorry for my cocky style, I am by no means knowledgeable on flatpak and I passed judgement prematurely. Nonetheless, I have some questions, comments: > Nix doesn’t guarantee binary reproducibility Yeah, it’s true, but no general build tool can, since language build tools themselves are usually non-deterministic. > For example, Flatpak guarantees atomic updates with restarting merely the updated application. NixOS only guarantees atomic updates with a reboot That latter is only true of NixOS; for an ordinary package you can just start up actually both the old and updated version at the same time without any trouble. And in the OS config case, it is more of a linux deficiency - it does restart services when possible, but that is orthogonal to this discussion as I believe flatpak doesn’t do anything similar. > Evaluating Nix expressions is quite inefficient You are right, but the results can be cached. With the experimental flakes it is quite fast. > Worse is the cascading rebuilds that come with the Nix approach Well, it is sort of a tradeoff of reproducibility. Also, there is work in progress to minimize rebuilds to only truly necessary changes. > Also, Nix’s languages lacks domain abstractions for building packages The language lacks them. The repo has a great deal of abstractions for many use cases, and so a trivial to build package will look almost the same as a JSON. And as you note, it is a tradeoff, but there are plenty of hard to package apps that benefit greatly from the more expressive language. Also, there is plenty of auto-updaters that can automatically create PRs for eg new python packages, since it is more often then not just a version and hash change away, so package description manipulation is possible this way as well. > OSTree uses a content-addressable store for all files, giving Flatpak deduplication for free Correct me if I’m wrong, but it is necessary because flatpak uses the docker-like model, in that the same shared dependency is “theoretically” copied in each package, even if it is the same version. So in a way they solve a self-created problem. nix on the other hand simply links the same shared library, no duplicated data. You can optionally deduplicate when you install multiple versions of eg. libc. Nix can’t really prove whether the two “versions” are the same, and sometimes they may be identical, or identical in part (eg the man pages are the same, but the exe is not), in which case imo really elegantly, it can hard-link one to the other. But the base state with only one version of a nix channel installed, you simply have no need for deduplication as opposed to the flatpak model, because you only get every package once. One last point, a nix package may have less overhead, although it is I believe negligible in most cases since vms are quite light nowadays. So I agree with you on the tradeoffs part, and I again apologize for dismissing the project - I really dislike the same uninformed attitude towards for example systemd or wayland. But I still believe that nix is the one doing something revolutionary. (Also, maybe not-possible but nix could perhaps be used as a tool to create flatpak images similarly to how it can create smaller docker images: https://yann.hodique.info/blog/using-nix-to-build-docker-ima... ) I doubt people can compartmentalize things that are in vehement disagreement with their core values. Would Stallman work on implementing a DRM? And not in this case, but what about someone denying the other’s existence? Actively supporting groups that work on restricting someone’s basic rights? (Mozilla with Eich) Irrelevant to the topic, but he only went deaf at the end of his life. I believe it is a reasonable assumption that someone would have a hard time composing music if he/she were born deaf. I don’t see what are you disagreeing with. I only mentioned the Mozilla case, but I was talking about the topic in general. Vehemently disagreeing with something is not working with vegans/non-vegans. Denying the other’s existence in case of trans people is unfortunately quite common. Do you think a Jewish person can work together with a nazi? I think the more expressive language is that quality. Which I believe is the base of the problem. If you have a really professional team then it will make programming even complex programs a breeze. But this same thing is a catastrophe in the hand of average devs. Go’s design was pretty much this (though I prefer a more expressive lang than that). Java while not necessarily an elegant language, I think strikes a great balance between sufficient expressiveness and not-too-many ways to express things. Just look at the recent Java 16 hn thread. Java is not going anywhere in the next 2 decades. I don’t see any hard to reason about feature in static inports. If I must choose something, I would say that reflection allows for some spooky things from a distance, but it is not abused as often in my experience. What does the browser has to do with how amazon implements their search? Amazon probably parses the User Agent and puts mozilla there for some reason. While I also recommend checking out niche languages, the language is only one part. The platform, ecosystem is often much more important, and even in a really great PL, you won’t get an order of magnitude productivity boost over a modern high level language. But of course, having fun is really important. If it doesn’t know whether it is used or not, how can it fail a compile? I’m not familiar with go, but why on Earth can an import have side-effects? That’s ridiculous.. I was never a fan of Go, but this just takes the cake.. To be honest, I think of header files really lowly. I do see now why would one use that, thank you! Though I still think that adding an explicit keyword to run init functions would be preferable, like `import init package`. A single skipped frame usually means that we are talking about soft real time. And there it is absolutely acceptable, not in the average case, but eg. on a heavily used computer a slight drop in audio is “appropriate”, it’s not an anti-missile device. It won’t make the normal case jittery, nauseus or anything like that. Also, in regards to your GC devs comment, I would say that attitudes like this is the problem.. The great majority of programs can do with much more than 10 ms pause times. ZGC used to target 10ms as worst-case latency, and they target 3-4ms now I believe. Here is a quite elaborate one, though it is not totally up-to-date: https://jet-start.sh/blog/2020/06/09/jdk-gc-benchmarks-part1 Thanks for the correction, I remembered the 3-4 ms from the inside java podcast on the ZGC. Noone mentioned how frequent frame-skips are we talking about. Is a single frameskip in an hour a problem? Google pays mozilla in order to avoid a monopoly lawsuit. Just because it is good for mozilla, it doesn’t put any sort of incentive for them to follow. How about reading what it is? Probably not worth reading, but then at least look at the comments that describe what it does. Basically, it is a dummy implementation of often used tracking libs, so that if a website wants to use one, firefox will instead call their own instead. Making websites both faster and more privacy-friendly. As he mentioned in his comment, there are plenty of reddit thread archivers, especially on popular subreddits. But I also have no stakes here. An alternative to blockchains, Corda does something similar instead of the wasteful proof of works. > Several hundred thousand people are dead because mother nature saw fit to allow a virus no living person had immunity from to jump into the human population. Of which many would have been preventable. Do you think the mass protests, calling it a hoax (yeah I know the usual rhetoric, he didn’t explicitly say it to COVID, but come on, he did try to half-ass two things with that), the useless too little too late closing of borders, some states going on as if nothing happened, sunbathing on the beach and I could go on. All that with a pandemic that is known to have an exponential growth rate - that is even doing very little in the beginning will save many many people. Death toll is a number, and the smaller the better I would say.. Unfortunately it is not a zero sum game - and exponential growth is no joke. We have to make some sacrifices, and I would say many of the young understands it and is not joyfully, but willfully do their part and stay home. You may not have many empathy towards the older population who is endangered directly, but perhaps the many who will not have place in hospitals due to the flood of COVID patients, causing many many indirect deaths. It is the default because it is deemed the most feature-complete and stable. Unfortunately not being too stable is all-around true of linux desktop (though I really like the recent trend with wayland - many previously hacky parts just work now!) I doubt any country has enough hospital beds/personal to “battle” a pandemic. I’m not sure what you mean by triaging COVID patients, I doubt any hospital accepts mild cases - and basically everything has to have a covid and non-covid part. Yeah I also want to use a system for servers where critical functionality depends on goddamn bash scripts that will regularly break. I also enjoy hunting down bugs in each distro that does things just a tiny bit differently... Central design is somewhat restrictive but a bazaar style of development for everything will only result in chaos. The kernel itself has become pretty much cathedral at this point, and not having a central init system (which is quite good, I don’t see the blind hate towards it which is usually never justified on technical merit) would have set back whole of linux by many years. As much as I dislike that Red Hat has a specific role in the linux desktop case, they do sponsor important work. And what would you put there? I do like some sway/i3-like bar with many stats, but I don’t miss that on gnome, it is sort of a feel-good thing there for me. I believe it depends on libinput which is a heroic one-man project. It can’t possibly be good on every device ever created, but it is pretty good I would say. Four-finger swipe up down works on gnome 3 already and it is a smooth motion, not a binary recognized thingy fortunately. Initializing a system is a very complex problem. And that systemd gobbles up unrelated things is simply FUD. Systemd is both an init system and a group of many related projects. So it’s a bit like saying plasma is all-encompassing because they have a desktop env and also a pdf viewer file manager etc. They are just under the same name, not mandatory, similarly to many systemd programs. > competitive free market economy It was not even believed by Adam Smith. He writes that it only works that way in a controlled environment. That’s why European countries usually rank higher in market freedom than the US, because we don’t have companies getting so cancerously big that they have very real effects on law making (how lobbying is legal is still beyond me) Communism (as an end-goal) requires no governments. You are thinking of socialism. Toilet paper is interesting because it takes up lots of space, can’t be “compressed”, so most stores doesn’t store too much of them. That’s why they are the first thing to disappear. It’s a Christian thing. Prejuduces often have some foundations, but that doesn’t mean that we should accept them before acknowledging them on a case-by-case basis. We should not let so many people “get lost” without a sane social net. It is enough for one person to notice something strange about a program and it is really easy to fork/revert back to a version with only the needed functionality if source is available. Of course the given bad faith actor responsible for the mischief will be “punished” and will be banned from contribution. With the apparent lack of both viruses and telemetry and the like in libre software even with the laughable default security of linux distros (your home containing basically everything free to read/modify for any user app), I would say that FOSS has quite a good track record in this metric. Nonetheless, a stronger security should be developed/strived for because it still boils down to a trust based system, but it makes me happy that the default of most people is to not cause harm. It’s like arguing that buying quality ingredients for a meal, and fking up the cooking is somehow the mistake of that expensive Italian pasta. Also, you seriously argue that availability of a great kernel is somehow a bad thing?? > We're discussing Stallman's comment that the interaction between Minksy and the girl No, it is irrelevant (that alone should not lead to letting him go). The many cases of actual in-person harassments are the important parts, like actually grabbing a colleague’s ass and there is plenty of others - just because “that side” is wrong on the former point, doesn’t make them wrong on the other. > RMS especially because he does not submit to what feels convenient at the time I’m sure to a sick mind sexually harassing others feels convenient at the time, so apparently he is not that good at restraining himself... Did that richness really trickle down? Just look at the distribution of that money. Is this the GPU the one found in the Pinephone? I just remembered this rant: https://old.reddit.com/r/rant/comments/5shm1r/why_i_hate_the... Thanks for the interesting comment! Just a personal anecdote, my native language is Hungarian, and I have been studying English from pretty early on in primary school. And I was really terrible at it, I assume in part because of the “rules” that has more exceptions than applicable cases. And the language “clicked” much later on, when I accumulated enough of the language that I could “hear” whether a given sentence sounds right or not. This is in stark contrast to my (failed) attempt at learning German, where even though I know like 3 words all together, I could form quite complex sentences because the language is so regular. I didn’t like learning all the rules, but it “clicks” much faster if they are consistent. So my experience (as a layperson) is that a language has to be “compiled” and one must hear what is correct to be able to speak it to any reasonable extant - and in the learning phase, sentence forming is more like being “interpreted”. And perhaps a more “dynamic” language is more troublesome to compile. They would be equally understandable in any language given a one-by-one translation of each word, since the same information is conveyed either way. I think humans are the fault tolerant in language understanding, not a language. (Or in a different meaning of fault tolerance, like used in information theory, I would even wager that a more regular language will have more of it, because of some “parity checks”. For example, a disappearing subject will still make a sentence understandable because a suffix makes if contextually guessable, eg a gender) I’m sorry but that just means you have not have learnt how to use debug tools. When we talk about an OS that on desktop has minuscule user share, it is not too clever to further fragment that. I believe there are only a handful of people who knows enough to create a proper init system (similarly, sound and graphics) and do it for the community. The alternative is that more complicated features will simply not be implemented on linux. Also, just look at the before-systemd landscape, there was much more difference in the repositories, and nowadays even more niche distros can trivially package almost everything since .service files are unified. Also, they are quite flexible, so I don’t feel that anything would be lost. I really don’t get this mentality. Where are you limited exactly? You can trivially view and edit every single service file to achieve basically anything. But a modern system does require some building blocks. I mean, the linux kernel is similarly limiting you to eg. have a file-oriented abstraction, and you can’t just swap it out to a different kernel. Systemd is much more modular than that for example. > I don't see why the init system on my server has to be the same as the one on my ultrabook, because only a fraction of what they should do is shared Well, not even the kernel should be shared —- but most of us is okay with having the same kernel, but at most configured differently. I see it the same way in the case of systemd, of course your ultra book doesn’t need I don’t know how many services, but the basics are very much the same. And to be honest, I’m happy to use the same knowledge/tools on a server machine and a laptop. > Having one tool that covers all the use cases just sounds like a very good way to increase the attack surface. That’s just security by obscurity... > to save a tiny bit of startup performance That is absolutely not the reason for systemd to exist, it is an additional benefit. How was early-boot logging, error handling, dependency handling between services implemented before? At best only in some ad-hoc way, different on each distro. The domain has an inherent complexity to it, init systems are not easy, there is no saving that. But I think systemd exposing the configurable parts in a declarative way is a net win over the previous solutions. What? You have to specify a dependency in the .service file, what does it matter how much time does any of them take? That’s the whole purpose of dependency management. Either that is missing or you have some other config error, like the service believing it is ready, because it is not told about its state correctly? But there is a setting to fall back to serial mode I believe, but it will also not work correctly if your service files are configured incorrectly. It sounds like either your distro f*cked up here, or you didn’t read the update notes, not sure what does it have to do with systemd.. I’m not sure why are you downvoted — yeah the “rewrite everything in rust” hype is bad/annoying (and no, I don’t have any problem with rust), but systemd simply should not have been started in C. It replaced goddamn shell scripts so performance can’t really be a good argument pro, but a not too scripty managed language would have more than enough performance. Yeah I believe Rust is also much less forgiving to mistakes than C is, which makes it a bit less beginner friendly, but do we really want to allow badly written things to run? Also, are you sure it is a race condition? Some other errors can also appear as races. What service are you trying to create? Most don’t provide such a choice, because it’s a huge undertaking to basically package and maintain 2+ versions of everything, especially when one is unified among distros and often created upstream. And of course after a certain size it has to do with network effects, but it was chosen based on merits — for example debian voted multiple times on the issue and I would say their voting system puts most countries’ to shame. I believe up until recently the vote on debian was basically use systemd but if the maintainer wants to, they can also support alternative init systems, but there was not much interest. But of course anyone can help the fringe distros on another init systems to make them less fringe. I believe it is only correlation, not causation. I think it has more to do with the linux kernel being much more advanced than the others, and some of the userspace depending more and more on these advanced features. But I’m not sure about this. Aren’t you referring instead to debian itself providing packages for all of them and the package manager running on each distro? Because I can’t really believe you could just swap out the kernel and be on your way in most cases. If it is the latter, than it was more due to the fact that debian maintainers voted against supporting other systems, because it is a great amount of additional work. I don’t believe people complain about systemd binaries’ sizes at all. They complain about bloat (in my opinion wrongly) in terms of systemd incorporating more and more features that often seems orthogonal to an init system. But often these are not part of systemd itself, but created only under the same project. Well, C++ had been around, but there were plenty of managed languages also. I will be hated for this, but perhaps even Java would have been appropriate if one sets the heap size appropriately, I believe the GCs were already quite good then; and it wouldn’t have to create too much garbage so I think it could get away with only a bit of memory. The only problem is the not too comfortable way to do C calls. I personally use ProtonVPN. Supporting the transparency of politics has nothing to do with user privacy. Mozilla has an excellent track record on the latter and they put up a great fight in a seemingly lost battle. I mean, if they really only work when not running at the same time, they do something really really shady, so I would not really use them on production systems even in serial unless I figure out what exactly is wrong with them. It may very well be the case that they are buggy even in serial, it just not as obvious/doesn’t happen that often that way. Nonetheless, parallelism is an additional feature (in my opinion, greatly appreciated), but it can be turned off. Additional functionality is rarely bad over not having it. According to a core developer, it was a side effect of doing things the right way: http://0pointer.de/blog/projects/the-biggest-myths.html I don’t think templates are wanted, but with the coming of unification of primitive and reference types, Java could get a huge speedup in performance. But at the same time, reified types will create a separate object for each template type, making some optimizations happen only for a type that was used often. While in Java, ArrayList for example will benefit regardless of the concrete type. Java itself is most definitely not overly complicated. Many frameworks, and created programs are due to enterpriseTM software development, but it’s orthogonal. And spring is a really feature-packed framework which has a solution for almost every business problem that one can face. Of course it comes with a great deal of complexity, but it is a tradeoff. I rather tinker with how to use a given feature than implement it myself, often in an inferior way. Which doesn’t have value types because it should be implemented in the JVM? The technical details are way out of my league, but I remember reading that stack copying can be made really cheap somehow? Perhaps due to the JVM having more abstraction below a virtual thread than Go? When exactly would you benefit from overloading based on a generic type? How come it is never brought up with Haskell for example, or the other majority of languages that employ type erasure? With checker framework, you can basically have it (and much much more, I believe no other language comes close to that level of static analysis). It is annotation-based and not a fancy keyword, but it is there. Java employs the “last mover advantage” strategy. They wait a bit for other mainstream-ish languages to be a testbed for a new feature, and if it proves worthwhile, they try to incorporate it into the language. But a new feature is a huge responsibility, since it will have to be maintained “forever”. C# on the other hand is quite brave and quick to implement everything under the Sun, sort of similarly to c++ - which sooner or later will create a really bloated language (imo, both are already quite complicated). And in backward compatibility, Java definitely wins the cake. They broke some dependencies that depended on JVM internals, that was never promised to not change (how could they implement anything otherwise?). They implemented a strong encapsulation by default so that in the future, such a step won’t be necessary ever. They can only wrap a single primitive type - it’s a nice feature but nothing extraordinary. When Java implements primitive types, Scala will probably use this same construct. But the change have to come from the runtime level. Higher kinded types do make some features obsolete, but checker has MapKey checker, Lock and Index checker, and while locks may not be needed that often with everything is immutable by default mode, concurrency is hard and that alone is not always enough. While index errors are not as frequent in Haskell, due to (Head:Tail), but if you do use Array, you can’t express indexing safely without dependent types. I’m not saying that it is better in every aspect than haskell (not too familiar with ocaml), but java is an easy and extremely popular language. And thus it has really really great tooling, and with annotations it is really extensible. And if static analysis is not enough, there is also JML. Also, checker taps more into intersection types, which is not really expressible in Haskell, but I’m yet again not knowledgeable enough on this latter, correct me if I’m wrong. I’m not sure how true it is, but haven’t been some quite great breaking changes with .NET core, .NET, I don’t even now where they are now. I believe the current generics was a first step, because making it a language feature was really important at the time. The second, harder step is this one: https://old.reddit.com/r/java/comments/m2dfb5/parametric_jvm... I believe the Java lang team simply dislikes the Java Beans convention, and if they see a better future, they rather not maintain properties forever. I think the current future view is Withers ( https://github.com/openjdk/amber-docs/blob/master/eg-drafts/... ). There is List.of() and Map.of() now. And I would say, Java has one of the better standard libs out there in my opinion.