There are likely some blacklists for known fingerprinting libraries. But, there's nothing that can tell you for sure, because it is also possible to fingerprint entirely server-side using the information your browser voluntarily transmits or contextual information about your connection. Edit: nevermind, it seems that “state broadcaster” implies more than I thought. > The only time a voltage sufficient enough to kill you, doest kill you, is when it is only present for an extremely small amount of time and/or not traversing your heart. The reason this is the case is because your initial premise is incorrect. Power kills you. Power equals work divided by time. This is why huge voltages over short periods of time don’t kill you. If you are suggesting that we aren’t able to say we’re at all time lows due to a lack of good long term historical information, then you also can’t draw the opposite conclusion that we _aren’t_ at at an all time low. We simply don’t know. But I’d bet it’s highly unlikely that a lack of measurement and/or recording led to better results. I do agree that trust is probably at pretty low levels — exactly because communication is more accessible than any time in history and therefore people have more opportunity to question authority. But a lack in trust doesn’t translate directly to violence. I think that people are becoming very complacent with distrust. The daily media barrage of reasons to distrust so many things has reached the point where it doesn’t cause outrage anymore. It has convinced some people that distrust is normal. Ease of maintenance is rarely a marketable feature in mass-market consumer products, and most often is deprioritized. A good risk assessment starts by evaluating possible attack vectors before they’re exploited. If you wait until they’re actively exploited, you might find yourself dealing with an incident response instead. Another big component of risk is trustworthiness. You might evaluate a vendor’s reputation, test/qa processes, support channels, and the legal environment they operate in. If you don’t even know who the vendor is, that’s a big barrier to establishing much trust. Not necessarily. Validating the authentication labels on a device might give someone enough confidence they can trust it for their particular threat model. While resellers add a definite uncertainty to the security of the supply chain, I think most people would find them to be more trustworthy than a counterfeiting manufacturer. I doubt intel is doing that in this case, as we’re talking about a NIC and not a DRM enforcement mechanism. ...but even if they are, checking a firmware checksum only mitigates risk if you otherwise trust the hardware. Counterfeit silicon could report back whatever your driver wants to hear. And even the presence of a a genuine intel chipset with genuine firmware doesn’t mean there isn’t a malicious component elsewhere on the board. There’s tons of counterfeit silicon out there. Most of them are just cheap approximations or copies of premium components with the motive to make a profit on their sale, but there’s not much preventing any of them from intentionally or unintentionally compromising their hardware. The popularity of programmable silicon and the standardization of silicon package sizes make this super cheap and easy to do as well. A static page is very cheap to implement, if the implementation has no other context. Large organizations have implementation costs and considerations outside of IT, however. I’m sure they could also change their revenue model, but that costs exponentially more than just changing the website to be a static page. Americans tend to relocate very often, relatively speaking to the rest of the world, IIRC. I think there may be some inherent sample biasing going on. I’m here because some European dude a few generations ago decided to move halfway around the world for a chance at a different opportunity, and I’d bet that influenced the risk tolerance of his kids as well. That depends on whether or not the employee is FLSA exempt or non-exempt. You can already opt out of that system, but you have to pay for that privilege. There is already a good number of lending options available to the many (millions?) of people disenfranchised from the traditional banking system. Usually that means offering strong collateral. But the terms of those options aren’t too great because trustworthiness and risk have a strong negative correlation. And those who can prove their trustworthiness almost always prefer to do that rather than pay extra. Doesn't the statement go both ways? How do you tell that a remote phone is in your contact list? > You definitely don't want to run your RDBMS on Kubernetes If you’re targeting AWS you’re probably better off using their solution, but you can totally run your database on k8s. And for some uses it’s even a good idea. It appears that rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure binds even unnamed parties of a class action suit, unless they exclude themselves from an eligible suit. https://civilprocedure.uslegal.com/class-action/binding-natu... I think that’s a good compromise. BTW, it’s actually pretty common in many US states for pharmacists to be required by law to fill prescriptions with their generic equivalents. According to the article, these experiments have already been done in the US before. Pronoun ambiguity strikes again. Yes, that’s what I was referring to, human-animal embryonic experimentation. > Imagine if it were legal for companies to pass something off as a "bank account" when they weren't actually a bank. Robinhood’s attempt at checking accounts come to mind... https://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffkauflin/2018/12/14/sipc-hea... I don’t think the difference is due to income directly, but more to do with class/social expectations. Eating is a very social activity, and the way people eat is strongly linked to their individual and group identity. Healthy eating simply isn’t prioritized by some people/groups, and others don’t value it at all. And (the original) Windows Mobile. What do you mean by 'secure'? I just ran panopticlick in a fresh installation of Chrome on Windows in incognito mode. It returned a near-unique fingerprint with >14 bits of estimated entropy. Of course, that makes total sense, because many of the factors that can identify your system have little to do with the browser, but are determined by the underlying system: fonts, display, date/time information, graphics fingerprints, etc. That still won't work. Most people don't have 'extreme' privacy settings, so you'll again be unique. To resist fingerprinting, you want your setup to be as generic as possible. This is one reason why it's important that browser vendors need to tackle this issue by setting privacy focused defaults. To do this well, you have to take special care with how exactly you obscure them. If your browser refuses to report those values, or sends junk values, then you might actually make the problem worse. It's the internet version of this: https://xkcd.com/1105/ There will undoubtably be many thousands of travelers who show up unaware or unprepared for this. Do these people now have to purchase a reusable bottle if they’d like to carry around a water with them? I sure hope this doesn’t end up backfiring and creating more waste. Reusable bottles can consist of an order of magnitude or more plastic than a disposable water bottle, and if people aren’t reusing that bottle after they leave the airport, this might not actually lead to a reduction in waste. Guns have existed for hundreds of years. Why is this just becoming a problem recently? Employment law is a mixed state and federal issue. There are some very significant federal employment protections, such as the Civil Rights Act. Don’t Teslas have a few fluid systems, like coolant and brake fluid? Maybe they removed the vowels so that a randomly generated key doesn’t have any unexpected words in it? > why invent a cure, when you could instead invent a lifelong treatment? Here’s two reasons: 1. Because consumers will likely prefer a cure to a lifelong treatment 2. Because your lifelong treatment is going to be out of patent before you can collect on a lifetime of purchases. Terrorism is in the FBI’s jurisdiction to investigate, so it makes sense they would be involved to determine whether or not terrorism was involved. It also appears some federal legislation has been passed that directs the FBI to provide assistance to state authorities in this cases: https://www.fbi.gov/about/partnerships/office-of-partner-eng... Mostly the former. There’s nothing expensive about decapping a chip and tossing it under an electron microscope. Did they mean expensive to produce, or an expensive price tag (or both)? The Volt was a good car, but it was a $17,000 premium over something like the Prius when it launched. Even with price cuts for later model years, it was still not an easy sell for a buyer focused on economy. I think it would have sold a lot better if they had positioned it as a more upscale vehicle to match the asking price, or at least had given it some other value proposition beyond economy. I've never been able to figure out exactly who the target market for the Volt was. Literally every engineering project has to balance cost vs quality. Typically, “planned obsolescence” refers to an intentional defect that is artificially added in order to prematurely cause a failure. However, that doesn’t mean every failure is a result of planned obsolescence — defects can also can be expected under the normal course of a product’s lifetime. Premium product lifetimes are a result of premium materials and construction, which cost a premium price. Choosing the correct materials to balance the expected lifetime along with other performance and price characteristics is good engineering practice, not malice. GM used to make a Tahoe Hybrid. It was okay, but I think the price premium was a bit much for the economy gain. It also doesn’t help that the units of “miles per gallon” are not linear with consumption. A improvement from 10 to 15 mpg doesn’t sound nearly as impressive as an improvement from 20 to 60 mpg... but unintuitively, over 20,000 miles, it’s the same amount of fuel savings. Not necessarily. There's the added complexity of having an additional electric powertrain, but many this enables many hybrids to concurrently remove the transmission that a conventional ICE car would have. Prii didn't get their reputation for reliability by being unnecessarily complicated. Of course EVs are obviously simpler, but I'm not sure I'd say a Prius is more complicated than many ICE vehicles of today. Twin turbos and 10 speed autos aren't something exotic anymore -- those are available on the base trim of the F150. Preposterous! While the LG Smart Refrigerator, powered by SmartThinQ® technology, is certainly a premium product at an excellent price, I don’t think there’s any evidence here to show that the upstanding employees of the LG Corporation are behind any of these tweets. They probably wouldn’t know what it is or why they shouldn’t use it if they’re being introduced to the word via the Notes app. Because of age appropriateness. Guns are only sold to adults, and the only media censored in the US is that which is broadcast publicly to audiences of all ages. Nudity has been in US movies for 50+ years. Many platforms for children do already censor swears that are typed. > every movie star Is SAG-AFTRA prominent outside of the US? > Let the media center detect airbag deployment on CAN bus, then play a pre-saved quarter second audio sample at a fixed volume. That would be too late, according to the description in the OP. As a person with a motorcycle, I’m glad I’ve seen at least two people suggest only scanning cars :) > Here, I drive up to the pump, grab the right nozzle, fill up, go inside to the cash register and pay. That was exactly how it worked in the US until about 20 years ago. But then stations started to require prepayment because there were a number of people skipping that important final step. Why not simply bury it? Plastic is pretty intert and non-toxic. Wouldn’t that be much better in terms of carbon sequestration? Given that 'malware' is short for 'malicious software', one might make a semantic argument that DRM is actually anti-malware , as it prevents other software from operating maliciously. Copyright infringement is undoubtedly a malicious act under the law in most places. Any kind of security, authentication, or encryption software ever written was done so to "limit what you can do", so I don't think that is enough to constitute maliciousness. That being said, many DRM software implementations have been known to go beyond just protecting the rights of the content creators, and that's a different story. The vast majority of places in the world recognize the right for a creator to exclusively reproduce their creative works for a period of time so that they may enjoy profit from their creativity. That may be semantically different than “ownership”, but is otherwise functionally irrelevant in the context of this conversation. Many SV companies, and certainly tons of corporate America are subject to the same (or worse) criticisms. The concept of copyright absolutely does have a rational basis in scarcity. Creative works take a substantial investment of time and/or money to create. The idea that creators shouldn't have the right to control their works is wildly radical -- even more than the FSF's view. Even the concept of copyleft relies on the right of the creator to impose licensing on their creative works. If copyrights didn't exist, licenses that require source to be shared, like GPL, couldn't exist. You're well entitled to your opinion, but I'm glad the world doesn't work that way, because things like the restrictive clauses in GPL have been very good for the world. Do they need you to take them seriously in order to support their revenue stream? Yes, that's how everything is valued. This is why transaction data is used to determine valuations of just about anything. > I already said people who create things should be paid for that labor—or more to the point, have to be paid if you want them to continue to create things. > There are better ways. Like what, paying for labor instead of the work itself? That may work well (and already does) for more commoditized/custom-purpose/one-time-use creative works, but how do we apply something like that to something like recorded-media entertainment? Prepay for Taylor Swift's next album on Kickstarter? Here’s the second sentence on that page: > This card is constructed with stainless steel on the front and carbon in the back. Have you used their rewards program? You'll usually carry some sort of a balance to do so, and many people use the program. I thought the same thing. I fill my Starbucks balance up with a credit card, and I earn points on that. And that money is basically a 30 day free loan anyway. It's basically a leveraged investment payable in coffee with almost zero risk. The first column, which is about production, doesn’t use that value. Yes, we're aware. The entire article linked in the OP is a direct response to Google's claims about fighting fingerprinting. The argument made by the Princeton researchers here is that Google's claims are not likely to result in good user privacy. Semantically speaking, the elements that could be used to compose a fingerprint is not the same as fingerprinting. If I write a page that uses user agent / resolution to serve up a layout -- that's not fingerprinting. Fingerprinting would be if I tried to identify a particular user with those elements. I think the problem you're trying to illustrate is that it is difficult for a browser to determine what the requesting site intends to do with those parameters. The browser doesn't know if you want canvas access to draw a pretty picture, or if you want canvas access to perform identification of the user. > Ask who the competitors are, and what happens if we come in second place. See if you buy the answer. I suspect you won’t hear anything convincing. That’s kind of a silly and easily-answered question by itself, especially for tech. If you asked anyone with a minimal business background they’d have an easy answer for that: it’s a strategy leveraging first-mover advantage. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-mover_advantage In tech, there are tons of historical instances of imperfect implementations gaining high market share because of first-mover advantage. It’s a really effective tech strategy. Switching costs, vendor lock-in, and technical debt are huge driving forces for this. How is real-world throughput across the internet? I have a gigabit pipe that works just fine on a speed test, but most real-world usage doesn’t go that fast because of bottlenecks elsewhere. Not to imply that you are, but I prefer to embrace nuance rather than neglect it myself by dismissing misunderstandings of it. WiFi is a lot like a microwave, just with some important differences. WiFi is just modulated and about 1/1000th the power. There are real reasons why SAR regulations exist. I blame the misunderstanding squarely on journalists who picked up early stories about SAR limit studies and did an awful job of explaining them. I’m not sure the US should allocate resources to do that either. But that’s irrelevant, all countries have an interest in the success of their industry, and the strength of their utility infrastructure. These things have been a matter of political interest for millennia. Frequency of use doesn’t equate to importance. Example: checking 100 phone notifications about spam email is probably less important to society than a radio alert about a tornado warning. Besides the simple economic downsides of not selling the product, there are concerns about implementing critical infrastructure with a more nebulous chain-of-custody or engineering governance model. Companies that manufacture critical infrastructure within one's own legal/political jurisdiction(s) can be held accountable -- whereas those actions wouldn't be as possible for those outside of that jurisdiction. Or to put it more bluntly -- cyber warfare has been going strong for at least a couple of decades now and has only escalated in recent years. Or, as I suggested, they simply misunderstand. It's not a difficult analogy to respond to. Many people have microwaves, and they're safe, even though they even leak some of their radiation. We have standards for microwave emissions just like we have standards for wifi power limits. There's something to be said about the utility of old analog systems during emergency situations -- which is part of the responsibility of the FCC to account for. Dead phones and offline towers are not unheard of in disaster situations. For example: https://twitter.com/CarmenScurato/status/910957644256546817 The big difference here is that Audible is an audio-book seller which has licensing agreements with publishers, and they are commercially offering the text transcription. Those publishers probably don't have much leverage against third parties who make tools for personal use. Making copies for personal use is legal, as is manufacturing devices which can make copies. I figure the Android functionality is probably legal given this case: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_Corp._of_America_v._Unive... . Not unless the reader assumes that money equates directly to quality of life. America doesn't really have a reputation for wise spending habits and relaxed working habits. The problem is that social programs in the US are extremely [fragmented]( https://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user5/i... ), and a well designed program has to work in aggregate. Any solution to this has to be cooperative between federal/state/local authorities, but given that welfare programs are one of the most politically charged topics in the US, there's little chance that this cooperation will happen. I thought federal law required mass market vehicle manufacturers to make parts available for 10 years? Am I mistaken or did Tesla manufacture these under some low-volume exception? Because for every person who signs up and causes them a loss, there’s dozens of others enticed by the same rewards programs who make them a profit. Credit card companies aren’t having any problems being profitable. I would imagine the number of people who only purchase things that are in the 5% category on their card is extremely small. 1. Because those people who were enticed by that program might no be enticed to sign up in the first place if it says “5% cash back (unless you take advantage of this in which case we cancel your account)” 2. I bet government regulators might be a bit peeved by a company that systematically cancels customer accounts for behavior which is within the advertised terms of the agreement. Usually regulators frown upon luring customers in with an advertisement for a product/service and then purposefully sidestepping said product/service. 3. It’s probably such a small number of customers that’s it’s just not even worth their time. I’m fairly certain that it is not worth their efforts to cancel those accounts, evidenced by the fact that they either don’t do it, or the number of customers it affects is so vanishingly small that neither of us are aware of the practice. If you believe so strongly that it is worthwhile for them to do this, then perhaps you have an idea for a lucrative career. But as long as credit card fraud in the US is measured in billions, I’m going to guess that any manpower which can be assigned there is way more lucrative than any manpower assigned to demonizing their honest customers. Are there any of those that are 5%? If so I’m very interested. I feel like this author has not experienced living in a city where there was not enough parking to meet demand, and not enough public transit to make up the difference. It causes its own set of horrible problems. People will not give up their car if they still need it to go to work. You have to have the public transportation system before you remove parking spaces. Otherwise you’re going to make the problem worse , not better. If you remove parking first, people are going to avoid dense areas even more, which is the opposite of what you want to solve this issue. You want to encourage people to live and work in denser areas, not encourage them to move further away. On top of that, you’ll get illegal parking which causes property damage and poses risks to public safety. I have a hunch that any authority who blocks roads in LA to prevent traffic from flowing won’t have much of a successful career in politics. Even just plain old ground-level outdoor paved spaces often need rainwater management structures to meet code, which can easily cost more than the pavement itself. If you remove parking before the transit problem is solved, you’re going to make the problem worse by further discouraging density. People will continue to use whatever transit that works to get them to the places they need to go. If you block drivers from accessing an area without any alternatives , you’re simply going to kill any economic activity in that area long before anyone demands transit. People will individually seek alternatives elsewhere to continue their daily activities before they organize and demand political change. People will always make decisions based on where they need to go today . A building with no parking and no public transit, doesn’t have a bunch of people hanging around it demanding a 10 year transit project. They don’t have 10 years to wait. They need a place to work/shop/live today. Busses and commercial traffic also use and require roads. They don’t exist just for those commuting by car. ROT13 of course, designed to Roman military specifications. My mistake, ROT-13 is actually beyond military grade :D I wonder what happens when you Venmo a dead person. Given other stories I've heard about the difficulty of resolving problematic payments over Venmo with no recourse, I bet they don't have much of a robust system in place for resolving that either. Banking controls are expensive. It's cheap when you simply don't have them. Easy. Google’s CEO runs an advertising company. You assumption is that the app has two functions functions: sending and receiving email. It actually only has one function, put eyes in front of ads. Only if you are rolling around without a highly reflective license plate. In the example thread above, people are reacting by complaining about the problem. If they reacted by switching email providers, they wouldn’t be in that thread. I highly doubt Gmail’s active user count is affected by any more than a minuscule amount as a result. Those users aren't paying customers. Besides, it does appear to be a corner case. It has ~200 upvotes. Gmail has 1.5 billion users. That's 1 in 7,500,000. If every single one of them quits using Gmail, and they tell all of their friends, and all of their friends quit using Gmail , Google will still be able to tell their paying customers that those ads reach 1.5 billion users. > There’s no waste associated with putting an electric motor in a durable good that would potentially last 25-50 years. If that were the engineering goal, they would be able to achieve it while adding a very marginal cost to the bom. Now, when you don’t stop at just the condenser motor, and apply that line of reasoning to every part on the BOM, your appliance now costs double the competition. You can buy these appliances today, they’re designed for commercial use. > It's weird that repairability (either right to repair, or simply technical feasibility) has been a huge topic for at least 10 years in cars, mobile phones, home appliances, etc. And yet i haven't seen any end-user product really advertising it. 99% of people don’t want to repair their appliances. They either “don’t want it to break”, or want it to be repaired by someone else. A product labeled “commercial grade! 10 year warranty!” will always massively outsell a product labeled “user serviceable! Schematics included!” I have a feeling that's more to do with some people's reluctance to admit they were wrong about their initial conclusion, and so they cherry pick the facts to support their initial conclusion. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Choice-supportive_bias Possibly they would have drawn a different conclusion if given all the facts to being with. It's hard for many to admit they were wrong. You're being silly. All you have established is that cars and cameras are very different things governed by different laws. The point others were making is much more simple: neither DSLRs or purpose-built sports cars are particularly convenient for casual utilitarian use. People who buy both of these things lean more towards the 'hobbyist' side of things. You are absolutely right that there are many people who lug their DSLR everywhere. But I think you might be underestimating just how many people actually do go to racetracks. Of course, some people own fancy things as status symbols. But also, hobbyists don't have to continually "exploit the capabilities" of their hobby to be legitimate hobbyists either. Spills are a normal and expected occurrence in the course of life. I've spilled coffee on myself before, but I've never needed 8 days in the hospital as a result. It is also worth noting that the court in this case did not assign full responsibility to McDonald's; your point was certainly considered in this case. You are mistaken. Free classes like this are common at hospitals in the US. Not paid by insurance... free. Do a quick search and I’m sure you’ll find plenty. They’re typically called “community wellness” or “community education” programs. The era of 'supersize me' fast food marketing is long gone. Most fast food restaurants are not targeting that specific of a market anymore, they're aiming at a much large cross-section of the population. A better example would be an all-you-can-eat buffet. If anyone is having issues loading this site like me -- it looks like DNSSEC for this site isn't validating properly. https://dnssec-analyzer.verisignlabs.com/wattenberger.com Specifically targeting a population, and the coincidental demographics of that population are two entirely different things. That 70% is part of the 100% which they are actually targeting, but only coincidentally. There are plenty of fast food ads targeting health-conscious consumers. You could also point out that 70% of Americans are also Christian, but that doesn't mean every company that sells to Americans specifically targets Christian customers... ...also, most large fast food companies also have a significant presence in multiple countries. They're following the US government's own (very good) standard: NIST 800-63. It specifically bans most of these dumb practices listed in the OP. No 'security questions', no password hints, no special character or other composition rules, no short character limits, no routine expiration dates. The main idea is: let the user make the password they want, require two factor, and run their password against a list of known compromised passwords to make sure they don't pick something stupid. You’re right, I must have totally misread that page I linked. My resolver was returning a bogus result, I toggled DNSSEC validation, and didn’t dig much further. Looks like it‘s an issue with my resolver on this domain. Odd, because I haven’t touched my configuration in ages and I haven’t seen this problem before. Yeah, there’s a lot of misinformation all around here. Not to mention that production cars have a lot different dynamics than an f1 car. They’re designed with very different chassis goals in mind, so they’re going to exhibition very different behaviors around a track. I have a few days experience on track with an SCCA instructor. Braking late and at maximum deceleration is the basic idea, but braking can do lots of things and be used lots of ways. A light application of braking is sometimes important, not to slow the vehicle, but just to transfer weight to the front wheels before a turn. Also, it is possible to use light braking to induce some rotation mid-turn, especially in an FWD vehicle like a Leaf that will likely exhibit significant understeer. Driving a car around a real track is humbling for the first time. The first event I was at, some instructor was taking a few laps with his personal Chevy Volt, and he was effortlessly passing students in a variety of high dollar sports cars. It is very common for employment offer letters in the US to clearly specify that employment is offered at will . This status has slightly different exceptions by jurisdiction, but in general, it means the agreement can be terminated at any time by either party. Most people summarize this as "you can be fired for no reason", because that's the most commonly discussed scenario. But, your employer doesn't have to terminate your employment to terminate your employment agreement . http://www.ncsl.org/research/labor-and-employment/at-will-em... > At-will also means that an employer can change the terms of the employment relationship with no notice and no consequences. For example, an employer can alter wages, terminate benefits, or reduce paid time off. Now, they can't do this retroactively, but they can do it with zero notice. They wouldn't be subject to HIPAA, but they would be subject to GINA. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_Information_Nondiscrim... That seems like a lot of money compared to existing prefab options. For the same or less money, why not use something designed to be a dwelling to begin with? The value of the structure does often decrease over time. The land might be a different story, if it’s a neighborhood where people want to move. Location, location, location. You can get property that decreases in value too, just move into a neighborhood in decline. Rent controlled places are great for the person living there. But, they’re bad for the supply of housing, which compounds the need for rent controls in the first place. I live in a city where there are more residential properties than families. Prices are a tiny fraction of what y’all on the coasts cite. Apartments under $1000/month in trendy neighborhoods is common here. I’ve rented small apartments here for $500/month. Rent controls may slow price increases , but encouraging supply decreases price . You can’t fix the problem until you treat the root cause rather than the symptom. Pinball games at the time often paid out prizes and didn’t always do so based solely on skill. The shift towards the modern idea of what pinball machines are like today was a reaction to laws threatening to ban them. I live in a more affordable US city and go to a small dentistry, I paid $80 cash for my last cleaning and x-rays. Well you’re in luck. Go down to your local used car lot and pick up a used 2010 Prius. https://youtu.be/CchHIy7JgvA The premise of this article is a straw man and a red herring. I haven't heard anyone in the intelligence community suggest that Huawei has already implemented any back doors in their devices. The concern is the ongoing support that is inherently necessary with networking equipment. Huawei has publicly stated that Ren Zhengfei holds veto powers as part of their shareholder agreement, so I'm not sure that their claimed ownership model actually translates to the same level of control that implies in the western world. Not that ownership matters anyway. AT&T isn't owned by the US Government either, but I bet the CCP doesn't want them implementing infrastructure projects in China. Actually, we know for a fact they don't because their 'national champion' policy is well known. The article implies that the US intelligence community has said there are back-doors; here's what I was referring to: > Now Huawei has called the American intelligence community’s bluff. Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei offered to license his company’s technology to the West and allow Western companies to take it apart, re-write the source code, and otherwise purge it of any possible trace of Chinese hacking It's not. Tense is important here. From the first sentence of your article, emphasis mine: > American telecom companies are being pressured by the government to avoid doing business with Chinese hardware manufacturer Huawei due to concerns that the Chinese government would use Huawei devices to spy on Americans. US authorities have not said Huawei has done anything nefarious. Almost all concerns are about what could or would happen. Someone tasked with national security recommendations must consider the future scenarios that could unfold as a result of present-state policy. This is why countries around the world have long considered basics like agriculture as an essential component national security. This isn't because they think other countries are poisoning their food during times of peace, it's because a reliance on basic needs gives excessive power to the country supplying it. I highly suggest reading some actual official reports to get a non-clickbait version of the argument: https://republicans-intelligence.house.gov/sites/intelligenc... Specialty welding can be complicated, but basic utilitarian welding is not. Head out to your local tool store, pick up a cheap MIG machine and some scrap steel, and plunk yourself down in front of YouTube for a couple of hours, and then spend a few hours practicing. Now, this won't make you good enough to weld on a bridge or an airplane, but you'll definitely be able to stick metal together for doing one-off stuff at home. Networking hardware requires continued security updates and support for secure operation. The current source code has no relevance to this concern. You should read the report I posted -- You'll find that there are zero concerns in it about problems with Huawei's current code. An offer to audit the current source would only be relevant to a concern with the current source code. While that is absolutely true, there is a level of confidence in knowing that the one from a hospital was sourced from a legitimate supplier and that it likely meets some level of quality control standards, legal standards, and supply chain controls. But this is more of a criticism of Amazon than anything, as those things would be true for a drugstore as much as it would be for a hospital. Yes, it obviously is a better image to have your school look engaged, rather than absent, on national TV. But the other reason (for schools with prominent teams) is that the number of seats available is often less than the number of students who might want to attend, so to be fair to students who actually want to attend, it becomes necessary to disincentive people from requesting tickets if they’re not serious about attending. It’s pretty common for schools to give out tickets in a lottery system, and then penalize your future ability to successfully get a ticket if you show a pattern of not actually using the tickets. Back when I was in school, this was tracked by scanning the tickets when you entered. College athletes participate voluntarily. Funny, because there was trouble, but it's actually the opposite of what you might expect. Apple was the one who was getting sued for entering into the music industry. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Corps_v_Apple_Computer Would a reasonable person believe FaceTime is associated with Facebook? Regardless of Stallman's opinions, whether perceived or actual (I couldn't care less about his non-tech commentary), his poor communication skills have long made him a subpar leader. https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Cancelled Sounds like that company either found an alternative or decided it wasn't important enough of a problem. This isn't a situation inherent to FLOSS. I've worked many sales cycles with commercial software where potential customers act exactly the same way. I wouldn't be surprised if this effect is even stronger for commercial software, because of the sunk cost effect. > One little nuance you have to keep in mind there is that many automakers now generally like emission regulations. The reason is because it creates a cycle of obsolescence. Make a car that will be noncompliant with expected regulations in 'x' years and you now have a guaranteed revenue cycle Not sure about other countries, but in the US, emission regulations don't work like that. Cars only must meet the standard that was in place when they were originally sold. My only concern with that is -- what if you actually need human support? hiQ v. LinkedIn means you probably aren't going to jail for scraping LinkedIn's website. It doesn't mean LinkedIn can't IP ban you. Google respects robots.txt. The most obvious is something like state department emergency assistance, but there's plenty of US government programs without a residency requirement. For example: federal student aid doesn't require US residency. https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/types/international Also, the taxes that the US imposes on citizens overseas has some pretty significant exceptions. US citizens can deduct over $100,000 worth of their foreign-earned income and part of their housing expenses. Procedure. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Need_to_know I never said our tax code wasn’t complicated. I simply said expatriates still get some services for their tax dollars. I’ll be first in line to complain about complicated taxes. I file three income tax returns, thanks to the fact I live in a jurisdiction with local income taxes as well as state and federal. Of course that would be misleading! ...because Bill Gates would count “0x0d 0x0a” instead. :) The purpose of a contract isn’t to be efficient with paperwork or describe a high-level view of transactions. It’s a document that very granularly describes those transactions. Any large organization has many people with the authority to spend money, and each one of those transactions will be supported by a contract. > The President and Congress make decisions for all of the federal government. That’s fundamentally not true. Appropriations and appointments are not the same as “making decisions”, but even if they were, the judiciary still exists. No, I am not claiming either of those things. Of course, you can do the same with a bus too: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_rapid_transit Maybe not when used as a complete system -- the advantage is that you can piece in a BRT in specific areas where it would be advantageous, while the majority of the system consists of buses on regular streets. I'm not sure 'open source' is a very good qualifier to use in the name of this project. I read the license, and I'm not seeing anything analogous to 'source'. It doesn't appear that any details about the development of the seed has to be shared along with the rights to use the seed. If I'm not mistaken here, this just looks like a copyleft license, which is a totally separate concern from 'open source'. I'd agree with you if we're just talking about business users, or even home users with high-educational attainment. But this article is specifically about the broader population. In that context, I think your assessment that 'old GUIs' were more user-friendly is very rose-tinted. Back in the early 90s when those GUIs were everywhere, personal computers came with documentation, usually still on paper, because the devices weren't even user friendly enough that a typical purchaser could power on the computer and view documentation without help. And even then, these purchasers were a tiny subset of the population, typically with high educational achievement. This was a time when public opinion hadn't even yet tilted in the direction of considering computer literacy to be a skill useful outside of an office building. Computer skills were definitely (and even to some degree still is) something people would list on a resume. Consider the introduction of iOS. Windows Mobile had more features, more applications, was available on cheaper phones, and was entrenched in the business market at the time. It even followed traditional Windows design patterns, and applications often had a menu bar, as to your preference. They had plenty of documentation, and a link for 'Help' was always just a click away inside the Start Menu. So, why was iOS so successful? It wasn't because power-users like you and I switched over. Many power-users mocked the device. It wasn't successful for including user documentation, it didn't and still doesn't. iOS was successful because it could be used by people who were unable or unwilling to read and follow documentation before using such a device. Computer literacy is certainly a good academic initiative, but it won't help you make successful software for the mass market. The vast majority of casual computer users won't pursue educational endeavors to use your application. Most will opt for an alternative that doesn't require it, or they won't use it at all. You should always consider the intended audience for your application. In our information bubble we sometimes lose an accurate perspective of the skills of the general public. This is of little consequence for many applications, but if your application is truly intended for the general public, like a government website, it's something that might need to be highly prioritized. I don't think nicotine has been shown to be carcinogenic in humans, although there's plenty of other bad things it does. Enough people lack the financial literacy to understand the difference between risk and recurring costs. Unfortunately, nobody wants to change this because insurers love charging premium rates for low risk recurring costs, providers love obscuring their prices, and consumers have come to demand their insurance covers “the basics”. Which is why most fire codes don’t allow them on buildings with a bunch of people in them. > 3. Consultant: 60+ hour days are the norm Dang, I thought 12 hour days were bad. Arguably, this is not clickbait. Many define 'clickbait' as a lead that is characteristically deceptive, misleading, or exaggerated. I'd argue this is simply a teaser, as the article certainly delivers on its promise of a 'secret'. If anything, 'secret' is understated. Be careful of what you ask for. IP laws are the foundation of what makes the GPL enforceable. Tax evasion schemes are not legal, by definition. Maybe you are thinking of 'tax avoidance'? It's certainly up for debate, as there are varying definitions. Although, I don't think it's fair to put things like "Man photographs Lock Ness monster, and you'll never guess what happens next!" BS in the same category as my nightly news saying "After the break, new CDC warnings you should know before you vape" Which is why I used GPL as the example -- it requires modifications to be shared. BSD really wouldn't be affected nearly as much. If we lived in a world where all free software was more like BSD, projects would look a lot less like linux, and a lot more like this: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mach_(kernel%29 Unfortunately, in a world without GPL, you might not have easy access to that binary. It could be installed on a piece of multi-million dollar enterprise hardware that you'd have to purchase to get one. That's probably exactly what companies like IBM would would do, if they weren't required to push their changes by GPL. If copyright didn't exist, nobody could be required to share their changes to another person's work under schemes like GPL. Corporations would no longer be legally compelled to contribute to free software projects. Projects like Linux would likely be abandoned as large institutional users fork the projects and leave the original project to rot. Yes, it explicitly does. Even in version 1 this was addressed. See section 3a and 3b: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-1.0.html Or they could simply refuse to sell it to you or anyone else without signing an NDA. The FSF has never viewed anyone who wants exceptions to copyleft as being part of their community to begin with. Even something simple like the JSON license is something that the FSF sees as fundamentally incompatible with their values. https://directory.fsf.org/wiki/License:JSON That may be your opinion, but the word is not universally used in such a liberal manner. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clickbait#Definition They are the standard. Commercial airline safety issues are uncommon enough to be newsworthy. Boeing's customers care a lot more than most automaker's customers. 1 in 4 cars on US roads have known unresolved safety recalls. > Another source tells us Boeing quickly reported the issue with the single plane to the FAA last week, and now more planes with similar cracking have been found. The precise phrasing and context is of ultimate importance in these cases. There's a huge difference between a false direct quote and an editorialized interpretation of someone's words. Not all people's bodies work the same all the time, and not all 5th graders have perfect decision making. Urgent bathroom needs are an event that everyone will have in their life. Negative reinforcement for isolated instances of this is abusive. Bathroom usage is of zero concern to an instructor unless it becomes an abnormal pattern. And if it is, the interest should be out of a concern for health, unless demonstrated otherwise, not a concern for discipline. Really, the only thing we know is that it's not a single plane.... which is the cause for concern. 2/7000 is not a very low incidence rate as far as safety concerns go. Many cars are recalled for far less severe issues with orders of magnitude lower incidence rates. It is neither feasible nor practical to collect everything that comes out of a hydrocarbon-burning ship's exhaust. We have scrubbing for some of the worst stuff, but there's plenty of stuff that isn't collected. When you burn fuel, you get a mix of those emissions. If burning fuel results in X amount of sulfur and Y amount of CO2, you still don't want to increase the amount of X, even if 100% of it is collected, because Y will also go up and it isn't being collected. There are a lot of activities that happen in the course of normal academics that contributes to the economic benefit of the school. Most of this is seen as being a normal course of attending school: tasks assigned for academic credit, or simply voluntarism. Athletics used to be that way until the demand side of the equation got out of hand. > Bosch had plastic welded shut the drum, > the flange in question had the bolt holes and locating features for the gasket still present. That sounds like classic cost-savings methodology. They found a cheaper way to attach two parts while keeping the same tooling and reducing parts-count. What would have been suspicious is if they had kept the expensive features and welded it shut. Cheap is often not maintainable as a side-effect. That doesn't mean it was the primary goal. > If the sum of costs of all parts to assemble a car is above 2x the price of the car, someone is getting ripped off, and we all know who that is. Not really. The business models are way different and have different costs. You're paying for someone to store that part, ship it in low volume to and from a parts warehouse, market to you, tie up capital in it, and gamble on the possibility that you'd want to buy it before those models go obsolete. If you buy 500,000 units via container ship from the factory you could get them for way cheaper too. A thermal fuse isn't a routine consumable. Those are designed to trip when something else is wrong. You need to open it up anyway to fix the root cause or confirm it was a fluke and there is no pending safety hazard. > the army is made of citizens as well after all. That's probably not the case for HK. Any use of a firearm is potentially lethal and should be treated as such. The precision necessary for the scenario you are proposing is not physiologically possible during an active conflict. The components and approximate values of these costs are well known; manufacturing is a well-established and stable industry. If you want some actual values, many of these companies are public and file financial reports: https://www.electroluxgroup.com/en/wp-content/uploads/sites/... Electrolux cited a 4.3% operating margin in their latest report. Depends on where you're at. This machine could be profitable in some places, and probably not in others. Probably to keep the momentum of the ingredients at zero in the x/y axes > No one is taking away your guns. You're right, but it's not due to a lack of trying. Kamala Harris, Cory Booker, and Beto O’Rourke all support mandatory buybacks. I don't think the military uses too many small caliber semi-auto rifles. Any modern military rifle I can think of was banned for new sale in 1986. Those are cartridges, not rifles. The function of operation is a pretty important technicality. There are very few guns that aren't based on, derived from, or exactly the same as military weapons. Many of the most popular hunting rifles and shotguns around the world, even those very traditional in style, would qualify as this. Which I agree with -- but the device they're showing it off on looks pretty cramped for screen real estate. It has two 9" screens. If we guess those are 16:9 displays, that's about 69 square inches of space... which is actually a few square inches smaller than a single 13" display of the same ratio. (72 square inches) Copper is still very common in brake pads, both in the semi-metallic and ceramic varieties. California phases out copper-containing brake pads starting in 2025. Canada banned asbestos brakes this year. Brakes are still exempted under US asbestos bans. Manufacturers and repair shops avoid them for obvious reasons, but they're not illegal. https://www.baltimoresun.com/news/bs-xpm-2006-05-04-06050400... https://canada.autonews.com/article/20180107/CANADA/18010983... Synthetic rubber was, in fact, invented after Bakelite. There are also significant decreases in performance due to wear isn't due to the material itself, but also the change in geometry. For instance, when rain grooves wear down, they're not able to channel away as much water. Your PD isn’t part of the prescription. But the prescription itself must be provided to you by law in the US. If anyone, a large actor like Salesforce would be more equipped to handle a patchwork of laws than smaller competitors. A patchwork of laws is a pain in the ass for large companies, but it’s a barrier to entry for small ones. Which company does that? There aren't any plans like that in my area. Both Comcast and Verizon have gigabit a la carte here. It must be a generational thing. Most boomers I know must absolutely have their deluxe cable plans. A lot of them grew up with TV being a very important part of their routine, and now many of them have lots of free time now that their kids have left the house. We tried, and it was legislated otherwise for a while, but it didn't really work out. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CableCARD Do they offer higher speeds with a triple-play? That's what I was questioning. My point wasn't that I have good speeds. My point is that you can get the same speeds a la carte as you can with a package. There are digital and 24 hour variants that are not only viable, but common. I'm not so sure about that. 'LGBTQIA+' is widely accepted, and the '+' is a wildcard. The Land O Lakes CEO was showing this off on 60 minutes just this past week. Check out 5:22 in the video here: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/land-olakes-ceo-beth-ford-and-t... What makes you think billionaires aren't trying to use cryptocurrencies to their advantage? Because it's the DEA that does that, not the national guard. The feds have the authority to come in to any state at any moment and shut down any marijuana operations. They did do this for a while until the the DOJ decided to ease enforcement policy under the Obama administration. I'm not sure if that refutes or supports the above point... :D If you can write a program that can automate this, then you're a better programmer than most of us. https://www.justice.gov/oip/blog/foia-update-freedom-informa... AFAIK all mass-market automakers in the US and Europe trace their history to automotive startups in the late 19th century and early 20th century, and Japan and Korea's automakers all formed in the mid 20th century. I guess China probably has the newest automaker startups outside of Tesla, but they don't have much volume outside of their domestic markets. Or on the passenger side mirror of any average passenger car made over the past half century or so: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objects_in_mirror_are_closer_t... > a long time The Ford Edge has had the option since 2015. Looks like the Explorer got it the next year. The Subaru Ascent has it for 2019. I'm sure there are others that didn't come up in the first couple pages of my search results. It has been available on a ton of cars over the past half-decade. It's starting to become a standard feature now. Even the sub $16K Nissan Versa Note has it standard. Other than the fact that Facebook and Google know that you’re looking for therapists... Good process ensures good results: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Toyota_Way I would call that commercial fire services. “Volunteer” fire departments usually refer to a different arrangement. and they were carrying $16,000 in cash? It would be ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/31/5316 ) in that amount, but that isn't my point. The point is that the totality of their actions are not supporting their story very well. Losing anonymity absolutely does affect privacy, that's the entire point to fingerprinting. While anonymity and privacy are theoretically separate concepts, many current techniques used to compromise privacy on the internet are dependent on de-anonymization. None of the data your browser leaks is being used to directly compromise privacy. Your screen resolution, user-agent, canvas fingerprints, etc aren't private information. Their only utility is to support de-anonymization, which in turn allows a compromise in privacy by aggregating your behavior. I think that supports the above point. The dozen companies on the list only account for a few of that 903. As the linked document mentions, there are very few OSHA inspectors. You’re very unlikely to have any sort of real OSHA enforcement at a small business in the US. At a large employer, they often at least recognize and attempt to follow safety regulations. At a small business it is not at all uncommon for management to not care or even be aware that regulations exist. Looking back at my years at a warehouse run by a small business, I didn’t realize how dangerous the things were that I was doing at the time, but pretty much every task I had involved an OSHA violation. It was just the way things worked, and it wasn’t any different than any other nearby businesses. Amazon get a lot of attention due to their size. Similar workplaces with less media and regulatory scrutiny often pay less and have more safety issues. Anecdotally, the people I know who work at an Amazon warehouse tell me that the safety protections there are better (and pay higher) than the other options they had. They might have 0.1% of the workforce, but don’t forget that they’re 5% of the entire retail market and 49% of e-commerce. Replying to myself just to add -- I'm not saying that large companies aren't significant offenders. They employ a lot of people and certainly have the means to implement compliance mechanisms, so they should do better. I'm simply pointing out that smaller businesses get away with much more (many operating without any compliance mechanisms whatsoever), and are able to continue to do so with almost zero scrutiny. Hybrids have customarily placed their batteries at the forward-most part of the trunk for as long as they have existed. The packs are typically inside of metal housings and vented to the outside of the car. For those extra concerned about fire or poorly designed packs, it's not difficult to add a rear firewall on most vehicles -- this is standard practice required by most motorsport organizations when adding a fuel cell to the rear of vehicles. "firewall" is just a fancy word for a compartment blocked off with a piece of sheet metal. It's a drop-in for vehicles with transverse engine configurations. $ is used as a symbol for dozens of currencies. How exactly is that measured? If you’re trying to measure the resistance between the ground rod and actual ground, how do you get the second reference point? The majority of the world is more price sensitive. North Americans are willing and able to pay premium prices. https://www.statista.com/statistics/283334/average-smartphon... Because this has potential security implications as well. People frequently copy/paste into other applications with the assumption that the text that was copied will be the same as what is pasted. While I have always been skeptical of "flat" designs, I'm not so sure that "dark mode" is a bandaid. I think it's something needed on its own, but flat designs just happen to be caught up in the mix. White-background designs are really just a hold-over from design approaches developed for paper. Whereas white is a default color for paper, it never was on CRTs, and isn't on OLED displays either. The design choice was mostly an implicit (or habitual) emulation of paper. There are both hardware and ocular reasons why dark backgrounds are advantageous on screens, particularly mobile OLEDs. Power consumption, eye fatigue, contrast, durability, etc. We need to make some of these changes regardless of artistic design style. It doesn't matter how much work it is or whether it is important. What matters is whether or not the circumstances of the working arrangement qualify it legally as an employment. AFAIK, Reddit doesn't organizationally require their community mods to do anything at all. You could save a few bucks by switching to Plus and adding the domains à la carte. There are lots of open source clients for commercial services. You’re not entitled to connect to other people’s hardware for free, even if the software is open source. Not sure I feel the same way in my experience. I find airbnb photos to be accurate for the actual place I’ll be in, even if they might be leaving some details out. I often find hotel reviews are a mix of pre and post-renovation photos and it’s a roll of the dice for what room I’ll get when I show up. Maybe it’s just because there aren’t too many Airbnbs that have 15 year old listings. 'all but' is an idiomatic synonym for 'almost'. https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/all+but We don't really have the technology to do that completely. Because it's really hard and expensive to stream pre-rendered video at a low enough latency, most action games still transmit player positions and trust the client to accurately render the corresponding video client-side. Although, even in scenario with a completely untrusted client receiving only final video output, there's no guarantee that the actions being input are human. This is about more than simply censorship, the broader concern is social manipulation at the hand of foreign governments. And likewise, those US companies have also drawn similar regulatory attention. That would be unfortunate, but it's not nearly as bad as the effects we'll see if the trend of information warfare against civilians continues. I've come to expect falsehoods on the internet for political or commercial gain -- but I find the recent trend of using propaganda to spark hatred, outrage, and panic, to be particularly disturbing. It sounds like a reference to this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons There’s a ton of legal reasons why they might be specifically concerned about exporting there and Apple isn’t. * Maybe there’s an export restriction on a component and they lack the license to export to that country. * Maybe they have not submitted their product for regulatory testing in that region. * Maybe the product doesn’t operate within legally available spectrum in that country. * Maybe the product presents an IP rights concern in the laws of that country. * Maybe they simply haven’t paid a lawyer licensed to practice law in that region to confirm they wouldn’t have any legal concerns. I'm still surprised how many very intelligent adults don't understand the difference between an enthusiast and a professional -- for basically any profession, not just tech. > I find this is more prevalent for non-technical people. The boss allows remote work up to a certain point, but they can’t cross over into being fully remote. > That would be too scary. We can’t have that! It could also be that non-technical members of the team don't have the combination of tools, technical ability, and training to make remote meetings effective. I've seen a lot of remote meetings completely wrecked by inability to use the meeting software, failure to adjust audio settings properly, faulty or improper hardware, inappropriate use of hardware, etc. After a few frustrating interactions, many might conclude that this mode of communication isn't effective. This is definitely a cultural issue that needs to be addressed from the top -- these people need to be assigned the proper tools, trained to use them, and expected to use them. Those machines are available here in the US. I considered buying one. While not having to switch clothes was appealing, the low capacities and long cycle times felt like it cancelled out that advantage. The lackluster reviews I read from those who had made the switch were probably the biggest reason why I didn't do so myself. As I understand, our laundry habits are a bit different than much of the world. We tend to wash everything after one use and clotheslines are few and far between. Also, our energy prices are cheap, so the pay-off curve for the efficiency gain of such a machine is long. They'll probably get more popular as family sizes continue to shrink, and people continue migrating back to cities. Many brands are existing words. You don't even need to look at edge cases to support this: * Apple * Amazon * Nike * Oracle * Visa * Fox .... The point of trademarks is to protect consumers from misleadingly identified products. Whether the word is used for something else is irrelevant. Basically all western countries take into account the context in which the term is used. i.e. your grocery store can still legally sell a fruit called 'apple'. I'm not arguing against them. They exist in the US, so there must be a reason why they aren't as popular. I was outlining my reasons. Preferences are simply preferences. Threat analysis is an important, but it's really a small part of Symantec's operations as a whole. (and that tech can be relatively easily licensed and/or purchased) Sales, marketing, strategy, partnerships, product development, support, legal and compliance -- much of the rest of the company, will be vastly different for B2B vs B2C. Agreed. Censorship is a simple concept - it's any time expression is suppressed. Those who say that _their_ removal of content _isn't_ censorship are simply avoiding negative word associations, or any inherent suggestion that their judgement could be subjective. Even the censorship of off-topic and spam comments is a subject to a high degree variability in judgement and opinion. Sounds like a creative way for law enforcement to get people to hand them their unlocked devices during a search. This is mass market retail we’re talking about. Unless it’s easily demonstrable, people are going to buy the prettier box on the shelf or the one that’s cheaper. I’d bet money that when company X adds ECC and calls it “super stable memory”, company Y adds a button in the settings menu that calls fsck and calls that “hyper stable memory” and undercuts company X by 12%. I don’t think that suggestion is going to prevent anyone from doing otherwise if they find it advantageous. The comment you replied to said 'mitigated', not 'solved'. Emissions controls already have, and still can, make enormous impacts on many consumer devices. Given that emission controls are a whole lot easier to implement than eliminating a huge portion of the world's population, I'd say it's a more realistic goal to pursue. It took them 9 months to restart a server? Guaranteeing that the video is genuine still doesn’t solve the problem that [person] != [car] != [license plate] CR reviews cars as appliances. Their target market is the mainstream buyer. If you're looking for a enthusiast review, they're the wrong publication. What they do, they do well. Their reviews are consistently: "what my mom would say if she drove it". Consumer Reports is not Car and Driver. >It matters what milk and bread is sold in. The FPLA requires metric units to be included on labeling. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_Packaging_and_Labeling_Ac... https://www.nist.gov/standardsgov/compliance-faqs-packaging-... I think the Galapagos effect exists anywhere there's enough isolation, whether it be through language, geography, class, or politics. Different cultures have different values, preferences, and priorities. These differences shape all of our opinions, whether it's you visiting the US, or me visiting the EU. Don't assume that your values are as equally important to someone in the US as they are to you, though. Many of our cultural preferences are just that -- preferences -- which all come with an associated set of pros and cons. One person's "crappy hollow-core door" is another persons "ADA accessible, 2018 IRC-compliant, lead-free, contemporary-style door". To the contrary, I've seen 3.8L or 3.78L written on every gallon jug for my entire lifetime. I know that conversion off the top of my head... even before I had mandatory science classes where I formally learned the same. But even if you haven't read any of the text on a milk jug over the past half-century, surely you've seen one of these before?: https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71x5rVYbJUL... You can just as easily file this one under "every organization has finite resources to allocate". As long as they're all legitimate audits, that seems like a reasonable way to prioritize work. I too tackle the lower-hanging fruit first when I begin a task. If this is the methodology that generates the most revenue, then it is generating the most potential benefit to those who rely on government services -- largely, those drawing SS/Medicare/Medicaid/SNAP/EITC. Sometimes it’s illegal. I’m sure I’m not the only developer here who has had to write accessible code to fulfill a project’s legal requirement. Similar sorts of title issues can happen in the US, but we do a pretty good job of mitigating those before a sale is completed. Do you not have title searches and title insurance in Ireland? It is standard practice in the US to hire a company to research any potential title problems before sale, and additionally, buy insurance to protect against potential issues that might not have been found. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_search https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_insurance The ESTA site looks like it uses the US government's standard design system, and it has a .gov domain. Identifying official US government websites is like the easiest thing on the internet -- the US is the only country in the world with their own TLD dedicated to government websites. I can't think of a more 'legit' look than that, although I guess if you're not from the US you probably haven't visited US government websites very often and might not have much of a reference point. Mmmm, quail salad: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/20/Bo... Merriam-Webster lists ˈkwā as valid, and Cambridge lists kweɪ under an 'American Dictionary' subsection. Offensive capabilities aren't linearly related with human death and suffering. It's not even clear whether the relationship is positive or negative.[0] Have you considered the possibility that your work could potentially create a net-benefit to humanity by keeping world powers in a state of Nash-equilibrium/MAD? [0]: https://ourworldindata.org/uploads/2018/09/Bubble-and-lines-... Yes, that's organizational discipline, not legislative decree. In my experience on both sides, pleasantness is directly correlated to the number of cars in line. I see a lot of mentions of Gigabyte and Asus in this thread -- I have had good luck with MSI boards too. Maybe the reason Intel quit making boards is because there are lots of good motherboards now? I don't have the same magnitude of issues on eBay as I have had on Amazon. Much of the problem is exacerbated their commingled inventory and consolidated product pages. On eBay it is two clicks to see the negative feedback for the seller who is shipping me the item, and I have the confidence that I am going to get the item from that seller. On Amazon, users post much of the negative feedback on the consolidated product page which doesn't give any indication about the seller, and might not even be for the right product. And in the end, fungible FBA inventory is a roll of the dice. This is a problem that never existed on eBay. Well, some citizens can, but the rich can't. The Foreign Earned Income Exclusion exempts the first $105,900* of income. * https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f2555.pdf Not sure I'd call it a 'bad bad practice' for a user to do it voluntarily, but it's unnecessary. I think the above commenter is thinking about the requirement a user to change a password on a timed basis. There's been a good bit of research done in this area, and the consensus is that it just causes most people to stick a number at the end of their password anyway, making the policy completely worthless at best, but it often leads to people writing their passwords down. I'm not sure meetings in most organizations are the result of people 'asserting authority' or people 'unsure of their role'. Almost no managers are calling meetings to fulfill some hidden agenda or personal gratification. Most are called by people who are legitimately trying to solve a problem. They're just a product of a lazy/ineffective management style. The problem is, proper task delegation requires a lot of work: 1. understanding the problem (probably the hardest problem) 2. understanding the organization and resources 3. breaking down the problem 4. assigning tasks appropriately 5. managing time, both of the process, and the delegates of the tasks. When a manager does this properly, it's not a very 'visible' process, so nobody really knows they've done all this work. Alternatively, lazy managers can just call everyone into a room and let them figure out everything. It doesn't require any upfront planning or understanding of the problem. And it comes with the bonus of high-visibility. TL;DR: meetings are the result of lazy management. You want a laser printer. Inkjets will clog up with infrequent use, but lasers won't. HP makes some interesting compact laser printers these days that could easily be stored away while you're not using them -- something like the HP LaserJet Pro M15w might be nice for infrequent use. Sure, all modern inkjets perform cleaning cycles.... most of them do it between prints, and some can even do it on a regular basis even when in standby. But, most of them don’t clean while in standby, and none of them clean themselves when unpowered. That’s the problem with infrequent use. Lasers aren’t >$1,000 anymore, where it only makes economical sense for those who print in high volumes. There are a TON of laser printers under $100. No lie, the last laser printer I purchased was actually $24.99, brand new. Via still exists. Maybe they could have gone with Nucyrix? Although that kind of sounds like a prescription drug. You’re pointing out that wavelengths exist. The relationship between wavelength and color is not a universally shared experience. Gibibyte is not a different definition of gigabyte. They’re different units. Pipe was originally measured by inside diameter. Anyway, over the past 100 years, metallurgy got better and they could make the same strength pipe with thinner walls. So now, because of the thickness change, the old pipes that measured 1/2” inside and the fittings for those pipes were the right size for new pipes that measured about 3/5” inside. They had the same outside diameter, but a larger inside diameter. Instead of confusing everyone and requiring them to remember compatibility charts for every size pipe (and guessing about the age of the pipe), they just “solved” the problem by selling the new pipes under the name of the old size they were compatible with. Tl;dr: Plumbers have technical debt that goes way back. That’s crazy. I’ve never had that problem, even when buying cars out of state. Were you paying the full amount by check or something? I’ve bought one with a credit card in the US. Gun shops as well, and they have an even stronger legal standing under federal law. Adrenaline is a heck of a thing. I know someone who similarly said they were fine and wanted to go home after being hit by a car. They had fractured vertebrae and their spinal cord would have likely suffered permanent damage if it wasn’t immobilized as soon as it was. That makes somewhat more sense. Trading a signed title without a lien for a check places a lot of risk on the dealer. Although there are ways to mitigate this, maybe the dealer in your case didn’t feel like bothering or it didn’t occur to them. The only part that wasn’t normal was it becoming a publicized story. What do you think intelligence agencies normally do, ask politely for confidential information? I guess it shows Ecuador’s counterintelligence skills aren’t up to the level of a superpower, but I’m pretty sure anyone could have guessed that one already. I know several people with campers, horse trailers, car trailers, boats, etc. Most aren’t maxing out their towing capacity, but if you’re driving through any mountains, you’ll want to be well within those limits unless you want a white knuckle experience. If regenerative braking is good enough technology for trains, it ought to be good enough of a technology for a light truck. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamic_braking Just went to Jeep’s site. Steel front and rear bumpers are a $1,395 factory option on a 2020 Jeep Wrangler Rubicon. I couldn’t disagree more. There’s nothing gimmicky or odd about this. It was demonstrated to behave exactly like standard laminated auto glass, which is everything short of required to meet FMVSS 226 standards required by 2017. Most all US cars now have laminated side glass. And for good reason, they make curtain air bags stay in place and do their job correctly. Side impacts are way more common than fires or submersions. Regardless, first responders have been dealing with laminated glass on windshields for many decades, they have tools to deal with it. And the number of people who break out their own windows to save themselves is approaching zero. Tools are typically still required to break old-school safety glass. Pretty much all cars in the US are implementing laminated side glass to comply with FMVSS 226 occupant ejection mitigation requirements. They just figured out an interesting way to demonstrate a feature that nearly every car sold in the US since 2017 already has. Clearly, the solution is to trade the car in. It’s not research, but I would point them at NIST 800-63. These are well thought out standards that the entire US government follows. It would be tough to find a more comprehensive or authoritative source that says otherwise. https://www.nist.gov/itl/tig/projects/special-publication-80... Here’s a list of a few: https://www.aaa.com/AAA/common/AAR/files/Laminated-Glass-Veh... Of course there are many differences between a train and a car. But the technology is exactly the same: apply an electrical load to a motor/generator and it will generate a braking force. The source of the load doesn’t really make a difference as long as it meets implementation requirements. (Perhaps maybe the most ironic way they could dump excess electricity could be by running the onboard air compressor — literally the same thing an ICE vehicle does to dump energy when engine braking: compressing air.) My point is that the technology is definitely a good fit for braking large loads. There’s probably a few things this truck has that normal cars don’t have. The air compressor comment was an illustrative tougue-in-cheek comparison, not a serious suggestion. Imagine the amount of power needed to run an air compressor with a displacement in the 5-6 liter range. That’s exactly the amount of power we’re talking about. Because that’s literally what an engine-braking truck is doing, it’s driving its engine as an air compressor. Your “tens of thousands of watts” estimate is probably just about right. And that’s not anywhere outside the realm of doable. That’s probably well within the abilities of regenerative system in the drivetrain this vehicle will have, but even if we assume it isn’t, a 10kw resistive load is a $100-$200 part, off the shelf. On what grounds should that patent not have been granted? Seems like a pretty normal patent to me. Technology doesn't have to be likable, a good design, or even functional to be patented. I still get a kick out of the clock icon. You sure? I'm glad I had laminated glass when some projectile hit my driver side window on the highway last year. There are a far greater number of realistic and common scenarios where a windows pose a safety benefit by operating as a safety barrier than there are scenarios where they pose a safety benefit by being easily penetrable. And they weren't the only ones doing that stuff at the time, the British East India Company had plenty of their own territory. Some argue that some live in borderline corporatocracies now, but the 17th century was a completely different ball game. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Company_rule_in_India I think a lot of people on this topic are misapplying their western ideas about governance where it doesn't make sense. One-party states are very effective at implementing top-down rule, and pretty much none of them recognize a right to petition government for a redress of grievances. There's a completely different business environment when the government rule is no longer subject to debate. Corporations in the west have huge power to make political and social change, but this concept doesn't translate. Apple is a capable enough company that they already understand the legal, social, and political environment they are subject to when doing business in China. Beijing doesn't have to 'pressure' Apple to make changes. Apple already knows what they can and can't do. Global trade is an essential influence for the protection of human rights, but it's the definitely the long game. I think we'd be worse off as a world if we swing back towards isolationism again. An emoji is not the hill to die on here. Often, companies don’t post a job ad. Hiring managers usually explore their network and their trusted employees’ networks before resorting to outside help. Sometimes the interviewing process is already in motion when a referral comes in, as well. “I worked with this person for 2 years and they always produced quality work” is way more of a confidence inspiring piece of evidence than “we interviewed this person for 30 minutes and they sounded like they’d be able to do the job”. Hiring managers aren’t dumb. They know interviews are not super reliable measures of a person’s future performance. All hiring managers have stories about people who were bad at interviews and great at their job, or great at interviews and horrible at their job. A trusted referral decreases this risk significantly. It is clear that many people know that many services they enjoy compromise their privacy. These stories have been covered by mainstream media ad nauseam. Jokes about privacy compromises are part of pop-culture at this point. Most people, however, are not enthusiasts or activists who are wholly invested in these topics. Even being aware of the issue, most act based on their immediate needs. Immediacy is an extremely important factor in decision-making. If we were to give this a utilitarian assessment formula: [severity of problem] * [immediacy of problem] [importance of need] * [immediacy of need] Many people using social media to communicate with their family may evaluate that as: [100] * [1] He seems to be making the argument that people bought the Model 3 because it’s a “good value” and won’t do the same for the cyber truck. No Doug, people buy a Toyota Camry because it’s a good value. They buy a Model 3 because it’s freakin cool and it’s not $80,000. The cyber truck’s value proposition is not “utilitarian vehicle” either. The economy isn’t doing that well. It’s pretty stagnant. It’s the stock market that is doing well. But stock market != economy. I’m not sure if the lack of universal healthcare is a cause or a symptom of the problem. As the article points out, people are engaging in more self destructive behaviors. These behaviors are much more influenced by social and cultural support systems than anything else. On the other hand, internet radio is useful if your FM station is being blocked or censored. The mechanisms supporting those features are mandated by law and couldn’t legally be subject to user-selected permissions. Those mechanisms are not running as untrusted applications on the OS anyway, I believe most/all of them are implemented in radio firmware. Now with USB-C PD you can just plug in an external battery to just about any laptop. US law also has a very similar provision https://www.law.cornell.edu/ucc/2/2-315 Many places recognize an “implied warranty” which holds manufacturers to some basic standards by law. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Implied_warranty One might argue that this flash memory was not the correct choice for the purpose it was being used for, and as an expert, it’s was Tesla’s duty to select a part up to spec for the purpose it was being used for. We also have IIHS testing which, while unofficial, has always been at the forefront of crash testing, and is oft cited and very influential in the US. The door is not a crumple zone. Crumple zones should be outside of the passenger compartment. Regardless, the sledgehammer demonstration is demonstrating the result of an impact at least several orders of magnitude smaller than a vehicle accident where crumple zones are effective. GM had an entire brand of vehicles designed not to be dented for about a decade during the 90s: Saturn. All of those vehicles performed normally in crash tests. Exterior bodywork work is irrelevant to occupant crash safety performance on unibodies (or space frames, like the Saturn S series), because they’re non structural elements. They’re decorative. Soft metal is chosen because it’s cheap to produce, not because it’s a crumple zone. Crumple zones on unibody cars today are made of much stronger steel than the body is, and the channels are in the unibody frame which are slightly inboard from the sides of the car. If you hit the crumple zones of a regular car on the road today with a sledgehammer, they wouldn’t dent. You’d need to hit them with something imparting many thousands of times as much force, like a car. The only safety benefit to soft body panels is pedestrian safety. Why should whitepages.com be illegal? Phone companies used to print hard copies of the white pages and hand deliver it to everyone’s house, and the biggest concern anyone ever had about them was the volume of waste they generated. Yep. AMD is a threat, but not a disaster for Intel. Also, AMD is going to have to keep up the momentum for a while before they can make in-ways in the enterprise market. > the whole thing is private The US has several public insurers. About 72 million Americans are enrolled in Medicaid or CHIP. About 60 million are enrolled in Medicare. The MHS covers about 9.5 million people. The IHS covers another 2.2 million people. In the US, we have medical malpractice lawyers on every street corner. Hospitals absolutely aren't profiting from malpractice. >A report issued by the US Department of Health and Human Services estimated the cost of malpractice insurance to doctors alone at $6.3 billion in 2002; with an additional cost of $60–108 billion related to the practice of defensive medicine, i.e., costs related to physician behavior in response to the threat of a lawsuit alleging medical negligence https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2628513/ Also from your source: > Mean compensation amounts and the percentage of paid claims exceeding $1 million increased I'm not saying it's a huge component of healthcare costs overall, I'm just saying malpractice not a good profit motive. Someone with a PhD in math might remind them that modes and medians are averaging techniques too. “Average” is a very vague term. The US occupies the large gap between "wholly run publicly" and "the whole thing is private". Besides public-payer insurance, there are government hospitals in the US too. 21% of US hospitals are government owned. E911 compliance is a legal requirement. It would be against the law for that slider to turn that off. I think that slider is for Apple’s SOS features, which go beyond the legal requirements: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208076 > After an emergency call ends, your iPhone alerts your emergency contacts with a text message, unless you choose to cancel. Your iPhone sends them your current location, and, for a period of time after you enter SOS mode, it sends updates to your emergency contacts when your location changes. Anecdotally, I know a couple of people who work at Amazon warehouses which I haven't seen mentioned in the media, and they tell me they haven't seen any of the safety issues others are reporting, and that they take safety procedures pretty seriously. I'm in a locale that is very business friendly. Maybe this issue is specific to certain locations, markets, or segments of the logistics chain. I'd imagine that employee turnover, the products being shipped, the tasks being performed, and product volume varies significantly based on the particular location. They have a lot of facilities doing a lot of different things. The media usually mentions 'fulfillment' specifically with these articles, but that's only one part of their logistics operations. Do both, and add both email addresses to every account that you can. They could be different facility types. Amazon has sort centers, distribution centers, returns processing centers, robotic fulfillment centers, non-robotic fulfillment centers, and maybe other stuff I don't know about. The people at different warehouse types are often doing different jobs. According to a quick search, JFK8 is fulfillment center where they do pick and pack, and it's also one of the warehouses with the Kiva robots. Couldn't find too much about PDX9. It’s 11 commands to debug everything about an application deployment... from downloading the docker image all the way to debugging the load balancer. Most git cheat sheets have 3 times the number of commands. Most of the diamonds listed here aren’t things you have to remember, they’re statuses that are explicitly called out in the responses of those commands. This is an over-complicated chart that in reality is summed up as: look at the pod, look at the service, look at ingress. That's if you use your own _server_. You don't have to point your DNS records to a server you own. It all depends on which program/hospital/patient/government we're talking about. Everything about government in the US is fragmented. Scenarios range from completely free at the point of use, to 100% out of pocket, and everything in between. The 5 programs I mentioned above are just the largest federal programs. States and localities in the US often implement their own programs. There are hundreds of government healthcare programs that someone in the US might take advantage of, depending on where they're at. The problem with healthcare in the US is not that there is no government healthcare initiatives. The problem is that we have too many. Fragmentation is inefficient and expensive. Governments in the US spend $4,854/person/year on healthcare. The NHS spends $4,192/person/year. https://www.cms.gov/research-statistics-data-and-systems/sta... https://www.nhsconfed.org/resources/key-statistics-on-the-nh... Money is one thing, but there's also just plain old information bias. Politics don't go away when the consultants come in. The consultants are going to be working closer with the group that brought them in. It's not uncommon in my experience for the 'other group(s)' to ghost the consultants. There are many projects where the build vs buy decision itself is politicized. Political rifts between business and IT is a story that is just as old as business software itself. Super common scenario: * The business thinks IT is too slow to implement, and doesn't understand business needs * IT thinks the business changes priority too much and doesn't even understand their own business processes, and it's leading to technical debt because the demands of the business are half-baked * So, the business brings in a consultant who says they will do everything they want, without any push-back, in half the time Sometimes a company with a competent IT department hires a bad consultant. Sometimes a company with an awful IT department hires a good consultant. Roll a dice. I pay $20 for a burger and fries all the time. Just not at McD's. Are you saying that you don't think office politics ...exists? McDonalds is run well enough that they'd never do that anyway. They'd phase in changes to adapt to market conditions. Nobody in this thread suggested it would absolve negative consequences or provide political cover if a project fails. It gives someone the political cover to make changes beyond their typical power that they knew were necessary. Many large organizations are compartmentalized into divisions that act almost as independent sub-organizations. In these organizations, someone might have plenty of clout/budget/authority to bring in a consultant in their division, but not enough clout to convince a cross-divisional decision maker without some help. For example: The President of MegaCorp North America thinks the Director of MegaCorp Widget Sales is whiny and asks for too many budget increases without a plan to the President's standard. Meanwhile, the reality is that everyone in MegaCorp Widget Sales knows they need this new piece of software. So, the Director of MegaCorp Widget Sales uses $100,000 of his existing budget to bring in some consultants to do a strategy plan for phase 1. Those consultants write up the same things that the Director and his employees have been asking for, but they put it in a shiny proposal with plenty of buzzwords. This satisfies the President sufficiently enough to award the budget increase for the phase 2 implementation project. They did. The article linked above mentions that it took them a while to convince Sony to agree to it. Also, if you run the math in the article you linked, it may suggest they paid more than list price. > core made of 1,760 Sony PlayStation 3 (PS3) consoles > the PS3s for the supercomputer's core cost about $2 million that's $1,136 per unit. Using stuff blindly from Docker Hub is a bit sketch, but it’s not a hard problem to fix. Read the dockerfile before using it, adjust if you don’t like it, and build and push to your own repo. Then run your vulnerability scans of choice on them nightly. My mother always said raising kids was a full time job. The difference today is that we measure it. I understand your point, but I'm not sure those are accurate measuring sticks, as people's expectations of housing, education, and healthcare have changed drastically since the boomers' generation. Regardless, it's easy to be an economic powerhouse when most of Asia had yet to undergo industrial revolution, and the rest of the developed world was rebuilding from war. I don't think it's surprising that wages are stagnant -- our economic output has competition now. Maybe. It all depends on which of the 14,000+ US school districts you're in. 65% of US firefighters are volunteer too -- requirements vary by state, but many do have physical and training requirements. If you're in a Fios area, Verizon's running a deal on 940/880 Mbps right now for $74.99. The average age of a new car buyer in the US is 53 years old, so maybe you're on to something... You do rarely see female firefighters. > In 2017, 77,900, or 7%, of the firefighters were female. Of the career firefighters 13,400 (4%) were female firefighters. There were 64,500 volunteer firefighters who were female, 9% of the total number of volunteer firefighters. https://www.nfpa.org/News-and-Research/Data-research-and-too... In our environment, we update way more frequently for security updates of dependencies than we do for application updates. These are usually updates to base images. A couple of gigs is not bad one time. But it's multiplicative, even without updating our application at all, we're transferring: [avg size] * [# of images] * [# of security updates] * [# of nodes] Given that we are usually able to get small images just by using slim base images, it's a no-brainier for us. No, we don't pull our hair out trying to save a meg, but we're not inheriting Ubuntu as a base image for a 1MB microservice. By using slimmer images we have fewer security updates to apply as well. Since we usually give security updates some human attention, that's fewer man-hours we have to spend on this too, which is way more expensive than bandwidth. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Browser_isolation Of course, Google suggests modifications that would hinder their competitors, but not themselves. I wonder what percentage of browsers have a first-party cookie from Google? Not sure about other older cities on the east coast, but the problem you describe is a good description of older parts of much of my city. We have a lot of dense 30’ city lots with no parking, and narrow residential streets not wide enough for parking on both sides. If people park legally, larger vehicles like emergency vehicles cannot pass. So most people park on the sidewalks in residential neighborhoods and it is tolerated. This blocks sidewalks for pedestrians and the disabled, and the sidewalk crumble, look awful, and are a hazard to walk on when cars aren’t parked on them. Back when the neighborhood was built, there was a robust transit system and everyone worked and shopped in the city center. But now, we have shopping malls, suburbs, and office parks. No longer can a person shop and work exclusively in the city center. It’s too spread out. SEO? Many people still call ANSI and Unicode art "ASCII art". This seems to be written from the point of view that the "industry" is all enterprise SaaS software or something. I don't think I'd agree with calling any of these "industry best practices". Maybe "commercial business software best practices". #2, 3, and 4 aren't really applicable to a ton of software products. There's a lot of niche software that isn't intended for the general public. There are enough laws in most places thoroughly covering these kinds of activities that you can safely assume it’s breaking at least some law in some jurisdiction. And even if you wouldn’t be in the jurisdiction that prohibits it and/or wouldn’t be extradited for it, that doesn’t technically make it legal. Eh, I wouldn't be so sure there. Not sure if Garmin OEM stuff is any different, but many factory head units only load maps signed by the manufacturer. We'd need to make "neighborhood of residence" or "commute time" a protected class... Or that will lead to minorities being legally discriminated against for living in poor neighborhoods. Not to mention, it’s not exactly clear as to who is able to make that decision. That would make sense, at least for the people paying the costs themselves. The economics change with insurance coverage. Once I hit my deductible, why do I care how expensive it is? At that point, might as well get my money’s worth out of my insurance company. The last time I need non-routine care, the only thing I cared about was: 1. Is this doctor good? 2. Is this doctor/hospital in-network? ContentID is not DMCA. It is a voluntary company policy which Youtube implemented to appease the lawyers at Viacom. You can't abuse DMCA if you never submit a DMCA takedown request. I remember playing with x10 consumer devices I bought off the shelf from radio shack 25 years ago. The tech was slow but very functional even back then. Many people do think like that, and it is likely a significant contributing factor to the cost of health insurance. I do pay for my insurance personally. Health insurance law is somewhat different than most other forms of insurance in that the premium cannot be increased no matter my frequency or magnitude of previous claims. [0] My marginal use is a merely a rounding error in the context of my health insurer's outlays. Nothing I could do would personally affect my rate. The aggregate of many thousands of people's use determines my rate, and for that, the tragedy of the commons is fully in charge. [0]: https://www.healthcare.gov/how-plans-set-your-premiums/ An edge case, with ~0 financial impact, and a functional workaround? They could fix it, but I'd be surprised if anyone decided it was worth allocating any resources towards. The closer companies squeeze just-in-time logistics to the limit, the more they are increasingly reliant on a flawless demand model. It's the biggest reason I've stopped shopping at Walmart in recent years. I can't rely on being able to go to the store and expect that everything is in stock. Let's dust off my old binomial probability skills: Assume Walmart's just-in-time demand model is accurate to the extent that 1% of items in the store were misjudged and are out of stock. Let's say I go in for a shopping trip of 30 items. I'll have a 26% chance of being disappointed that one of the items I needed was out of stock, and I'll have to go somewhere else now. Those are completely made up numbers, but it demonstrates how a seemingly small error can be a big inconvenience for someone. FedEx has various levels of service depending on what is being paid for... everything from outsourcing their final-mile delivery to white-glove courier service, and more. You can expect wildly different experiences shipping SmartPost vs Custom Critical. I've had them call me on my cellphone and offer to come to me at my office when I wasn't at home for a particularly high-dollar package. This wasn't a FedEx ground shipment though. Although I'm not sure why you can't pick up your packages at a FedEx location though. I've always been able to do that. Maybe for SmartPost you can't, but that logistically makes sense, as they might not be in possession of the package by the time it gets to your locality. IIRC, gas stations are doing it voluntarily to get lower transaction fees. If we had chip+pin, we'd be entering a pin everywhere, right? Call me old-fashioned, but I still like being able to open a bar tab. I have done this before -- but I found it to be a waste of time. The couple of times I've had a compromised card, my banks have spotted it immediately. And even if they didn't, they're fully liable for the charges by law anyway. A quick glance through my statement is good enough. The US is 4th for cars per capita. Behind San Marino, Monaco, and New Zealand. Regardless of whether it’s “affordable” to own a car, people do it anyway. Financing for vehicles in the US is very accessible. There are dealerships who advertise on the radio in my city that they cater to people with “multiple bankruptcies”, and “no drivers license”, with little to no money down. As a more extreme anecdote: I had a bad roommate in college who spent almost all of the money from his part time minimum wage job on alcohol. He routinely “bought” a car, didn’t make the payments, and when the tow truck showed up to repossess it, he just went out and “bought” another the next day. His high-risk loans didn’t have great terms, but he always had a car. Also, even with some of the lowest required insurance minimums in the developed world, the number of uninsured drivers in the US is huge. There are insurance companies that will give you insurance for a single day too... just long enough to register your car and get a license plate. Used cars are super cheap in the US too, and in most places, inspection requirements are minimal. You can buy old and ugly but running vehicles for less than a yearly bus pass in many places. I think you have common ground with many in “the club” with your comment on the sociology of the situation. I think this is a situation where the quantitative research gets most of the attention, but the root cause of the problem will be hidden deep in the qualitative research. Premeditated mass murder is not a simple crime of opportunity. There are some difficult social issues that are driving people to want to take these actions. Of course, I am giving examples of extremes. But in general, I’m just saying that cars have low barriers to obtain here, for whatever the situation may be. That situation is sometimes necessity, but not always. This is not a phenomenon that only exists in places without public transit. I also wanted to convey is that the concept of “affordable” isn’t exactly comparable across cultures, classes, and backgrounds. As you may know, cars are a status symbol in the US. My roommate in the example above absolutely considered himself able to afford a car. Even though we lived in a place with a viable bus route that would have taken him everywhere he needed to go, his car was an essential enough part of his identity, lifestyle, and status that he decided to prioritize it as he did. An entry level laptop was still ~$1000 two decades ago. https://mobile.twitter.com/akpix/status/551801976267485186 With chip+sig, yes. But I’ve never managed to be able to open a tab in a chip+pin country. That’s a pretty standard definition of what an open-box product is. Good on them for listing one product accurately? At least on eBay it’s much more common to get a picture of the actual product and there’s no inventory commingling. I thought most k12 were running stuff like Deep Freeze. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_Freeze_%28software%29 US health insurers cannot even possess genetic information for underwriting purposes. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_Information_Nondiscr... Fair, but they still can't rate my plan with that number. ACA plan premiums can only be set based on 5 factors: age, location, tobacco use, individual vs. family enrollment, and plan. There's no reason for anyone to preemptively colo their workload now in anticipation of higher prices. You can't predict the future. Just build your workloads to be cloud agnostic. If prices ever change, then you can move your workload wherever it makes sense at that time. Locking yourself into a colo architecture is just as risky as locking yourself into AWS. Amazon has a decent return policy -- but are you familiar with eBay's buyer protection? eBay has very little reservations about giving you your money back -- they just pull the money out of the sellers account anyway, they're not themselves taking a financial hit. And they have way fewer exceptions than Amazon does. They put it in Office 365, migrated over Skype For Business users, and made the starting price $0. The state of health insurance in the US would be better described as a "private social health benefit program". Insurance is effective at protecting people from uncertain financial risks, but the demands of the public have gradually changed the function of health insurance to include many things outside of that. The question was never "what functions do insurance companies do efficiently?", the question has always been "what health benefits do people deserve?". Unfortunately, these questions have different answers. I would be surprised if our neighbors don't cooperate in sharing information about border crossings. That seems like a very simple and mutually beneficial thing to do. Ignoring that this really isn't an accurate comparison of TCO or performance, this really isn't surprising to anyone who has experience working with enterprise sales. Specs alone will rarely win a sale. Intangibles still have a lot of worth in the b2b space. The US asked to put one there, offered them some assistance with security and their own terrorism problems, and they agreed. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States%E2%80%93Uzbekist... NDA enforcement is not at odds with the first amendment. Thousands of them are signed every day, and they hold up just like any other contract. > With a normal NDA, if you publish information you're not supposed to, they can go to court and prove that the information was covered by the NDA and then get an order to stop you from continuing to publish it or sue you for damages. That is exactly what happened in this instance. The court determined he did violate the agreement. The information did not need to be classified, any "mention of intelligence data or activities" was covered. The agreement outlined the damages that would be assessed -- the proceeds from the publication. https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/snowd... Son of Sam laws and prior restraint is probably not relevant here, these obligations are the result of a voluntary contract he signed. All of the case law I'm aware of surrounding those are about obligatory restrictions, not ones that were voluntarily accepted. In general, prior restraint has national security exceptions, and there's no way any sane court is going to rule that the NSA secrecy agreements aren't legal. While every carrier makes mistakes, the difference is that the USPS is legally required to deliver to you. When you don't get your USPS mail, it is a mistake, and they're required to do something about it. When some people don't get their UPS/FedEx/etc, if you call up to complain, the answer is "Oh yeah, we don't service your address. Have a nice day." Functioning governments really really need a way to physically deliver items to a person in a way that cannot be replaced by private carriers or email systems. This isn't about you getting your Amazon packages or your power bill. This is about the operational stability of basic government services. There are places in the US where UPS and FedEx do not deliver, and people live there -- people who the US government is legally required to correspond with. They cannot fulfill those obligations without the USPS. > You're thinking like a lawyer. I'm thinking like a problem solver. Yes, the reasons that the USPS is important are mainly legal reasons. Your personal frustrations with what I presume is commercial mail is not one of those reasons. You have alternatives for your commercial needs, and you are free to use them. The USPS exists because the government has needs that commercial carriers simply cannot fulfill; here's the first 3 examples I could think of: 1. A guarantee of service via direct control. The federal government directly controls the USPS board. Commercial services have no obligation to fulfill any of the government's needs, and could even be legally obligated by their fiduciary duty to deny those needs, even if they wanted to do otherwise. The needs of the government are not always profitable, often they're not. 2. Proper chain of custody. Email simply doesn't address this, and is notoriously awful at it. Commercial delivery services do this better than email, but do so voluntarily, and to their own liking (see #1). On the other hand, some USPS services like Registered Mail can be used for some types of classified documents. 3. Longstanding (and strong) legal precedent regarding its use. Mail has a ton of privilege over electronic communications. It also has privilege over commercial deliveries. As for the ability of email to reach everyone -- I think your views might be biased a bit by your experiences. https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2019/04/22/some-americ... Peanut butter and bacon sandwiches are even better You are discounting the very thing that makes it important: the fact that it is directly beholden to the law. If the government controlled the entire email system, like they do the USPS, it wouldn’t be email as you know it today. But as email stands today, it relies on the voluntary cooperation of third-parties who operate on a best-effort basis. It has no governance. That’s a show stopper, not only for the US government, but for most governments around the world. I’m not aware of any country that has found it reasonable to do as you’re suggesting. Even Estonia, which has online elections, still finds it prudent to have a national mail service. If that were the case, wouldn't Ericsson and Nokia also be on the naughty list? The US government was never primarily concerned about handsets sales or technical superiority. The primary issue has always been a concern of supply-chain governance for critical infrastructure, i.e. carriers networks. The US doesn't have any of these concerns about European 5G equipment manufacturers because they are close allies. The US has a high degree of confidence that the governments of Sweden and Finland aren't going to pressure Nokia or Ericsson to compromise the support or supply-chain of US 5G infrastructure. "Make lazy engineering lazy again." High performing appliances still exist -- you just can't get high performance by ignoring environmental concerns anymore. You are right, there are millions of apps and nobody would be able to manually review them all. The question then becomes, which error state is more acceptable for the organization? A system that occasionally misses malicious apps? Or a system that occasionally blocks a non-malicious app? Throughout all of the jobs I've ever had, I've always taken less time off at jobs I liked more. It was the jobs I hated where I always ran out of vacation time, even when they had good PTO packages. A lack of vacation can make a job shitty. But a shitty job with some vacation doesn't make it a pleasant job. There's a lot of people here stating that notes help them retain material. Maybe that works for some people, but it doesn't work for me. I find myself more likely to forget things when I write them down, especially in a meeting/lecture/discussion. Maybe it's just because my hand just doesn't go fast enough to get the information down on the page, or maybe I can't concentrate on thinking at the same time I write. They wouldn't be legal to sell in the US for a variety of reasons. Vehicle safety laws are updated pretty regularly. Off the top of my head, they probably wouldn't meet: FMVSS 126 (ESC), FMVSS 111 (rear camera), FMVSS 138 (TMPS), FMVSS 226 (occupant ejection mitigation) Although, like the beetle, you could sell them in countries with lower safety standards. I'm pretty some joint ventures in China are/were actually done with old tooling from western automakers. > Krita has all the bases covered, you only need to add these things and I can ditch GIMP/Photoshop. > The feature you are requesting is probably for Photo editing or manipulating images that are currently not in our focus. Looks like the author answered their own question as to why some people still aren't happy with the available options. After all, photo editing is what Photoshop was designed to do. I thought it already was: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2F-DItXtZs > How do software flaws in cars kill you exactly? Braking systems have been partially modulated by software for decades, i.e. ABS, TCS, ESC. Additionally, other software controlled systems can induce mechanical issues. For example, in the case of the Toyota unintended acceleration debacle, an engine at WOT typically does not produce vacuum. However, power-assisted brakes almost universally are vacuum-powered. So, if the software-controlled throttle gets stuck wide open, you lose power-assist to the brakes. https://users.ece.cmu.edu/~koopman/pubs/koopman14_toyota_ua_... Electronically controlled throttles have been on the road for over 30 years now, and became extremely common in the mid 2000s. And successful control of the vehicle depends on the vehicle's specific characteristics and the physical ability and awareness of the driver. The point being: it has killed people. A lot of review manipulation, especially the more effective manipulation, is done by humans. The reason it doesn't happen as much elsewhere is because it those are very low ROI compared to manipulating directly in the list of search results. Torque wasn't ever a top characteristic that made Mazdas fun. The last RX8 had 33 fewer lb-ft of torque than this EV, and the current Miata has 44 fewer. Mazdas have never been straight-line fast, but they have great handling dynamics. Bankruptcy is a consumer protection. It gives people buried in debt an out, and it also discourages the banking system from making predatory loans. I can’t think of any alternatives that accomplish both of these things. The average loan in the US is about the same: $29,800. The range is quite wide though. Someone attending a state university or community college with grants and/or scholarships might have zero debt, and someone attending a private school through post-grad with no financial aid might incur $250,000 in debt. Student loans being unsecured debt has nothing to do with their dischargeability. Plenty of other unsecured debt is dischargeable, like credit cards. Having a conflict of interest is a concern in many jobs. It's even more of a concern when that conflict is not disclosed, and the conflict is with a program that has a known history of incentivizing illegal behaviors. Discover and Amex debit cards exist. I was simply refuting the claim that 100% of debit purchases are Visa + MC. example.com resolves. example.com. 8367 IN A 93.184.216.34 https://www.iana.org/domains/reserved For both auto safety and pharmaceutical safety there is a large degree of consumer information disparity, information unavailability, and disincentive for the individual to protect the public interest. It takes a lot of resources to test those products, and consumers don't really have the resources to do it themselves. In some cases, insurers could possibly foot the bill (eg. IIHS), but that model still has a couple of big weaknesses: consumers may not be informed enough to parse the results, consumers might prioritize short-term needs over public health, and an insurance body may still have some incentives working against public benefit. Things like truck under-ride guards likely wouldn't be on commercial trucks if they weren't regulated. Consumers aren't going to all voluntarily coordinate to buy vehicles which have crash-compatible bumper heights. Antibiotic misuse would be even more out of control if it weren't regulated. Mexico is a good example for road regulations. They do not have the same crash regulations as the US, and many old model vehicles are still legal for sale there. Things like the 1950's VW Beetle were still sold there into the 2000s. They have the highest death rate per distance traveled in the world. The EMI resilience is one of the big reasons why it's used for automotive applications. Many (all?) CAN standards transmit on redundant copper, in opposing polarities, making it really easy to identify a signal vs noise. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAN_bus#/media/File:CAN-Bus-fr... It's like a one-wire serial signal, but redundant. Wonder how/if this correlates with current trends of newer generations preferring to move from suburbs back to cities. Maybe it is becoming more advantageous to renovate an older home in the city than to build new in a suburb? A broken or missing keyfob likely won't even impact a vehicle's trade-in value. The vehicle will go to auction, and it will be sold by an independent dealer with one set of keys, or they'll pick up a used keyfob on a secondary market for $50 and re-pair the set. It hasn't. It looks like the US peaked in 2009 and has had a tiny (~5%) decline since then. https://www.fdic.gov/bank/analytical/quarterly/2015-vol9-1/f... > optimal i.e., there is something in it for them. It doesn't have to be a tangible thing, it could be a simple as self-satisfaction. 5hz sounds pretty good as far as e-ink goes. Most e-ink displays measure refresh rate in seconds rather than hertz. I think it is a fine answer, albeit incomplete. Many of those robust projects you mention are supported by contracts which do guarantee some work is being done. If you’d like some guarantees of quality, you are free to negotiate a contract with the maintainers for those guarantees. Think of MIT’s warranty disclaimer as the “free tier” of service. You'd want to compare watt-hours for an equal comparison of energy for batteries of different voltages. 38Wh is fairly small for a laptop battery. The real value in certs is from a business partnership perspective. It's a measurable way to coerce your business partners into RTFM for your product.... and collect a bit of revenue as their operation scales. I think too many people think certs are for them . Rarely are companies going out of their way to build a certification program for your personal benefit. I think they're proposing that Henderson's lack of California-flavor gun-control hasn't caused it to be unsafe. Jacksonville, Fort Worth, etc... If you're storing for a longer term, what about a small self-storage unit? Senators don't run city governments, though. It seems easier just to remove the boot. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CrL5tqFczPE Binding arbitration doesn't mean you don't have recourse. It means the recourse is arbitration. Universality is not a defining characteristic of censorship. Most censors have very limited scope. That smell is from natural causes, not chemicals from fracking. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sulfur_water I know they (at least used to) use some results from Yandex I would guess that many major figures in their own jurisdictions of fame could probably find enough organic support, given some strategic organization. DNT is counterproductive from a technical perspective. The more bits of entropy you give trackers, the easier you are to track. Those who abuse it the most will just move to a jurisdiction where it is allowed. Or they'll do it anyway, since many of the worst threats on the internet are already criminal. On the internet, technical solutions > legal solutions. We don't have many, and the few we do are pretty new, but several of the roundabouts near me in the US work like this. > There are clearly some things that are economically viable as a criminal enterprise, but I don't think tracking people for ad targeting purposes is one of those things. True, most illicit ads tend to be non-targeted. But some criminals do things like blackmail, fraud, espionage, etc. using tracking data. > Moving to a different jurisdiction is impossible as your customers (the advertisers) and the sites/apps where ads are placed would still be breaking the law. That all depends on the specific business model, business partners, and their presence. Regardless, what I describe is not conjecture, many companies are shuffling around data to avoid GDPR rather than comply. https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2018/apr/19/facebook-... A different company without a physical presence or business partner in the jurisdiction in question, might have little to no incentive to follow the law. In the end, even if companies are breaking the law, or even if they are fined, your data won't be protected unless they actually change their behavior as a result. Calculated non-compliance is a commonplace strategy for corporate legal compliance. For sure, mass marketers prefer quantity to quality. Google/Facebook are not doing anything particularly novel in the realm of what is possible, nothing more than is needed to get accurate enough across a large number of users. It's the more targeted uses of fingerprinting and data collection that are scary. If you're a person with lots of money or influence, there's already someone out there who is specifically trying to collect data about you in particular. Those people and organizations are looking at the data in much more detail than mass marketers. Who suggested bio weapon? Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity. I definitely think some of the effects falls into “if you have the option, you might exercise upon it” effect. The US makes it easier for people to own a car as a non-primary form of transportation than much of Europe. Taxes, licensing, insurance, fuel, and used vehicle prices are all comparatively cheaper, and parking spaces are more abundant. Germany for example, requires more than 550 times the amount of automobile bodily injury insurance than my state here in the US. Pretty sure I wouldn’t be able to afford to have a car just sitting around for occasional use if I lived there. They also have legal requirements for ownership which go way way beyond what most of the US does. I think part of their car culture can be attributed to self-selection bias. Many are primary transportation for lower income people. But it's also not uncommon in some circles in the US to have a 'beater car', as an alternative to their typical transportation. The person you're replying to is quoting another comment above and I am guessing they might not agree with the legal connotation the word carriers. Security and usability is always a compromise. Otherwise we'd all use one-time pads for everything on the internet. PTFE is non-toxic. Health concerns are about production byproducts and thermal decomposition. The pans I recently bought came with warning about proper temperature ranges. FWIW, William-Sonoma says theirs do too: https://blog.williams-sonoma.com/is-nonstick-safe/ I’d bet most people don’t read the directions for their pan, and if they do, they’re probably not measuring the temperature of their pan during use. They’re probably just trying not to burn their butter or smoke their oil, which happens around 200c anyway. And you might have another reason to worry about that food fried at 200c+: many foods cooked at high temperatures themselves form carcinogenic substances. I don’t even think you can get similar insurance in the US. The highest liability limits I’ve ever seen offered in the US are still more than an order of magnitude lower than Germany’s minimums. (And I specifically look, because I always max out my liability limits) Kubernetes isn’t just a way to deploy your apps, though. It’s also doing a ton of orchestration that many people just simply weren’t even doing before, or they had a human at a keyboard doing it. There’s a lot of value in that. All of the package and deployment stuff is moving very quickly because the variety of organizations using k8s is quickly growing and using it for new use cases. Things like application distribution was never a focus of Borg, because google doesn’t really distribute applications. Most do. Some upper-middle do not. Because it is a nice luxury to never have to wait on someone else to be done in the bathroom. This is further amplified because our bathrooms customarily have more functions that tie them up, as we don’t use separate water closets. My front-loader in the US uses about the same as yours. Top loaders were popular in the US for a long time, and they generally fill all the way up. They don’t get dirty as quickly when they aren’t used as frequently. Usually in high-bathroom-count houses, there are the “main” bathroom(s) and some bathrooms are mainly just used in the instance that the primary choice is occupied. Like when you really gotta take a leak but people are getting ready in the morning and bathrooms are in high demand. A persons baseline of expectations is often formed through their own experience, especially when it’s not a topic of high interest. Americans don’t turn the water off in the middle of a shower. I should have used past tense. I have heard the newer high efficiency ones don’t fill up all the way, but the older and cheaper models I had absolutely did. Yes, currently. Right now it’s probably around 50/50. There are still many people who prefer the lower price and familiar design. I usually just step out of the stream of water. I could, but with water at a penny per gallon, and natural gas at a couple dollars per million BTU, it’s a cheap luxury. Sometimes I’m not sure how much of our habits can be attributed to cheap utility prices and how much can be attributed to differences in environmental opinion. Either way, this thread reminds me of this: https://youtu.be/oCDW_TSZjVg Right, and all of those low-efficiency units had to cover the clothes in water because they only agitated horizontally. Whereas my front loader agitates vertically and lifts the clothes in and out of a smaller amount of water. Dual-flush toilets have become widely available on the US market in the past 10 years. https://www.homedepot.com/p/100676582 Because the US traditionally consolidated WC/baths, there was only one room, and people found it more polite to call it the bathroom. Needing to 'use the bathroom' then became a catch all for any function that might happen in there. But when we started building some without bathing accommodations, the customary terminology didn't go away. Everyone already understood that 'going to the bathroom' really meant using the toilet. So, the term 'bathroom' stuck. I think that the people who don't like standups, are the people who have never been a part of one that works well. This isn't surprising, because most don't work well. There are two critical things that a leader must do to run an effective standup: 1. You must have a leader who is willing to enforce the rules in order to effectively extract the right information to support managerial tasks (and not arbitrarily, but through team buy-in), and 2. They must be willing and able to understand most of the technical intricacies of the tasks taking place. In my experience, most organizations' standups are run by people who fail at one or both of these. Maybe they'll put in a PM who enforces the rules, but doesn't understand (or doesn't care to understand) the tasks the developers are doing with enough detail to be an effective facilitator. They act as a note-taker, letting the developers manage themselves ad-hoc, and don't ask questions unless someone specifically brings up a blocker. This can work with a team 100% full of self-starters who are comfortable with asking hard questions of each other, but that's your only hope. Or on the opposite side of the spectrum, you have organizations that put more senior developers in that role. Then, you often end up going down design rabbit holes until you've run out of time, and you never end up doing the tasks that you actually needed to do: planning everyone's time effectively, and recording/communicating progress so that stakeholders expectations are correctly managed. In both of those failure cases, you end up failing to deliver a quality product on time and/or fail to communicate expectations to stakeholders. In the first case, you made a plan, but it wasn't a full picture. In the second failure case, you had all of the right tasks figured out, but you failed to plan and communicate it. I disagree. Most new ideas implemented in the workplace come with generational learning curves, even when history has shown them to be good ideas. This is just a cyclical skills gap. Few people running software projects have formal study that spans both management and software. Many have neither , in my experience. Sure, formal study is not a requirement for good performance, it sure helps to get everyone in an organization on the same page. After watching a few of these, I think many of the scammers are not very tech savvy, but are simply following directions they have been given. Some of them are very easily fooled by Kitboga's tricks. I'm not familiar with Indian law, but I am guessing that fraud is illegal there. Websites telling you that your computer is broken will load just as well on mobile Safari as they do on desktop Safari. I've clicked a search result link that has redirected to them before on iOS myself. Maybe if the scammer's script absolutely insists you use remote-desktop you might get lucky, but scammers can still scam without remoting in to your computer. That's not really a solution when the scammers are either picking random VOIP numbers out of a hat or spoofing them. That's still a tough issue. Ever since we had phones that could move around, phone numbers weren't linked to physical location. Should my Skype For Business VoIP number change when I'm on client site in a different location? Bankruptcy is still a life of luxury compared to prison. Heck, I've worked with a lot of developers who would fall into the same camp. Not at all, that sounds like the most ideal candidate possible for bankruptcy. The situation you describe would likely be a "no-asset" chapter 7, where the person filing doesn't have to surrender any assets. The majority of chapter 7 cases are. The worst part of the process would be getting together the few hundred bucks you need for the lawyers fees. Wuhan is coincidental. It's a very large city, more populous than any city in the US. Lots of things happen there. Then by all means, collaborate. But don't lie to get grant money. > There are comparisons being drawn between doing science and waging war. Why do you think the DoD funds grants? "several hundred thousand" per year is a less than the $750,000 that China was willing to pay according to the article. I'm aware that they do. I'm suggesting that the answer to "why?" India might want to address the issue is because their own legal system also prohibits fraud, and is not simply a concession to foreign interests. While being literally abducted is definitely a conflict of interest that might concern a grantor, I do believe many grantors may have legitimate concerns below that threshold. You’d have to ask the original author for clarification on what their argument is. My interpretation of the argument is that labor markets are heavily driven by economic incentive. I can’t say I’ve seen much data to the contrary. There are people in the thousand talents program in other large Chinese cities, and some of them are under investigation by US authorities too Fingerprinting across devices is possible too, using things like behavioral analytics, network traffic, timing, third-party data sources etc. The third party data sources is the easy one. Log into service A on your computer and service A on your phone. Service A fingerprints both and sells the data to service B. Now service B knows how to correlate your behavior between devices even though you never logged in. I’m sure you’ve logged in something on both your phone and computer. It doesn’t have to be Facebook. One pixel is usually enough to pass input validation. Traditional corporations in the US are legally required to maximize shareholder profit. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dodge_v._Ford_Motor_Co . A PBC is allowed (but not required) to make decisions that benefit the public but might not be beneficial for shareholders. For daily business, sure, a lot of public benefit can be justified monetarily. Of course, there are exceptions, and a PBC would be allowed greater ability to choose. As I understand, another big benefit is the ability to use public benefit as a protection from hostile takeovers from companies that might undermine the PBC's social mission. PBCs are corporations. Partnerships (at least in the US) are not corporations and work very differently. I was summarizing in as plain of English as I could in a single sentence. Also from that page: > This case is frequently cited as support for the idea that corporate law requires boards of directors to maximize shareholder wealth. [...] > However, others [...] found that it was an accurate statement of the law, in that "corporate officers and directors have a duty to manage the corporation for the purpose of maximizing profits for the benefit of shareholders" is a default legal rule ... or 'jill'? 'Opioids' is a pretty wide category though. I don't think something like a short-term prescription for low dose codeine/acetaminophen cough syrup is really a big deal. Stuff like that can even be over the counter in a lot of developed countries. Those 'just in case' scripts are usually combined medications that are short enough in duration that they don't pose much risk of dependency. I see them while navigating. I tried navigating to some rural US locations and I see them all the way through the route. There's no accurate alternative. Different people often experience different pain responses to the same condition/procedure. I'm excited for wireguard, but I'm not going to use it in production until the authors advise that it's ready for production. The authors say that their current version(s): > should not be considered real releases and they may contain security quirks (which would not be eligible for CVEs, since this is pre-release snapshot software) I figure they know better than I do. I can only make informed decisions based on the information I have. I don't have the time or expertise to personally audit every piece of code I use. I have to leverage the available resources and evidence that others have put forward. Known weaknesses are actionable. Unknown weaknesses are not. > US and Five Eyes countries following US are banning Huawei for strategic reasons, not for technical reasons. Telecom infrastructure is strategic industry and US want's to prevent Chinese getting ahead. Despite the current president's personal crusades, this is not about US protectionism. Companies in the US wouldn't benefit from a ban on Huawei equipment anyway, it would be Finland and Sweden who do. Supply chain trust has always been a primary concern of any kind of critical resource/infrastructure defensive strategy. Every time a country relies on another for a critical ongoing need, it introduces an inherent power imbalance that the supplying country can use as a leverage. This kind of stuff is centuries-old geopolitical strategy, and it's still in the news every day when we're talking about energy, food, minerals, etc. (e.g. Russian pipelines) Why is communications infrastructure any different? It's not. The nationality of the worker-bees is completely irrelevant when they don't show up because of sanctions or a shift in corporate policies. The supply chain for one of these products consists of more than hardware manufacturing. You’ve got software, support, maintenance, governance, etc. The hardware is the easier part to account for, it’s both physical and a constant. No matter how powerful a nation-state is, it would still be infinitely easier for them to exploit a known CVE by sanctioning a patch than it would be to find a zero day chain that works. Also, it would afford them the additional political benefit of deniability in their attack. It looks like it's actually required by law. https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/2331 >If, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, an agency creates a website that is intended for use by the public or conducts a redesign of an existing legacy website that is intended for use by the public, the agency shall ensure to the greatest extent practicable that the website is mobile friendly. YouTube "manual claims" are not DMCA claims. You can follow these instructions here to file one -- the process does not include filing a DMCA request: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/9374251?hl=en&ref_... I've actually done it, for a purpose unrelated to this topic. Although if you're trying to circumvent something in the kernel, using a Docker container isn't going to work. Docker containers share the host kernel. Doesn't look like a "small technical violation" to me. There's clearly a bunch of stairs in the photo. If businesses only had to pay the actual provable amount of damages caused by non-compliance, few businesses would find it remotely worthwhile to comply. That's why the ADA allows for more. >ADA has a purpose. However, it should be limited to corporations above a certain revenue The ADA accounts for this by saying that existing properties only need to remove barriers if "readily achievable". One of the factors that go into determining if that is the case is: > The overall financial resources of the site or sites involved in the action; the number of persons employed at the site; the effect on expenses and resources; Although, the ADA doesn't give you that out if you've made modifications to the property... which could very well be the case here, since this business didn't even exist until long after the ADA was in full force. I'm not sure any comparable open source enterprise ERPs even exist. They almost all target small and medium businesses. Enterprise ERPs are gigantic pieces of software. Then there's the issue of expecting a widget-factory to become experts in their own ERP implementation. When a pharmaceutical company makes some opioids that kill people, it's my mom and her 401(k) account that should be liable? And this will reduce inequality? Not sure I'm buying that one. Investors don't have enough information about daily operations to make those decisions accurately. You'd just end up making it too risky to invest in anything, and our economy as a whole would suffer. The way to ensure safety is through regulation and regulatory enforcement, not by relying on everybody's grandpa to thoroughly vet the safety practices of Exxon before reallocating his IRA. Seems like a pretty inert material, definitely a good candidate for being in a landfill vs. alternatives. I would say it's a bigger environmental issue that: > In the European Union, which strictly regulates material that can go into landfills, some blades are burned in kilns that create cement or in power plants. But their energy content is weak and uneven and the burning fiberglass emits pollutants. A turbine blade that hasn't been burned releases even fewer emissions. She didn't realize any profit if she still holds the stock. But that technicality aside, we already do hold her liable, but only to the amount of her investment. The point of my comment is, why would increasing her liability (from the amount of her investment, to everything she owns) decrease inequality? HIPAA data is not immune to a data leak... not even the organization that wrote those guidelines are immune: https://www.deccanchronicle.com/technology/in-other-news/201... There's tons of PHI on the internet. Your local hospital's online medical chart, your insurance companies bill-pay, etc... I've never had a 401(k) where I couldn't get a prospectus for a fund that I'm invested in. And I've had some shitty 401(k)s using "reader view" in my browser and then refreshing works for me. Yikes. This is a serious safety issue. Imagine if this wasn’t an EV, and someone started a car while in the new owner’s garage. You're more likely to survive now, but it's definitely nowhere near an impossibility. There are tons of stories in the news on a regular basis of people who left their cars running accidentally and died of CO poisoning, mostly elderly who likely didn't realize they left it running. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/05/13/business/deadly-convenien... Also, catalytic converters don't actually work until they're at operating temperatures. https://www.abe.iastate.edu/extension-and-outreach/carbon-mo... With machines that do both, like this: http://rbrua3v80lj2rulsf7iqfnpmf.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-... They also have national IDs, which simplifies the situation. Some of them even have compulsory national IDs, obviously that changes the dynamics of the situation entirely. And they also don't have the 24th amendment. I would bet the number of voters who are disenfranchised there is > 0 Other studies have shown that happiness does not increase with income after the point at which people can afford to be comfortable. Consider Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs: income can help you with several parts of the hierarchy, but it cannot buy all of them. If you are thinking about this highly-cited study, that is not what they concluded https://www.pnas.org/content/107/38/16489 > We infer that beyond about $75,000/y, there is no improvement whatever in any of the three measures of emotional well-being. Although, even if we assume your assertion is true, it's a distinction without a difference in the context of the above thread. Simple. Measure the latency, and then correct for it! > When a user connects to www.time.gov on a computer or mobile device, the Javascript in the client's browser checks the local clock on the device and then requests the time from a NIST server, which has been synchronized with UTC(NIST). When the packets containing the NIST time stamp arrive at the client's browser, the device clock is checked again and compared to the first check of the local clock. The result is a measurement the round-trip delay of requesting/receiving the time stamp. https://www.nist.gov/pml/time-and-frequency-division/about-t... I've occasionally found them helpful for less mainstream stuff where there's a lack of quality resources. The 'failure mode' for a lazy text tutorial is that important details are left out. The 'failure mode' for a lazy video tutorial is that they didn't edit anything out. That's for sure. Those new small boost packs are using LiPos which are about 10x the power density of the old boost packs that were lead acid. > For one, the government can't compel you to do work. That's slavery. That may be your personal opinion, but legally speaking, it is not true in any sense. I'm just taking issue with the quoted claim at face value, outside of the context. Consider for example, the legality of jury duty, conscription, subpoenas, taxation, traffic stops, etc. Government-compelled actions are common and legal. And that is with US manufacturers operating under a court system that is much more friendly to potentially challenging those demands. The ideal strategy for an adversary is to not implement the backdoor while you have still front-door access and people are watching. Then you get 100% deniability. You wait to implement it until you think you're about to lose front-door access. actually, it's root/admin for this device: http://manuals.zedt.eu/Huawei%20HG8245%20backdoor%20and%20re... China could simply embargo Huawei support contracts and leave a bunch of network equipment with unpatched CVEs