Hmm. I took a look at the code and was disappointed to see it's using the Coinbase API. Hardly decentralised. Unfortunately it's hard to replace with direct usage of the P2P network because it relies on sending money to an email address: i.e. a trusted third party has to hold the money until the recipient picks it up. What if they never pick it up? What if they don't actually want bitcoins? It seems to me like a decentralised solution would be easy to code up, if only we add an additional requirement: someone who wants a payout should put a Bitcoin address into the pull request or commit description. Then BitHub would be able to make payouts directly from its own wallet with no Coinbase dependency, and a committer has to opt-in to receiving the funds. I might take a look at coding this up soon. BitHub is Java so using bitcoinj and XChange would be very easy. The entire setup was a sham from the start. The reason HSBC didn't deny everything is because publicly being fined and saying nothing about it was the condition on avoiding prosecution. Remember, the PATRIOT Act can give bankers 20 year jail sentences even if they did not know what was happening . Jailing innocent people from crimes committed by basically random other people is absurd and yet that is what Congress has put in place. If your choice, as a banker, was to piss off a government hell-bent on making you a scapegoat and risk going in front of a jury of poor people who hate bankers, charged of violating a law it's impossible not to violate, and which carries a 20 year jail sentence, you would agree to a deal as well. The US allegations were ridiculous anyway. They claimed HSBC "knew" there was money laundering taking place merely because money was moving from Mexico to America. I'm sure HSBC execs, having read newspapers and watched TV, were quite confident there was drug money in that stream. This is quite different to knowing precise account numbers of drug cartels with a high degree of certainty. I don't recall the latter being alleged, however. Whether a country is "high risk" or not is not some well defined standard, it's an entirely subjective opinion. The US Government might have liked to consider Mexico high risk, but they aren't the ones who have to do all the investigative work on every transaction. If you look at the FATF-GATI (international AML org) recommendations, they have their own list of which countries are "high risk" (and Mexico has not been on it lately, as far as I recall). What the USG is saying here is they think HSBC should have been treating internal HSBC-to-HSBC transfers as high risk and reviewing them all. But this doesn't make much sense for a single company. The lack of it certainly cannot be equated to a deliberate "disabling" of controls. With respect to the repair queue, this is due to America's insane approach to sanctions - a transfer from country A to country B where there are no sanctions on B in A, that happens to get routed via a US bank, would have sanctions applied, despite that no laws were being violated by either party to the transaction. In order to work around this brain damage EU banks routinely edited ("repaired") wire transfers to avoid hitting the Great Firewall of America, safe in the knowledge that they were not violating any sanctions laws where they lived. Later, the US decided that jurisdiction was such a bothersome concept they decided that anyone who made a transfer to Iran, anywhere, regardless of local laws at the time, was guilty of money laundering. See also: Standard Charter. I don't think people here seem to realise the general backstory here. The US Government lies all the time . They routinely get innocent people to plead guilty without any kind of trial by threatening them with absurdly over-harsh penalties. The HSBC case is a classic example of this dynamic in action. Which is correct behaviour and what governments all ask banks to do, believe it or not. It's called the "risk based approach" in the AML jargon. The problem with AML laws is that they are so vague, it's impossible to ever really be sure you're in compliance. They turn banks into a privatised police force. How much effort should they make? Governments won't tell. They just say "be sensible about it". Banks hate this, as would you in their position, they want clarity about what to do, but governments don't want to give them a list of boxes to tick because they feel it'd be too slow and inflexible to keep up with criminals. See the problem? Banks invest VAST sums in AML compliance. They develop automated software to spot suspicious transactions, they have massive internal compliance departments, they ID verify all their customers. It's a huge, huge drain (which is passed on to all of us, of course). But how much is enough? As far as the Justice Department is concerned, there can never be enough. Whilst criminals exist, it must mean failures of compliance by banks. DOJ did not drop it because they are too lazy. They were chomping at the bit to prosecute. Go read up on the background to this. DOJ dropped it because the Treasury panicked and got into a massive fight with them. Treasury is responsible for AML laws and know full well how stupid they are - they became very scared that actually enforcing the laws Congress had passed to their full extent would trigger another financial crisis due to an exodus of trained staff. What DOJ wanted to do quite literally is jail CEOs in America for crimes committed by drug dealers in Mexico regardless of whether or not they knew anything about it . If they had succeeded, just imagine the impact that would have had on the finance industry. Under that standard, every single banker in the world would be a criminal facing jail time. Many of them would try to get out of banking as fast as possible, and banks couldn't easily survive massive simultaneous exits of senior staff. No, you keep saying this. There is NO consensus that Mexico is high risk. In fact the consensus is that it isn't. Go look at this list: http://www.fatf-gafi.org/topics/high-riskandnon-cooperativej... The FATF (Financial Action Task Force) co-ordinates AML regulations around the world. Note that Mexico is not on the list. Nor has it been there for a long time. What's more, HSBC classified Mexico as standard risk but this did not override account level risk markers, it just meant they were not attempting to manually investigate every single wire transfer in or out of Mexico, an impossibly vast job. Wire traffic between US and Mexico is vastly larger than between, say, US and Algeria. HSBC did not do anything wrong here. Hmm I've found the latest versions to already start up very fast. What are you comparing against currently? I use command line tools written in Java all the time and don't really notice it. MPS is really amazing (or crazy, depending on your perspective). It's been in development for years and is perhaps best described an IDE for building languages and IDEs. So there's a structural/projectionally edited language for defining structurally/projectionally edited languages (yes really), another one for type systems, another one for converting such languages into other languages. Eventually things compile down to Java (textually) so you can use all the standard libraries and so on. There are even languages for defining IntelliSense style IDE features. The main problem with these kinds of things is the incredibly sharp learning curve. It's more of a learning wall, really. It's a lot of effort to learn, and then it turns out that it's really hard to get in the mindset of defining new languages to solve problems, even when it's been made a lot easier than using yacc/lex/writing your own compiler backend/etc. I never really found a use for it, but I keep it filed away in the back of my mind in case one day I do. But before UNIX there was Symbolics, and Symbolics failed in the market whereas UNIX succeeded. That's not an "exploit", that's just how all these services work. For a large service there really isn't a good way to implement private set intersection as would be required for this - all the techniques that might work are deep into academic-paper-only territory, forget about finding a convenient open source implementation lying around on github, let alone a mature one. The other one, bulk registration of accounts, is also not an exploit using any conventional definition of the word. I spent years fighting bulk account signup abuse at Google. When we failed it was not an exploit in our system, because that implies you can provide some kind of cast-iron security guarantees on par with cryptography; you can't, all you can do is rate limit and try to detect bogus accounts. It's like finding a way to send spam and calling it an exploit. The poor crypto is disappointing but hardly unique: the field of crypto in general has given people poor tools to work with. Things like NaCL are barely known where as lower level primitives are supported out of the box by basically every OS/platform out there, with little or no guidance on the best way to use them. Why would you do that vs just writing a normal downloadable app? It's got nothing to do with fraud checks. Transfers take days because banks largely run on mainframes programmed in the 1970s. Because of the (by todays standards) peculiar designs those machines had, the bulk of the work is done at night in batch jobs. The vast size and complexity of the software, combined with archaic platforms, their business-critical nature, and almost total absence of competition means that banks don't upgrade to more modern systems unless forced (see the UK same day payments initiative). Then the banking network is not a perfectly connected system so sometimes payments must be routed via intermediate banks. That's why it can end up taking days. It isn't designed to deflate. That's a common misconception: http://bitcoin.org/en/faq#wont-bitcoin-fall-in-a-deflationar... The two cannot really be unentwined, especially not now. Which of the four "requirements" are precise enough to realistically be laws? They appear to boil down to opinions of some random people on a committee, that's why they contain language like "Google did not do enough" - well, what would be enough? Every single Google account holder was emailed in the runup to the change and there were banners on all the websites for weeks or longer, if I remember correctly. The notification effort was huge. One of the points of the new Google privacy policy was to be simple and unified, so you actually could read it. Before that there was a different policy for each service, and they were often long, which practically guaranteed nobody could read them all. CNIL doesn't even deny that the new policy was a good thing but they levied a fine anyway! Script is not mentioned at all in the Bitcoin white paper. Perhaps you are thinking of a comment he made elsewhere. Bear in mind that in the Bitcoin design it's not just miners who have to run scripts, it's all nodes, yet fees accrue only to the miners. Bitcoin does use fees to try and make computationally expensive transactions financially expensive as well, but that's just a basic antiflood mechanism, the fees don't actually get collected by those doing the work. Doesn't work for me unfortunately, I see no textures and a lot of errors like this: WebGL: INVALID_VALUE: texImage2D: width or height out of range [.WebGLRenderingContext]RENDER WARNING: texture bound to texture unit 0 is not renderable. It maybe non-power-of-2 and have incompatible texture filtering or is not 'texture complete' This is on a retina MacBook Pro. I guess there's some hw incompatibility there. Chrome 32. Globe texture shows up in Firefox though it's a little choppy. Other feedback: I suspect there aren't really tons of transactions being relayed out of costa rica - is this possibly the origin point on your globe model or something? Are you filtering out transactions with no geocodable IP? Really cool visualisation anyway. Like it! The whole point of Bitcoin is that you don't need to trust third parties with your money. Pointing out that people who choose to give their coins to a third party might lose them seems trivial - yes, financial institutions collapse (if you can call something like flexcoin an institution), and yes, regulation and deposit insurance can help address that. Who was arguing otherwise? The arguments for Bitcoin are that you don't / shouldn't need anything like Flexcoin in the first place. Apparently though, some people end up buying Bitcoins and then not storing them in their own wallets, ensuring they get the worst of all worlds - no low-trust technology and no government bailouts. Their money is in banks. The existing financial system is much better at protecting peoples money from extortion and kidnapping than Bitcoin is: you can either request money in cash (and get arrested the moment you try and pick it up), or you can request a wire transfer to an account you had to give a passport to open up and where the transactions can be rolled back at any time. The fear is that it's not actually safe to be rich in Bitcoin at the moment. In theory, this can be resolved through the use of tamper-resistant secure hardware (like the chips used in credit cards): you put your bitcoins under the control of such a device and then it's programmed to only allow small "cash" withdrawals to unauthenticated addresses, and it does risk analysis and requires authenticated addresses for everything else. But no such devices exist yet. HTML5 was supposed to be the answer when the iPhone 1 was first announced. It still sucks many years later. Draw your own conclusions .... I think the issue is not so much that a scary adversary could simultaneously hack Twitter, GitHub, etc - that seems hard. The real problem is that all these services will, in the default configuration (no 2-factor auth), perform password resets via your email account. Thus if you succeed in hacking someone's mail account you can take control of their other accounts and go ahead and verify a new keybase profile. Unfortunately there's no way to know externally if someone uses 2-factor, so it's hard to judge how meaningful a Keybase profile really is. The mitigating factors here are: 1) Most "good" services at least those used by the tech geek community do support 2SV these days, which would raise the bar somewhat for people who use it, although I suspect several of those services will still unlock 2SV for you if you say you lost your second factor and know enough about the account (Google does). 2) Someone would obviously notice that their passwords had all been reset and could sound the alarm. But in practice, I think this feels like not much different to just verifying ownership of an email address, which is what CA's already do (and there are PGP CA's if you don't want to use X.509). Comodo will do it for free, it's integrated with the browser via the HTML5 keygen tag, and it takes just a couple of minutes. Are you suggesting US law requires companies to aggressively try and poach each others staff? That would be remarkable and amazing if so. What if you aren't particularly interested in staffing a large recruiting division, and don't cold-call anyone? What if you think cold-calling is like spam and just feel it's not something your company should do? Do you get in trouble for holding down wages? Er, did you read the email? Brin explicitly says they have people working on Firefox and were thinking of making a modified version of it, but hadn't made the final call yet. Venmo is unavailable outside the USA (or at least, it's not available in my area). Splitwise appears to be just a web2.0 accounting type app? I didn't see any mention of actually moving money around. Bitcoin isn't actually that great for splitting bills at the moment because wallets don't have Splitwise type features. But in theory once added it should be quite convenient, assuming you can tolerate the usual Bitcoin downsides. I think you're right that currently there's not a whole lot of incentive for people to use Bitcoin in the USA, especially for local transactions. But the system is still very new. It's hard to know how things will work out in future. All we do know is that the payments market, especially the American payments market, is extremely stagnant. The USA is stuck in a timewarp from most of the worlds perspective despite a proliferation of little startups that try and do something hip with magstripe cards. I mean, this is a country where people still routinely use cheques. So it may well be that Bitcoin, as it matures and adds features, finds a way to be competitive against credit cards, especially now the rules forbidding price differentials are being struck down. The IRS decision is a problem for sure, but it's also specific to one geography. The UK tax authority decided the same thing (Bitcoin is not a currency) and then changed their mind shortly afterwards. Bitcoin quite clearly IS currency by any reasonable definition that doesn't boil down to "a currency is whatever the government says a currency is", and so hopefully at some point the IRS decision would be changed in favour of common sense. Why don't you just .... use Bitcoin Core. Or bitcoinj, or any API that doesn't rely on third party infrastructure? The OP was complaining that blockchain.info has outages (which it does), so there's one reason. But more generally, the whole point of Bitcoin is you don't have to rely on trusted third parties. You might as well say, "the bank can't really try to gamble with your money, it'd ruin its business". But it happens! Now block explorer sites can't gamble with your money, but they can do plenty of other things. The assumption that they won't do problematic things because it'd hurt their business is just as weak. E.g. what happens if they start charging you fees? But more generally I wonder why people are doing this. If your app really needs indexed access to the entire block chain, you probably designed it wrong. If your app doesn't, then you could as well use local software. In Java 8 the JVM knows how to compile AES straight through to AES-NI invocations, so the CPU itself is doing the hardware accelerated crypto (in constant time). It's not necessarily the case that higher level languages have to be unsafer: especially not on something like a server where the overhead of JIT compilers get amortized out. I wrote an article called, "Why you think the PKI sucks but can't do any better" that goes over every single proposed alternative to it and explains why none of them work: https://medium.com/p/d04ea6a2c771 It's also got links to various security usability studies that are required reading for anyone who cares about this space. tl;dr - the article is dumb, heartbleed doesn't even have anything to do with X.509. Yes, that's because browsers don't want to put security of hundreds of millions of users in the hands of any Joe Random that asks for it. Running a CA is expensive because they are held to very high standards. You need to have your root keys inside an HSM, you need to have multiple people on your board who can access those keys, you need to set policies for certificate issuance that meet the CA/B requirements, you need to run OCSP servers, you need to be audited by a third party to verify you're actually following all those rules, all those things take money so then you need billing and charging people money implies you need support. In future you may need to take part in the CT audit logging system as well. Taking out any of these things and you'd be left with something that is significantly worse. That's why it costs money to be a CA _that browsers trust_. Of course if you want to be a CA that doesn't care about browsers, that's like three lines of code at the command line. This does not mean that the CA system is broken. There's a huge middle ground between "anyone can do it for free" and "totalitarian oligopoly". $1M to start a business is not that high compared to many other businesses. And if it was discovered, that CA would be revoked at huge cost and a ton of people would be very unhappy. Does the US Govt care? Maybe ... there are no references to such a root key seizure in any of his docs so far. Or maybe not. Just lots of talk about stealing private keys directly from the original holders. But who can really know? Suffice it to say there are attackers in this world other than the NSA. In this case, "them coming" just means a consumer boycott, at worst. It is in absolutely no way comparable to goons dragging people off to death chambers and you demean this debate by implying it is. Oh please. You cannot "launder money" with Starbucks gift cards unless you use a completely ridiculous definition of the term (which occasionally you find over-enthusiastic regulators doing, but that is no excuse). How is that discount funded though? I mean, who is paying the other 10%? They don't maintain it properly today. Go look at bugzilla, there are quite a few new feature patches from Google that just never get reviewed, let alone merged. Smartcard support is pretty important for a lot of people. If Chrome drops that feature, that would be a huge shame. That's not how money laundering works. Let's say you start out with drug money. You would like to get this money into the banking system so you can use it to buy a house. This is a standard money laundering problem. If you turn up at the bank with bags full of cash, the bank will ask where you got that money from, and lots of proof that it was legitimate. They will also file paperwork with the government stating that you made suspicious transactions, or they might just deny you entirely. Obviously, you can't say "I got this money selling drugs" so you need a plausible explanation - this is what money launderers do. So you take your drug money and buy lots of gift cards. Then you resell them at a discount. What you get back is .... cash (or bitcoins which are essentially digital cash). So the bank asks you the same questions. Your explanation is, "I got this money selling gift cards at a loss". This does not hold water, will not be accepted by the bank and thus does not solve your problem, or even take a step towards solving your problem. OK. Thanks for cheap drinks, I guess, but what's in it for you? I mean, how long do you plan to keep this up? A legitimate business being abused by carders is not money laundering either. If that was the case every single online store in existence would be guilty of money laundering. I've heard stories of some businesses that have seen 30-40% fraud rates on card transactions at times. Breaking instant payments doesn't make Bitcoin more secure, it just makes it less useful. The model generalises to probabilistic rewriting of the block chain, there's nothing special about confirmed vs unconfirmed. Bitcoin assumes the majority of hash power obeys the rules. At the moment, nobody knows how to build a system in which the majority of all players are dishonest and colluding against you, and Bitcoin is definitely not such a system. People who think it can be trivially evolved into such a system need a reality check: the more miners become dishonest and don't play by the rules, the less useful Bitcoin becomes. It doesn't take 51% to make it practically useless either. You're the guy who created it, aren't you? Double spends are not currently "very viable", as indicated by the fact that they were not happening and accepting instant payment is the standard. This is objective reality, not something you can argue away. A different world being theoretically possible does not translate into it magically happening with no effort. You are making an effort to change our happy situation for your own profit, in other words, to make Bitcoin less useful over the long run to benefit yourself in the short run. I can't tell if you're motivated by greed or a particularly poorly thought out world view. Also, why are you claiming this is somehow specific to unconfirmed transactions? Corrupt miners can also rewrite the block chain. If you get paid enough and have enough hash power, why not see if you can overtake the chain head? So don't claim it's somehow specific to unconfirmed transactions. It isn't. Bitcoin fundamentally assumes that the majority of mining power is "honest", defined to mean following the rules laid down by Satoshi in the core software. You can see this by simply reading the white paper: "The system is secure as long as honest nodes collectively control more CPU power than any cooperating group of attacker nodes." (last sentence, first page) You are attempting to bribe miners to become "dishonest" and "attack the network" in Satoshi's language. If enough people did what you suggest, the system's fundamental assumption would be invalidated and the entire network would break. If merely a small number of people do it, it just makes the system unreliable, untrustworthy and pushes people towards centralised fixes like payment processors that levy higher fees, trusted third parties that prevent double spending, secure hardware, etc. All things that increase Bitcoin's costs and reduce its competitiveness vs regular banking. Doing this doesn't help anyone or prove any point, it just adds sand into an otherwise useful system by increasing transaction costs. tl;dr you are like a kid kicking down someone's sandcastle on a beach, then saying "they should have been guarding it better, anyone could have done what i did!". There are no patches for it. Bitcoin is a system that is woefully misunderstood by many people. It is not a honey badger. It is at heart a system that takes a positive view on humanity. It's a system built on the assumption that the majority of players are honest and stick to the rules. In a world in which most people think long term and don't spend all their time trying to stab each other in the back, this works. But is humanity really that way? Or does society require a small number of rulers keeping the ruled in line? Every day that Bitcoin works well, the answer shifts towards "no, decentralisation of power can work". And if BitUndo gathers significant hash power, the answer shifts more towards "yes, decentralised solutions can't work if they rely on an honest majority". If you read the literature, distributed systems very commonly require some kind of honest majority, if only because the definition of "honest" needs to be set by something. There isn't really a way to make Bitcoin work in a world where most other players are colluding against you. Come on Gregory. You don't need to provide citations for reality. Just go and spend some Bitcoins into the economy, then tell me how many sellers required 6 confirmations. I don't remember the last time anyone required me to wait except for exchanges. I think people involved with it over the long term have always said that it's a risky experiment that might fail. Bitcoin resembles a sandcastle far more than a honey badger, that's for sure. "Honesty" is defined to mean "following the rules". The first seen rule is a part of that set. BitUndo isn't attempting to fork the chain today, but they certainly could - it's a simple extension of their model. Double spending for a fee doesn't really care whether a tx is unconfirmed or not, it simply alters the price charged. Security isn't a binary yes/no thing and double-spending-for-a-fee does not require unconfirmed transactions. Confirmed txns can be replaced too, it just costs more. He's talking about something called the PBL (policy blocklist). The idea is it contains IP ranges that aren't "supposed" to send mail, like consumer ADSL ranges. People who want to send mail from home directly are supposed to do so via their ISPs SMTP servers, which may be configured to relay but only from IPs the ISP controls. At least in theory this shields who you're talking to, somewhat. But I think a radical rethink like Pond is perhaps a better way forward: https://pond.imperialviolet.org/ DigiNotar got revoked partly because they got hacked, but mostly because they had zero acceptable followup. There was no good enough postmortem describing their mistakes and how they would correct them, and they also engaged in a coverup. Browser makers do not engage in instant execution of any CA that makes a mistake, because CA's are run by humans and to err is human. What they insist on is coming clean when mistakes are made, and steps taken ASAP to restore confidence, like publishing a real post mortem and making business changes to ensure the same mistake can't happen again. Do you have any plans to release the code you have so far? Seems it'd be a fairly big effort to catch up with where you got to so far, especially the live editor. Great. Is there some way we can find out when you release it? Not all checked exceptions are bad. The main problem is that the core Java libraries tend to use them too aggressively and now of course cannot be changed. You really have to be sure that the caller MUST handle a particular occurrence and anything else is a bug to make an exception checked. But, I do find it helps me feel more confident in my code. Everyone hates writing error handling code, but at least with checked exceptions you can see whether it's been done properly or not. But in Java 8 for the times when I want to disable it, I just use the following code: public interface UncheckedRun { public T run() throws Throwable; } public interface UncheckedRunnable { public void run() throws Throwable; } public static T unchecked(UncheckedRun run) { try { return run.run(); } catch (Throwable throwable) { throw new RuntimeException(throwable); } } public static void uncheck(UncheckedRunnable run) { try { run.run(); } catch (Throwable throwable) { throw new RuntimeException(throwable); } } public static void ignoreAndLog(UncheckedRunnable runnable) { try { runnable.run(); } catch (Throwable t) { log.error("Ignoring error", t); } } Then you can write Foo result = unchecked(() -> getAndMaybeThrow(a, b)); I'm looking a lot at Kotlin. It's not mature yet: JetBrains will start using it this summer for their own projects and I expect it to firm up a lot then. The nice thing about Kotlin is almost perfect compatibility with Java, and an auto-translator that doesn't suck. So you can take an existing Java codebase and auto translate class by class, maintaining compilability the whole time. Also the standard library is mostly a set of extensions to the JDK so your existing library knowledge ports across, except you keep finding useful goodies sprinkled all over the place. Feature-wise Kotlin has things that I feel would help me write fewer bugs: it has null-safety encoded into the type system, smart casts, extension methods, some good functional programming support, powerful properties and so on. There are features it lacks too, but I hope JetBrains will continue to push it forward for many years. Putting in place measures to avoid being screwed over by Washington's control of payments infrastructure is not "moving to turn Russia into another China". It's being smart and pragmatic. Visa and MasterCard have been working in Russia for years, apparently unmolested judging from their joint market share. Now they are being turned into weapons by US politicians .... again. This is a huge, massive trend in US politics: seizing control of power points in the financial system and squeezing them as part of proxy wars against people, countries or classes of businesses they don't like (see Operation Choke Point). As someone in Europe, I don't see this as Russia becoming communist. I see it as Putin standing up for his country and I wish the EU would do the same, instead of allowing SWIFT to be turned into a tool of the US Treasury. "The world" probably doesn't care about punishing Russia. That's the sort of thing that makes Republicans hard but the average guy on the street has bigger things to worry about. Certainly, westerners being told they can't go on holiday to Russia or buy Russian made software or other things is not going to suddenly make the people in east Ukraine decide they actually love the unelected government they got landed with. Due process is a concept that applies (or is supposed to apply) to governments. It does not apply to private financial services companies. Politicians have realised this and are now aggressively and vigorously violating it by stepping outside the regular judicial system and simply scaring banks/card companies into stopping business with anyone said politicians don't like. It wasn't Russia that started this trend. It was America. As opposed to the stagnant duopoly VISA/MasterCard, who routinely manage to find ways to stiff their merchants with fines, fees and who are deeply in bed with US politicians? As opposed to PayPal that routinely seizes funds for no reason at all? What kind of corruption are you afraid of, that the world doesn't already have to deal with? The same way the USA has been taking control of the rest of the financial system. They say to American VISA/MC executives, "we require any transactions processed by your subsidiary to comply with US sanctions, or else we're going to tell the whole world that you're a bunch of financial terrorists and throw you in jail". Then the US executives say, OK, then we won't process payments in Russia. And then Russia says .... Games are not "using plugins" today. They are either shipped as console games on DVDs/BluRays, or as native apps you download and run either for PC/Mac/tablet OS's. asm.js is a bizarre hack. You're sending someone assembly code for a CPU that doesn't exist, as text . It would have been far superior to just figure out CPU family specific sandboxes as NaCL did, and then accept that only two CPU architectures matter these days: x86 and ARM. If you can sandbox both, you're done and if someone wants to invent some super-duper new ISA they can damn well make code easily sandboxed when they design it. Maven has a lot of jargon. I also found it confusing when I started. POMS, artifacts, plugins, reactors etc ... heck I still find Maven confusing and unintuitive sometimes. Their docs are awful: typical failure mode for software that's in love with the idea of plugins. The Gmail frontend is Java. The backend (mail routing, spam filtering, virus checking and parts of storage etc) is C++. I wouldn't read too much into that. Google Engineering has huge budgets and all kinds of random projects get paid for with no better justification than "this is good for the web, therefore it's good for us". I worked there for years. Seeing really deep, well thought out business plans there was a rarity especially for small projects like hosting web fonts or running DNS resolvers. Heck, even for very large projects sometimes the accounting was unbelievably carefree. All major mail providers already use sophisticated reputation systems. The difficulty of calculating global reputations for the entire internet, quickly and with statistically meaningful results is one of the reasons email consolidates under the control of a handful of big companies. You really don't want to try and replicate that on your own. Source: I was part of the Gmail spam/abuse team for several years. Email that you delete from Gmail (once it falls out of the trash) IS deleted permanently after a while. It's not immediate because it has to wait for backups to cycle around and rewrite old storage, but it does happen. Why do search engines provide no context? That seems remarkably arbitrary. This notion that it's right and proper for information to be theoretically available in some technical sense, but it's bad that it be actually findable and usable, is absurd. No need for it to be hypothetical - exactly this is happening in the Bitcoin world right now. Someone got elected to the board of the Bitcoin Foundation and once the election was over, people bothered to search for his name (oddly not before?) and discovered he has murky allegations that he was found in a house that had lots of child porn and guns, but it all happened a long time ago and there were no charges filed. So: exactly that situation. Now people are resigning from the Foundation because of that history. The situation obviously really sucks for the guy in question, but is making that information hard to find really the fix? I doubt it - eventually someone would have discovered anyway, and then attempting to get it removed from search engines would merely "seal the deal" in the minds of some people. The problem is not access to information. It's that too many people in our society can't handle this new found power, to discover or read things people did long ago. Look at how people repeat things Mark Zuckerberg said a decade ago as if he couldn't possibly have changed since he was a university student. That's not a problem with search engines or the subjects: it's a problem with all of us. It's not your data, just because it's about you. In this case the article in question was published by a newspaper, in fact due to legal requirement. So the law here is totally messed up. It says the data must be published, but must not be findable. A farce. I don't think they're on the side of the citizens. Consider that the EU was A-OK with all personal financial data being shipped to the US Treasury department, despite that it clearly violated basically every privacy law on the books. Now consider that EU countries are all falling over themselves to agree to FATCA, despite that it also violates privacy laws which say banks aren't allowed to send client data abroad. Their "solution" is that instead of banks directly sending data to the USA, first it gets sent to the local government, and then the local government sends it to the USA. See, because governments don't have to follow their own laws. Great, isn't it. So far the EU's "standing up for the citizen" amounts to selling everyone out to the Americans, and breaking the setting in my browser that says I don't want to be bugged every time a site sets a cookie. They broke my browser! And .... now this. The EU needs to get the hell away from the internet before they screw it up even more .... Yes, that's pretty much how it is. Don't believe it if you like, but you won't convince me: I was there in some of these meetings, I read the design docs, I watched these sorts of projects get approved. They just give this stuff away because they're swimming in money and it's a place run by geeks. But the data about Mr Gonazalez was true. So a search engine that filtered for veracity would not have solved his "problem". This isn't about context or truth or people's feelings being hurt by bad things being said about them. This whole episode is just bizarre. There's a statement of fact about him, in a newspaper, and it comes up when you search his name. Apparently he did nothing else of note (except this court case) so what else should be displayed? Nothing? What's the point of a search engine that doesn't give you factually correct and relevant results? It's popular because SEPA transfers are really cheap, compared to paying with credit cards. Last time I paid with SOFORT I noticed that they hadn't committed the wire transfer. KLM issued me with my flight tickets, but the wire transfer was sitting in the outbox and could have been cancelled. Not sure what happens if I cancel a payment like that - does the merchant get notified and cancel the flight tickets too? Actually Cinavia is an interesting example of trying to close the analog hole. You can point a camcorder at your screen and record a movie, but if you try and play that recording back on a fancy TV or BluRay player, it still won't work because the audio track has encoded instructions in it saying "expect an encrypted/DRMd media stream". If the player sees the content expects to be DRMd, it silences the audio after about 20 minutes. I think "BitTorrent Sync" already provides a shared folder that works this way, does it not? I guess it could be integrated into the app, but often if you can share a link you can also just share a file. For the serverless case I guess pledgers and project owners will often not be online at the same time anyway. Hi, I'm the author. Thanks for your interest! If you'd like to follow the project, you can sign up for email updates on vinumeris.com (they will be quite rare so don't worry about being spammed). Once launched, I plan to host a curated collection of projects for upgrades to Bitcoin and related software. In fact Lighthouse is partly software I'm writing for my own company, because that's how I would like to make money - by implementing open source upgrades and raising the funds to pay for it through per-project assurance contracts. As mentioned in the other replies, obviously a decentralised solution can't have any central curation built in, but people are free to run their own curated collections of projects if they like. Often though, it won't be necessary, because the creator of the project already has a good reputation and the reputation of an aggregator is inconsequential. In other cases, the entire notion of curation may be irrelevant. Consider micro assurance contracts like someone who wants to rent out a house with a pool and organise a big party with friends there, but only if enough friends commit to going for the party to be fun. This would not be allowed on Kickstarter, but Lighthouse lets you do it by simply attaching the contract file to the announcement email. Replies can have the pledges attached (you can drag the pledges right out of the app into an email compose window). So this is the kind of ultra light weight contract that might be possible in future, when you have a totally decentralised solution. It watermarks into the audio track and is by all accounts incredibly sophisticated and robust. Pirates have been trying to destroy the watermarks for years and all they achieved is making the soundtrack unlistenable. For bypassing the software verification, it can be made quite hard although it's kind of irrelevant today because it only became mandatory (via BluRay Consortium "regulations") in 2012. So there are still lots of players around that don't do it and this will be the case for the forseeable future. Verance is doing a big push to get it into TVs and other things but I'm not sure how successful they are being. The technology works without a doubt but of course when you add up licensing costs, etc, it's not always necessarily a win. What are people "pointing out" exactly? This is a ridiculous argument. If you don't care about what Google's view of the internet looks like, then ignore them, and ignore any emails from people asking you to change things on your site for them. Done. Simple. This issue crops up because people usually do care what Google's view of the internet is and would like to help make it better. Marking links as nofollow and so on is entirely optional: only people who want useful search engines do it, and others don't care. Now now, I think you're the one being disingenuous. Google's algorithm is not "everyone elses problem". If someone doesn't care about what appears on search result pages, they can just ignore everything search engines say: all their guidelines, all their advice, just chuck it out the window. Your website will still work fine. This blog does not indicate some fundamental breaking of the web. It indicates a guy got a random email from a random website, that he is free to ignore if he wants (and in fact should ignore, because the webmasters in question don't even need to contact him, they can use the disavow tool). No work to do? No problem! Whatever the NSA say, the opposite is true. Whatever Snowden has provided, has been found true. Come on. Wake up. They crossed every single line so far anyone can imagine. Of course they're doing industrial espionage. Is it even EMV that has issues? This attack rather assumes a bad RNG. No doubt some hardware with bad RNGs exist, but this would cause problems for any crypto system. It's not like EMV is somehow uniquely vulnerable to bad RNGs when other systems using cryptography aren't. The slides are in the video broadcast by Fantastico: http://g1.globo.com/fantastico/noticia/2013/09/nsa-documents... > You really are pushing your own version of events there aren't you? You mean, unlike you? Ye gods. He was not offered a lawyer by any traditional meaning of the phrase. He was offered a stooge selected by the very same people interrogating him and implying he might be a terrorist. When he asked for his own lawyer, that's when he was refused, rather shooting a hole in the idea that he would have been given good representation if he'd gone with the so generous British offer. > We are so illiberal we voluntarily reduce our legislative powers. These powers were reduced because of the overwhelming evidence that they were being abused: like by detaining people involved in journalism using powers intended for terrorism. Don't try and spin this as the UK being so awesome and democratic. We passed a stupid law that was repeatedly abused by people living in some kind of reality distortion field, and that's why the powers had to be reduced - despite the natural inclinations of many Tories. > Are you seriously suggesting that the United Kingdom should not stop and detain foreign nationals who are carrying our Top Secret data and then relieve them of that data? Whaa? Yes, of course he's seriously suggesting that. Your post speaks volumes about how disconnected you seem to have become from basic common sense. Miranda was working on data that had already been leaked to multiple journalists around the world and was going to go public no matter what. This fact was already public at the time. You can't "take back" information that was deliberately leaked to multiple journalists - at that point under any sensible set of rules the information would cease to be classified, because you can't classify something that's public knowledge. I'm blown away that you find the British government's oafish response a "masterpiece". Let's see what it achieved, shall we? * Nothing of value was obtained from Miranda. * It triggered international outcry from journalists around the globe, making Britain look stupid and illiberal on the world stage. * It pissed off Miranda's partner who then prioritised GCHQ related information for release. * It confirmed what most people already suspected or knew: that the British intelligence apparatus will happily classify anyone as a terrorist if it suits them, regardless of how dangerous they actually are (in this case: not at all). * It means in future journalists working on stories that might embarrass the British government will simply avoid British airports, resulting in the same media coverage with the added bonus that it looks like the UK doesn't care about freedom of the press. Positive outcomes? None as far as I can tell. Some masterpiece! Regulations on financial institutions break down into several categories: 1) Identifying operators and users, so if fraud happens, the right people can be found and held accountable 2) Requiring paperwork documenting what is happening, again, so if there is a fraud of some kind it can be detected and the responsible parties found 3) Actually trying to prevent fraud, usually this means mandatory audits of some kind I can't point you to what rules govern a currency exchange in Japan exactly, but the above is how it usually seems to break down. Gox was AFAIK never audited. How much of a paper trail exists is unclear. The relevant people's identities are known, however. One other thing I think we should clear up: these rules are usually pretty vague and general. It's not like regulation is something that people opt into or out of depending on their personal preferences. Whatever regulations applied to exchanges and markets in Japan would likely have also applied to Mt Gox. The problem with trying to argue that the fix is "regulation" in the abstract is "regulation" isn't some singular silver bullet. It's a big pile of rules and people who try to enforce those rules, but often those rules aren't doing what you think they're doing, or they exist to allow punishment rather than prevention, or they're somewhat theoretical because they aren't reliably enforced. This is why lots of people would dearly love to find a way to build a decentralised exchange: in theory it could be more reliable than a regulated institution. Yeah? Really? And what happens if that common person goes on to later become famous for some reason? Does all the info about their drunk prom night reappear the moment the first newspaper story about them is published? The distinction between someone of public interest and someone who isn't is entirely arbitrary and open to endless debate. What happens when people start disputing that they're famous enough to no longer meet this standard? Historically it results in giant and expensive court fights, which puts people off from trying this - almost by definition, if you're rich enough to waste money on arguing you're not in the public interest, then you are in the public interest. But making Google do this means unless they charge lawyer like bills, suddenly everyone has an incentive to argue they're not important. Given the disaster this is likely to inflict on search results if scaled up, and the fact that it's not required in America, do you really think they'll make the whole global search engine work this way? Or do you think they'll do the same thing as done in every other case where some stupid country requires censorship: block based on domain name or IP address? Historically, for Europe it's been done via domain name. Doing it via IP address would not be any more effective though: there'd immediately be dozens of proxy sites set up running in the US that simply forward the search to the US Google and return the results. Short of building an equivalent to the Chinese Great Firewall and blocking all encrypted traffic, or forcing Google to apply European cenorship globally, there's no way to stop Europeans who want regular results pages from getting them. DuckDuckGo is primarily a Bing frontend, no? I seem to recall that they claim to be a real search engine and have their own crawler, but any time someone analyses their results deeply they're almost always identical to Bing. Given that Microsoft has a large EU presence and is presumably also affected by this law, perhaps they will have to start doing the same thing as Google. Which would then automatically feed through to DuckDuckGo. I don't believe there are any competitive startup search engines at the moment. However, this doesn't mean there would never be. Plus this ruling is so vague it's likely to impact all kinds of companies that are not startups: think specialised social networks, etc. I live in Europe, was born in Britain, and I think this is a bad ruling that makes the EU look like a bad joke. Laws that can only be enforced by building a massive system of internet censorship akin to China's are indeed "doing it wrong". Happy now? If it's really just irrelevant clutter why not ignore it and let Google decide how best to hide it? That's their job, right? But is it really better than @Nullable? But why do you think the ruling works that way? The justification for suppressing information is that someone isn't in the public interest, the canonical example being a politician that wants to cover up past corruption scandals. Everyone seems to agree that this is a case where data wouldn't get filtered. But if someone is thinking about becoming a politician, uses their current obscurity to delete the data from a search engine, and then goes on to run in an election, isn't this exactly when we should want to see all that is on the internet about them? So it makes sense that the information would come back. Your proposed solution to this is that everyone should have to effectively give up modern technology in this case and hope that some journalist, somehow, without any modern tools, finds all the relevant information despite governments helping this person bury it. Why would we give up powerful tools like this? How is that not a Luddite strategy? I don't see any way this ruling (I hesitate to call it a law because it doesn't seem to be connected to any actual law that anyone knew about) can be applied in any kind of consistent or useful manner. It WILL turn into a giant fight over who is or is not worthy of being censored or not, with lots of people bending over backwards to argue that they aren't really in the public interest. As presumably there are punishments and fines for not censoring enough data, but there's no punishment for censoring too much, this will inevitably hurt not only ordinary everyday people but also democracy itself. Assuming that nobody screws up and assigns null to an Optional return result/variable instead of Optional.empty(), or calls Optional.get() without remembering to check ... in other words, it's very much like @Nullable when using a compiler that understands it, except it causes problems with overloading and reflection as noted above due to generics type erasure. If you want code that won't compile due to @Nullable violations I think the Checker framework can give you that, or you can use an IDE that flags violations like IntelliJ and just treat any static analysis warning in that category like a compile failure for your own purposes. The nice think about nullity annotations is that the newest JVM languages like Ceylon and Kotlin are building nullity into their type systems, so if you annotate an API in this way, code written in these new languages will know automatically that the reference can be null and the compiler won't let you access it at all until you tested or asserted away the nullness. The upgrade path for Kotlin especially is looking like it could be quite strong, so I think I'll be sticking with @Nullable for now in the hope that later on we get "real" type system integration via newer languages. But haven't you just been assuming that anyone who is against this ruling is American? But you're going to be indexed in such a database whether you like it or not because several European countries are already busy building such databases via their intelligence agencies, and the ones that can't afford it have all been striking deals with the ones that can to get access to it. This "right to be forgotten" conveniently does not seem to apply to governments, only search engines. So from a democratic perspective it's lose/lose. What about the right of the employer to know who they're about to employ? If someone claims to be an expert in a certain area which you need but are not yourself an expert in, it would be very useful to be able to search their name and discover that things they wrote about the topic have been discredited. It'd be even more useful if you could find unflattering opinions about them written by their peers: perhaps it avoids a very long and messy employment of someone who will then be difficult to fire, but who doesn't know what they're doing, potentially crippling your business. The guy you're looking at would probably love to make the criticism of his work unfindable whilst simultaneously leaving behind the bits that make him look good. But why should he have that right? Employers have needs too. For what it's worth I quite agree that the existing framework for getting things removed from the internet (by going to the source) works well enough, but that's not what the court has now created. Hmm, if I understood that code it could be written like this: Session s; if ((s = request.getSession(false) != null) return ImmutableMap.of(....); else throw new IllegalStateException(); Maybe I'm weird but I find the old fashioned version far easier to read than the new form. I hope they don't. Go seems like a mediocre language at best: in no way obviously better than Java. Given that they already forked the JVM and added lots of custom class libraries, I'd rather they just forked Java properly and renamed it instead, or switched to another JVM compatible language. Go would have no benefits at all. Eh? Music industry sales have dropped off a cliff starting around the year 2000. It's been a bloodbath, they're now at something like a third of what they once were: http://static5.businessinsider.com/image/4d5ea3314bd7c8600a0... Do you think people listen to a third of the music they listened to ten years ago? No way! The GPL is not preventing content restrictions, it's adding quite complicated restrictions on what can be done with the code. The justification is to try and make more software GPLd in future but the means is additional restriction. And guess what? The justification for copyright is to ensure more content is created in future, and the means is restrictions on the created content. Just like the GPL. Trying to claim they're somehow different is a very weak sort of argument. Lots of people in developing countries have access to cheap Android smart phones but no computer these days. Fortunately that's all you need to use Bitcoin. Given that M-PESA is run by a telephone company, is it the traditional financial industry or not? It can be argued both ways. SafariCom effectively runs a bank, but it is nonetheless primarily a technology company. > I think you're a bit arrogant for assuming they give a fuck what you write to your girlfriend on iMessages. This statement is nonsensical, because we know now that recording and reading what we write to our girlfriends on iMessage is exactly what they are doing. Indeed GCHQ have watched so many webcam chats amongst random people they can tell us how many are pornographic to three significant digits of accuracy. This is very much the definition of "giving a fuck". Given that the premise of your post is incorrect, I wonder why you hold the opinions you do. TLS all the time on these big websites is a very recent phenomenon, only being activated in the past couple of years. What's more, GCHQ were tapping internal traffic between Google datacenters which wasn't encrypted until Snowden, so TLS between customer and web server only slowed them down. I suspect nowadays they're finding it much harder, but in these documents they're being asked to explain their pre-existing policies which were developed when TLS and internal encryption were much less widely used. Ex-Google engineer here. The way Google does things is indeed very rare, your experience at Microsoft is more typical. Note that the path Google chose isn't easy! As the codebase got larger and larger they had to basically design and build their own build system, a distributed unit testing engine, custom code refactoring and hyperlinking tools, do major IDE modifications to Eclipse to make projects even loadable, eventually even build their own version control system because no other VCS scaled to the sizes and speeds they needed. They invested a TON of time and gold into allowing a single codebase to scale like that; it's practical if you're sitting on a hosepipe of money and you can hire brilliant engineers then assign them to build tools, but it's probably not practical for most companies despite that the resulting environment was quite pleasant. That said, although the codebase was remarkably consistent, there were still variations. The most notorious was the split between the C++ and Java codebase. Some frameworks were written in c++ and bound into Java using things like SWIG. Others were bound using cross-process RPCs. A lot of smaller libraries were simply written and maintained twice. The culture was different too. Some Java codebases were way over the top of excessive abstraction and use of dependency injection, making them an absolute nightmare to understand or debug for newcomers. Others were simpler and more understandable (typically the older ones). The C++ side felt much more light weight, but on the other hand, it was largely stuck in the 90s, with memory management being entirely manual even in cases where conservative GC could probably have helped avoid mistakes. When I left C++11 was in the process of being whitelisted one feature at a time. The biggest problem with the culture I had at the time I left (and was one reason I decided to pack my bags after 7.5 years there), was that basic tasks were becoming more and more bureaucratic. Often this was due to poorly designed processes put in place in a panic after some PR disaster around privacy or data handling, like Street View or Buzz. Sometimes it was just because some engineer needed to redesign a widely used system in order to prove they were being "impactful" and get promoted even though it wasn't really broken. There was a running joke there that there were two versions of every tool, the deprecated one and the one that didn't work yet. It started out as a lighthearted take on the companies rapid progress and by the end unfortunately just reflected a sad reality. As an illustrative example, around the time I started to step back, one member of my team had spent on the order of 6-8 weeks attempting to simply download a file via HTTP in production, from our own servers (was a self test). This task involved filling out forms, arguing with the owners of the HTTP download service (the old one didn't require this process but was deprecated), discovering that the new version was hopelessly buggy and was breaking random products for end users without anyone on those teams noticing, etc. This is a task that could be accomplished in two minutes with a random Linux VPS and "wget" but turned into an epic struggle against a Kafkaesque corporate disaster zone. The problem was not that one team was poorly performing though: the problem was the company had lost the ability to pre-emptively catch this or even recognise that there was a problem. Most team members were happy to just collect a paycheque each day; if they got paid for filling out forms justifying why they needed the "fast reliable" HTTP download service instead of the "slow unreliable" service, why worry? Best not to rock the boat. ... or try to solve them. Sure about that? Try browsing http://forum.dlang.org/ Especially if you're in Europe (I get a ping time of 24 msec from Switzerland), the pages load nearly instantly. It's actually the sort of thing that you notice and go "whoa" it's so fast. Yet there's nothing special about it. It's just a regular web server, written in D, that serves pages really fast (probably out of cache). If you use HTTP caching and compression appropriately, and keep your design light, there's no particular reason you need to use Javascript to speed things up. Can you show me a link for that? I'd be interested in reading about it. What I've read is that a lot of people on disability benefits (higher than jobseekers allowance) were in fact just fine and when properly re-examined magically stopped being disabled. However, that assumes the review assessment was more reliable than the old one. I'd be interested in data showing whether it is or isn't. Greece and Portugal barely qualify for being developed. Greece in particular is basically a third world country that sits on Europe's doorstep. They got into the eurozone through gross fraud and manipulation of their own economic statistics, then borrowed money at German rates for years to enjoy a first-world standard of living. But the fundamentals in Greece were not first world at all. One memorable quote I saw in an article about this was, "We imported flat screen TV's and exported tomatoes". What's happening in Greece is basically the huge pain of reality reasserting itself. Greece is more like a poor Asian or African country; enormous corruption, largely unskilled workforce, rampant tax evasion, no real industries to speak of outside shipping, huge imbalance of payments and so on. Portugal is in much the same boat. It's "developed" in a sense, but like Greece up until very recently was actually a military dictatorship of the like you'd expect to see in the developing world. It's not developed in the same way Germany is. With respect to the others, Ireland and Spain are indeed first world nations, suffering very badly thanks to the financial crisis. Ireland took on its banks debts and became poor in the process. Spain had a huge construction bubble. France, well, OK .... ;) If you want to compare individual EU countries with something, compare them against individual US states, which also vary widely in terms of how well they do economically. Seems this story is relevant: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/atos-quietly-d... The part about Atos wanting to pull out because of death threats against its staff is particularly nasty. It uses a custom protocol. IMAP support in Gmail is there only for interop, if you stick to Google's software it's not used at any point. ISIS routinely use Twitter to publish stuff. I don't personally think that's a problem, but I expect that's what she's talking about. Functionality isn't normally being moved there, it's being added and apps take advantage of that. If you look at the dividing line between proprietary and open source stuff coming out of Google, the usual deciding factor is whether it relies on their (proprietary) server side components to operate. Google is all about the cloud so a lot of useful stuff does rely on that. In Play services we see things like Maps (needs the servers), Wallet and in-app billing (needs the servers), G+ (needs the servers), multiplayer gaming (you get the idea), GDrive, ads, cloud messaging etc. There's one or two things in there that maybe don't rely on the cloud (I don't know enough about Cast to say) but that's mostly it. So if you find all your apps are relying on Google Play Services what it really means is that the bar has simply been raised, and now people expect apps that deeply integrate with services provided by huge, expensive datacenters. Ideally Play Services would be a shim that different providers could satisfy. It isn't, but Android has lots of support for building such things like intent resolution, so if a realistic competitor emerged and developers cared enough to support it, the OS would certainly help them. Great idea! It would make sense to define a high level yet minimalist type system, a large standard library, and a CPU independent bytecode format that many languages and compilers could target. They could then add to that basic type system as they wished whilst still retaining interoperability. We could call the infrastructure that makes this possible ... a virtual machine: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_JVM_languages Any reference in Java can be null, as is the case in most languages. So developers only check the ones they know "could" be null, in normal operation. If you only distribute your app via the Play Store, attempting to access it will never fail, thus there's no more point in checking for null pointers than there is in checking the result of String.split: it will never fail, short of something wacky and unexpected like a broken JVM. Probably not. The article does admit this in fairness. It says the primary reasons you might want to do this are not trusting Google (but most people have had pretty reasonable experiences with them, especially considering the price), concern over a future management change (a very real concern but one that's very distant and hard to anticipate at the moment), and concern over governments and criminal enterprises. Governments, it seems, take what they want anyway regardless of whether you use Google or not. If what you want is legal protection then indeed there is no reason. Signatures vended by timestamping authorities are good enough for all uses I can think of unless you absolutely need decentralisation, in which case paying $10 to this company defeats the point. To get this service for free, just print your document to PDF, grab the free Adobe Reader, go to settings, signatures, click "Configure timestamping", then add a TSA server like: http://timestamp.comodoca.com/rfc3161 or http://tsa.swisssign.net or one of many others that are available. Then click "Work with certificates" in the sidebar and then Timestamp document. As long as you can convince a judge that these are neutral third parties (very easy to do and there is much precedent) this should be satisfactory. Or you could timestamp into the block chain, but then be prepared to spend a lot of time explaining to a confused judge why it's valid. You're right, a judge is not going to want to master the details of the technology, which is why trying to explain it would just yield confusion and annoyance. Ultimately it matters when there's a dispute over the integrity of the timestamp. Even if in theory a judge could verify a block chain timestamp for themselves, they won't ever do this, they'd just say "go find an expert witness you can both agree on" and then the judge would assume the neutrality of the expert witness based on their credentials. You always end up back at the neutral third party no matter what, whether it's a TSA or someone who is interpreting the block chain. That's not to say block chains are useless for timestamping, far from it. But for the specific case of timestamping traditional documents in case of a civil legal dispute, you may as well use the fast, instant, widely used, well integrated and free option instead of paying a $10 fee to use Bitcoin. One thing I noticed about the Kotlin design and design discussions is that "that wouldn't be auto completable fast" comes up quite often. I had never thought about it before but it makes sense that language design choices can impact the speed of an IDE. I am starting to think that it also makes a lot of sense for language designers to have IDE development experience. I wish they'd hurry up and release a stable Kotlin. Why? They're just tools. Code completion is probably more important than a lot of the rather minor syntax sugar features in many languages. The general assumption in both the public mind and law is that anonymous == criminal, because of the "if you've got nothing to hide you've got nothing to fear" argument. The long term downward trend in the trustedness of institutions has been steadily undermining this argument which is why, I think, things like Tor exist at all, but public attitudes change slowly. In the case of Tor, it's slower / less convenient than usual browsing and is otherwise the same except for being more anonymous. So it's very easy to plant the idea in people's minds that there's no point in using it unless you're up to no good. And the Tor project doesn't really help here - they talk about the legitimate uses on their website but don't point to concrete examples (iirc), e.g. they say the military use it, but provide no real evidence of that. I think actually the UK child porn censors use it as well because it's a source of free proxies and child porn hosting sites know their IP addresses and block them, which is a pretty funny story, but this was mentioned in some talk and I don't think it's on their website. To make things worse, the internet itself is rapidly converging on the consensus that Tor isn't worth it. Witness the widespread blocking of exit nodes that occurs these days. Tor is losing the argument not just in court but elsewhere too. IMHO running Tor exits will not become less dangerous any time soon unless Tor finds a way to significantly boost "obviously legit" usage. For that they'd need to provide a Tor browser that isn't geared towards the total-anonymity-or-die crowd. VPN services like HotSpot Shield absolutely dominate Tor in terms of usage because they're much easier t use and don't do stuff like disable Flash and constantly wipe cookies, which makes them much more popular for people trying to evade national censorship but not treat the destination service as hostile. They're just screenshots to make the TV show more interesting. They're obviously not showing the entire source on air. If they claim to have the entire source code of XKeyScore and knowing that Snowden accessed so much, why should we doubt them? I think encryption will remain a better way of jamming XKeyScore for the forseeable future. I think they are intending to start seriously using it in production at JetBrains this summer (i.e. now) with a 1.0 stable end of the year? Such a system is unworkable. Where are the profits "made" exactly? You can have sales tax, but governments already do that and they aren't satisfied. The reason taxing a person's income is (relatively) easy is because you can't split a person up. Just count the number of days they spend in a country, if it goes over a certain level then they are resident for tax purposes and away you go. America ignores this of course with citizen based taxation a.k.a. modern slavery but in all the other civilised countries that's how it works. Now consider Google. A German user goes to YouTube and sees an advert. Is this money made in Germany? Or was it made in America, where the software was developed? Or in America and Switzerland because there's a YouTube team in Switzerland too? Or was it made in Finland where the request was actually processed? Or was it made in Canada because that's where the advertiser is? Or was it made in Ireland because the advertisers contract was with Google Ireland Ltd? Pretty quickly you realise this is a fools errand. There's no way to say where the money was made in such an international operation. Any definition you come up with will be fought over by governments endlessly because they all want to buy votes by taxing foreign companies which smells to them a lot like free money (and thus free voters). So we end up with the simplest definition possible - the money is made where the company is headquartered. The headquarters can be anywhere. This solution was arrived at in both America and Europe. It sorta worked for a while because most companies were already established and new companies were small and poor so nobody cared about them much. Now we have the phenomenon of new companies that are extremely profitable, do all their business on the internet and therefore could pick a country to headquarter in purely for tax reasons. Cue moaning and wailing from stupid politicians who ran up enormous debts and now want a bigger slice of the pie. But attempting to change this simple definition will just reopen pandora's box. The best solution would be to just finish off the race to the bottom entirely and push corporate tax rates to zero everywhere. This would yield an approximately 25% hole in for example the UK budget. However the money can be made up elsewhere, such as by increasing VAT or personal income taxes. Of course that is politically difficult - people like corporation taxes because they don't like corporations, and taxing them feels like free money too. In any quality legal system there's no such thing as "stretching the boundaries of legality". It's either allowed, or it's not. Once you get into the realm of random bureaucrats issuing opinions that define law you enter a whole world of pain (see: EU right to be forgotten, FTC child protection regulations, US SDN list). Tax law, being very old and quite well worked out, is pretty specific. Starbucks is not breaking tax law by doing this unless governments give into temptation and try to retroactively change the rules. The core problem is that attempting to slice up the profits of a fundamentally international business is a losing proposition that can ONLY end in bitter arguments. It's not surprising there are a billion loopholes; it can never be any different. Who is to say what Starbucks beans are worth? If you go in and say, well that's obviously "tax avoidance", you'll immediately hit lots of other much less clear cut cases. But once you abandoned the rules there won't be any way to decide on those less clear cut cases and it'll just turn into chaos. No. You read about money sitting in the Caribbean because the US tax system is broken and tries to tax money made anywhere in the world (this makes no sense, and no other country does this). BUT .... that doesn't mean they avoid the US taxes! For Google the money ends up sitting in Bermuda: not a place noted for its abundance of cheap colo space or computer scientists. Obviously it isn't going to stay there because there's nothing to spend it on. Instead the money sits offshore until something more useful is found. What US companies want to happen is that the US Govt puts in place a "tax holiday" in which they temporarily stop being idiots and use the same tax rules as the rest of the world, thus allowing those companies to move the money earned abroad back into the USA without it being taxed twice (once by the country where it was earned and once by Uncle Sam). This has happened before so they think maybe it'll happen again. Then they can spend it on building fancy offices and hiring splurges, all of which yields taxable income inside the USA. What actually tends to happen is that politicians, even the ones that acknowledge the sense of this, don't like being seen to give big companies a tax break. So they prevaricate and eventually the money gets spent abroad in places like Europe or Asia, where double taxation treaties work properly. At that point the money gets taxed via payroll taxes, employee income taxes, VAT etc. Own goal for America. Still ... the money doesn't sit there because they want to avoid US taxes. They generally want to avoid double taxation, and then spend the money saved inside the USA. But that's arbitrary. If the Luxembourg company opens up a sales office in Sweden, but it has only 4 employees and there are 500 in Luxembourg, does that suddenly mean all those companies sales to Sweden get taxed twice? If so why would they ever open up an office there? Why not just insist customers fly to Luxembourg and visit their office instead? Governments are whipping up a mob over this issue and aren't thinking it through. Does Google really need an office in London? No. One exists there because, in the absence of other factors, it makes sense to hire internationally so you can access good employees who might not want to live in America (or vice versa). But if the first Google employee who started work in the UK suddenly meant ALL money coming from UK based customers got taxed twice, that first employee would never make financial sense. Companies just wouldn't do it. They'd insist the employees moved to them instead of them moving to the employees. This outcome makes no sense, but in their desperate quest to squeeze ever more blood out of the stone, maybe that's where governments are going to take us ... GSM was not created by European governments though. It was created by ETSI which is independent. And newer standards are international collaborations: as is so often the case as technology gets more complicated, it ends up being a creation of humanity rather than one geographical region vs another. Hardly. Many people use Google search without being logged in at all. Chrome pioneered the Incognito mode. You can disable web search history (and I have). There's plenty of respect for your privacy there, you just have to indicate your preference. Anyway. Personalisation improves search results somewhat. It does not improve them as much as, say, a good spelling corrector. Source: I used to work at Google. So I set X% to be whatever I need to minimise profit at my subsidiaries. Who are you to say X% is wrong? Did you build a successful coffee company? Law is interpreted by the courts according to what it says , not according to what would be convenient at the time. This is why you hear about people getting off on a technicality. At least that's how it's supposed to work. If you look at the right to be forgotten, the problem there is that the underlying law is so vague that basically anything can be read into it. So then judges end up legislating from the bench, which they aren't meant to do, that's why we have separation of powers. How is your English business buying ads from an English sales team in an English office any different from my Luxembourg/Sweden example? It seems identical to me. I'm from south of Manchester, for what it's worth. And I think British politicians need to drop this issue as it's way beyond taking the piss by now. Tax avoidance isn't even a thing. It means whatever the speaker wants it to mean. Tax evasion is a thing, that's pretty well spelled out by law, but avoidance just means someone legally paying less tax than the speaker would like them to. Your assertion that 50% to 38% is "probably fine with most people" is in the same area: it's an entirely arbitrary set of numbers. I'm sure there are plenty of people who wouldn't think that's fine, however, it doesn't matter because there's no moral obligation to pay more tax than necessary. Governments are not charities, the British government especially so! They are indeed taxed in Europe! The rate paid is low (until the money moves back around) but tax is paid. I don't hate government spending, what makes you think that? What I hate (perhaps hate is a strong word) is arbitrary and vague systems of laws. Corporation tax is riddled with these and it just undermines confidence in all government. You say yourself these "loopholes" are nothing more than disagreements between governments about how tax works. Thus the "solution", if you want to call it that, is that countries have to stop competing on tax rates. If Greece wants to charge corporation tax of 80% then everyone else has to as well otherwise they're enabling avoidance? That makes no sense and is fundamentally against national sovereignty. Low corporation taxes are quite popular amongst the Irish because they correctly perceive that it leads to lots of jobs. Who are we to say that they got it wrong? We can see how arbitrary this all is with the fact that these companies, which have done business this way for years in full view of national governments, are only now getting investigated once government spending cuts start making politicians unpopular. If these arrangements actually were illegal under clearly defined law they would have been investigated and tried a long time ago. IIRC the OECD thinks corporation tax has much higher deadweight costs than other forms of tax. I read this in an interesting article on the subject here: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/11/25/tax_and_tech_biz/ .. however the original link was dead last time I looked. They already do: Facebook and Google both have a "pages" feature which is designed for exactly that. Most businesses don't seem to want their Facebook/Google page to be their official website though, perhaps they think it looks unprofessional. They could introduce hardware authentication, same as banks outside the USA (and now with the TREZOR, also Bitcoin). No, but mainframes can be extremely slow. I remember being very surprised when I discovered that mainframe capacity is sold in units of MIPS (millions of instructions per second). Like, you literally buy capacity off IBM by the megahertz. They don't really get faster because there are so few suppliers of this kind of exotic hardware nowadays, and it's hard for the banks to port it all to more modern platforms because the original code is often so obscure and only understood by people who are retired/laid off. And that's the best case. I've heard of at least one bank that has a job running on their mainframe where nobody can find the source and nobody knows what it does, but they're too afraid to shut it down in case it breaks something. The USA has been cracking down on Hawaladars for a long time now. Unlicensed money transmitters, you know. It can cost vast sums to become a licensed MT in America, varying by state. There are double standards at work here. If BNP is guilty of funding genocide, then what happens when Somalians stop being able to afford food because the last banks stop routing money there? This is already about to happen in the UK where the last bank is trying to lose their Somalian remittance business and being blocked by a lawsuit filed by immigrants. Not to mention that the government handing out these fines is responsible for far more devastation than any bank. Actually that's normal. People overestimate BTC volatility because the price goes wild during periods of intense press interest, and so of course there's a big population of people who are only paying attention to Bitcoin during these times. In quieter times when the media spotlight is elsewhere the price usually settles into a somewhat specific band and stays there until the next press cycle. To boil it down more simply, the USA had sanctions on Iran long before other parts of the world did. Thus someone wishing to send money from the UK to Iran, for example, could do so through HSBC in London. Those transactions might well end up interfacing with US controlled infrastructure in some way and the US parts of HSBC were then routinely interfering with those payments, because America doesn't believe in sovereign independence. So now these local HSBC affiliates or divisions have a problem: their customers want to make perfectly legal transactions (legal in those areas) and the American computer systems are getting in the way. Simple solution: don't use any keywords that the USA doesn't like. Years later this practice would be described as "money laundering" and "sanctions evasion". However it was in reality just a reasonable way to tackle an unreasonable problem. SPV clients download less data than full nodes do, by definition, therefore they must always have less privacy from remote peers. Additionally the only widely used SPV clients today (bitcoinj based wallets) set very tight Bloom filters and don't really use them for privacy purposes, for various reasons. Plus they aren't HD so reuse addresses quite often. In git master bitcoinj is now HD and so SPV HD wallets will start appearing in the near future. Garbling Bloom filters more aggressively is tricky and will take someone doing some serious work and R&D to really nail. I wrote an article discussing many CA alternatives which also includes Convergence, here: https://medium.com/bitcoin-security-functionality/b64cf5912a... Convergence IMHO does not work. The UI is poor and fundamentally it's just the CA model with very short lived constantly renewed certificates. There's no particular reason to believe it'd work better than the existing PKI for ordinary users. Presumably if they got hacked, they want to know how they got hacked. Perhaps there's a new zero day on the loose. It always makes sense to investigate these things. No, it doesn't. You appear to believe that any security system that has any failure, ever, indicates "massive systemic problems". I assert that there are no security systems in history that would meet such a standard. There are an enormous number of sites and certificates out there. Studies have been carried out at scale on attacks on SSL and found that most MITM attacks come from locally installed virus scanners, malware, or company firewalls. Hacked CA's didn't even register. So if you represented the number of bad certs as a percentage it'd probably have a lot of zeros after the decimal point. That doesn't mean the world should sit on its hands. Although real world studies have been done, requiring all certs to be public will be a massive upgrade. CA's already have to go through mandatory audits and the procedures they must follow are spelled out. Unfortunately there's no real procedure you can put in place to prevent hacking, as the NSA discovered to their cost. The CT approach is a lot more efficient assuming a closed network of pre-registered "miners" (logs, in CT parlance). This works ok for CT because CT does not place such a large emphasis on decentralisation, nor does it need to. Ultimately the power in the SSL system lies with browser and OS vendors, in turn that means only a handful of people really. Having a super fancy ultra-decentralised system that will only be used by a handful of OS services and browsers doesn't make a whole lot of sense. The masses have no interest in fiddling with their browser settings. Ultimately the decision makers here are the browser makers (i.e. guys like agl). Maybe you could use this handy open source Chrome extension: https://code.google.com/p/end-to-end/ (guess who developed it) It's obviously a solution. You don't like it because you suspect correctly that the people you want to communicate with care less about the issue than you do, but that doesn't mean it's not a solution. Indeed it's the only solution possible ... Governments can test and give a stamp of approval to new drugs without punishing people who ignore their advice. It means if you could override the signal with your own AND had a lot of hash power, you could slowly drag down the difficulty of your fake chain and eventually it'd be easy to create. But indeed you must (assuming the device managed to see the real block chain at least once) do a lot of computational work to start with. It just moves the thing that gets censored from the website itself to the equipment needed to receive it. I think there are a mix of reasons why existing double spends are working, certainly things have gone wrong and there are various ways to do it - e.g. Eligius does not follow the same rules as everyone else and that's exploitable by double spenders. However that's not fee related. The Glitch paper was discussed previously on HN and is very interesting: http://research.microsoft.com/pubs/211297/managedtime.pdf It's great research. Near term applicability would be more useful to me as an IDE plugin that works with existing reactive frameworks. For instance, it turns out that the latest Java UI framework (JavaFX) has a reactive/lazy functional bindings framework in it. Every property of every UI widget can be connected to other properties or derived expressions of those properties. Of course Java itself has no support for this so it's all framework level stuff. An IDE plugin / embeddable DSL that understood these constructs and allowed for real-time debugging like in the videos would be useful indeed: whilst I love binding UI widgets to the backend data model with that framework, debugging it can be a total timesink. A lot of these people are not American and thus not eligible to be NSA employees, assuming they'd even want to be (obviously not). The assumption pre-Snowden was that only "hostile states" did that kind of thing, e.g fibres in and out of China were probably tapped, but most of the internet wasn't. Because, you know, search warrants do exist. It's rather arrogant to say "everyone should have known". Snowden's leaks have been making waves for a year solid now exactly because he showed that reality was the worst case scenario only the most extreme of the extreme postulated previously. A lot of modern languages look like this now. You could as well say they both look like Scala. But then, Scala also riffs off languages like Haskell in some vague syntaxy way. Swift, I think, is strongly influenced by design trends in modern programming languages. I didn't see a whole that in it that was new though. ART is a JVM, it's just not a just-in-time compiling JVM. The JVM is fine for multiple programming languages, as Kotlin nicely proves. And Kotlin targets Java 6 so it should work fine on Android, even though now Android supports Java 7 language features. The missing parts are the Java 7 API's: unfortunately the class library, being based on Apache Harmony (a dead project) does not move forward on Android. However this does not have any effect on Kotlin. With lambdas, futures are quite easy to use and compose. Or trolls are scaling their demands appropriately and thus still ensuring they make out like the bandits they are. Governments can force them to do anything: they know where Tim Cook lives and can ruin his life six ways from Sunday. Really, other than all the selectively enforced laws that exist already, all governments have to do is start passing laws that say "all communication systems must be interceptible by the government". Indeed CALEA already does this, but it's (again) selectively enforced. I don't know where this ends, but I suspect it ends up with lots of computer programmers rotting in jail, others going underground and everyone just accepting that they live in a totalitarian state run by the military, which constantly brainwashes its children to believe they live in the best country in the world. I worked at Google for a long time. The most problematic language at Google was (by far) Python. Mostly because tools that would start out as small Python scripts would evolve to become large Python codebases that ended up being unmaintainable. There were several examples of unmanageable Python codebases at Google that got rewritten in C++ or Java. I'm struggling to think of examples of code going in the opposite direction. This does not mean Python is a bad language. It just makes a different set of tradeoffs in its design. C++ and Java were designed with features that are known to increase verbosity but make it easier for large teams to work together. Python wasn't. Functional programming has been known and researched for decades. Mostly what happens is the obviously good features filter down into more mainstream languages, hence the new stream extension in Java 8, and the rest (lazy by default?) gets left behind. Are you really generalising to an entire industry from the build procedure for a build tool? Why are you even building Maven in the first place? My experience with Maven has been: 1) Download and unzip 2) Run it and that's all that was necessary. Meanwhile on the fly dependency resolution is very nice and a feature of most modern platforms. There's a thing called RetroLambda which purports to be a backport of lambdas to older versions of the runtime/platform. However hopefully now ART is successfully launching they'll go back to upgrading the base foundation and move it beyond Java 6. What's your beef with JavaFX? I've been using it recently and it's a surprisingly well designed and nice UI framework. Parts of it are kind of immature and there are occasional surprising holes in its functionality, but that's because the current generation (after dropping the scripting language) is only a couple of versions old. Ninja Framework is rather nice, I've found. I looked around for Java web frameworks lately and it seemed to be the one that balanced good documentation, features, simple configuration and so on to my liking. Ah yes, DCOM. That was truly the domain of the C++ enterprise architect! Today's AbstractProxyFactoryBean was yesterday's IDispatchProxy, IRPCProxyBuffer and so on. What's scary is that big chunks of heavy industry are all standardised on it via OLE for Process Control (OPC). How would you prefer to define UI layouts? Some other DSL? A binary format? So Maven is at fault because they prioritise their own development productivity over ..... Linux distributors? Why package Maven anyway? You aren't likely to add much value by doing that. You can make immutable objects in Java. The result is quite, quite unpleasant IMHO, but so are many other things in Java. You just create an object that has final fields and a constructor (or a builder if you have a more complex object). Now, nothing stops that immutable object containing a mutable object of course, but that's up to you ... Guava has immutable collections if you want them. Better language support for immutability would not go amiss though. It's hard for someone who was not the author to dive in to the middle of the code and understand it, debug it or upgrade it, due to the lack of explicit types. Additionally there static analysis was limited to lint and refactoring tools didn't exist, or at least nobody seemed to use them (I never used PyCharm but I heard it can do some cool stuff). Also for whatever reason these codebases often weren't very well structured and there was a common tendency to define configuration files that were themselves Python, resulting in the codebase spilling out into things that were theoretically just static data, complicating unit testing. KotlinFX defines something a bit like this. That said, I found FXML + IntelliJ to be quite painless. The closing tags are verbose when you have small toy examples but in big files they help orient you by reminding you what the end of a block is. And I mostly use Scene Builder anyway. They don't really need to bless it, do they? Any JVM language that targets Java 6 should work. There are a variety of names. DAC is something Ethereum came up with. Before then they were being called autonomous agents: https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Agents I was never totally clear on the difference, but as people often refer to Bitcoin itself as a DAC, I feel the term is too vague to be useful. The next step to make these REALLY useful for agents is to set up Intel TXT on them. This would likely involve some voodoo as TXT is appallingly badly documented. But, if you make sure the hardware is compatible and that hardware virtualisation integrates properly using tboot it should be possible. This step is a game changer because then an agent can get a hardware-rooted proof that the remote system is secure including against Kordless or whoever else owns the hardware . The agent then knows it's safe to install a copy of itself on the new machine, have the copy create a wallet, and send money to the new box such that the operator can't steal the money but the new agent can still pay for its own hosting costs. Once done the agent would effectively be autonomous if it had a way to earn income e.g. reselling disk space. Scary stuff! The TPM is un-simulatable, that's the purpose of it. The hypervisor is included in the remote attestation. The theory is, if you trust the signing keys used in the TPM (i.e. Intel/the hardware), then you can get a message from the remote computer that attests what code is running including the hypervisor. Thus you can conclude that the remote environment is safe against all but quite sophisticated hardware attackers (assuming a modern setup where you can lock cache lines and the TPM is integrated with the northbridge). Well, there's exactly the reason I try and avoid distributor packaging as much as possible and prefer to use Maven from upstream. Not only is it much simpler but it means it's not being patched with "ugly hacks" by people who dislike the project. Sorry, Debian proved multiple times that this whole arrangement is a recipe for disaster. Maven is convenient and fast, I think I'll stick with it for now. That's why good comments are about explaining WHY you're doing something, or HOW to use the code, and possibly making the code itself clearer but only if there's no way to do that by introducing better variable and method naming. Comments are highly valuable but like any tool they can be abused, or done in such a way that they don't make things better. Right, also, it doesn't actually say avoid comments, it just gives examples of where it's best to try and find an alternative. In the bitcoinj code style guide there is a big section on comments that gives positive examples as well as negative examples: http://bitcoinj.github.io/coding-conventions Ah yes, the well known "topple enemy leaders by restricting their access to Linux tech support" strategy. Gets them every time. Not only that. They had an entire MP3 search engine! There were also in the early years language issues, and coverage issues. Internet access in/out of China is absurdly, mind bendingly expensive, due partly to all the DPI hardware they insist sits at the border. This makes crawling China from outside very hard. Conversely it also makes crawling the rest of the internet from inside harder as well, but Chinese users mostly want local content so that's no big deal, necessarily. China was tipping the playing field in lots of ways back then, there was lots of one-sided enforcement of very vague rules. It was pretty clear which way the winds were blowing there. For bitcoinj we developed a similar plugin for Maven: https://github.com/gary-rowe/BitcoinjEnforcerRules > it appears as if they get paid (or are forced to) not fix it Occam's Razor says ... perhaps they believe 99.9% of people do not care and are not capable of understanding which encryption standard is being used to communicate with their base station, and thus Google prefers to focus its efforts on things that 99.9% of people would consider when buying a phone? Exactly. The trend in modern languages is to try and eliminate as many surprising quirks as possible. If you look at Kotlin, it's basically advertised as resolving around half of the famous Java Puzzlers. And those puzzlers were themselves introduced by the authors with the proviso that Java has remarkably few quirks for something so very large, and that this is/was tremendous progress. > It's interesting that gmail is the least likely used for fraud, why is that? I spent several years working on the Gmail abuse team. Gmail is used less for fraud than other providers because we were better at fighting abuse than our competitors: as simple as that. Yahoo had a rather hollowed out abuse team for a long time, from what I understand, they didn't invest in it at all. And I think at Microsoft the Hotmail and Passport (i.e. login system) teams were much more compartmentalised than we were inside Google. At least this is what I heard on the grapevine, though I have no clue if it's accurate. Google does many, many things to combat abuse of Gmail accounts. There's no silver bullet, it's not as simple as "Google phone verifies every account" (it does not and never has), or "if you send more than X messages you get Y". The abuse system is a massively complex pile of interlocking systems, analyses and heuristics. You can get a good readout of how various teams at the different companies do here: https://buyaccs.com/ As you can see currently Outlook.com accounts currently sell for $10 per thousand. Gmail accounts are about $100 per thousand, an order of magnitude more expensive. Getting higher than that is very difficult against good opponents (and the guy who runs buyaccs.com is good, although these days he acts more as a reseller than an account creator himself). The reason is, at these prices it's feasible to simply phone verify every single account by hand using cheap SIM cards. Google does terminate accounts that have phone verified - it's just one more signal - but it's one of the best ones and so it becomes significantly more dangerous when spammers are phone verifying in bulk. In practice it's not a big deal because $100 per thousand is high enough that many business models (like simple spamming) become unprofitable. As an example of techniques Google uses: machine learning, manually written logic, real time statistics, randomly generated and obfuscated signal gathering Javascripts, offline clustering pipelines and a team of people with big screens around their office with lots of graphs on them. Those people keep an eye on the system around the clock and if they see e.g. an unexplained spike in account creations then they will manually investigate what was going on. They are very good at quickly identifying mistakes made by account creators and clustering the accounts by hand. Starting a debate by immediately framing anyone who disagrees with you as an apologist and their arguments as false equivalencies (you mean "equivalances" by the way) is neither helpful to good debate, nor going to persuade anyone. You don't have to stretch out your reading very far to discover that lots of news sites, especially outside the USA, are flooded with comments from people who have been posting to them for years and yet are deeply skeptical about the current wave of anti-Russian stories being pumped by western media. This isn't being "pro Putin", it's about realising that our own governments are so deeply and nauseatingly hypocritical that anything they say can be safely assumed to be the opposite of the truth. E.g. whilst the western media is busy trying to claim that only evil authoritarian Russians would be so draconian as to forbid anonymous blogging, the NSA is busy de-anonymizing any blogger or any other internet user they wish bypassing the systems of law and democracy entirely. Is that really a false equivalence, or is it just pointing out the painful and obvious truth? Both Iraq and Israel are absolutely notorious for being subjects where all major western news outlets toe or toed the political line. Whilst Israel is treated somewhat neutrally outside the USA, the puppy-like behaviour of American media is so extreme it is itself worthy of news articles: http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jul/31/america... The runup to the war in Iraq is widely considered to be one of the western media's biggest and most damaging failures, including by those outlets themselves: http://www.salon.com/2007/04/10/media_failure/ http://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/may/27/media.iraq http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_coverage_of_the_Iraq_War With respect to your assertion that "most everyone do agree", did you read my comment? It's very much NOT the case that everyone agrees on this. Here's the Guardian's view: http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jul/30/guardia... Hardly a ringing endorsement of sanctions. Now go look at the comments section. Pick comments pointing out western hypocrisy and take a look at the posting history of those accounts. For instance, check out TheGreatRonRafferty. Posting on the site for years, thousands of comments. Many other views like his expressed there. If you think this is all the work of the FSB you're delusional, I don't know how else to say it. Hardly. Almost all email moves between only a handful of companies. Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, Facebook, Apple. Between them they dominate the landscape. It only takes a handful of engineers and product managers at these companies to decide "let's do this" and pretty quickly such email addresses can become a reality for at least person to person mail. Of course for them to become usable for signing up to websites, mailing lists etc, will take much longer. But people may not mind having two email addresses if they can put one on their business card. Highly debatable. As pointed out in the comments of the article, the FBI would not require a special warrant to watch people going in and out of a crack house. This is an artifact of how Tor works. VPN services don't suffer from this issue because all traffic gets routed via the VPN at the operating system level. I would agree, but then consider what happens after that - the FBI and similar in other countries have no other options left, and the path of least resistance for them is now to go to politicians and ask for Tor itself to be banned. Though I hate to say it, a system that (accidentally) allows police forces to deanonymise select individuals whilst other actors cannot do so, and even the police cannot do so in bulk all the time, is not a terrible tradeoff. Snowden has made similar remarks, I believe. Of course the supply of zero-days is presumably not infinite. As pointed out, if Tor had more manpower they'd maybe switch to Chrome which is much harder to exploit. So this situation whilst it may not seem ideal is perhaps the frying pan, and as endpoint security improves we may find ourselves in the fire. I recently proposed on tor-dev that individual relays be able to stop acting as introduction points for specific hidden services, with exactly this scenario in mind. They ignored me of course. They seem to feel invincible. I would say you've summed up one of the biggest and most important issues of our time. The internet is international. Governments aren't. What now?! My own gut feeling is that we should try and head in the same direction as the email system. The internet largely conquered spam without needing government intervention or international treaties through automatic reputation systems, blacklisting of email abusers and so on. It's basically a giant group consensus system in which spam is defined as "whatever our users think spam is" instead of an explicit law. It works! Similar techniques could be applied to other systems like Tor, if only the developers cared (they don't). > At a time when OpenSSL just suffered one of its worst bugs in history, forcing small sites to assume the risk of running code like this, which they inevitably will get wrong, materially worsens security for all, it doesn't improve it. OpenSSL is not the only SSL stack you know. I run one of my websites on Tomcat so I can benefit from the pure-Java TLS stack it uses (the default one actually). Something like heartbleed is impossible for such a stack. This is a really excellent piece of research. Congrats to the authors and I hope the Android team put effort into the suggested improvements. Given Google's long term efforts around SSL it would be a good fit. The off hand remark about SSLSocketConnection not checking hostnames even though it has all the data it needs is a bit worrying. Does UrlConnection on Android do the right thing with respect to SSL URLs? It should do, I hope! Could you give a citation for that? Not saying I disbelieve you, it sounds plausible, but I'd be interested to read that research. > I don't know how big the need for is DKIM (from an anti-spam view) -- how many receive gpg-encrypted and signed spam anyway? Modern spam filters (at sites like Gmail) rely very heavily indeed on the notion of reputation. Without something like DKIM it's hard to calculate accurate reputations: you can do it but it relies on lots of hacks and heuristics. So reputation mechanisms of some form are pretty vital. Spam filtering is not about blocking bulk mail. Immobilisers have absolutely slaughtered car theft (this is not news, I referenced this trend in a talk I gave a couple of years ago), but this makes them VERY vulnerable to being hacked. What's more most immobiliser systems are poorly engineered from a cryptographic perspective, for example, some can be overridden by simply telling the ECU to start up via a plugin cable, others are simply broadcasting static repeating codes meaning you can gather the codes with a fixed receiver in a car park and then go collect them later. When a sufficiently smart criminal starts making kits that let you hack immobilisers, theft of those models shoots up dramatically. BMW has suffered from this effect badly. Their engine security sucked and owners became magnets for car theft. > In the absence of routine attacks targeting cryptography, it's easy to believe that systems that don't annoy their users with identity management are superior to those that do. They do indeed have an advantage in deployability! But they have no security advantage. We'll probably find out someday soon, as more disclosures hit the press, that they were a serious liability. You're probably talking about the PKI here. However, after a year's worth of Snowden leaks (and perhaps other leakers too) there have been zero documents discussing routine or even occasional sabotage of the PKI. You suggest that we'll "probably" find out "someday soon" that only PGP works and everything else sucks, but we already went through that acid test. PGP was such an epic failure Snowden and Greenwald failed to connect entirely, and there were no big reveals about certificate authorities. That doesn't mean the CA system is infallible, just that attacking endpoint security is easier. But as Matt's GPG example shows, GPG endpoint security is just as pathetic. Heck I didn't realise that GPG couldn't safely import public keys by fingerprint. How the hell does software like that, which has been around so long, fail to do such a basic check? QUANTUM would have made mincemeat of anyone trying to communicate securely using mainstream PGP implementations, whereas most S/MIME implementations I know of wouldn't have been fooled so easily. Hand-waving about how anything other than PGP is trustworthy doesn't fly with me: there's too much real world evidence from real world adversaries that it sucks and other systems work better. Comodo give away free S/MIME certs: http://www.comodo.com/home/email-security/free-email-certifi... They can be generated and installed into the OS keystore by your browser automatically. By the low standards of crypto it works pretty well. Any old email client supports it out of the box. I find WoT based solutions to be much less trustable overall. It's very hard to be locked in to an open source browser. If Google fucks up badly enough someone will fork it. Arguably the spirit of EU corporation tax law is intended to drive it to zero. That's why a corporation can designate its headquarters as being absolutely anywhere regardless of where its actual workforce or assets are. It's the only sane way to do things, otherwise you end up trying to arbitrarily slice a company up between jurisdictions even when it doesn't make any sense. Good article on this here: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/11/25/tax_and_tech_biz/ BTW the notion that "taxation without representation" is bad is pretty fundamental to modern societies. So if we tax corporations it makes sense that they'd be able to vote, as in the City of London, otherwise perhaps we should not be taxing them. Which is why it probably doesn't make sense to give corporations a vote, therefore it seems unjust to tax them. However corporations are easy to tax despite all the hullaballoo about tax avoidance so I doubt governments are going to give up on it any time soon. Taxing entities that can't vote is basically free money. Until then CloudShield had sold its CS-2000 device, a multipurpose network and content processing product, primarily to the Air Force and other Pentagon customers, who used it to manage and defend their networks, not to attack others Given that the NSA must get the hardware for QUANTUM somewhere, this statement seems remarkably strong/naive. Political prisoner? The guy personally profited off movie piracy. If Sunde is a political prisoner for breaking copyright laws then so is any drug dealer for breaking drug control laws. I don't get the elevation of these guys on some pedestal. I understand we all like getting stuff for free but TPB was not some political project. If they had really believed copyright was so evil they'd have built a site distributing great content people wanted to watch that was licensed liberally by its creators; thus proving that the open source model could work for movies and TV shows. They'd have done what Stallman did. But they didn't. Signing doesn't imply you are "legit", at least not much - it requires ID verification but in the absence of any hard rules about what's acceptable that's only useful in the most egregious cases, and anyway you can still run unsigned binaries. Signing is mostly useful to help reduce anti-virus false positives. AV systems learn binary reputations just like spam filters do. It doesn't matter if the app goes off and downloads another program for this purpose - that's an implementation detail that doesn't impact whether the app is malicious or not. I'm surprised you haven't tried harder to optimise the download size ... the blog post says it ships a nearly full Python runtime, but surely you don't actually use it all? The core interpreter is I'd think quite small and Python code should compress very well. Already been done and no. Bear in mind encoding data into the block chain is a pretty stupid thing to do, practically speaking. No mainstream Bitcoin software/wallets have a file extraction feature, so you end up needing to download a special app designed to download that specific file. At which point, you may as well have just downloaded the file as well. Absence of the special file-downloader-file is proof that you are not willingly engaged in illegal conduct of any kind. There's a hidden surprise in store for people who think this is a neat trick to ensure their message lasts forever: there's no guarantee it will work. In future some nodes, probably many, will become "pruning" nodes. That means they'll throw old blocks away and won't be able to serve them anymore. It's a popular misconception that it is technically necessary to store all blocks to run a fully functioning Bitcoin node. So long term storage and serving of the full chain will slowly start to migrate to more specialised archival nodes that have cheap bandwidth and storage to spare. At that point stuffing data into the block chain is not much different to just uploading it to a bunch of servers. But even those nodes don't have to store your data forever, for two reasons. Firstly, although being able to reconstruct today's ledger by replaying from day zero is a rather nice feature from an academic perspective, it's not actually necessary for Bitcoin to function. Even if every archival node deleted some old blocks, all that'd mean is you had to start your node from a snapshot of the database taken at the earliest block time and work from there. This means trusting the snapshot in some sense, but if many people have calculated that snapshot and attested to it (especially if they've done so in future blocks!), the practical security difference is quite small. Certainly it wouldn't mean Bitcoin stopped working or anything. And secondly, as Satoshi described in his original white paper, the way blocks are structured means transactions can be deleted forever and yet the chain can still be replayed, if none of the outputs of those transactions were ever spent. Given that outputs which store only files cannot be spent, it's safe to both delete them from the UTXO set, and delete them from the archived blocks too (such a block would have to be sent using the partial merkle tree format already supported in the protocol). As long as identification of the outputs is reliable/conservative so there's no chance of misidentifying a spendable output as unspendable, you don't even need consensus to do this: just delete the guff from your local database and only serve blocks to nodes that understand partial block downloads, and you're done. Of course it's better if there is consensus, so perhaps some future version of Bitcoin will schedule certain transaction outputs for destruction as part of some other upgrade. Your server is already publishing a public key - in the certificate. "Humans" at the CA verified it. What you're really arguing for is some army of volunteer CAs to do it (this is the WoT model summed up). However verifying identities is not fun, takes knowledge and skill to defend your private keys, and in the absence of payment will attract only a tiny number of uber-geeks who think the word "party" is a reasonable word to describe a bulk ID verification ceremony ;) This is why the WoT is a bust and nobody developing new crypto systems cares about it anymore. Haha, thanks, that made me laugh. This is a very nice couple of blog posts, the effort put into the javascript algorithm demos is quite impressive. I enjoyed reading them, thanks to Tommo and Peter Cooper for the post. I would have thought maybe the ravine problem can be solved by using the heuristics to detect when the search appears to be going down a ravine and then begin raycasting. It's not only about Android. Kotlin is one of the few languages that's developed hand in hand with IDE support. That means you've got Java-class IDEA support for the language, including (interestingly) a Java to Kotlin converter tool! It's not like many languages where you end up having to sacrifice all your nice refactoring tools and libraries to use it. For this reason alone Kotlin is a natural upgrade path for many Java shops. Like much of Kotlin, it's sort of rough. I would not want to recommend it to anyone for an industrial project today, it's just not 1.0 material. For example the Kotlin API (extensions to Java classes mostly) is hardly documented at all. There was someone from JetBrains doing profiling and chatting about it in #kotlin (freenode IRC) the other day. Oddly, he found some things got faster in Kotlin for no obvious reason. Some JVM optimisation magic, I guess. Kotlin is a much more pragmatic language than many such new ones. They are building it for use in their own products including performance sensitive products like IntelliJ. For example it has an inline method attribute. This may seem remarkably low level for a modern JVM based language intended for industrial use, but there's a point to it: it lets you use lambda functions and misc features that rely on them without extraneous memory allocations. Applied consistently this sort of thing can make the difference between "a lovely language that's too expensive to use" and "a lovely language that is deployable". It's not auto-inferred because otherwise you wouldn't be able to make libraries that have stable ABIs with Kotlin. Generally they seem to be targeting zero performance degradation over Java even when using the advanced features, which is nice to see. I think you all missed his point. Yes he knows there are laws. He's questioning why the laws exist. There's clearly a lot of confusion about this because up thread we have people saying it's not about safety, and then we have lots of other people saying it is about safety. To me having insurance valid for commercial use seems reasonable, but you don't need special licenses or laws to enforce that. Just have a law that says "you must have insurance valid for the kind of driving you do" (which I suspect Germany already has). The basic point being made here is there is no technical or medical reason why the amount of money being charged suddenly makes driving fundamentally different. You're driving the same car on the same roads with the same driver. So why have governments made it so complicated? Er, you can easily write a Java thread that just terminates or restarts itself if it crashes ... Actually the "poke" method would work and I suggested it on a different thread on that mailing list. It's the S/MIME model although these days you'd just stick an ECC key into a header and sign it with DKIM, then upgrade the clients. Doesn't have to be technically complicated. There are at least three major downsides: 1) You still leak lots of metadata and the full data of the poke including most obviously the subject line. 2) Do users understand that their spangly new "encrypted mail" actually fails to protect a lot of important data? What if they (gasp) came to rely on it? I'd want to see usability studies showing a clear understanding of what is protected and what isn't. 3) You break other features that rely on the server being able to see content, like search, and the ads that pay for all of this. They are businesses. Their customers are mostly businesses. SHA1 is, for most businesses that only want a padlock to reassure their customers, just peachy. A CA that hassles their customers and says "you need to do complicated extra work" is put at a disadvantage to other CA's that have a "customer is always right" kind of attitude. Combined with tools that default to SHA1, and customers that may depressingly actually have Windows XP SP2 terminals still in production use, and you get feet dragging. I don't think this is inherently a problem with the CA model. Rather it's what you'd expect in a competitive market that is basically selling a binary commodity product (a padlock icon), given textbook economics. No. They've been quite clear about this. CA's are still selling SHA1 certs because customers are asking for them. They're asking for them because they're compatible with more apps/devices and - until now - browsers treated them the same. So why sacrifice compatibility for no improvement. The Chrome team are right to push this along, but I do have some sympathy for the CA's here too. I read the whole discussion and it's pretty clear that there was some epic miscommunication going on here. Notably Google thinks that removing the padlock icon is not "deprecation" according to the timetable Microsoft established, but all the people buying certs disagree; that's why they're doing it. The reality is most people running websites that use SSL are not security experts and cannot evaluate the weakness of SHA1 vs SHA2. So they trust the defaults, which are SHA1 (in e.g. openssl). Their goal is to get the padlock, not to achieve some other notion of security. It'd be interesting to compare this to code running on the JVM. It's not enormously surprising that D's garbage collector can be a performance bottleneck, given the incredible amount of effort and manpower that has gone into making the Java GC's fast and scalable. It's just a really hard problem. Does D expose any kind of GC stats? I'd imagine that with D a lot of heap pressure could be removed by stack allocating as much as possible, as you'd do in a C++ program. Part of the reason Java needs such beastly GCs is because it generates lots of tiny short lived objects. Although HotSpot can stack allocate these days if a function is hot enough, with D the programmer should be able to do it manually. I first heard this mantra at Google, which was far from a startup even when I joined in 2006. It could easily afford to try and find the right fit for people. In fact it took the opposite approach: you were only allowed to move around and try a new job or position if you already were doing well in your existing position. Internal transfers were seen as a reward for good behaviour, or perhaps it was to avoid bad employees avoiding detection by constantly moving around between managers. I have read that the FISA court can indeed hold sometime in contempt secretly. For all we know if Yahoo had continued to resist their executives would have simply started disappearing. Well not only that but MPS allows for things like graphical languages too. XML is used because you're not really editing text at all, you're editing at a higher level of abstraction. Regardless, MPS has support for things like version control merging/diffing and so on. It's a pretty mind blowing tool all round. Fail. If you're outraged about being the target of such tactics, basic empathy would mean you should be outraged at others also being targeted. As opposed to Objective-C, or C++? Languages for writing client side apps have always sucked. They sucked in the 90's when targeting Windows (ok Delphi wasn't too bad), they sucked in the 2000's when targeting MacOS X and they suck now when targeting mobile. Of all the languages that mainstream operating systems have used, Java is by far the least worst. Especially because you can use any JVM-compatible language and are not really restricted to Java. For example Kotlin is looking like it's going to be pretty nice, pretty soon. Go would be nowhere near a useful upgrade on the status quo. Activity state is persisted to disk (by the ActivityManager). That's why your process can be killed to free memory then woken up again when the user task switches back to it. > The guarantee is with the No vote. More of the same right wing policies The UK has entirely socialised health care, relatively high taxes and a large population on welfare. It is hardly a right wing country by international standards (you need to look at the USA to see what that means). The reality is that compared to many countries and even its own recent past, Scotland is not doing so badly. That's the status quo offered by the no vote. In the event of a yes vote absolutely nobody knows what's going to happen because Salmond and co haven't thought it through at all. Anyone who asks him difficult questions gets labelled a biased bully. Anyone who suggests that separating a tightly integrated part of a country might be a teeny tiny bit complicated is labelled a scaremonger. This absolute refusal to fill in the blanks means that the Yes campaign has instead let people fill in those blanks with their own hopes and dreams, indeed, Salmond has heavily encouraged this. Yes has come to represent everything to everyone regardless of what their actual underlying beliefs are. But that's not a foundation for a country or even a political party. Scotland already has its own parliament which uses PR, however this did not stop the SNP wiping out the opposition in the last round of elections hence the current situation. I think Scottish people are going to have a cold reality check in the coming years no matter what happens. The sameness of the existing UK political parties is not because of some broken voting system or the "Westminster Elite". It's because the Labour and Conservative parties traditionally differentiated themselves on economic policy, and the hard left economics of old Labour lost the battle of ideas so thoroughly that it took Blair's "New Labour" movement to make them electable again. Ever since, the UK has been stuck with: 1. The Tories, who have a nasty authoritarian streak and represent the worst of the old British class system but post-Thatcher have a reputation for managing the economy well and are at least willing to be honest with voters about financial reality. 2. Labour, who have been trying and largely failing to find a new political identity after socialist/communist policies like strong trade union support became indelibly associated with economic failure. 3. Lib Dems who also lack any obvious political identity and never really expected to win anyway, they always represented the protest vote. When they accidentally ended up winning votes in the general disgust with both Labour and Tories in 2010 they had to enter coalition and immediately realised their promises to voters were unimplementable. So three parties, none of which want to rewind the country to the disaster of the 1970's and thus struggle to differentiate themselves from the Tories. Oh, there's also UKIP which at least is differentiated, the problem is lots of people think their difference is for the worse. Result of all that is the "neoliberal consensus" Scots and other people in the north hate so much. But this state of affairs is the consensus because the alternative was tried and turned out to be way worse. Everything is made more problematic by the fact that the UK political system and culture expects The Opposition to disagree with everything the government in power does by default. So the last few decades have witnessed both parties repeatedly try to claim the other party is completely wrong whilst actually largely agreeing with each other and doing the same things once in power. This mock disagreement results in a fake, plasticky sort of politics that ends up creating disillusionment. Eventually the UK political scene will change and the parties will find some fundamental difference that divides them once more. Maybe over the issue of Europe. Or, people will get used to the idea that maybe politicians violently disagreeing about extremely basic things isn't a healthy or normal state of affairs, and a genteel consensus about the best way forward is actually more civilised. Er, I know life expectancy in Scotland isn't great but you realise the dead pensioners will be replaced by new ones, right? Why be so unambitious? We have the technology these days to make every change in the law a referendum, with a form of automated delegation in place to ensure people can focus only on the areas that matter to them or they have expertise in. The tricky part, technologically, is finding a design that preserves all the qualities you might want in a voting system whilst still having the new features. For example being able to delegate your vote by topic in a treelike structure is attractive, but this is somehow opposed to the notion of a secret ballot. I suspect "bit of fuss" would have been an understatement. Thankfully it's an issue that will be explored some other day, in some other part of the world. I don't think you should see UK exit from the EU as a dead cert. That debate has hardly even begun. Of course right now it's being driven by the Euroskeptics because a referendum date hasn't even been set and they're the ones agitating for it. But as this referendum shows, sentiment can change a lot in the runup to a vote. There are lots of people who do not want to see the UK leave the EU, although I guess most of them would be in favour of a rebalancing of powers. Those people will presumably/hopefully learn lessons from the iScotland campaign and base the "no to leaving" campaign on positivity rather than simply listing all the problems the UK would face on its own. If the no campaign can seize the positive moral ground AND it has lots of economic arguments on its side, it should force the yes side into simply being negative about the EU and well, Salmond has shown everyone the power of positivity (even over reason). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shy_Tory_Factor Yes definitely, though it can be even worse. Look at how poor Nick Robinson was the subject of professionally organised protest marches for the crime of asking Salmond difficult questions and then being blunt about his lack of answers: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2755858/BBC-s-Nick-R... People themselves do. E.g. I might delegate my vote on financial matters to my accountant, foreign policy to a friend of mine I trust on the matter, rural affairs to the politician nominated by some political party I trust as an expert, and keep votes on issues affecting the tech sector to myself. People themselves do. E.g. I might delegate my vote on financial matters to my accountant, foreign policy to a friend of mine I trust on the matter, rural affairs to the politician nominated by some political party I trust as an expert, and keep votes on issues affecting the tech sector to myself. I linked to it because it had a photo of the protest. Delegated voting is just a way to vote on decisions, it doesn't say how those decisions get put in front of the system itself. E.g. they could still be made by politicians or a Swiss-style system in which a number of signatures must be gathered. I'd always imagined that the way you voted is visible only to your delegees. Thus buying votes at scale doesn't work because to verify someone voted the way they said they would, you need another voter to delegate to them. You gain visibility into one vote but it costs you one vote, so there's no benefit to be had by attempting to purchase. Of course you can try and purchase the votes of trusted figures to whom many people have delegated their vote, but this is no different to the existing system where you could try and bribe MPs. Useful, but how does it compare to Avian? As far as I can tell JamVM is not actually a JIT compiling VM at all, although the features list is optimistically phrased to make that a bit unclear. Avian is also very lightweight but it also manages to be a JIT compiler. 1) They are not, really. You can get free DV certs from StartSSL. Other types of certs do cost money because issuing them involves real work. I don't know how else to explain it. Go look at the list of things a CA has to do to be considered trustable by the major root store operators (operating system vendors, browser makers). It's not trivial. 2) The original reason was because it was assumed (correctly) that due to hardware improvements keys that were previously strong would become weak. So it was supposed to encode a length of time after which the cert owner would be forced to re-evaluate key strength. Nowadays the browser makers are tending to lean on CAs to push expiry times downwards so they expire quicker, the reason being that updating the SSL ecosystem often requires new features or changes in certificates, and if certs can last 5 years then it means a full upgrade takes 5 years, whereas if certs expire after one year then one year after deployment begins everyone is updated. Pretty big difference. It's for this reason that EV certs are specced to expire after a year: it means standards can be revved quicker. I suspect this will start hitting problems when users discover that lots of sites break in unexpected or mysterious ways when run in "Super Private Mode" or whatever they call it. Tor is blocked or treated suspiciously by a LOT of different sites. It's not at all a free upgrade. Yes, but those wages are rising only to the level below which robots can do the jobs cheaper. The days when working in a factory was enough for a good middle class life are dead and will never come back. Manufacturing, long term, is likely to look like agriculture does today: employing only a relative handful of people. This leaves the question of what everyone else does. Computer programming? I'd really like the answer to be "not much because we're all so rich we don't have to work", but it seems our societies are nowhere near rich enough to pull that one off. The internet in general has problems with this, but I suspect it's much worse in the open source world where unmoderated forums are standard. If you look at the moderation tools available in something like mailman, they're very poor. It's just not been a priority for technical discussion forums at all. And the social convention is to leave forums largely unmoderated anyway, so it's easy to get into a downward spiral where behaviour gets more and more extreme as people try to make their opinions stand out amongst the crowd. What's worse, the fact that this scares off contributors is hard to spot, because you by definition cannot easily measure contributions that would have happened but didn't because of a community problem. If you look at non-technical forums like Facebook, newspaper comment sections etc there's usually some form of moderation that imposes house rules like "be civil". This sort of thing can clean up individual forums but the wider problem remains: some people are just nasty and they often believe they can influence the development of their favourite project by being sufficiently nasty to developers they disagree with. If they can't do that in the project's own forums they'll do it elsewhere. The Bitcoin community has pretty severe problems with this too, it's not just a Linux thing. It's really not political correctness to just keep technical discussions calm and non-personal. Meanwhile, consider the chilling effect that kind of attitude has. I know quite a few skilled engineers who would just walk out if their boss talked to them like that, regardless of the merits of the underlying discussion. It's just wildly unprofessional and when Linus does that kind of thing, it sets the tone for all the other Linux-wannabe's who think "great engineers flame people!! i should flame people too!!". You realise that there are large, commercial projects that are just as high stakes as the Linux kernel or arguably even higher stakes, and they manage to operate with reasonable team dynamics? There is no correlation between "runs an important project" and "must be an asshole" even though certainly everyone has off days from time to time (I've been known to flame people when reaching the end of my tether but usually regretted it later). I think this notion - which Linus pushes - that the alternative to yelling at people and generally being short tempered is always "political correctness" ... well it's quite harmful. Yes, it CAN get that way, if people interpret criticism of their work as personal criticism and try to shut it down by complaining about it. I've seen that happen before. Some people don't know how to handle someone implying, even if politely, that their work sucks and can't handle it. But that doesn't mean it has to be that way and well functioning teams manage to avoid it. But again, nobody is forcing you to use systemd. You are upset because you want to upgrade some part of your OS but not have systemd, even though the developers of the part you want to upgrade decided to use it. But you could just .... not upgrade. You could use Debian Stable, or fork the programs that are using systemd to take it out. It's been years since I used desktop Linux, but frankly so far my impression of systemd is that it sounds like someone in the Linux community is finally doing some damned architecture work for once instead of just trying to build a desktop on top of a pile of historical accidents. I remember when GNOME 2 was being developed (back then I was a user) and the massive, rampaging flamewars about how GNOME 2 was killing Linux, how it was fundamentally against the UNIX way etc. Back then it was Havoc Pennington who got shitted on by the "community" for daring to suggest that maybe you don't really need seven kinds of clock widget installed by default. And now what I see is people forking GNOME because they love GNOME 2 so much and they don't want to switch to GNOME 3. Back when I used to work on Linux related stuff, one of my projects was a cross-distro packaging framework. The idea was you could create binaries that'd install and be upgradeable on any reasonable distribution. We did a lot of work into binary compatibility and other tools so you could make binaries that soft-linked against libraries, etc. The amount of crap we got was unreal. A lot of people in high places in the community, especially from distributions, hated the idea that maybe people could just download apps from a website and it'd work. I think at some level they understood that distros competed largely on the size of their package repositories and if that approach to software distribution became mainstream they'd lose their "lock in". And some of them had internalised the idea that "Linux is great. Linux doesn't distribute software in the same way as other platforms. Therefore that's what makes Linux great." When I look at MacOS X what I see is a very successful OS that has an architecture rather similar to what systemd sounds like (the OS X equivalent is called Launch Services). So maybe that's why distros are getting behind it. Well, as a good software-engineer-and-qualified-lawyer friend of mine has said, "the power of the law is in its capacity for vagueness". I often wish law was written more like a computer program, with lots of unit tests up front. But I have no idea how to actually achieve that. Real life is so much more complex than input to any computer program that an attempt to formalise law even more than it already is formalised would just result in it being totally incomprehensible to the people who have to follow it (as opposed to mostly). Plus the man on the street tends to get very angry when people who are "obviously" guilty get off on a technicality. The next release of Kotlin has a change to the type system to make this a lot less painful, apparently. I'm waiting for it before proceeding with Kotlin. As to kotlin vs ceylon, no real strong preference either way, they both seem strong. I'm planning on going with Kotlin longer term because I am already an IntelliJ user and because it has a Java-to-Kotlin converter. But do those library functions actually exist or did you write them just now? So ..... he ended up doing far more work than he would have done had Go been like any other modern language? Without detail about what these refactorings were and why he didn't write the code that way at first, what lessons he drew from it etc this anecdote is not very useful. Although it's kind of minor, the way the NSA hack people is by hijacking non-SSLd connections and feeding them exploit kits. So, the more SSL there is, the harder it is and the longer it takes for them to do that. No. The Google voice recognition stuff does not have a personality or try to be a character. This was an explicit design decision, I believe, made early on. They are going for a "you are asking Google and the answer is spoken with the voice of Google", presumably, people are more tolerant of mistakes the less human-like a machine tries to be. Really cool! Maybe we should try and get this embedded into bitcoin.org? It'd be neat if you could see dollar amounts too, so people who don't follow Bitcoin 24/7 can get a feel for how much money is whizzing around. Nothing, and it's interesting that they have enough computational power to do that for a relatively trivial project. Meanwhile, whilst I applaud Facebook going above and beyond here, this doesn't set a good precedent. Firstly, Onion service are very slow. There is no need to pay this cost for a service whose ownership is not actually hidden. If the Tor project made it easier to reliably identify traffic from Tor exit nodes, Facebook could apply whatever rules they wanted to Tor traffic without needing to slow things down for everyone. Secondly, by doing this, there's now a risk that other firms who want to be on the cutting edge of privacy will try to copycat this approach, even though it makes no sense and is very complex and expensive to set up. Worse, users might think it's some kind of "gold standard". Thirdly, it doesn't actually solve any of the reasons why Tor traffic is routinely discriminated against and harassed: Tor is effectively a "bulletproof ISP" that shields a lot of abuse and hacking. Merely making a Tor hidden service specifically for Facebook doesn't solve that, at all. Accessing an .onion address via Tor is slower than accessing a normal website via Tor. If this onion service is now the official way to access Facebook via Tor and direct access doesn't work well, then this is slowing things down. Tor's current support for detecting usage is patchy. You can't query a random third party website for every login for a system like Facebook, so you need a list of IPs that can be refreshed quickly. But such lists tend to be incomplete or behind e.g. the "exit" flag doesn't mean what you'd intuitively expect, so it's sometimes possible for Tor traffic to turn up from an IP that is not identified as an exit. Re: MITM security. Even if Facebook got lucky here, we're talking about an 80 bit identifier and brute forcing these has been demonstrated before, I believe. I'm not sure this is much of an upgrade over just regular SSL CA + HSTS pinning. (edit: last paragraph) Yes, you're right, it's just an option and presumably access via the regular web address will still work. It may be that the hidden service is a way to identify Tor traffic, but it shouldn't really be necessary to do that if Tor had the right support in it. And of course you cannot assume everyone who uses Facebook via Tor will know about this service, unless TBB itself is adjusted to force usage, in which case you're now changing Tor and could as well make exit identification 100% reliable. It means you can log in without that provider knowing where you physically are. Useful for people in, say, Pakistan who might otherwise get "trial by metadata and punishment by Reaper drone". But yes it's a very specialised use case. Most people won't care. Fully anonymous accounts will require something like Bitcoin proof of sacrifice or multi jurisdictional identity escrow. But the problem for those is that there's far more demand from abusive users than legitimate users, so it's hard to make a business case for providing such support. They manage abuse by expecting networks to handle malicious users, and blocking entire networks that fail to do so. Tor doesn't handle abuse by design so gets blocked a lot. It's not being singled out our treated specially in that regard. But does TBB check for revocations? I bet the answer is no because otherwise it'd be sending the sites you visit to CA's via OCSP and Tor would never want that. So I think you still win. > DuckDuckGo is being irrational? Keybase? Riseup? Yes. There just isn't any really solid technical reason to do this. The closest I saw was something like "newspaper dropbox wants to force people to use Tor and an onion address is the easiest way to do that", but again, they could just identify traffic from exit nodes and block anything that isn't coming from there, if there were better tools for it. I'm not sure it is. I'm not a huge fan of tip4commit either, I agree that it's opt-out model is bogus, but the fact that it uses Bitcoin seems irrelevant. The author seems to believe he cannot accept tips, because of tax and regulation, but he doesn't point out what specifically would cause problems here. Obviously people make and accept tips using euros all the time, this is not illegal, so why it would be different using Bitcoin isn't obvious. You can declare tips as income, no problem. The real cause of his discomfort is revealed later in the post: Personally I believe that Bitcoin is a terrible currency ... If you have a completely broken piece of country then I can imagine that you are suspicious of regulation and this sort of thing, but for me regulation is what keeps my world running and working. Also, Bitcoin for me feels like a cult. The vocal people in the community seem like they don't actually care about Bitcoin, but they want to see it succeed so that their "investment" makes a profit So he has a generalised feeling that Bitcoin is bad because it's popular and has vocal fans, and that regulation is good yet also complicated, so anything which seems simple must be unregulated and therefore bad. I do not consider myself particularly libertarian, though I do use and work on Bitcoin. Regardless, this doesn't seem like a great set of arguments. Rather, the author has decided that because a lot of Bitcoin users don't seem to like government, and he likes government, he should not like Bitcoin. Could you explain why accepting tips is so complicated? What specific law means you cannot do it? Let me put this another way. If your friends give you money for your birthday, do you give it back to them and tell them you can't accept their gift because of tax and regulation? I doubt it! You may well declare the gifts on your tax return if it's big enough to bother with, but if Austria makes it hard to accept cash gifts of small amounts then something is seriously wrong with Austrian law and this is not something to be defended. Sure, of course. I haven't argued that he should be forced to accept tips against his will, that would be bizarre indeed. But the article I'm responding to doesn't just say "I don't want tips, thanks", it's a long blog post that states quite clearly the author believes nobody can accept tips this way, that Bitcoin is useless, that anyone who doesn't love paperwork must live in a broken country, etc. It's not a simple position statement, it's quite the polemic! Meanwhile, lots of people are tipping each other apparently without problems. Given this state of affairs, it seems a reasonable question to ask. After all, that's what this web page is for - discussing the blog post. Eh? Police do that routinely. How do you think they get evidence to prove a building was a meth lab or crack house? They get a warrant, bust down the door and go inside. How do you think they get internal business documents when prosecuting white collar fraud? They get a warrant or subpoena and force the potentially guilty parties to hand over documents. I'm not sure why this seems like a radical departure. "The cloud" is a very recent phenomenon. Up until quite recently almost all interesting documents were held only by the suspect parties themselves. I didn't find his comments especially entertaining, and I don't think my sense of humour is faulty, so let's rule out the court jester theory. That leaves "using the best arguments for the case he truly believes in, however weak". This I think would correctly fall under the umbrella of incompetence. At some point, rational people are supposed to evaluate their own arguments and change their beliefs if they can't sustain them anymore. In this case he has strongly implied that "tech people" with a libertarian bent are naive and their beliefs crumble the moment they're faced with the real world. Insulting the people you need help from isn't a good start. But regardless, I don't know of any tech companies that have real problems complying with a robust, trustworthy process that includes many checks and balances to ensure only people widely agreed to be criminals get investigated. The whole problem has started because that system has broken down over time and post-Snowden been revealed as nothing more than a political sleight of hand. I think they are analogous - police usually start by asking nicely if they can search your home, and only get rough if you refuse. WRT decryption the USA is currently in a weird spot: some countries don't have the same hangups about forcing people to reveal encryption keys or unlock codes if there is a valid warrant or court order. I think the USA will go the same direction; if I understand American history correctly the purpose of the 5th Amendment was to avoid people being coerced into giving false testimony? It doesn't really apply to things like combination locks or passwords where there's no coercion risk so the original reasoning behind the amendment would not apply. My white collar example was thinking about banks, anti-trust and other such things where the suspect is the organisation as a whole. I think they are analogous - police usually start by asking nicely if they can search your home, and only get rough if you refuse. WRT decryption the USA is currently in a weird spot: some countries don't have the same hangups about forcing people to reveal encryption keys or unlock codes if there is a valid warrant or court order. I think the USA will go the same direction; if I understand American history correctly the purpose of the 5th Amendment was to avoid people being coerced into giving false testimony? It doesn't really apply to things like combination locks or passwords where there's no coercion risk so the original reasoning behind the amendment would not apply. My white collar example was thinking about banks, anti-trust and other such things where the suspect is the organisation as a whole. Well, this problem is fundamental to trying to tax entities that don't have any specific location. Taxing people is quite simple because you can't split a person up - just count the days they reside in a particular tax jurisdiction and once it goes over a certain number of days per year, you say "you are resident here, benefiting from our services, so pay us tax" and as long as that number of days per year is reasonable, it all sort of works. And it feels fair(ish) because people can vote, so they get to control what their tax money is spent on, modulo lots of handwaving about how we all use insufficiently good voting systems. A company though, can be split up and spread around, and many modern companies operate almost everywhere and yet nowhere in particular. That's very true of internet companies that don't need any local presence to operate in a country. Additionally they are seen as ideal tax targets by politicians because they can't vote, and are often perceived as "foreign" even if the reality is rather more complex, and people perceive tax on corporations to be free as the price increases that it (theoretically) results in can't be distinguished from general price rises due to inflation. So we end up in a messy situation that suits nobody. Big companies exploit their trans-national nature to try and get taxed in places that don't really need the money like Luxembourg. Big countries try and exploit their size to extract as much money as possible from the evil foreign capitalists, regardless of where they may actually be based. Companies get taxed without representation and we just sort of ignore this because we feel they can already buy too much influence with politicians anyway, even without them actually getting to vote on anything. And in the end, governments still don't have enough money. Economists who study this problem sometimes conclude that the best rate to set corporation tax at is zero; they argue that "dead weight costs" of corporation taxes are very high compared to most taxes and besides, ultimately the costs get passed on to consumers. Of course this ignores the fact that business is global but taxation and voting is still very local. What might make theoretical sense in a textbook rarely seems sensible to the man on the street. I'm not American and don't live in America, so I guess you need to rethink that bit. Companies are clearly not people. If they were, they wouldn't be able to go jurisdictional shopping so easily. Taxation without representation is pretty widely recognised as problematic though. Not for nothing did it help trigger the war of independence against in the colonies against the British. Think about it: if you can't influence politicians in any way, what stops them taxing 100% of your labour? The only thing that stops governments doing this at the moment is the fear of consequences from their citizens: either at the ballot box in democracies or at the hands of the mob in dictatorships. Companies can't vote and they can't rebel, so there has to be some kind of pressure that pushes back against ever higher taxation. Usually this is indirect: countries fear that if they tax companies too much, they'll go bust, people will lose their jobs, and then those people will vote. But when companies are largely distributed and a government doesn't feel any real exposure via their own population, the natural tendency is to say "if you want to sell to our citizens, you have to pay us lots of tax" and there's not much a company can do about it except simply deny an entire population their services, which is about as useful a response as a person deciding the best way to lower their tax bill is to throw themselves off a bridge. Nobody wins in this situation! > In my view, companies (and their investors) have the privilege of being able to profit by providing services to citizens, and they should pay (be taxed) for this privilege. Since when is the ability to make a profit by engaging in trade a "privilege"? People were doing that in the earliest tribes and farming settlements where the closest thing to a government was the local alpha male. The privilege of taxation is one people grant to governments in return for the stability and ability to make long term plans that they provide; but that privilege can be revoked and has been throughout history. I don't see such a huge distinction between people and companies as you do. Companies are just groups of people working together. They aren't totally alien things. Governments always claim that their tax is "fair", that doesn't mean anything. We have to evaluate fairness ourselves. In this case, what does "fair" mean? People tolerate taxation because they get something back from it. That's it - that's the only reason. It's not because politicians or governments have some natural right to exist, it's because the benefits outweigh the costs (again, in theory, ignoring that no government is even close to perfectly representative). But what benefits do companies get from the tax they pay? The answer is, very few and nothing on the scale as what people get. Companies don't use roads or schools or hospitals, their employees use those and they already pay tax. Companies can use the courts, but they usually have to pay for that at the point of use, they don't qualify for legal aid or anything like that. They can also benefit from things like copyrights or patents, except these days at least in the tech sector patents seem more of a cost than a benefit. I'd happily opt my company out of that "benefit" if I could. They certainly are not immortal, companies go bust all the time. Meanwhile, people that can't afford to play the game and make deals with Luxembourg can easily lose out badly in your so-called fair world. A few people form a company and start selling some products. 20% of the sale price goes to the government where the customer was based. But then, in the absence of double taxation treaties, the government where the company is based (if there is a single such place) would take another 20%. Then when the company actually pays the people who did the work, those governments might take another 20-40%. 0.8 * 0.8 * 0.7 (let's say 30% personal income tax) == 0.448, in other words you ended up losing most of the money you earned just to corporation and personal income tax. That's before including things like employment taxes, taxes on property and so on. This provides a powerful incentive to simply not sell to other countries at all, and this makes everyone poorer. Which is why there are double taxation treaties. But once you have those, you have to accept that other countries will have different opinions about tax and different needs, and trying to slice up the cake will inevitably result in big fights and compromises. The hole in the law is not really a hole, it's designed to work like that. The EU single market was created to simplify trade across borders in Europe, because that makes everyone wealthier. Imagine if every country had to make everything itself! Tax is a big part of what makes trade complicated. If you had to file taxes in dozens of different languages, dozens of times, each year to every EU country, it'd be much harder to sell across the single market. So the EU does not require that, you can incorporate once and sell to the whole market. That means, you get to pick where in the EU you incorporate, and as different regions have different levels of taxation .... well, it's no different to freedom of movement for individuals. They can go live somewhere with lower taxes if they want to. The places they didn't choose to live might not like that, but you can't have both simplicity and every government getting to tax everyone else. EU law functions via directives, which are implemented by governments into local law. It's a little different to the US federal system. Those southern European countries do have direct control of their own finances. They could declare bankruptcy and start over if they wanted to. When people say they are 'controlled' by Germany or whatever, those people are in a lazy and misleading way saying that those countries preferred to get loans from other countries and submit to those lenders requirements rather than immediately make their spending match their tax revenues ... because borrowing is easier, politically. But that's still a free choice they made. WRT wrongness, you seem to believe that any country which charges a lower tax rate than any other country is somehow immoral? You want a global government that sets a single tax rate for every person and company on earth? That's one way to avoid people playing jurisdictional arbitrage, but I don't see anyone arguing for that. Most countries use VAT rather than sales tax, which is generally agreed by people who specialise in tax incidence to be better, but comes with its own interesting forms of evasion (see "carousel fraud"). Phasing out corporation tax entirely would be impossible for most countries to do quickly because such a huge part of their budgets come from that. In the UK it's about 25% I believe and the government there is still spending far, far more than it takes in via tax, so losing 25% of that revenue is a non-starter, and making it up with higher personal income taxes would be politically impossible: even if you could prove mathematically it was equivalent or better to do that, people feel very strongly that there exists an "us vs them" relationship between people and companies, where "us" often includes the government. This is despite that most people work for companies, and there's lots of evidence governments should sometimes be in the "them" bucket. I don't really know where societies go from here with corporation tax - there are so many good arguments against it, but it's sort of like trying to give up smoking. You can argue all you want but lots of countries just aren't going to do it. The first step would be to get western state finances more balanced though. Once governments aren't ballooning their debt, more complex arguments about taxation become possible to make. Whilst they're all spiralling the drain it's too hard. Then, a house somewhere caches fire and the whole city burns down, because no one was willing to pay for a single fire truck. Yes tax is often to used to pay for public goods, though fire isn't a perfect example because in some parts of the world actually fire protection is considered a product that you buy from the government and you actually can opt out of it. In that case if your home catches fire the fire fighters will turn up and do only as much work as needed to stop it spreading, but they won't bother trying to save your home: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/10/04/firefighters-watch-... That story is pretty brutal, especially if they really did forget to pay the fee and not merely decide to opt out, though it's hard to know after the fact of course. But it is possible and it does happen. Still, there are lots of other examples of public goods funded via taxation and vaccination is a good one. One point of terminology confusion here: sales tax and VAT are not the same thing. Sales taxes usually only apply when goods are sold to a consumer at retail. VATs apply at all parts of the supply chain and have rules in place to charge tax only on the value delta. America uses sales tax, I think most other places (and certainly Europe) use VAT. It's very confusing to claim they are the same thing. Additionally sales taxes are not normally described as progressive - it's the opposite, they are considered regressive : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sales_tax (see the "effects" section) ... because the rate is the same no matter what your income is. Rich people don't necessarily consume more: they can choose to consume the same amount as poorer people and often do just because many goods are pretty uniform. I.e. rich people tend to use the same smartphones as middle or even lower income people. They don't use smartphones that cost 10,000x as much even if that's how much more they earn. I'm not saying there should be no double tax treaties - there should be, of course, but companies should not be able pay less tax on the profits generated within one country, just because taxes in the other country are lower. Companies don't generate profits within a country, they generate sales, and they already pay the local rates of sales tax or VAT. Attempting to bodge this arrangement is why politicians are always screaming about how unfair profit-shifting is, but it's fundamental - how do you define where a profit is made? Deciding where a sale is made is not too hard because you can identify the location of the person who bought the good or service, or where the business is headquartered, but when you add up all the profits from these sales which country gets to help themselves? Consider Google. Is their profit made in California because that's where they were founded and where the brains of the search engine are made? Or Ireland, because that's where the sales people were made? Or Switzerland because there's an office there that contributed a nifty feature that increased profits? How much does each country contribute towards a companies profit? Trying to figure this out is a mugs game, it's entirely arbitrary, which is why companies can game it so easily by having subsidiaries license IP from each other and so on - who can really say what arrangement is correct? In theory, in the EU, it's simple: profit is booked where the company is headquartered. Same thing for the USA, hence all the companies registered in Delaware, a notorious tax haven. Sometimes you can't arrange things in this way because you need / want to operate outside that trading bloc, this is when you start getting subsidiaries that pay their parent companies huge licensing costs for IP or the brand, but really it's just about moving profits to where the company wants them to be. Yes, the Greek people really really didn't want to see the Drachma come back. They know that their corrupt and inefficient government would inflate away their currency at a prodigious rate if they went back to having their own currency and the rules imposed by the foreign lenders are really the best way to reform their governments. Kind of messed up, but there it is. Do you seriously think Luxembourg is actually some kind of third world state that is only doing well because it has low corporation taxes? I think you should review the economies of countries painted as tax havens before concluding that. And of course big democratic countries can lower corporation taxes. If the citizens prefer not to do that, OK, that's their choice, but companies leaving is the expected outcome of that. It's not some kind of immorality on the behalf of other citizens of other countries to exploit that. Unless you're going to paint all Irish people as immoral, for example, which is absurd. Finally: it's an easy sleight of hand trick to suggest that the "darknet" traffic solely in substances Absolutely. For example these sites routinely sell guns into parts of the world with strict and popular gun control policies. Ask an average man on the British street if their country is being made safer by sites that let anyone easily buy guns that are delivered to the door, and see what response you get ... The Mexican cartels don't only engage in drug related crime; the idea that Mexico would become a peaceful utopia overnight if only you could buy crystal meth at your local supermarket doesn't have much evidence to support it. Knowing that Tor traffic comes and goes through a server isn't enough. Most data centers would not just hand over disk images just because a server is running Tor and a hidden service. You would need good evidence that the particular hidden service you seek is hosted at that particular data center. They can just enumerate every hidden service, figure out which ones are doing something obviously illegal, then once they locate a datacenter that is likely to be hosting hidden services e.g. accepts payment in Bitcoin, get netflow data and pump traffic at each hidden service in turn. When a synchronised block of encrypted traffic turns up at a host, there's your probable cause to go image the server: it's practically bulletproof evidence that the hidden service corresponding to some black market is running on that machine. The only bottleneck to this approach is finding the datacenters, but there aren't that many which accept Bitcoin for payment, and I bet intelligence agencies can easily provide a list of every colocation facility that is running long term connections to the Tor network. Heck they can probably identify the precise machines by doing traffic correlation automatically - it's the sort of task they'd be good at, and they have the infrastructure. I don't think they will. Remember, the FBI's story about a leaky captcha only came out very recently. SR2 had been running for a long time by then. And there's currently no info about how they found the servers for 414 different onion sites: seems most likely they have beaten hidden service security and can now find most or all of the ones they want. No opsec gonna save you from that. You don't even need to take them offline. Just send them a lot of traffic: done. QUANTUM + XKEYSCORE + some MapReductions would make mincemeat of this problem. I think you should reconsider integration of Tor. This is quite likely to end badly for you. If the police reports are true SR2 had 150,000 users: if even a fraction of those decide to migrate to OpenBazaar at some point, any legitimate usage will likely be overwhelmed by illegal usage. That would put you in the unenviable position of being the next DPR, except not anonymous (Silk Road sold books as well as drugs but that didn't matter). Your best bet is to just not ensure IP addresses are recorded and unobfuscated. That'll help tip the balance towards legal activity. Um, I used a phrasing that was intended to be slightly more interesting and less dry than "the idea that Mexico would not have violent cartels overnight if ...." - but it should have been obvious what I meant. You're indeed the one who shifted the goal posts there. You suggested that prohibition is the reason reporters get their heads chopped off in Mexico. I pointed out that it's not the case; cartels do more than just drugs trafficking. You then requested I provide a principled argument for prohibition, as if that's a response to me pointing out a flaw in your own argument. Nope. PHP is overwhelmingly used for ordinary, legitimate websites and has no particular features designed to aid criminal usage. It's all about volume and intent. Still, “it’s perfectly appropriate for us to do everything we can to embarrass and punish the Chinese if they’re in our systems, whether or not we’re in theirs,” said former National Security Agency general counsel Stewart A. Baker. “It’s the case that the U.S. and Russia and other countries are much more cautious about getting caught because they think there are going to be consequences. It’s only the Chinese that think there are no consequences to getting caught.” Stewart Baker making himself look foolish again! Last time he popped up on HN: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8559454 I really wonder how someone can come out with stuff like this. I doubt the PRC feels one iota of embarrassment for even one split second, and if senior US officials really bring up Chinese state sponsored hacking "every time they meet with their counterparts in Beijing" then the US Government is living up to its reputation as plumbing the depths of hypocrisy. They embarrass only themselves. We need to do a lot of work to understand what users want. Hence the experiment. I suspect you already know what users want: no ads on the web at all, but also no change to the everything-is-free paradigm those ads enable. As what they want cannot be delivered, you will encounter the same problems as all previous attempts. I suspect you will come to hate this feature. Just because an class happens to have a method called close() does not mean it works the same way as another class that also has a close method. An interface is much deeper than the prototypes of its methods, and pretending you can pattern match an API to whatever names a code author happened to pick is likely to lead to pain eventually ... From the article: Does this update contain any additional security-related changes to functionality? Yes. In addition to the changes that are listed in the Vulnerability Information section of this bulletin, this update includes changes to available TLS cipher suites. This update includes new TLS cipher suites that offer more robust encryption to protect customer information. These new cipher suites all operate in Galois/counter mode (GCM), and two of them offer perfect forward secrecy (PFS) by using DHE key exchange together with RSA authentication. After Heartbleed, I decided to run a Java servlet container as my direct web server so I can use JSSE rather than OpenSSL or some other SSL stack written in C. It seems to me that if you can, an SSL stack written in a safe language is not a bad idea. JSSE is pretty modern though doesn't support every possible feature (it's missing OCSP stapling at the moment). But it can do forward secrecy and AES-GCM. I get an A- from the Qualys test: for some reason PFS doesn't work with IE and it doesn't like that my cert has a SHA1 based signature (I'll go get my cert reissued at some point). Oh and the SCSV fallback hack is missing. Otherwise it's doing OK. And ... no buffer overflows. The website in question doesn't get much traffic at the moment, so performance is not an issue. Modern JVMs can use AES-NI hardware instructions when available, in some cases at least, so I'd imagine it's not too awful. But I honestly don't know. Benchmarks would be interesting. Yes, I know there have been timing attacks, and the ones I know about were fixed. So I'm not sure they're pretty much unfixable. Regardless, I am more afraid of buffer overflows and general memory management errors than I am of timing attacks. Heartbleed was orders of magnitude easier to exploit than (say) the Bleichenbacher attacks that JSSE has been vulnerable to. I was hearing about Midori years ago, since then nothing. Singularity is clearly a shelved project at this point. Shame: as you say, it was pretty amazing work. Every time I read a kernel CVE I think .... sigh. If only Singularity had gone further. At runtime modern Java is around 10x slower than modern C++ (assuming both are fully optimised and the benchmark is relatively unbiased). I don't think you can pick a single number like that, it depends very much on what the code is doing. You probably got this 10x figure from a Google paper published a few years ago ( https://days2011.scala-lang.org/sites/days2011/files/ws3-1-H... ). Redux: the default out of the box 32 bit JVM (in 2011) was 12x slower than the same algorithm implemented in Java. But with a few simple GC flag changes, it became 3.7x slower. And then the Java version had a few further simple optimisations applied to the code and it became as fast as the original C++ version. Meanwhile the C++ version was optimised again and became around 3x to 5x faster, but that version relied heavily on Google proprietary data structure code and could not be open sourced (!). So for most programmers on most projects, it seems likely to be a wash. Meanwhile an alternative benchmark that reimplemented a non-trivial C++ program in Java found it became 1.09 to 1.5 times slower, but that was with Java 6 which is now two generations out of date: http://www.best-of-robotics.org/pages/publications/gherardi1... It would be interesting to get more recent benchmarks with the latest JVMs and C++ compilers. Right - it is looking more and more like truly constant time code can only be obtained by using hand written assembly or hardware. In that eventuality, I guess the core crypto code in the JVM will have to be changed to use hand written assembly as well, however, SSL is huge and most of it doesn't need to be constant time (certificate parsing, managing network buffers, message parsing etc). That is often where the bugs creep in. Going with JSSE does have the downside that it's less widely used. Browser makers don't patch it with the latest gizmos like they do with OpenSSL. However, it's at least got a full time development team (unlike OpenSSL until very recently), and ultimately if there are odd conformance bugs lurking the only way they'll be shaken out is by people using it for real. Passing the Qualys test is a good start, but for now my little website is ideal because it is unlikely to ever be popular enough to have serious scaling issues and I can tolerate some incompatibility with odd clients. Java has certain qualities that make it sometimes harder to optimise, which is one reason it relies so heavily on profile guided optimisation. For example, it's very vulnerable to GC stalls if escape analysis can't identify all your variables as eligible for stack allocation. Escape analysis is complex and a little fragile, from what I've heard (I never tested it myself). He's talking about a couple of recent very clever timing attacks on JSSE. However they are not comparable to Heartbleed or this SChannel overflow in severity at all: (1) They require you to have a pre-recorded SSL session you're trying to crack. Random script kiddies won't find it useful. (2) They require sending a lot of traffic to the server to try and break that single recording (you can get caught quite easily!) (3) They don't reveal the private key, only per connection premaster secrets (if I understood correctly). Basically, the first attack was possible because JSSE returned "internal server error" when faced with a particular kind of malformed packet instead of "bad padding" - this binary yes/no thing was enough to allow the attacker to divine some internal state and with enough queries retrieve the PMS. The second was a similar trick but instead of observing a different error code, it exploited the fact that internally the code was throwing an exception and this made a difference of some microseconds in the response. Over a LAN, with enough queries, that was enough to eventually reveal the PMS. However when running over a much noisier environment like the internet, number of queries required goes up quite a bit. I believe, they did not test that. As I said before, they were both fixed, and I think Rich now agrees with me that they were fixed. There may be others that would require compiler support or hand coding of assembly to fix. Certainly there's nothing in the design of Java or the JVM that makes that impossible however. Stuff handling key material is only a small part of the overall SSL picture. One of the reasons websites have been slow to roll out SSL for everything is CPU load, so it's a legitimate concern for a high traffic website. However, most of the ways SSL was speeded up involved algorithmic / protocol level improvements and not micro-optimisations of the code. So I'm not sure that a safe language has a permanent disadvantage here. I'm not aware of any intent on adding unsigned types in Java 9 though. The lack of them is a real PITA, for sure. Not only for performance but it's incredibly easy to forget a & 0xFF here or there and introduce bugs. The MMAP thing is also a good point. I believe HotSpot will compile the get methods on the MappedByteBuffer down to raw access so it shouldn't matter much for performance, in theory, but the code is still damned ugly. I never understood why they can't expose it as a byte[]. Um, if you reimplemented UNIX in Java you'd probably do a much better job than the UNIX creators were able to do. In particular, running a program from bash would simply classload it into the existing VM, not invoke a whole separate VM, and then it'd be more or less instant, except you'd have the potential for much more flexible APIs and combinations of tools. Look at PowerShell for an example. In practice big GUI apps like Eclipse are not intended to share a single VM with lots of other things, let alone multiple instances of itself. If people wanted to write tools that did that (i.e. if it was common) then they could, but it's not enforced. For example even if at the Java level you can separate stuff out, native code to handle the GUI framework might not be expecting it. Well, maybe - people are gonna want to win, right? I don't see how this is much different to any game where players can share strategies and tips. They could try, but they might not get it, and the carriers wouldn't like it - better to ask forgiveness than permission, right? I think it says this in the article. It's already fixed (I think) from UMTS upwards. In GSM (2G) the tower authenticated the handset but not vice versa. In UMTS+ the authentication is mutual. To impersonate a cell tower you would therefore need to be able to sign with the carriers signing keys. One of the most interesting and unreported aspects of these Stingray boxes is how they handle the 2G/3G divergence here. In the USA there's also CDMA to think about and I don't know how that handles authentication, if at all. I suspect such IMSI catchers emulate a GSM base station and possibly jam 3G frequencies to try and force phones to downgrade. I don't think there's any way to tell phones to never use GSM even if it's the only option, but if there was, I suspect that'd "fix" things (except most people wouldn't know about or use them). Ultimately the only thing that can stop this is a phasing out of 2G entirely but that won't happen any time soon, and even once it's done, by that point law enforcement will have got used to the ability to just follow everyone around all the time and would insist that they MUST be able to use these devices otherwise chaos and anarchy would follow, so they'd probably mount a vigorous lobbying campaign to get the signing keys. Your information is out of date. Modern Qualcomm basebands are restricted by an MMU and isolated from the main OS. Carriers wanted this because baseband exploits were such a common way for phones to get rooted. Additionally they have been hardened considerably in recent times, apparently modern Qualcomm basebands are much, much harder to hack than they once were. And they run now on a proprietary CPU design called, I think, Hexagon, which makes even just disassembling the thing a bit tricky. Would love to know more about the "Pairing and Crypt attacks" along with "Cryptovariable management". Probably the pairing here is referring to the pairing between client and server rather than the cryptographic technique of using pairings ... but it seems this hasn't surfaced in any of the other snowden docs. I often wish the journalists working on that story had released more source material. Yes, but then there are a lot of startups in the Valley and the vast majority are not Googles or Facebooks. It does tend to look quite bubbly. And from an investor POV perhaps Twitter is not something to aim for, profits-wise. Another problem is that the current bubble (if you want to call it that) seems heavily driven by the tendency of Google and Facebook to engage in enormous acquisitions of otherwise unremarkable or even no-hope businesses. A lot of companies don't seem to have any business plan beyond "get bought". But the big fish want companies down the road so the employees can all relocate to HQ. They don't typically want to acquire companies in other countries unless that company is truly something unique. It wasn't done a long time ago because running a CA costs money (which is why they charge for certificates), so whoever signs up to run one is signing up for a money sink with no prospect of direct ROI, potentially for a loooooong time. This new CA is to be run by a non-profit that uses corporate sponsorship rather than being supported by the market; whether that's actually a better model in the long run is I suppose an open question. But lots of other bits of internet infrastructure are funded this way, so perhaps it's no big deal. There aren't a whole lot of privacy concerns with CA's as long as you use OCSP stapling, so users browsers aren't hitting up the CA each time they visit a website (Chrome never does this but other browsers can do). Re: CA compromise. One reason running a CA costs money is that the root store policies imposed by the CA/Browser Forum require (I think!) the usage of a hardware security module which holds the signing keys. This means a compromised CA could issue a bunch of certs for as long as the compromise is active, but in theory it should be hard or impossible to steal the key. Once the hackers are booted out of the CA's network, it goes back to being secure. Of course quite some damage can be done during this time, and that's what things like Certificate Transparency are meant to mediate - they let everyone see what CAs are doing. > ISRG will be operating a new root CA for this project. Are you going to be cross-signed by IdenTrust or something? If you're really going to try and create a new root CA from scratch, surely you will be impaled on the spike of low coverage for many years? You can revoke your trust in any CA at any time, you don't even need to see any errors! Just click the little padlock each time you visit a secure website and see if the CA is in your good books. If it's not, pretend the padlock isn't there! OK, that's a little awkward. A browser extension could automate this. But in practice, nobody wants to do this, because hardly anyone has opinions on particular CAs. It's a sort of meta-opinion - some people feel strongly they should be able to feel strongly about CAs, but hardly anyone actually does. So nobody uses such browser extensions. It's not arbitrary. It simplifies things for users a lot. No usernames or passwords to remember. Many telcos link your phone number to your identity which you cannot really lose, so therefore also no chance of losing your WhatsApp account. Also, more importantly, solves the contact discovery/social network problem by letting you reuse the phones address book. >You'll find that many people are very reluctant to give up that sort of information about themselves though Erm. I suspect you don't realise that WhatsApp has over half a billion users. It's as large as the major webmail services and nearly as large as Facebook itself. Society has reached consensus on this issue very fast - phone numbers as your identity work well, and any app that wants to be accepted by the market has to work this way exclusively. I pointed this out in a comment a few days ago, but the era in handset design when basebands were unilaterally trusted is over. I believe modern Qualcomm basebands are firewalled off from the rest of the device using MMUs, they do not have the ability to do DMA and their firmware is significantly hardened using techniques like ASLR, stack canaries and even using a proprietary VLIW instruction set that is barely documented. Handset makers and carriers all have strong financial incentives to harden the basebands against hacks because they don't want people unlocking their phones, which was often being done by exploiting bugs in basebands. Also, they need the airwaves to have integrity and mobile protocols are all based on the assumption of trusted endpoints that don't violate the rules. Now that DIY GSM base stations have become a reality, carriers face a nightmare scenario of someone running a buggy or malicoius "tower" that infects basebands of any phones that enters into range and starts them doing some kind of horrible attack against the carrier infrastructure. E.g. you can imagine an extortion attempt that works this way. It's in their best interests for their devices to behave predictably and be controlled only be themselves. I have never seen an ad on Facebook that was obviously targeted based on my chats, in fact, targeting ads based on my chats would be a pointless, money-losing approach for them as I never talk about commercially relevant things with my friends. The ads I see on Facebook currently are for SSL certificates (guess what I bought recently), BGP routing optimisation products (not sure why), and TransferWise (I used them once). In short, lots of remarketing and something presumably targeted at one of the news sources I get in my feed e.g. slashdot. These are all pretty nerdy yet also pretty reasonable ads. Ads targeted based on my chats would mostly revolve around .... well, not sure. At best, nights out or local cinemas. I doubt there's much profit in that. .... also, you need multiple people in the organisation, you typically need to write your own infrastructure for vending certs, billing, you need to run OSCP responders and perhaps CRLs so clients can check if the cert was revoked, that can take a lot of bandwidth, then you need support staff because when people are paying, they expect support, etc. http://media.ccc.de/browse/congress/2013/30C3_-_5618_-_en_-_... agl is one of a handful of people who are moving the needle on HTTPS usage, pretty much through sheer force of will. So of all the people you could pick on, you made a really lousy choice. The article doesn't claim to do that, however. It states right up front that it's got a narrow focus: First, I was a UX designer with no UI skills. I love designing UX, but I wasn’t doing it for long before I realized there were a bunch of good reasons to learn how to make an interface look nice He says flat out it's not about UI design, it's about how to make a mockup attractive, because that has value too. I thought the articles were great! Exactly what they claimed to be, written in an easy to read no nonsense style, with useful advice. I subscribed to his newsletter ;) Initial thoughts: very cool, very nice API, nice minimalist graphics, helpful tutorial. Lots of things I love about screeps so far, having done the absolute minimum of playing with it. Things I do not love so much: it appears to have serious performance issues, at least in simulator mode. Though the UI is responsive, my screeps routinely stopped for several seconds with a "CPU limit exceeded" message printed to the console. How is that possible, given that all I was doing is playing the tutorial and I had only a handful of screeps on screen? I am hoping they haven't backed themselves into a corner here by building on Javascript and HTML rather than simply doing a desktop app, because the game mechanics have a lot of promise. I tried pressing the button to double the game speed but it didn't seem to help much (I guess that won't function when connected to a server). Also, no way to zoom the playing view? The screeps were tiny on my retina macbook. I could barely see what was happening. But biggest dislike: Indiegogo to complete the game? I'd have preferred a more traditional model in which maybe there are fewer features to start with, and they simply charge me a monthly subscription or a one-off purchase price. Crowdfunding is best used IMO to develop public goods or public infrastructure but Screeps is just a plain old proprietary game - nothing wrong with that, but it seems somehow bogus to expect people to give you the money to finish it, for free. Moreover it sounds a lot like they haven't actually got the server side mode working yet. That's fundamental to the whole concept. If they didn't build it yet, they don't really know if they can - what if the game just doesn't have good enough performance to work well? I think I'll pass on this crowdfunding campaign, myself. Still, I'm looking forward to when they have the problems worked out (if they can) and I can just pay an honest buck to play. I can imagine it being a huge time suck :) You mean other than Notch, or anyone in the video games business, or the iLife team at Apple, or the Microsoft Office team? Sure. Lots of people are making money from desktop apps. Just because it's not hip or cool these days doesn't mean it's useless. This is a very poorly thought out piece of legislation and it could quickly turn into a huge pain in the ass: - People are now incentivised to game the system by trying to seem like they are coming from low VAT jurisdictions, so they get lower prices. It's the business that is liable if customers get away with this. - The "two pieces of evidence" rule means IP address and ... ? Realistically, it seems the only other thing that'd work is credit card billing address, do people even have any other way to prove their location over the internet? Wire transfer details? So for anything that isn't very expensive, forget about selling with anything OTHER than a credit card. Great, businesses selling digital goods just got nailed onto the cross of a 1970s era payment technology that barely evolves at all; how backwards. Not to mention that many people in the EU don't even have credit cards and make payments in other ways, which may or may not give geographic info. - More rules that are so absurd they can't be reliably enforced, like the travelling rule, so they are just setting traps for the politically unfavoured. All this to try and undo the effects of the single market the EU worked so hard to create, by preventing countries competing with each other on tax rates? Should have thought of that beforehand! It'll probably just hurt cryptocurrencies instead of helping. It seems EU governments think the "solution" is everyone sells via app stores, i.e. third parties that handle all the complexity for you. Perhaps payment processors will handle this for cryptocurrencies, but then one of the goals of systems like Bitcoin is to be free of middlemen, so if you have to put them back just because of the complexity of tax paperwork then it becomes less interesting. Additionally, the accounting is already so complicated, if you're selling for BTC instead of local currencies I suspect at least one countries tax authority would throw a wobbler and want to treat it in a contradictory way to others. Of course, you can also just ignore this and become a tax evader in a foreign country you have no intention of visiting. The question then becomes, will countries start using the European Arrest Warrant system to trigger arrest and extradition of (say) British people for failure to file taxes in Hungary? Quite possibly! The world is getting more globalised, so increasingly and especially for online businesses, this ends up meaning instead of following no countries law, or just your "home" countries, you end up having to follow all of them at once! Whatever the ethics of it, actually I am currently looking for a Swiss based hosting provider that looks a lot like cloudscale/exoscale. However Cloudscale is just "coming soon" and Exoscale isn't, so knowing about it was rather useful. Actually I had no idea that you could get advanced app hosting platforms like this that were regional. I thought Heroku was it. Exoscale would get more money from me if they had hosted postgres as well as mysql though. The law was passed, not only drafted! But it was pointless: http://techcrunch.com/2014/10/23/kapitulation/ The German government made themselves look like fools. They were easily manipulated by a literal handful of newspaper magnates (primarily the boss of Axel Springer) whose positions were nonsensical - they were complaining about being in Google News without compensation, but didn't use robots.txt to take themselves out of it. Surely that would have been the start of any normal business negotiation? Why would any change to the law have been needed at all? So after wasting vast amounts of time in changing the law, the German government learned a hopefully important lesson - they were being used as pawns in a game to try and extract free money from a foreign company and the actual complaints were meritless. A tiny amount of technical literacy would have gone a long way. That's a highly controversial and tricky argument to make, though. Is Google Maps a separate product that's being illegal tied to web search? Or is it actually a search engine for physical places, an integrated part of the one unified Google Search Engine? It could be argued either way, but if you try and imagine what it'd take to make Google Maps "pluggable" in google.com search .... well, that would be a tremendous technical challenge. Competitors would have to be able to process every web search Google does, to decide if it contains a location. That's a lot of traffic. And they have to respond as fast as Google's own servers, despite not being in the same buildings. This sort of thing suggests they're really one unified product, but I doubt such technical details would have much impact on what is a fundamentally political process. In fairness to the great unwashed (which I guess includes me), anti trust law manages to seem quite vague and more importantly enforcement of it appears to be highly political and selective. It's impossible for people to learn all the laws they need to follow in depth these days, there are just far too many and they are all far too complicated and subjective, so people learn by example. When we look at anti-trust law there's really one big, comparable example in the tech sector, which is Microsoft. And there they were found guilty but then Bush got elected and nothing was done. And anyway the crux of the matter was bundling of a browser, but this is now standard for all operating systems. So it's very hard to figure out what people are meant to learn from all this. I guess there is also the Intel/AMD case that I remember. That one seemed more clear cut and obvious. Most popular initiatives in Switzerland are rejected. It's quite easy to bring an initiative to referendum here so you get a lot of quite extreme proposals from minority segments of society. The federal government always provides a recommendation on how to vote and it of course mostly recommends voting against (if the government was for a thing, it wouldn't need to come to referendum anyway normally). And I guess here people trust the local government a lot more than in other parts of the world, so those recommendations carry a fair bit of weight. IntelliJ has historically looked pretty native on MacOS X. At least until Yosemite pointlessly reskinned Aqua to look more ugly. Now I find myself quite happy that IntelliJ is not a native Mac app because I preferred the old look anyway :) You can make the apps look native, if you really care. But in an era when web apps are the shizzle why would you even care? No web app even tries to look native. They just do their own thing and nobody cares. When did you last try it? Startup time was optimised heavily some time ago and nowadays I don't notice any real difference unless I wrote some toy app and used "time". The JVM starts fast enough that you can write command line utilities just fine. Well. What do you need? For me I've found I only need a few things to get started. One is the JDK, obviously. Another is Maven. It downloads dependencies for you and is pretty standard (there's also Gradle which some projects use). Finally there is IntelliJ for development. That's about it. Pretty much everything else can be downloaded and installed automatically be Maven or your IDE. For web development, I've found Ninja Framework to be quite nice. The documentation is very good. The biggest problem is that it tends to delegate to lots of other libraries for functionality, and often those libraries have been around a long time and in some semi-standardised state that can be horrifically confusing (e.g. Hibernate). The Java world REALLY likes to take good open source libraries and then copy their interfaces into standards that other products can then implement. This sounds great in theory, and I'm sure some people do benefit from that, but it makes learning this stuff a giant PITA because the documentation for everything always has five versions, four implementations and every annotation or API has two identical versions in different namespaces, only one of which will actually work. Argghhhhh. However if you do make it past this swamp, then the tools themselves are actually rather powerful and performant. Try checking out Ninja Framework. It's pretty decent. Well, Dalvik is a JIT and ART can also do JITC and is designed for newer devices. So not sure that's a great example. The main reason Android doesn't use the HotSpot JVM is memory usage and licensing, I guess. The JVM class/jar format is very inefficient in many ways. On the other hand Dalvik is a very weak JITC. ART is stronger because it has more time to work and is, frankly, better engineered. Dalvik had a lot of problems even quite late in its lifecycle with things like lock inversions and strange method count limits, etc. There's Avian. It can produce standalone, compact ELF files that have no dependencies. It's not an AOT compiler though. The problem with AOT in the Java ecosystem is quite a lot of modern frameworks and the like have ended up relying on the ability to synthesise code at runtime. Android has put a check on that kind of behaviour but it's still there. There's also Excelsior, which is an AOT JVM, but it's for Windows only. I agree that a really good AOT JVM would be very nice. It doesn't necessarily imply better performance however. I remember when GCJ compiled Eclipse for the first time, lots of people were surprised that it didn't magically fix every performance problems. GCJ engineers view was "HotSpot is an excellent compiler and it will take a lot of effort to beat it". When Sun Java became open source therefore, a lot of the incentive to develop GCJ disappeared. It was always primarily a licensing project not a performance project. Alright, let me clarify. It's quite easy compared to most countries. So far the only serialization format I've found which isn't stuffed with surprising quirks is protobufs. That's true. There are some annoying limitations, though usually they're easy to work around at the app layer (e.g. no flexible type system). An alternative direction to head is back to the future: take the web for what it is and try to simplify AJAX interaction, rather than relearn all the hard lessons of client/server programming from the 80's, but in a hobbled browser sandbox. For an even more retro approach, perhaps some things are just better written as desktop apps. I know they're out of vogue at the moment, but I've been having good experiences with writing a JavaFX app lately. Particular points to note: * I wrote my own online updates engine, that can be used to implement Chrome/Web style silent background updates, but which can also give control to the user over which version of the app they use. Users can downgrade at any time if a new version is buggy or just not as good as the previous version. It's very small, simple and easily integrated. It supports threshold signed updates so it's also suitable for high security apps where a hacked web server could be critical. It's called UpdateFX, check it out. * JavaFX has a tool that creates native, bundled installers on each platform (dmg, exe/msi and deb). The user does not have to install JVMs or get any Ask Toolbar crap on their system. You remain in total control over JRE upgrades. * UI is specified with an XML dialect called FXML, it's quite intuitive and anyone who knows HTML can pick it up quickly. But there's also (unlike with the web) a competent visual designer. You can style UI with a dialect of CSS and it's very easy to match the Twitter bootstrap look, native looks can be done too. * Data binding is easy, the UI is OpenGL/Direct3D hardware accelerated, you can trivially apply effects like drop shadows or blurs and animate them, the API is clean, the entire framework is open source and the developers are responsive. * Because it's not a web app, support for offline or flaky internet connections is second nature. If your users can tolerate the initial download then it's a much more pleasant and robust development experience. If your users are the type who can't wait, you might want to stick with the web. What makes you say it's harder to implement robustly? Yes people have higher expectations from native apps, it's true. You always have the option of simplifying by writing the app in the "web style" where it simply refuses to run if it can't connect to the server (if there even IS a server). Of course, people might indeed think that's lame and sucky whereas they'd forgive it for a web app. This is one reason I made my app visually look like a web app e.g. no menu bars and a bootstrap/web style button/popup aesthetic. If it looks like a duck, people are more forgiving if it quacks like one sometimes too :) Ah yes, dependent types. They tried to teach this at my university because some researchers there were working on it. Too bad they didn't bother to teach something more useful, like what malloc and free do. But let's see. Perhaps the field has become less wonkish and more relevant to real programmers in the last ten years. Most language tutorials start with the typical “Hello, World” example, but this is not really appropriate for a first example in Agda. Unlike other languages, which rely on a whole lot of primitive operations and special cases for basic constructs, Agda is very minimal - most of the “language constructs” are actually defined in libraries. That sounds reasonable ... Agda doesn’t even have numbers built in, so the first thing we’re going to do is define them That's much less reasonable ... This is a very elegant way to define infinitely large sets. This way of defining natural numbers was developed by a mathematician named Giuseppe Peano, and so they’re called the Peano numbers .... Now we can express the number one as suc zero, and the number two as suc (suc zero), and the number three as suc (suc (suc zero)), and so on. Oh dear. This is a new use of the word elegant I have not encountered before. I was expecting the next stage of the tutorial to describe how to make numbers in Agda resemble number systems actually used by humans, or even machines, but no such luck. They stick with a Lisp-style Peano representation throughout the entire thing. Having defined an entirely unworkable method of representing integers because their standard library apparently doesn't do so (?!) they then go on to prove things like 1 + 1 == 2. Yeah, I think I'll skip. Perhaps in another few decades someone will have bothered to make a dependently typed language that doesn't use untypeable characters as part of its syntax, and has an integer type built in, and we'll all get awesome statically checkable code for free. Until then I'm gonna stick with FindBugs. Hilarious article, made a great start to my day. Thanks for writing. I know Agda isn't really a programming language, but then why is this book trying to claim it is? It says at the start: _Agda is a programming language_ That's the standard it sets right from the first chapter. It then goes on to say that this programming language doesn't have numbers. If the book had said, "Agda is a proof assistant for CS and mathematics researchers to research inductive logic" then I'd have been much less harsh on it, but whilst this book is claiming it's a tool for programmers I will judge it by that standard. And by that standard representing numbers and even forcing you to type them in as (suc (suc (suc (zero))) is not elegant. > The tax incidence of profit taxes falls pretty much entirely on the shareholders. The consumer is unaffected. Well, only if you believe profits aren't used for anything except dividends. The "consumer" can be affected when they don't get new products, or existing products are worse, or when they fail to be hired as an employee, etc. The problem is profits aren't made in the UK at all. For big tech companies usually they have a subsidiary in a given country, and that subsidiary charges the parent company for access to its work/innovations/whatever. The subsidiary does not itself receive payment for the global companies operations in that country, despite how unintuitive it is. This is why the UK arms of these companies don't make any profit - they charge the parent companies more or less at cost. Meanwhile people who want to buy their services sign a deal with the Irish subsidiary. But legally these are different companies. Additionally it's impossible to say how much profit is being made in a particular country. You can count income quite easily, but then what percentage of the cost of developing Facebook can be accounted to servicing the UK market? It wouldn't make sense to allocate ALL the cost of creating Facebook to the US market and treat every other country as pure profit, as obviously there are costs involved with being international. I'm not convinces Osborne has any real clue about the morass he's wading in to here. It gets worse when you think about the possible future impact. Imagine Google and Facebook didn't have any UK presence at the moment but were looking to hire people there, because of an abundance of skilled people in, say, London. But entering the UK suddenly means a 25% tax on their UK sourced income. Why would they ever hire the first employee? If they stay out entirely, they aren't in UK jurisdiction so there'd be no reason for them to pay any tax there. The NSA cannot arrest people either. Hence the big hoohaa about whether they were tipping off the people who can. A bigger problem is not the NSA leading to arrests. The bigger problem is metadata driven drone strikes. That's a uniquely horrible phenomenon. Google and Facebook look like fluffy kittens in contrast. Though I wish Assange wouldn't continue confusing and deceiving people by claiming these companies sell your information to advertisers. I don't understand how such a trivially debunked idea has turned into a global meme/conspiracy theory. I don't think that's "culture". It's just pragmatism. Encryption has historically been extremely expensive, both in terms of CPU time and software complexity. Encrypting everything is not a no-brainer walk in the park. Even now most websites aren't using SSL and that's easy to set up. The openness of the internet to surveillance reflects the fact that stopping governments doing it in secret is really damn hard. Not anything more complex than that. Yes, but so what? Would you prefer everyone had to pay for their services, meaning a) You need a credit card, excluding large chunks of the world population that doesn't have one b) Google/FB learn your real identity via the payment networks, verified to banking level I get that advertising is annoying. Regardless, painting it as some kind of scary privacy problem doesn't make sense and worse, muddies the water. People end up dumping tech companies into the same boat as governments even though they have hardly anything in common. Nobody knows of course, but more than one for sure. The key words to use are "signature strike": http://www.huffingtonpost.com/arianna-huffington/signature-s... https://firstlook.org/theintercept/2014/02/10/the-nsas-secre... http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/nsa-gr... I guess it's a question of perspective. In the past few years I've been working a lot on Bitcoin, so I've become quite familiar with how the banking world works and what they collect and track about you. If you really think Google and Facebook "track users relentlessly and insatiably" then I suggest you take a deep breath, and then go review what banks do in the name of anti-money laundering. It makes social networks look like quasi anarchist chaos camps. I mean, you can tell Google and Facebook your name is literally anything - they aren't going to check. They barely even care beyond trying to nudge you away from picking pinkponies_78, so the search function works. Google isn't going to suddenly suspend your email account and demand you provide documentary proof of where your business is getting its income. WRT this: Google omits basic facts in their privacy policy about the data they collect about you I don't think they do: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Just go read that page and it covers a huge number of topics including things like "who sees your data inside the company". I'm sure you would want even more info, but these sites represent a trade off - earlier privacy policies were dinged (by governments, lol) for being too large and complex. > NGDP for a real country is fairly hard to game. NGDP for a country is merely a statistic compiled by the local government's statistical agency. Like other economic metrics it can be gamed (see Argentine inflation stats), or more commonly, "lite gaming" where people pick a definition of the statistic that is a good fit for their political goals. Two examples spring to mind. The UK recently got hit with a large bill by the EU. The reason is that a new method of calculating GDP was introduced that tried to incorporate economic activity from the black market (drugs, prostitution etc). This raised the UK's overall GDP by enough to also raise its expected contribution to the EU budget. Is the new GDP statistic more accurate than the previous one? That's hard to say, almost by definition because the activity they're trying to include isn't being reported to any government. It boils down to a guessing game. For another example, look at the the way house prices are incorporated (or not) into inflation calculations. Turns out countries around the world don't agree on the best way to do this, and use varying methods. Some ignoring housing entirely, others ignore house prices and try to guesstimate what the rent for a property would be (very hard if there are not many renters in the area), etc. It's all rather debatable - and debated. > This makes trying to stabilize the price to some set of goods very difficult, because no matter what you pick, you'll have to cut supply somehow, and that just won't work without something akin to a central bank. I'm interested to know which central bank you are thinking of that has recently cut the money supply (btw "money supply" in economics normally means the amount of all money in circulation, not the growth in it). All central banks I know of only ever create more money, they hardly ever (never?) bring down the monetary base long term. Regardless, you're correct that many cryptocurrency proponents (like me) don't want to see some kind of Soviet style planning committee in charge of the money supply. Partly because there's little evidence it would work. The really sharp changes in Bitcoin's value occur due to press cycles, government actions and press cycles triggered by government actions. For example the huge spike last year was triggered by a combination of the first Silk Road shutdown, a favourable US Senate hearing, and huge activity in China being firstly pumped by that countries capital controls and then suddenly cut off due to enforcement of the same. But eventually, it seems like these events will stop happening. Governments will have mostly taken an enforceable position on Bitcoin one way or another, so that source of unpredictability will go away. The press will lose interest. Everyone who cares will have heard about it and made a decision. Bitcoin will become boring. At that point I'd hope (and expect!) that it'd be rather stable indeed, or at least the value would slowly fall due to the inflationary pressure. During quiet periods when nobody is really paying attention to Bitcoin its value fluctuates much less. Unfortunately, rape cases are very hard to convict (even in US) because police & prosecutors does not take rape investigations seriously. They are hard to convict because usually there are no witnesses and it turns into he said / she said. I see a lot of people wishing it were not so, but the legal system has severe punishments and thus a high bar for conviction (or that's how it's supposed to be). How would that have achieved anything? You want a Minority Report-esque flying police department that drops themselves onto the road if the driver veers off route? Can you provide evidence for that? It seems common sense that a GPS unit, even one that cannot be disabled, would only be useful as evidence to follow up on after an alleged crime took place. I don't see any way to use it to prevent a crime happening in the first place. Why is location that the rape took place relevant? What triggers the investigation is the allegation, not GPS data. Look, I'm not trying to be dense here. But the idea that the crime would not have happened if Uber cars had undisableable GPS doesn't seem totally well thought out. After all, "you switched off your phone GPS between these times with someone in the car" is nearly as damning as "you pulled over into a quiet area and the car stopped for a while before it drove onwards". Additionally, I thought Uber tracks drivers through the customers GPS? That's how they know the car took a longer than expected route? If they relied on the drivers app to self-report it'd only be a matter of time until someone made an app that fed false data to Uber and started selling it to bent cabbies. When times are good it might, but just ask Americans who were in Liberia or Sierra Lione recently They would probably tell you that the US State Department charges people for being rescued rather than doing it for free like other governments, and that the bill has a habit of being absurdly large and in some cases (like evacuation via aircraft carrier) can result in bankruptcy and people wishing they had not been rescued. http://travel.state.gov/content/passports/english/emergencie... Departure assistance is expensive. U.S. law 22 U.S.C. 2671(b) (2) (A) requires that any departure assistance be provided "on a reimbursable basis to the maximum extent practicable.” This means that evacuation costs are ultimately your responsibility; you will be asked to sign a form promising to repay the U.S. government. We charge you the equivalent of a full coach commercial fare on a comparable mode of transportation at the time that commercial travel ceases to be a viable option. You will be taken to a nearby safe location, where you will need to make your own onward travel arrangements. Typically, you will not have an opportunity to select the destination to which we will take you; it will be to the nearest safe location (only in rare circumstances will that be to the United States). If you are destitute, and private resources are not available to cover the cost of onward travel, you may be eligible for emergency financial assistance. https://goatpath.wordpress.com/2011/02/11/how-much-can-an-ev... As far as I can tell once you leave US borders, unless you intend to return permanently one day there are no benefits to being a US citizen and lots of downsides. By the way one thing I keep reading about re: FATCA is that the State Dept seems to be underreporting the numbers of people who are giving up citizenship. It's all banks worldwide, including banks with no US presence or assets, and the answer is that no other countries do it (because it's insane). I'm not sure it's helpful to describe this as the awful corporatist Americans underestimating the strong, citizen-focussed EU. I am a British citizen living in Europe, and I'm for one pretty happy that Uber is trying to drag the taxi industry into the 21st century. Lots of my friends like and use Uber (though I don't use them myself as for some reason the app cannot verify me), I've yet to hear a single complaint about their service. The Spanish decision doesn't have anything directly to do with protecting people. It was triggered by complaints by the competition, it states that Uber is illegal because it's not authorised not because of some specifically bad thing they're doing .... if this is defending the consumer, why doesn't it look or feel like it? Frankly, the chance of an Uber-like company getting started in Europe feels close to zero. If it were up to us here to shake up the taxi business and apply basic mobile technology to it, I'm not sure it'd ever happen at all. America is hardly a perfect country and its people are not a perfect people, but you must admire their drive to get things done. I'm not sure there's such a great difference. It's very common in the USA and UK to have laws that say "you must meet requirements X Y and Z plus also obtain a license", which effectively bans everything in the area controlled by the licensing regime by default ... as you first have to convince a regulator that something is allowed, before it becomes so. Worse, if an app is updated whilst it's running, it can cause arbitrary crashes and data corruption. I'm really glad Linux is finally moving beyond the curse of apt-get. I wrote a framework a long time ago for building distro-neutral binary installer/package hybrids and eventually walked away ... back then Ubuntu was brand new and Shuttleworth was even warm to the idea, but the old guard he had to deal with hated the idea. Other distributors were even worse. They had all bought into the idea that the way Linux managed software was awesome and superior to every other OS, even as new operating systems were designed and shipped that universally did not use it. Hah, that brings back some memories! 2005?! Yes, it must have been around a decade ago now. It was written in thousands of lines of bash because back then, I had used some random distro that didn't have Python installed out of the box so I became convinced that only bash would be compatible enough. No clue if that perception was actually right - Python would probably have worked well enough. The GUI was in C/GTK. Some of the binary compatibility tools were an unholy mix of bash, C and assembler :) I do like it! Best of luck with the project! :) Your argument is implicitly based on an assumption that piracy/sharing reduces income/profits. I'm not so sure this assumption is correct; at least it hasn't been demonstrated as true (AFAIK). It's absolutely been demonstrated to be true, many many times. Do you think game studios, console makers, movie studios etc put money into DRM because none of them understand their own business? There are lots of people who spoken either on or off the record who say the same things: the moment their copy protection fails, sales fall off a cliff and you can see it in the data. For video games it's even worse. The general figure I see for video game piracy on the PC platform is around 90-95% of players are not paying for it, yet, often they are still consuming resources on e.g. multiplayer servers. Movie studio executives have graphs of sales and you can see the point at which high quality rips were uploaded to the internet. Example: http://www.develop-online.net/news/lgc-2013-sports-interacti... A long time ago I wrote the following wiki page, following a variety of conversations with Satoshi on the topic: https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Contracts Quoting from the top: A distributed contract is a method of using Bitcoin to form agreements with people via the block chain. Contracts don't make anything possible that was previously impossible, but rather, they allow you to solve common problems in a way that minimizes trust. Minimal trust often makes things more convenient by allowing human judgements to be taken out of the loop, thus allowing complete automation. Let's take one example, 2-of-3 dispute mediation. Elsewhere in this thread, some people are saying things like "if you don't trust your escrow agent with your money, why do you trust them to make a decision". These are very different kinds of trust. Typically online payment networks bundle them together. You trust your bank and credit card company with your money (more accurately, you don't trust them, but you know ultimately the costs of their failures will be socialised), and then because they are always the middleman you end up trusting them to do dispute mediation as well. The problem is, they often aren't very good at it. Companies like PayPal tend to see dispute mediation as a cost of business rather than their core competency. Innovation in this space is rare. PayPal's policies, for example, make selling something to someone else who is standing in front of you impossible - you must be able to prove you mailed the item and if you can't, you automatically lose the dispute and the payment will be reversed. This policy is so deeply unintuitive that there's a whole industry of scammers out there who steal things from people by exploiting it. There isn't much scope here for doing anything better: payment networks tend to have a small set of one-size-fits-all policies and you can't go to the market to find a new one. Now consider the Bitcoin approach. For many transfers there is no possibility of dispute mediation and thus none of the overheads associated with it. This often makes sense: either you know there will be no dispute (e.g. a gift from a family member) or you have other ways to resolve disputes (e.g. salary payments). When you want dispute mediation however you can agree on a mutually satisfactory mediator. This mediator has very limited power. Contrary to what other people here seem to think, this does matter. For example, the mediator cannot steal the money, thus they make a poor target for hackers. If the mediator is a company there is very little temptation for bad insiders. They are not accepting deposits so all the complicated regulations that are triggered by that act don't apply. There is no possibility of them lending the money in escrow out and going fractional reserve. Really all they can do is resolve a dispute badly, but there's no profit in that. So by preventing the mediator from accessing the money, all kinds of possible failure modes are avoided. In turn this means you can access a far wider set of possible mediators. For example, if you are trying to buy an antique violin over the internet PayPal's mediation policies are less than ideal: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/jan/04/paypal-buyer-de... With Bitcoin you could ask an actual expert in antique violins to act as the mediator. They do not need to be a computer security expert, they don't need to worry about becoming a target for physical theft or extortion, they don't need to worry they might accidentally lose the keys and destroy the money. There's tons of things they don't need to worry about. They could (if it existed) just use a friendly desktop app to pick a winner in case of a dispute. That means they can spend all their time inventing precise and well designed ways to resolve any dispute, fully leveraging their domain knowledge. That's just one example of how redistributing and carefully controlling trust relationships can result in better outcomes. Except there is profit in that if one side has paid them to resolve the dispute badly. Yes, you still need some trust that the mediator is not corrupt and actually knows how to resolve disputes. You obviously can't pick someone completely at random. But, finding someone who is not corrupt and has specific domain knowledge is still easier than finding someone who is not corrupt, has specific domain knowledge AND is able to safely handle your money in escrow, which is what you'd require otherwise. Trust isn't a black and white thing. It's a very complex and subtle topic. People can be trusted in some ways and not others. Still, let's take a look at how we can address your concern in ways that don't involve funny attempts to arrange incentives via coin deposits and things (I was never keen on such protocols myself). The simplest and most obvious way to avoid a corrupt mediator being paid off is to have a mediator who agrees to enforce some (mostly) predictable rules, instead of it being purely a matter of opinion. For example a mediator who offers to mediate mail order sales could publish the evidence they will use to resolve the dispute, and the act of making a payment involving them would involve effectively signing a contract with them (obviously you try and set up the software and contracts such that it's pretty standardised and all done with one or two mouse clicks). Now the mediator has to produce not just a decision but also the rationale for how they arrived at that decision. If they can't do that, the mediator will quickly gain a reputation as being unreliable and to be avoided. This is the same approach as used by the courts. People take disputes in front of judges all the time, in the expectation that the judge is not corrupt. One reason they can reasonably expect this is that judges aren't supposed to just pull an opinion out of their ass, they are supposed to show how they are applying and interpreting the law with references to other cases where there is ambiguity, or at least an understandable rationale for the decision when it genuinely strays into new territory. Another way to reduce the trust needed in mediators is to use machines instead of people. This is the "oracle" concept described in the wiki page. The idea here is that a machine uses trusted computing to perform a remote attestation of the software it's running. For example using Intel TXT / SGX, or AMD SKINIT. This lets you know how a dispute will be mediated with the precision of computer code. It can be a good approach if a contract or dispute is precise and measurable enough to be decided by programmatically, although again, these techniques are quite advanced and nobody is using them today. The existing permissions are already so fine grained it's insane. Almost every API has its own permission, regardless of whether that would be understandable to normal users or not. The Android security model does a great job of security . It was not designed to be a general purpose privacy guard that lets you engage in some complicated multi-way negotiation with every app you install over every aspect of your personal data. Such a system might be a feature of future operating systems, but currently I'm unaware of any such OS. I would say that PayPal has a very bad reputation, but there is not much competition so people have to deal with them anyway. Additionally, are you willing to bet that there are no buffer overflows in gcc, sed, awk, and whatever other tools you use to build software from git on a regular basis? Heck, some of the Google security guys have been discovering lately that you can pwn someone just by getting them to run less on a file. How many people start by doing "less README"? Git should ideally not have this vulnerability, but panicking over this seems overkill. If you want to suck down and work with large amounts of code from a possibly malicious source, you get into virtual machines territory. It's already done that way. Tor relays cache signed consensus documents from the directory authorities. It doesn't change the fact that you need some trusted computers, somewhere, that give you an accurate view of the network. I doubt this will be a popular post, but I'll make it anyway. If there are some seizures of directory authorities or other project infrastructure, this won't be some totally unpredictable occurrence. It was only about a month and a half ago that some relays were seized as part of a general takedown against Tor hidden services. The Tor project posted this blog in response: https://blog.torproject.org/blog/thoughts-and-concerns-about... That blog post convinced me to shut down my relay. The reason is, to an ambitious prosecutor this blog post looks like: "We view law enforcement operations as attacks and are looking for ways to defeat them, because we are determined to shield the identities of our criminal clients" ... which is exactly what resulted in the operators of the Silk Roads getting arrested even though they were not personally selling drugs. The blog post makes casual reference to the "enormous social value" of hidden services and claim they're worried about "secret police repressing dissidents", but doesn't cite any actual examples. Actually I've never heard of a hidden service that has enormous social value - whilst there are a small number of .onion addresses that aren't completely illegal or unethical, for all the examples I know of the operators are not anonymous. To police forces around the world who keep having investigations hit a dead end because of Tor, going after the project directly will not seem very different than going after services like Liberty Reserve. The people running it are stating publicly that they will do their best to frustrate investigations, and that is dangerously close to admitting participation in a criminal conspiracy. Thin ice doesn't even begin to describe their current situation. It's much, much easier for them to just write a Wordpress or Blogger blog, hosted in the USA where Russia can't get access to the logs. Or in any other jurisdiction that won't respond to Russian requests for their data. The big advantage is - anyone can read your blog. Not just people who are willing to download and use the Tor browser. Most famous cases of dissent in recent times have preferred to play jurisdictional arbitrage rather than use Tor. Snowden is being kept safe by Russia, his information was published by a British newspaper that then shifted reporting to New York to avoid the UK government goons. Apparently for now that's good enough. This is why I talked about specific examples of hidden services being used in this way and actually getting real traction - I can't think of any. I have looked (or at least paid close attention) and I am unaware of anyone in Ukraine, Turkey or Hong Kong using hidden services for political reasons. Additionally, Tor gets way less traffic from people trying to evade national firewalls than VPN services do. They aren't the big fish in that space at all. The last update I heard is that the GFW does active probing to detect Tor bridges and relays. That is, there are computers inside China that are triggered by something, which then actually speak the Tor protocol to an IP to check if it's capable of subverting the firewall. If so, it gets blocked. There isn't really any way around that which scales, which is why Tor is basically a non-entity in China right now. Everyone I know from the west who spends time in China just uses commercial VPN services, not Tor. IIRC, there was so much cash to move, that the cartel made custom-sized, reusable tote boxes, that fit precisely through the teller windows. To not notice that, when you have continuous video of all teller windows? When you only hear one side of the story (the US Government's side) it's easy to make a case that sounds damning. Firstly, it's not like people were turning up at banks with boxes helpfully labelled "DRUG MONEY". The point of money laundering is you have a reasonable explanation for where the cash is coming from. In this case the alledged cartel money was actually from companies that processed remittances. It's not entirely surprising if such companies move large amounts of cash. And having such boxes (probably provided by the bank themselves) would make a lot of sense for any bank with cash heavy clients. But moreover the US never managed to prove the money actually did come from cartels. Their case amounted to: there's lots of cash moving from Mexico to the USA via HSBC. It must obviously contain drug money. Therefore HSBC is guilty. There was also a sideshow related to transactions with Iran, caused by the fact that the USA was trying to impose sanctions on Iran globally but many of HSBCs international clients are not (theoretically) under US jurisdiction. Congress took a very strong "you're either with us or against us" line on this and banks (many of them, not just HSBC) got caught in the crossfire. The fact is that AML laws are so terrible every bank is guilty of violating them. You really cannot run a large bank without having some criminal clients and post PATRIOT Act, that's enough. laundering money for drug dealers is not morally reprehensible in its own right (unless they are violent drug dealers); Given the multiple pending murder-for-hire charges against Ulbricht, I don't think you can use "Silk Road is all about peace and love" as a get out clause here. Shrem is on record as saying "Let me help you, BTCKing, avoid getting caught because I think Silk Road is cool". Not entirely surprising what the outcome was there ... They thought he was "structuring". There's a $10k reporting limit for suspicious transactions. So obviously if you are doing something suspicious, you want to always go in under the limit. So now the real limit is lower than $10k and essentially arbitrary .... you really have no idea how you can use a bank account with cash without being classified as suspicious. Great system, huh. In theory yes, in practice most people I know in places with strict firewalls use commercial VPNs rather than Tor (faster, easier). Also if you're hosting on a site like Wordpress or Blogger all the government sees is an SSL connection to wordpress.com or google.com. They don't get to see if you're reading or composing. So in practice it's probably good enough. Can you? Besides, I'm not sure what your point is. Societies don't tend to judge a thing by whether there's a single good use, somewhere. They weigh things up. Hidden services can be enumerated, so it's not impossible to find one if there's some awesome hidden service somewhere. But such a site would get a lot of attention very quickly. It wouldn't be secret very long. Hopefully this whole story will amount to nothing. It'd be very sad if Tor disappeared. But let's face it - when you have the Prime Minister of a technically advanced western country tasking one of the worlds most advanced intelligence agencies with "break the dark web" they were going to hit serious problems sooner or later anyway. And mostly that's because of hidden services. It'd be a crying shame if this one feature with hardly any legitimate usage caused the entire project to tank. TXT doesn't rely on the LPC bus on modern motherboards because the TPM is integrated into the Northbridge. If any government agency can break TXT it'll be the NSA and I don't know if they are in the business of handing out their best exploits to random police teams at the moment. Basically all modern languages with strict type systems do better than C or C++ when it comes to security. Anything JVM based can't be buffer overflowed or double-free/use-after-free exploited, for instance. Now if you go with a weakly typed language like Javascript there are a whole other class of bugs that can bite you: https://medium.com/@octskyward/type-safety-and-rngs-40e3ec71... ... so don't use those. They're just a wallet that's making lots of small payments. You're looking at a change address that gets used once. I'm not sure why these sorts of transactions would be considered ignorable. If you have a large bank balance and most of your payments are for groceries, does that somehow make those payments irrelevant? They were faster than browsers were at the time, that's for sure. Especially Flash. At one point no serious design-focussed website worth its salt bothered with HTML because Flash was so much better and easier to author. Heck it's probably still easier to author. The "open and native web tech stack" is something that evolved messily over a long period of time in a piecemeal fashion with little overall design vision. It's hardly something to be proud of. It sounds like all of the people involved are experienced It says nothing about the people involved or their experience. It claims they are "9 cryptographers" and says nothing more. They also appear to be trying to raise money for this: http://coinmesh.io/ I agree that using C is a really dumb idea for anything security sensitive. However the people behind this have been thinking about it far more than I have I see no evidence of this either. In fact all I see is an attempt to grab money from people for a product that does not exist, has no prototype and quite possibly never will exist. As to their identities, I suspect it's the same people (Amir Taaki and friends) who are doing Dark Wallet, given that they're the only people who use libbitcoin as far as I know, they explicitly recommend Dark Wallet although it has almost no users, and both sites very much match their writing style and general way of thinking. It's exactly the sort of thing that they'd think was a good idea. Less than half a cent, actually. Many people pay more than they need for no real reason. For the last eight months I have been working on an app called Lighthouse. It's nearly ready for public (beta) release, probably in the next couple of weeks. Lighthouse is an all-or-nothing crowdfunding app that uses the smart contracts feature of the Bitcoin protocol. You do not need to deposit money with a third party site. Anyone can create a project, or pledge money to someone elses project and revoke that pledge before the project is claimed if they want the money back. Unlike Kickstarter, there are no fees and it works in any country, although you do have to use Bitcoin so you are exposed to volatility and exchange fees (if your costs are in some other currency which is quite likely). Over time I expect and hope that volatility will slowly decrease, and there are lots of ways to optimise currency exchange fees. So whilst this is somewhat exploratory today, I hope it can grow into a real competitor over the long run (5-10 years). http://blog.vinumeris.com/2014/09/12/lighthouse-alpha-now-op... Big mistake. People who mess with Brian Krebs tend to end up fully doxed and arrested shortly afterwards. You'd think the blackhat world would understand this by now. Krebs is not a guy want to be investigated by. DRM is absolutely to do with piracy, that's the whole point of the technology. Of course Hollywood knows that any given DRM scheme will be broken at some point . How much they care about this depends a lot on what exactly "at some point" really means. Almost all money from movie sales comes in a spike when the movie is first release, hardly any movies go on to become long-term cult classics that people are still buying years later. If a DRM scheme is so good that it takes three months to crack once disks hit the street, from the movie studios perspectives that's a huge win because during the movie's peak people had to cough up the money to buy it or put up with some truly crappy low quality version. The same economics holds for other things like video games. Nobody cares if you beat the DRM on a game that's five years old. So the real question is, can DRM give studios and other content creators such a window of time? The results are mixed. Sometimes the answer has been yes. Other times the answer has been no. It's complicated and depends on a lot of fiddly things. It happened decades ago, games consoles have always worked this way. Games consoles are not quite a dystopian disaster ... The goal of DRM is not to kill piracy 100% and anything else is abject failure, it's to raise the cost of engaging in piracy to the point where just buying the movie seems easier and cheaper. DVD encryption was the same strength as BluRay, cryptographically. The difference between them are twofold: 1) For DVDs there were only a handful of player keys, like less than 30 if I recall correctly. Once they were all leaked the system was broken forever. AACS as used on BluRay has so many keys and such efficient revocation that each player can have its own key. 2) The BluRay designers realised that AACS by itself was insufficient because it takes time to revoke a key, and if they leak faster than they can be revoked the total quantity doesn't matter much. So they did BD+ as well, which is basically a kind of band-aid to detect emulators using stolen keys. BluRay security has definitely been more effective than DVD security, especially in its earlier days, but the leak of the HDCP master key was pretty fatal, and eventually (all proprietary) emulators got good enough that BD+ programs couldn't really tell them apart from legit licensed players. It is possible and I suggested they do just that, some months ago. It won't surprise you to learn that this suggestion went down like a lead balloon, with lots of people assuming I must be an NSA agent, evil, etc. They consider the possibility for nodes to control which HS's they support to be a vulnerability and want to close it. Tor has exit policies, which are somewhat similar ... exits can choose not to handle certain kinds of traffic (or only handle certain kinds). However they also seem to believe that exit policies shouldn't exist and only do, because of "unreasonable" ISPs that care about abuse. The people in the Tor community seem oblivious to the political risk they're taking on with the hidden service feature. They keep claiming that dissidents etc use hidden services in the abstract, but all the real world examples people are actually familiar with are the worst kinds of abuse. Recently they announced they'd received a tipoff that directory authorities might be seized. Nothing seems to have happened yet, but the apparent credibility of this threat should have set alarm bells ringing at Tor HQ. Given that HS' represent a tiny fraction of overall Tor traffic, there are virtually no legit hidden services and all the really horrible abuse Tor is famous for relies on it, they should consider just dumping hidden services entirely. Otherwise they're putting everything at risk for a minority feature few users really care about. I don't think that's what downvoting is meant for. Yes I read the linked article, and the Andy Greenberg article and I watched the CCC talk ... both of which the blog post does not link to. So I've read it all. Have you? I don't think my points are factually incorrect. Please name me one hidden service where (a) the operators are actually anonymous and (b) the man on the street might have actually heard about it and (c) what's going on there is not either illegal or unethical. I claim there are none: all the hidden services that have had mainstream coverage are illegal. The blog post is the same as always: the Tor people never give specific examples of hidden services that are beneficial and always talk in generalities, because there are so few convincing good examples. Indeed it says the opposite - they want to boost usage. Other than not linking to the material they're discussing, they also didn't mention the key finding that is causing such a ruckus: over 80% of all hidden service lookups are to child abuse sites. They say this might be due to law enforcement crawlers, although there is no evidence of this and it leads to the question of why other illegal sites like black markets aren't being crawled just as aggressively. There is a train of thought, like AlyssaRowan's post above, that says Tor cannot change anything because otherwise it wouldn't be Tor any more. I don't think that's correct. A peer to peer network is ultimately just a group of people working together for a shared goal. That community of people can define the rules for the services they provide, for example Tor tries by default to block torrenting because they collectively decided that they prefer not to spend their resources on that. Bitcoin is another example of an opinionated P2P network. It enforces rather unorthodox rules about inflation and money creation, rules that alt coins often change. Regardless the people taking part in the Bitcoin network specifically have these opinions about the way to manage the monetary base and other people who try to deviate from those rules are effectively kicked out/ignored. Tor and its community could become opinionated about the use of hidden services. They could say hidden services are intended for political communication and organisation, for example (along with whatever other useful things they think of), but not for child abuse. There is nothing technically stopping them, as the CCC talk pointed out. But they have collectively decided not to. The idea is if only a handful of professionals are uploading high quality rips, then it becomes feasible for law enforcement to investigate and take them down. Sort of like professional DVD pirates where they have actual pressing plants. If everyone is uploading stuff from home, it's harder. Regardless, they didn't stop at HDCP. Check out Cinavia for an interesting approach to closing the analogue hole. Either we'd see a great deal more investment into DRM than we do now to the point where it could actually be relied upon [1], or it would get dropped to save money. ... or studios have found a sweet spot they're happy with (or at least, not totally unhappy with) where spending more on DRM wouldn't be justified by the incrementally smaller increase in sales. i.e. if you double your spending on your copy protection and it lasts an extra week before getting cracked, how much that extra weeks worth of sales is worth depends a lot on how many previous weeks there were before the crack. At some point the ROI curve stops making sense. I suspect it's not pure business though - people in the media live off their creativity and seeing people pirate your stuff can be emotionally difficult. I would not be surprised if some places over-invest in DRM because they feel a moral and emotional imperative to defend their work from piracy as much as they can. BluRay DRM is probably as good as you can technically get for movies distributed on discs. For movies distributed via the internet it's easier. But the economics of DRM are tricky - the key thing that hurt BluRay DRM (and the designers were fully aware of this problem) is that movie producers have a strong financial incentive to push player prices low, and player manufacturers have a strong financial incentive to push movie prices low. Movies and players are "compliments" of each other in the economics jargon. Not surprisingly, player makers make the absolute minimal effort when it comes to DRM and that's one reason why cracks keep happening. One of the most obvious tension points here is PC software players. They're much harder to defend. But they increase the size of the player market (and therefore the movie market) a lot. So movie studios ended up deciding to allow them, despite knowing it'd weaken the DRM. BD+ was designed to try and resolve this problem by allowing movie producers to spend the money on copy protection rather than player manufacturers, and it was remarkably effective for a long time. BD+ ended the era of open source players for good, only full time reversing teams that are willing to keep up continual effort on a disk-by-disk basis can break it. But in the end it wasn't enough for a fully convincing solution. I used to believe that too, but actually banks don't fully trust customers. About 40% of all chargebacks are resolved in favour of the seller. After all, what use is a certification authority, if basically any authoritarian state and intelligence service can get on that list? Who says what an authoritarian state is? The reason there are a lot of CAs and some of them are governments is that having rules and policies for what it takes to be a CA is way better than having some random neckbeard at a browser maker deciding he read something in the newspaper yesterday about your country he didn't like, so you can't be a CA. If you wanted to, you could build a browser that's a fork of Firefox/Chrome, and just doesn't show the padlock when a CA that you believe is under the thumb of an authoritarian state is the signer. However you would then have to exclude all American and British CA's, which would then exclude most SSLd sites, thus making your fork not much different to just deciding to never show any padlock at all and assert that everything is insecure so fuck it, let's (not) go shopping. OK ..... back here in reality, real browser makers understand that there are more adversaries than governments, and actually SSL was designed to make online shopping safer, not be a tool of revolution. Judged by the "make shopping safer" standard it does a pretty great job. Judged by the "fight repressive regime and save the world" standard, it still does a surprisingly good job - the NSA doesn't seem to like it much at all - but it's unrealistic to expect an internet protocol designed in the mid 90s to do that. There's no policy against child porn sites at the directory level or at any Tor level. There was a talk at CCC some days ago that claimed 80%+ of hidden service traffic is to child abuse sites. So I'm not sure it's so different to Freenet, actually. HTTPS most useful to criminals? Maybe .... but I'm not sure how. HTTPS clients are still connecting to a box whose ownership can normally be traced. If someone presents evidence of badness being hosted there, it's not so hard to prove who is behind it. WRT Tor, the issue that gets the project the bad press is hidden services, not anonymous browsing in general. Tor's regular / most popular mode of use mixes your traffic in with a lot of abuse which gets exit nodes blocked, but it doesn't seem to be in the same league of controversy as hidden services are. So Firefox doing Tor in incognito windows wouldn't help much (I think they looked at it already, actually). You can get a certificate for a fixed list of domains. If name constraints were implemented more widely, that'd be great. But someone has to write the code, debug it, ship it, etc, and then you have to wait until lots of people have upgraded, etc, and ultimately wildcard certs work well enough. Reasoning about large numbers is hard. 2^128 is considered enough security in any crypto scheme to be "impossible" to break. Consider that Bitcoin uses ECDSA which gives 128 bits of security. This is not brute forceable as there isn't enough energy around to actually flip the bits that many times, let alone do the calculations. Could you post the Scala version as well, for comparison? Protobuf is vastly simpler, but has most of the power. As it's used internally by Google it's also very likely to have been audited and reviewed carefully, and thus very unlikely to have security bugs (otherwise all their internal systems would be wide open). As far as I can tell everyone thinks HTTP/2 is a good idea except one guy, whose HTTP cache software doesn't even implement HTTP/1.1 fully. His reason for why HTTP/2 sucks is that it's not ambitious enough, yet when the WG chair says "v2 isn't perfect but we can always do a v3" he also gets upset. Apparently this guy's hobby is boiling oceans. I think we can give it a rest. There's no real controversy or drama here. There's just one guy who is very vocal. No, his reason (and everyone's reason) that HTTP/2 sucks is that it doesn't solve the problems it was intended to solve No? My understanding is a whole lot of sites have deployed SPDY because it solves real problems for them, and HTTP/2 is largely the same thing. Or am I wrong? Given that supporting HTTP/2 will cost the entire industry billions of dollars while still leaving a giant security gap Leaving a giant security gap? Which gap? You must be referring to either SSL or cookies, and calling cookies a "giant security gap" is .... unhelpful, at best. And you've done what? You think writing BitcoinJ qualifies you to talk about HTTP/1.1? Sigh. I've being writing software for the last 15 years, with nearly 8 of them spent at one of the worlds biggest websites. I think I'm allowed an opinion on HTTP. That said, working on Bitcoin has given me more than my fair share of debates about perfection vs pragmatism when it comes to security and privacy. From what I can tell by half following this debate, phk wants HTTP/2 to be even more ambitious than it already is, and the reason for not doing that is to try and ensure it actually gets deployed, implemented and the IETF stays relevant with what real deployments are actually doing. Those seem like laudable goals. If Varnish implemented HTTP/1.1 plus a load of extensions that had support from major browsers and sites, as opposed to a subset of it, then a position of "we must be more ambitious" would seem a lot more reasonable to me. Taking a quick look, it seems the program starts up, runs once and then quits. I'm wondering if the JIT actually compiled all of the app. Being JVM based Scala is very profile guided, so normally for benchmarks you want to repeat the same operation in a loop until elapsed time stabilises. That said, if your use case involves running once for a few seconds and then quitting, ahead of time compilers like rustc will always beat a profile guided JITC. So this may be an unfair point. All the cap did is try to hide the volatility that was already there. > excessive speculation is the reason why bitcoin is in so much trouble. It never became a proper currency. I'm not convinced such arguments have legs these days. CHF and ruble are seeing massive volatility, are they not "proper currencies"? Bitcoin is a proper currency. It's just that it's economy is tiny, so just like little Switzerland the currency gets battered a lot by speculators looking to make money. You may well see standards bodies that way, but it's pretty common for standards setters to refuse to stamp something unless it is already deployed. Otherwise you can get design-by-committee and things that don't solve real world problems. The role of the IETF is to provide a neutral forum in which protocols can be developed. That means SPDY -> HTTP/2 is an improvement, because now development will be driven via the normal IETF process and forums. But if a committee went off and designed some dream protocol and browser makers/site operators did their own thing, it'd be for naught. Re: opportunistic SSL, I'd like to see this too, but it's a complex issue and I defer to the judgement of browser developers on that. It isn't something someone who isn't implementing should try and force on industry de jure. Kalyhost was one of the first (the first?) VPS provider to accept Bitcoins. If Ulbricht didn't want to pay for his server with a credit card, he probably would have ended up being a customer of Kalyhost and MtGox together. I'm not sure this is a great argument. Lambdas are great for many things. Replacing old fashioned for loops isn't one of them. You get something harder to read, harder to debug and which is less efficient so why would you do that? If you aren't parallelising things there is little point. Lambdas are a nice way to reduce the boilerplate associated with anonymous inner classes, and that's about the limit of how I use them. These polls have to be read very carefully. People's responses can vary a lot according to the wording. In this case the question seems to have been about "investigation" vs "privacy". Investigations don't sound very scary. They sound targeted and high effort. If the question was more like, "Do you agree that the government should have a camera in every living room and a microphone in everyone's pockets in order to reduce the risk of terrorist attack" ... I suspect the answers would change dramatically, though still show the same age biases (older people who lived through the cold war tend to be more authoritarian). WhatsApp operates at insane scale very cheaply. It's one reason they can charge $1 per year or less (lots of users don't seem to pay - they keep giving me free extensions for example). Not archiving all messages on their end keeps their costs in check, and is better for privacy. Open and openly arbitrary disappearing, detention, and torture of intellectuals for the crime of writing articles critical of state-sponsored religious and political doctrine Al-Awlaki? He was not accused of killing anyone himself, but got drone striked for writing terrorist propaganda. So did his son (for having Al-Awlaki as a father, no less). That seems like a pretty close fit. Corruption to a degree that renders the public health infrastructure so dysfunctional that tens of thousands of people die needlessly That's a funny example. Most people in western non-US countries would say the US meets this definition handily. All that said, your point stands. There are worse governments than the US government. But lots better too. But being owned by Facebook, and their previous security record, has massacred WhatsApp's credibility amongst many users I've spoken to it seems. Which users do you speak to? I have lots of friends who are not technology-minded and zero of them care that WhatsApp is owned by Facebook. Heck most of them don't even know. It doesn't have the FB logo anywhere. I think this is a non-issue. What's more, my experience has been that most of my friends (on the rare rare occasions when it comes up) trust WhatsApp a lot more than most tech products, because it doesn't have any ads and asks them for money occasionally. Though lots of us don't actually seem to get charged. I keep being given free extensions. WhatsApp has huge network effects at this point, it's the de-facto standard outside of the USA. So implementing the TextSecure protocol is a huge deal. Not only does it directly help lots of people but it sets a precedent that PFS is not only for nerds and geek products but can be integrated into consumer products too. It raises the bar for everyone else. It's a Chrome app. Not exactly browser based. The Java world moves on too, you know. A lot of the features that are listed as things that would be nice to have in C# already exist in Kotlin, which has been created by JetBrains to be fully drop-in compatible with Java. To the extent that it has a hotkey that automatically rewrites a Java class into Kotlin, and the entire project keeps compiling and working (they have full/close to perfect interop). For example, Kotlin has: • Nullability in the type system • Good support for efficient functional programming, e.g. you can do collection.map { it * 2 } and it's as fast as an imperative for loop as the compiler inlines the block. • Strong support for meta-programming / DSL features, so there's less need to make code generators. JetBrains are still working on this but basically the language has a lot of features that don't initially seem all that significant, but can be combined to create useful DSLs. • Lightweight data classes that support immutability and editing via copy construction (using named arguments) • Traits • Delegation • etc etc ... and it's all here today, with good IDE support, and compatible with Java 6 even. For good native interop there is JNA and there's a research project over at Oracle looking at how to do something better than JNA directly integrated with the JVM in a future version. So don't be too jealous. The source of the confusion here is obvious and pounding on it won't help. From the DoJ's perspective Tor is hidden services. Criminal abuse enabled by proxying to the open web is not high up on their radar. Regular web sites can easily block Tor. But hidden services are unique. When Tor is mentioned in the media, it's almost always because of hidden services. When it's involved in large scale FBI investigations, it's almost always because of hidden services. So whilst Andy Greenberg's article is correct, it's correct in a nitpicky technical sense that isn't going to have any political impact as an argument. Tor has chosen to support hidden services very strongly, so the fact that it's a relatively small amount of their total traffic doesn't matter much. The Tor project needs to take this kind of thing seriously. Alarm bells should be ringing. They are getting (apparently credible?) tipoffs about plans to seize directory authorities. Relays actually are getting seized. DoJ officials are publicly saying they perceive Tor as being dominated by crime. Meanwhile they are doubling down and making blog posts that describe police operations as "attacks". This has the feeling of a slow motion train wreck in the making. The core engineers behind J2ObjC were those who built Swing at Sun. We're pretty sour on the idea that write-once run-anywhere UIs are possible That's an odd conclusion. They're clearly possible, perhaps you mean they don't provide some notion of excellent UI. But even then, web apps are rather a big counter-example ... web apps have never looked native, never been consistent with each other, they don't even try, yet many of them are very popular. The nativeness of UI is something that seems to matter to developers more than end users. Users react strongly to polish and strong design, but if that is totally inconsistent with the platform only a vocal minority seem to care. Kotlin has a notion of function inlining with the return statement being inlined too. This means you can do, e.g.: list.forEach { if (it == something) return; } and you aren't returning from the code block, but the enclosing function. Yet behind the scenes forEach is being expanded by the compiler into a regular imperative for loop, in a macro-like way. You could also check out Kotlin. It's not as strongly functional as F# is but is still pretty nice, sort of a better C# for the JVM. For desktop stuff, JavaFX works OK. That said, I'm glad MSFT is now competing in the open source/x-platform desktop app space. The Java team can use the extra competition. Java actually did/does make them money, most obviously through the Ask Toolbar bundling deal (which is why they still desperately cling to it even though it trashes their reputation and people hate it). They also get commercial support contracts from it. And they got money from licensing various trademarks, test suites, J2ME and so on. But yeah - ultimately Sun weren't able to build a killer business out of Java. They had a variety of small revenue streams but nothing that could compete with Windows. And for comparison: http://grepcode.com/file/repository.grepcode.com/java/root/j... It's sort of surprising to me how much huger the .NET version is, in terms of code. Virtually all the lines in the Java version are API docs. The .NET version doesn't seem to have them (they must be elsewhere?) but it does have a lot more code and that code is much lower level. Not sure what that means, if anything, but it's interesting. You should look at JavaFX. I just finished an app based on it. It's the official replacement for Swing and is quite WPF like in nature (scene graph oriented, etc). Although there are skins that can make it look native on each platform, I didn't bother with this for my app. Trying to match native on a cross platform app is a fools errand. A few months after you ship your app, the OS developers will decide to reskin everything and anything not using their native toolkit will look out of place. So my app takes its inspiration from Twitter Bootstrap and just doesn't even try to look native. You can skin JavaFX with CSS so it's quite easy to match the look, at least in some ways. Nobody has complained and quite a few people said the app looks great. I would definitely do this again for my future apps. Pick a nice design that isn't native to any platform in particular, and people won't hate you for it. BTW Java now comes with a packager tool that makes self contained native installers which don't depend on the user having Java installed. Deployment is a lot more practical these days. > After all, he's kind of like us, spending a lot of time coding in front of his computer and he doesn't look that stupid. He doesn't look stupid? Ulbricht was not a smart guy. This was obvious from his various writings, examples: http://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2013/08/14/an-inte... http://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2013/04/29/collect... He talks at length about his philosophy in a way that seems superficially intelligent, until you actually scratch the surface and discover that what he was saying was internally contradictory and had no intellectual merit. For example: Firearms and ammunition are becoming more and more regulated and controlled in many parts of the world. We actually had a site up called “The Armory” ... if we can find a model that works where people can get the equipment they need to defend themselves and their families despite what the state wants and often in defense of the state itself, I would be more than happy to provide that. The Armory, lest we forget, sold bazookas and RPG launchers. The awful oppression he is rallying against here ("in many parts of the world") is usually a highly popular policy that's completely uncontroversial. From the perspective of people living in these places being able to buy sub-machine guns online and have them delivered to your door is not some kind of non-violent libertarian utopia. It's just horrible. Just a few paragraphs later he is saying We don’t allow the sale of anything that’s main purpose is to harm innocent people His deep lack of technical knowledge was revealed by this sentence: I’m not one hundred percent on this, but I don’t think it’s possible to do a DDoS over Tor Ulbricht routinely conflated libertarianism, agorism and anarchism as if they are all the same. His knowledge of economics was as flaky as his knowledge of political systems: There is also nothing morally wrong with [cartels]. If a cartel were to form, I would not attempt to break it up unless its members were breaking other rules. If you want an explanation for why cartels are nearly impossible to maintain in a free market environment, please read “Man, Economy and State” chapter 10, part 2, section D I was curious what kind of economics textbook would state that cartels could not form in a free market. It turned out to be a book written by "the founder and leading theoretician of anarch-capitalism" (quote from wikipedia). The chapter he refers to is available online. It is a tedious text that contains no references to real world examples at any point. In fact the entire thing is abstract philosophical argument, without any attempt to cross-check against data, yet it purports to explain real economies. Nobody smart would actually make such an absurd claim or cite such a text to support it. Finally, for all you people who think Ulbricht was some heroic martyr for the war on drugs, here is what he had to say about it: If prohibition is lifted, most people here will go away. You’ll go back to your lives and get your drugs from whatever state certified dispensaries are properly licensed to sell to you. Drug use will be as interesting as smoking and drinking .... If prohibition is lifted, and the drug industry is placed under the yoke of the state, then we won in a small way, but lost in a big way. Ulbricht didn't actually want the war on drugs to end because ultimately what he wanted was anarchy. Many of those statements aren't things where I merely disagree. They are factually false. There are plenty of examples of cartels forming in free markets without government intervention. The Silicon Valley wage fixing agreements is one recent example, but there are lots of others. It is quite, quite possible to do DoS attacks on Tor services (you don't even need the "distributed" part, but could do it anyway if you wanted to). Libertarianism is not the same thing as agorism under any definition I know of. He says in those articles he wouldn't allow weapons to be sold that were designed for use on crowds, but the Armory sold sub-machine guns. And so on. Look, it's OK to be emotionally invested in some of the ideas Ulbricht stood for. That doesn't change the fact that many of the statements he made are flat wrong or simply contradictory. Apparently 20 years detour was needed to go back to those features. I think this is explainable by Java's history. When it was created, the design docs said Java was a simple, interpreted language with distributed objects and the target hardware was set top boxes. When Java unexpectedly took off, I suspect Sun weren't quite sure which ingredients were key to that success but fixated on "simple". They unlocked a huge market that was unserved at the time: companies that needed a much simpler C++. So that wasn't unreasonable. They then spent many years trying to handle customer requests for ever more runtime speed, whilst simultaneously not making Java as complex as C++. Hence the focus on super whizzy optimisations inside HotSpot ... many of which are just undoing performance hits introduced by the simplicity of the Java language. Value types increase the complexity of the language, no doubt about it. Heck, even having a difference between int and Integer increases complexity. When value types come out, I expect much rejoicing from people who need more runtime speed, and a whole lot of confused questions on Stack Overflow from people who aren't totally sure about the difference between a value type and a regular class. I also expect to come across codebases where classes were turned into value types more or less at random, or where the style code forbids value types entirely, etc. Java sort of has this problem already where weaker programmers who are using threads just slap synchronized keywords on every method until the crashes stop. Then HotSpot goes in and tries to figure out if the locks are actually needed or not and removes them at runtime. Don't get me wrong. I'm A++++ in favour of having value types on the JVM and in Java. But increasing complexity of the language is absolutely not cost free, especially not given Java's value proposition to big corporates. Well, the Windows API was a fundamentally C based API and that probably did more for it than most things. The Microsoft example code was all C and C++. Delphi was great for many years, Borland didn't really start to sink until around the Delphi 5 era, if I recall correctly. Until then it was widely regarded as a much superior solution to MSVC++ and was used for many things, though mostly business apps. I used to be a Delphi programmer and worked on, amongst other things, an open source video game project :) Ah, good times. He talked at length about his goals in a couple of Forbes articles. His goal was anarchy, nothing more. In particular he explicitly did NOT want the war on drugs to end, because he feared if it did people would lose interest in fighting the state. So people who see Ulbricht through the prism of non-violent drug addiction (or whatever) ... need a reality check. That wasn't Ross. Those quotes aren't from his private journal. I'd be much more lenient on him if they were. They are from interviews and public postings where he is trying to explain what the Silk Road stands for, in public. That's exactly the time when he needs to be really sure why he's doing what he's doing and have a coherent, convincing theory of it. That's what a smart person would have. But he didn't. This ruling is issued by a kangaroo court that isn't like a normal court, and the "law" in this case says that GCHQ can do pretty much whatever it likes. So I'm afraid this stuff moved outside the realm of law and democracy a long time ago. There is nothing to do in space. Mining asteroids is the only economically useful thing that might qualify, but that's still way not worth it compared to just digging things out of the ground here on earth. When people bet on startups, they're betting that the startup will create enormous value by doing something very useful. Not just supporting a jobs program. Lol, no. If every web browser said "no DRM in video, freedom or death!" then the movie studios would say ..... OK. We'll ask users to download an app instead. Or use Apple TV/Xbox/PlayStation to watch things rather than their browsers. And consumers would. End of story. Browser makers don't have some crippling monopoly power over how computers work that they can use to force submission on an entire industry (thank god). The idea that the movie industry will give up on something they view as a fundamental requirement for them to earn money, just because browser makers throw a hissy fit, is not reasonable. The movie industry will find a way because they believe their industry must, or else it will wither and die. The overheads of the existing financial industry aren't really things for physical security at Fort Knox. They are: • All the employees, regulators and effort put into the auditing and compliance needed to make fractional reserve lending slightly less risky • The leakage and losses due to carding fraud which goes unfixed because banks have little incentive to fix it • The mind-blowing resource misallocations that result from misguided but well intentioned economic interventions, like the Spanish housing estates that were built then knocked down without ever being occupied ... and so on. Yes, Bitcoin mining is pretty wasteful today. It's a misallocation of resources caused by monetary inflation - the fact that you get to print money by solving SHA256 preimage puzzles diverts lots of energy and effort into doing so even though it makes no real sense. But Satoshi knew inflation caused harmful resource misallocation which is why he scheduled it to halve every four years (some inflation at the start is needed to actually issue the currency into existence, of course). Now think about the wastefulness of mining, but on a massively larger scale, and without any end in sight. That's other currencies. It depends what you mean by "language" and what you include. Rust and Go include the compiler, the runtime, some libraries, some package management and some tutorials. Other things you might want include IDE support, static analysis tools, advanced garbage collectors, GUI toolkit (bindings), slick debugger support, monitoring and profiling engines. These will all add a large amount of time and money to the development of your new platform. GC has performance costs, while trait objects and symbol names do not, as long as they're opt-in. Not exactly. Any program even in a GC'd language can allocate non-GCd data. Even in Java, there is the Unsafe class that can do manual mallocs/frees. C# integrates it with the language. If you do a big pile of work on the non-GC heap then no GC would be triggered and GC is effectively "zero cost" for this code. And vtable dispatch has a cost for any code that calls a virtual method. Yes, it's "opt in" but this can be misleading. You pay the cost of the virtual method call every time it's invoked. Static languages like Rust and C++ require the programmer to explicitly state which methods can be virtual to try and control this cost, but that isn't the only way. For example the JVM is capable of eliminating the virtual method dispatch overhead in almost all cases without requiring the programmer to manually specify which methods are virtual. In fact, the JVM can eliminate the vtable overhead for calls that could be virtual, but in fact at that specific call site are not, and even for calls which are only slightly virtual (e.g. there's only really two destinations). So it's possible that in a JIT compiled program you have way more virtual dispatch in theory, but less than the equivalent C++ program would in practice once the code is warmed up. So vtable and GC performance are very complex topics which no longer reduce neatly down to our intuitions. That's not quite what I said. In languages like C++ or Rust you pay the cost every time the method is invoked. With other types of compiler you may not pay the cost even if the method is marked as virtual, even if it's actually used virtually in other parts of the codebase, due to call site specialisation. Yes, you nailed it. They know Tim Cook can't carry the brand as a detail obsessed designer so they need Ive to do so instead. The problem is, does it work? I got a few impressions from the article, beyond "Jony Ive is a really nice guy" which everyone seems to agree on. One: all his experience is in hardware. All of it. He wasn't given any responsibility over software design when Jobs was in charge at all. This leads to the question of why, given their closeness .... I suspect it's because Jobs knew that Ive is really an industrial hardware designer and the skills needed to do great software design are different. Two: he comes across as kind of burned out. He's spent years designing a relatively small number of products, most of which are (as the article points out) basically just variants on the same "slab of glass with a button" idea. Can he really feel like he's fully exercising his design muscles in such an environment? The article says several times he's sort of wanted to leave and go off and do other things like luxury products several times, but feels he can't go now because so many Apple employees depend on him. Another thing is that the Apple (hardware) design team seems to be a lot smaller than I expected. They have three recruiters and hire one designer per year ? Seriously? I've seen picky hiring before at Google but one hire per year given three full time recruiters is crazy. This is meant to impress upon us how incredibly elite and discerning Ive is. I read something else in it: they are all friends who trust each other, and quite simply don't like hiring. They are expected to do it by the company but would much prefer not to. It also leads me to think they are having problems. The iPod and iPhone were huge successes, partly because none of the competitors in those spaces cared much about industrial design. In some areas (in-car systems?) that's still the case. But increasingly Apple has been competing with Google and the big Asian firms for consumer electronics, and there they have been losing their edge. They started talking about the Apple watch in 2011. In 2015 it's still not on the market. Meanwhile the Android team and their hardware partners have launched several watches, of which the round Moto 360 has been attracting the most attention (disclosure: I got one for Christmas, it's neat). But despite a 50+ page article, the journalist lets Jony Ive dismiss round watches in the span of a single sentence. Apparently they just "don't make sense" because smart watches are using "for lists". Except that they do make sense and the one I have works pretty well. I got the strong impression from reading this that the design team at Apple is small, insular, ignores their competition completely, doesn't want to scale up and doesn't feel any real sense of urgency. For example, they work long hours but many of those hours were spent making dozens of slightly different sized models so they could rediscover the insight that people wanted larger smartphone screens. Something that all the other smartphone makers had already realised ages ago, designed and shipped. Surely they could have reduced their time to market by simply spending some time with their competitors products instead? It was a Christmas gift. I didn't ask for it. So, I don't have any particularly strong feelings about my watch other than "it's neat". I didn't spend any money on it. Yes, Apple sells tons of smartphones to people who could get one just as good for much less money. Neat trick, if you can pull it off. Ecosystem lockin helps, I suspect. Apple has released a tiny number of products that sell extremely well and are very profitable, in Japan and English-speaking markets (USA, UK, Australia, etc). Their competitors have released more products that cater to a wider range of people, and dominate the market elsewhere. In most European markets for example iPhone sits at around 10% market share. It spikes when they release a new version of the iPhone once a year then quickly settles back down again. So it depends how you define success. Apple could be successful for a long time in the same way Microsoft were successful for the last 15 years - by being highly profitable and cranking out new versions of their flagship products, whilst releasing very few new notable hits. Eh, take a look at the smartphone market outside the Anglosphere. Most likely the OS will be developed by Google in America, the CPU by ARM in the UK, those chips will be customised and fabbed by Samsung in Korea, the screens created by LG/Sharp/Samsung again in Asia, the radio chips designed by Qualcomm (USA) but speaking GSM or an upgrade of it (European-developed) in factories using precision specialised devices created in Germany or Switzerland and then shipped around the world on ships owned by Maersk (in Denmark), piloted by seamen from India and the Phillipines. The USA has done a great job of developing the world's dominant operating systems and cloud software stacks, which gets a lot of attention here at HN. But there's a heck of a lot more to tech than that. Swiss Air charges $11 for a credit card transaction. The annoying thing is their other supported methods of payments don't work for me, even though I live in Switzerland and have a Swiss bank account. Last time I booked a flight, I did it with Bitcoin via btctrip.com. It worked out a little bit cheaper. No. Otherwise police departments would be unable to do anything and would cease to exist. Police operations vary in secrecy but even the most secret eventually stop being so, as there is a need to actually prosecute. The idea that "spys gonna spy" is one we need to start collectively challenging. Why do we need these organisations at all? If NSA/GCHQ were wound up and their technical specialists re-allocated 80% to domestic law enforcement for computer forensics purposes, and 20% to a new dedicated counter-intel-only organisation, would the sky fall? I doubt it. The smartest people on the planet are not working at the NSA. Most of what they're doing is just plain old data aggregation and analysis, with a side helping of large scale but ordinary hacking. The type that lots of teenagers have done. From a technical perspective, the sort of research going on at Google (deep neural nets, etc) is in a whole other intellectual league. XKEYSCORE holds metadata, it seems. One document that explicitly stated they knew the Thailand employee was emailing PGP encrypted files because of data they retrieved from XKEYSCORE. He then became a target as a result. What kicked off this whole thing was Clapper lying to the elected representative about what the NSA was doing. That was the trigger event that caused Snowden to finally leak his cache. So I don't think you can totally blame Congress or the Senate, even though they surely have deep problems. The US was not built by this type of security. What the NSA is doing only became possible quite recently. It's just in a whole other world to what was previously imaginable. Modern basebands are sandboxed, from what I understand. Partly because phones kept getting unlocked through exploiting baseband bugs and that messes with carrier subsidies. No, really, this isn't about open source stuff. Any architecture that requires pre-shared symmetric keys is going to have this problem. The fix is architectural, not open sourcing stuff. From what I understand LTE is significantly better. SGX does not require remote attestation. Just like all prior TC platforms, it offers remote attestation but there is no requirement that it be used. By the way, very frequently the owner of a computer is not in fact trustworthy. Situations where that occurs crop up all the time in security engineering. For example a big use of TC is making Bitcoin wallets that are secure against malware. There are other uses too, like safe outsourcing of private data storage/computation to the cloud. Wouldn't work well. Way too many of these companies key employees are not US citizens and many aren't in the USA at all. Google, for example, has a large security team in Switzerland, with quite a few German and British employees. The NSA sees itself as a military organisation, it is bound by military rules. That's a very impressive case of double think. Google codes Chrome in order to make it more useful for various kinds of customers, such as customers who have virus scanners. And this becomes "Google putting its own interests ahead of its users"? Back here in reality, that's called the customer is always right and is a fundamental tenet of business. Superfish is not a man in the middle, by definition. It's running on your local computer. That's not the middle. That's the start. Consider that Superfish could have just done binary patching on the browser binaries instead of fiddling the local SSL configuration ... it's put there by the computer manufacturer so they can do anything they like. Jellybean and Lollipop didn't get better smoothness by replacing objects with primitives, the Android API is fixed by backwards compatibility requirements. They did it through a mix of better graphics code and implementing a stronger GC. If you look at the most advanced garbage collectors like G1 you can actually give them a pause time goal. They will do their best to never pause longer than that. If pauses are getting too long they increase memory usage to give more breathing room. If pauses are reliably less, they shrink the heap and give memory back to the OS. Reference counting is not inherently predictable and can sometimes be less predictable than GC. The problem with refcounting is it can cause deallocation storms where a large object graph is suddenly released all at once because some root object was de-reffed. And then the code has to go through and recursively unref the entire object graph and call free() on it, right at that moment. If the user is dragging their finger at that time, tough cookies. GC on the other hand can take a hint from the OS that it'd be better to wait a moment before going in and cleaning up .... and it does. It gets even worse when you consider that malloc/free are themselves not real time. Mallocs are allowed to spend arbitrary amounts of time doing bookkeeping, collapsing free regions etc and it can happen any time you allocate or free. With a modern GC, an allocation is almost always just a pointer increment (unless you've actually run out of memory). The problem Apple has is that their entire toolchain is based on early 1990's era NeXT technology. That was great, 25 years ago. It's less great now. Objective-C manages to excel at neither safety nor performance and because it's basically just C with extra bits, it's hard to use any modern garbage collection techniques with it. For instance Boehm GC doesn't support incremental or generational collection on OS X and I'm unaware of any better conservative GC implementation. Some years ago there was a paper showing how to integrate GC with kernel swap systems to avoid paging storms, which has been the traditional weakness of GC'd desktop apps. Unfortunately the Linux guys didn't do anything with it and neither has Apple. If you spend all day writing kernels "just use malloc" doesn't seem like bad advice. I was referring to the triple buffering, full use of GL for rendering and better vsyncing when I talked about graphics changes, not GC stuff. That was separate and also makes things smoother but it's unrelated. Deferring pauses is quite realistic for many kinds of UI interaction and animation. If your animation is continuous/lasts a long time and requires lots of heap mutation then you need a good GC or careful object reuse, but then you can run into issues with malloc/free too. But lots of cases where you need something smooth don't fit that criteria. Try with resources is available in Jellybean+ Yes, it's possible in theory, but Dalvik/ART don't do it. HotSpot does some escape analysis and the Graal compiler for HotSpot does a much more advanced form called partial escape analysis, which is pretty close to ideal if you have aggressive enough inlining. The problem Google has is that Dalvik wasn't written all that well originally. It had problems with deadlocking due to lock cycles and was sort of a mishmash of C and basic C++. But then again it was basically written by one guy under tight time pressure, so we can give them a break. ART was a from scratch rewrite that moved to AOT compilation with bits of JITC, amongst other things. But ART is quite new. So it doesn't have most of the advanced stuff that HotSpot got in the past 20 years. There isn't any way to solve it. People's fears about the PKI boil down to "if I trust anyone else at all, they might betray me". And yet using encryption without trusting other people is impossible. You aren't going to build your own computer from scratch, for example. I think our industry needs to collectively move beyond "zomg CA's are pwned by governments". It's just unhelpful. Firstly there's no evidence it's true. A bogus cert would be strong evidence, documents from the Snowden archive talking about compromising CA's would be evidence ..... so far we have zilch. But even if one day it does happen - what next? You end up down the "what if my CPU is backdoored" rabbit hole. Ultimately you have to ignore adversaries that have unlimited power and focus on the ones that do have limits. There's no other way to stay sane. If by "tons" you mean, like, once, then sure. I don't think that's a very helpful way to look at it though. The PKI system has been around for 20 years, was designed to stop credit card theft, and we can sum up the number of times it's been seriously breached on the fingers of one hand. Many other security systems have failure rates measured in percent, so I don't think it's doing so badly. Bear in mind they don't actually need to hack or coerce a CA to get them to issue a fake cert. CAs check ownership of a website by either sending an email or doing a regular HTTP request to the website i.e. doing the sort of request that QUANTUM is very good at intercepting and redirecting. In other words the NSA could MITM the CA website connection and get themselves a cert issued in the regular manner. However I do not believe they are doing this at any meaningful scale, and possibly not at all. It's clear from the Snowden archives that they focus almost exclusively on malware. That has a lot of advantages for them over creating fake SSL certs. Also bear in mind that certificate transparency is a multi-year plan to prevent secret issuance of certificates. So there is effort being done to reveal such attacks even before they are happening. Not too shabby! To give a real example, CryptoCat managed to commit pinning suicide recently. They requested a pin in Chrome and then their CA's intermediate expired, meaning they had to reissue the cert .... but failed, because Chrome rejected the new cert. They had to wait for the next Chrome version to recover and basically had a multi-week outage because of it. Pinning eliminates CA's by eliminating the agility they provide. Not inherently an awesome deal. What "stops" them (to the extent that anything stops a government that is ignoring their own laws) is that the agreements CAs sign with browser/OS makers don't have any provision for issuing fake certs just because a government requested it or compromised the key. That means if anyone found evidence that a CA was issuing bogus certs (such as one of those certs), that CA would be revoked and bankruptcy would follow soon after. The fact that they were just obeying a court order wouldn't be considered relevant by the browser makers, especially if it's an obscure and little used one. There are other forms of punishment beyond outright revocation. A CA owned by the French government did something bad at some point (I forgot what), and instead of total revocation they were name constrained to .fr But basically, forcing CAs to co-operate with you against the contracts they've signed is a very limited strategy. Most governments outside the US government can only do it once or twice before there are no more CAs left in their jurisdiction. Not to mention the legal mess that would result from a company beyond forced to commit suicide to help an intercept operation. Brave words. Let us know what you come up with. You could disable CAPTCHAs for Tor at any point, but don't, presumably because there actually is a lot of scraping and other abuse coming through there. I don't think replacing reCAPTCHA is going to make Tor users magically happy. They will just complain about whatever alternative is used. One thing you could look in to (email me if you'd like more info on this) is the notion of using Bitcoin-based "anonymous passports". The idea here is that someone sacrifices some Bitcoins to miner fees in such a way that they effectively mint themselves a certificate over a public key, without paying a certificate authority. Seen one way, the block chain itself is the CA. Once such a certificate/"anonymous passport" has been created the owner can sign challenges with it to prove ownership, and if the user is observed engaging in abusive activity it can be blacklisted - forcing another sacrifice of money if they want to keep going. The downside of this is that of course it relies on Bitcoin. However, there's a whole army of people working on the problem of obtaining bitcoins. There are local traders. There are Bitcoin ATM's being deployed throughout the world. If you want a private way to demonstrate some sacrifice of effort or wealth I don't think there's a better alternative. Currently there's no convenient GUI for making these certificates. If a major provider like CloudFlare were willing to get behind the concept, such a GUI could be easily built though. For instance I could add it to Lighthouse, which is a cross platform Bitcoin wallet app that specialises in smart contracts. The only reason they aren't able to crush people is because of Android and Microsoft. If you look at how the App Store was run and the general way Apple did things before Android became dominant, it was pretty scary. There were stories almost every other day about Apple just arbitrarily banning apps that might have conceivably intruded upon their corporate interests. As they point out, SIM churn is not an uncommon thing especially in the poorer countries these agencies were targeting. Even in the worst case scenarios where every SIM had to be replaced, they'd probably just allow natural rollover to occur over a multi-year period. But it seems like that isn't really needed because the stolen keys were mostly replaced already anyway. Anyone who suspects they might be a person of interest can always just request a new one from their carrier. I've been trying to figure this out for days now, by reading the specs. I originally thought the same as you - the shared symmetric key is used only for authentication. But reading descriptions of the protocol closely I don't believe they are really using forward secrecy at all. The problem is that whilst, yes, unique and constantly rotating randomness is used to establish unique session keys, the session keys are derived from the random nonce that's an encryption of the network selected randomness. In other words if you have the SIM key, you can figure out what the session keys also were. Ultimately the standard SIMs don't seem to use asymmetric crypto anywhere, meaning a compromise of the SIM key still allows you to undo all the encryption. Ultimately everything is derived from these shared keys. And yes the problem of 2G downgrade attacks remain. There doesn't seem to be any good solution for those short of phasing out 2G entirely. > Why waste time denigrating a project that's basically a labour of love for one guy that is actually tremendously important, even if it's "90's technology"? Old doesn't necessarily mean bad. In the world of crypto, where we've learned so much, yes old means bad. Almost always. Why denigrate GPG? Unfortunately, because the message that it's not good isn't being widely heard. How many NEW crypto projects are being created that start out by saying, "first we will use GPG"? I've seen lots. OK, you failed right there, right at the start. Don't do that. How many crypto geeks STILL spout rubbish about how the PKI is totally busted and the web of trust is the future? Way too many. WoT is sort of like the year of desktop Linux by now. It's just a bad joke that too many people won't let go of. The most serious and effective applied cryptographers I know about are all ignoring GPG and rolling new modern crypto protocols. I feel the same way as Moxie - if you build a product based on GPG then almost immediately you are less interesting than a project that's doing something new. And FWIW I have the same sinking feeling when I get a GPG encrypted email. Sometimes I don't read it immediately, I put it off. Sometimes I have to put it off because I'm not near my laptop. And when I decrypt it, inevitably I discover that I could have guessed the contents of the mail from the subject line and identity of the sender. The encryption was largely pointless to begin with. The future of encrypted messaging is not GPG. We need to collectively let it go. The 50k number comes from the number of people who can reach each other through the web of trust. If you take every key uploaded to the key servers ever, then it's more like 4 million. However most of those aren't active. TextSecure, in contrast, has vastly more users than PGP has ever had, despite being a lot newer. Sometimes I wonder how difficult would be to sneak a sabouteur into the crypto community, who advocated for ditching proven and safe crypto tools Sometimes I wonder if the best way to sabotage the crypto community would be to fill it with people aggressively advocating for obsolete technologies that have zero chance of any meaningful impact :) Moxie is unusual in the strong crypto space, in that he is willing to make pragmatic engineering choices in order to ship a working product. That is why he and his team have had a lot more impact than most others have. > It doesn't mean its bad tech or a bad attempt at all, heck, I would LOVE for it to catch up. But I seriously doubt it has 4 millions active users or more. The 4 million figure was total users of GPG ever, not TextSecure. TextSecure for Android has had about 1 million installs. However, it's also been integrated into the Cyanogen mod which added about 10 million users, and the tech has been integrated into WhatsApp, which got the underlying crypto code (though not the UI) to about 400 million+ users. So if by "TextSecure" we mean the technology rather than the actual UI widget code, which is generic anyway, then it's in a whole other league by orders of magnitude. By powerful I mean you can declare types and constraints that aren't expressible in most type systems (eg: an object can not be NULL, or a Map or Array must have specific keys or type'd values) Hmm. Can it do anything better than that? Java has optional nullity annotations that tools like Findbugs and (more usefully) IntelliJ can use to highlight nullity bugs. Kotlin has nullity integrated into the language's type system in a much better way. Stating that a Map or Array must have specific types in it is the whole purpose of generics, which Java had since 1.5, no? Don't get me wrong. The Java type system is not that strong and has some frustrating holes in it. But typed arrays and nullity tracking doesn't seem like some advanced Clojure-only tech, to me. But I think it is important to emphasize that this is not really about encryption. MEGA.nz would, of course, want us all to think that it is... Well, the part about encryption is in quotes and attributed to PayPal. It seems pretty clear to me - they're saying that due to Dotcom's history and the fact that he can't prove it's NOT piracy, because of the encryption, means they can't touch him. That's a very bad precedent, terrible actually. Your service is encrypted. Someone claims it MUST be used primarily for bad stuff. You cannot prove your innocence because it's encrypted. Therefore, no payment processing for you. It's the definition of guilty until proven innocent. That said, I agree that given Mega's past, it seems likely there's a lot of piracy on there. And I hate piracy. But even so, this sort of thing cannot stand. ISPs make lots of money off piracy too. They shouldn't be cut off from Visa or MasterCard either. Not only are they allowed to reject customers at will, but they are required to by US law. The PATRIOT Act altered US anti money laundering rules in a subtle but important way. It deleted the "mens rea" requirement and converted money laundering into what's called a strict liability crime. In English, that means any company that routes money around is criminally liable for any crimes committed by their clients - even if they didn't know about them or believed the activity was legal. In effect, every banker and money transmitter in the world can face a 20 year jail sentence and/or crippling fines if ANY of their clients are themselves considered to be or merely suspected of being, criminals. No trial needed. This is why you keep reading about banks being involved in money laundering. It's impossible to move money and not be considered a money launderer by the US government these days. So this puts VISA/MC/PayPal in an impossible bind. They can look at Mega and say, well, this seems like a legal business. There's no law obviously being broken. But the guy is being charged over a previous business, accused of being a criminal. If they give him financial services and then years later this new Mega is also suspected of being criminal (note: suspected not proved) then VISA/MC can find headlines like "Visa found guilty of money laundering". They have lots of clients, so from their perspective, eliminating all the politically risky ones is a no brainer. Same thing for Wikileaks, CAGE (UK civil rights group), the entire nation of Somalia etc ... they all lose banking services because they are politically unpopular and therefore expose bankers to AML violations. It doesn't matter that the business is legitimate. The US Treasury has almost unlimited power to fine or imprison people who move money on the flimsiest of pretexts - and they use it. Look up "Operation Chokehold" for an example but there are many more. PayPal is attempting to insulate itself from political pressure that can be brought to bear on them in future if they continue to serve Dotcom (and/or their banking partners). Nothing more complex than that. Rule of law does not apply in the banking world. No that is already happening https://torrentfreak.com/mastercard-and-visa-start-banning-v... Like most discussions about politics, the words are too imprecise to enable meaningful conclusions. Consider the history of the United Kingdom in the second half of the 20th century. Between the 1950s and end of the 1970s the UK was implementing something quite close to communism. The government owned vast swathes of industry, everything from coal mines to steel mills to removal companies and hotels. Government policy was to target full employment at the cost of all else, including inflation. The country was in the grip of extremely powerful unions who had the ability to topple governments. By the end of this era, the UK was being called the sick man of Europe. In 1976 it had to go to the IMF for a bailout. Starting with the election of Margaret Thatcher this all started to change. She was someone who would in the UK have been described as a "liberal" except unfortunately political words get mangled the most in the trans atlantic crossing. Americans would have called her a libertarian except minus the gun fetish. She believed in a small state, in individual enterprise, etc. Amongst her many libertarian decisions after winning the election was to end the policy of targeting full employment in favour of inflation targeting, to engage in massive privatisation programs, and to take on the extremely powerful and outright communist coal mining unions (which had previously toppled any government that tried to engage in reform). By the time she left power the UK was in recovery and almost universally agreed to be in much better economic shape. Still, lots of people truly despise Thatcher and her libertarian policies, especially in the post-industrial north that was most heavily left leaning. And the UK is by no means some kind of Randian vision of anarcho-capitalism. Thatcher didn't touch the direct government provision of health care and there are virtually no private roads in the UK. Regardless, I present it as a case study in one countries journey from quasi-communism to more libertarian ideals with an associated economic recovery. State / collective ownership of the means of production is pretty much the definition of communism. https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ion=1&e... com·mu·nism ˈkämyəˌnizəm noun a political theory derived from Karl Marx, advocating class war and leading to a society in which all property is publicly owned and each person works and is paid according to their abilities and needs. There's not technically any requirement that communist countries be dictatorships, even though they normally are. A country with outright Marxist union leaders who could topple actual governments - sounds pretty close to me. I don't know what your second part has to do with anything. We are discussing economics, not Thatcher's foreign policy. The UK has always sold weapons to tyrants. I think this can be misleading. The guys who designed Go have not designed any other popular languages in the decades between C and Go. They have not produced any modern developer tools or toolchains. Rob Pike's last language before Go was a quasi-DSL called Sawzall, which is a Google internal language for logs processing. I had to use it when I was at Google and frankly, I would have preferred other languages to have been used and didn't find the stated reasons for its creation to be convincing. If you want to talk to someone who has more modern, relevant experience in language design, go talk to someone like Martin Odersky (Scala) or Andrey Breslav (Kotlin). Andrey in particular has my respect because whenever a language design point is queried he has a well thought out reason for it being that way, often backed by evidence from other languages like C#, Scala, Java, functional languages etc or experience of building modern developer tools like debuggers and IDEs. Both things that Go has a notable poverty of. In contrast, the justification for Go's design decisions very often come across as arbitrary, or very specific to Google's own codebases. For example Google's C++ style guide bans exceptions, partly because writing exception safe code in the absence of garbage collection is very hard. So not having them in Go won't seem like a big deal to many Googlers. But Go is GCd so that rationale doesn't apply, and the others offered are weak. Same for lack of assertions. Google has a lot of very, very large slow starting servers and unfortunately at some point some of the engineers on these projects decided that assertions were evil because they had some outages caused by an assertion being hit frequently, causing server restarts. Some code bases there ban assertions as a result. Of course this has a habit of converting a noisy, instantly detected problem into one of silent data corruption or garbage results instead. But it's easier for SRE teams there to measure uptime and response latency rather than correctness of results for obvious reasons, so a bias towards "up but wrong" rather than "down" makes internal political sense. This of course does not apply to many, many other codebases (in particular, codebases that have exceptions!) and the Go FAQ freely admits that assertions are highly convenient. But the language doesn't have them anyway, because hey, Google C++ sometimes decides not to use them. AWT sallies forth once again! :) No surprise that their screenshot shows a calendar widget. Such things are very easy to abstract. We know from bitter experience in the desktop world that the pain starts in more complex scenarios than a few buttons and complex widgets that have thin interfaces. They will still rely on GCM for the wakeup event so I don't see why it'd make any difference. Presumably the plan is that TextSecure will store the messages and when the app is open, it will build its own connection to the TextSecure servers until the app shuts down. But eliminating GCM entirely would mean the app must run all the time, understand how to handle the NAT timeouts and the servers would need to handle millions of simultaneous TCP connections - a tall order. This is especially true because GCM is treated specially by lots of telcos and they won't time out GCM sessions automatically. TextSecure wouldn't benefit from that. The flip side is that identifying all users running TextSecure will get a lot easier, I presume. Previously telcos saw encrypted SMS (sometimes) and connections to GCM. Now they will see connections to TextSecure. I feel I must be missing something here, but ... The inability to specify config asynchronously turned into a disaster. Our primary need for async config was specifying temp directories for tasks to operate in. We used tmp, which does not have a synchronous api ...... I would like the task system to provide an abstraction for pipelining tasks Is this abstraction not normally just called a program? Where you can do something like: val tmp = makeTempDir() generateFoo(outputDir = tmp) generateBar(inputDir = tmp) etc? How much of this complexity is fundamental and how much is people attempting to work around Node's inherent limitations and fully asynchronous APIs? Perhaps the author should check out something like Gradle instead? There are lots of apps in the app store written in Java. However they have to ship a bundled JRE themselves. Oddly, Oracle provide a tool to create a DMG with a .app inside that has a bundled inside. It's very easy to use. Doing this means your users don't need to install Java themselves anymore. Seems like the left hand cutting off the revenue stream of the right hand, but hey, I'm not complaining. I'd never use them for a new project now. Why not? There's a tool called javapackager that makes a self contained app install for Linux, Mac, Windows that doesn't require the user to install the JRE, if you're doing desktop projects. For servers this stuff is irrelevant anyway. Java is mostly open source too, so if you wanted to make your own system JRE installer setup, I guess you could (though OpenJDK isn't identical to the Oracle JRE). Developers don't install the consumer JRE anyway. They install the JDK which doesn't do this. I doubt it'd make any difference to Android. Meanwhile, for apps like Minecraft that want to distribute consumer Java apps, just bundle the JRE. It's quite easy these days. I didn't say Go bans exceptions because of safety. I said the people it was targeted for won't miss them because they have been working for years in environments where they are not allowed for safety reasons, and the stated justifications for not having them are weak. The arguments about assertions is a typical example of this weakness. A failed assertion in any reasonable runtime and even in google3 C++ produces a stack trace and a log message indicating what assertion failed. It's then usually easy to go read the code where the problem was hit and start debugging. In contrast, I find typical Go code to be an unreadable mess of nested if statements and C-style return code propagation. Information is routinely lost and errors ignored. When something goes wrong you don't get a convenient stack trace showing exactly how the program arrived at the place where the failure occurred, you might if you are lucky get a generic error message indicating the general subsystem where something went wrong, or if you're very lucky a log message, but several big Go programs I've seen didn't bother with exhaustive logging on error paths and were difficult to debug as a result. Compare to other languages (nearly all of them) which have exceptions: I've never once been confused or found code hard to read because of the use of them. That's just not a problem I recognise. But I've benefited from them more times than I can count. I didn't know Odersky said that. I think that's very polite. Regardless, the language he designed looks nothing like Go, so I guess if he really likes Go's design decisions he has decided that his own language got it all wrong. I don't think he's really decided that. > Go's goal to limit those stop the world pauses to 10 ms is not something I have seen in many other garbage collectors. The only other garbage collector I've encountered with a similar feature is Nim's The JVM's G1 collector has pause time and throughput goals for a long time now. This is not new or exotic. > JVM GCs I think have too many requirements and expectations on them from historic and wide spread usage. It doesn't help that in Java controlling allocation is difficult, its generally a memory hog model, the runtime is huge etc. Well, although these things are somewhat true obviously Java didn't start out that way. It started out looking more like Go. The JVM got this way because it is so heavily used for so many things. To paraphrase jwz, the JVM is big because your needs are big. Go doesn't seem to have dramatically different goals to Java. They're both GCd languages with a standard library, memory safe code etc. The logical conclusion is that if Go became as widely used for as long as Java, it'd end up looking quite similar. The Go runtime is already walking the same path as the JVM guys did, albeit with ahead of time instead of just in time compilation. > Its hard to tune JVM GCs for 10ms pause (its doable by the experts for good code) That statement lacks too much context to mean anything. Most JVM GC pauses are young gen only and those take virtually no time at all, 10ms would be very high for such a collection. Other pauses can be just a few milliseconds as long as you don't actually run out of memory (this will force a full stop the world collection), but it tends to depend on how much free RAM you have and the sizes of the heaps, etc. State of the art collectors like Azul's and Shenandoah aim to collect heaps that are hundreds of gigabytes with pause times in the few milliseconds or less range. I don't know why Go would be more allocation friendly than Java, but I'm not a Go expert. What features are you thinking of? G1 is the most advanced and is where the main development seems to be happening (ignoring Shenandaoh which is a Red Hat project to create an Azul style virtually-pauseless megascale GC). For example the G1 garbage collector can deduplicate strings in the heap. This can be a big win for servers and IDEs. In the latest update I read that G1 is also able to adapt itself to memory pressure in the entire operating system. If you start an app next to the JVM and the OS available memory drops, it'll start to use more CPU time for collection and shrink the heap so it can hand RAM back to the OS and reduce pressure again. G1 can do lots of other nifty things, but it uses more RAM than ParCMS so it's not the default at the moment. You have to opt into it. I think they want to make it the default one day. What kind of insanity? Are you talking about desktop or server apps? Whichever you mean, you can create apps that have self contained JREs with the javapackager tool. But most server setups don't seem to need it. If you have a broken IT environment where your admins refuse to upgrade the JVM, that can be an issue, but then you might find yourself being told to stick with an obsolete version of Go in future too in such an environment. Yeah, but we're not comparing apples and oranges here. The Go team have already adapted GCC to their language, for example. They could have also adapted the JVM. For instance the Java guys are adding value types at the moment, but most of the reason it's hard/slow for them is backwards compatibility with existing code. Go doesn't interop with anything except C anyway, so they could just throw that requirement out and have a customised GoVM that supports value types and so on, whilst reusing all the other technology in there. Yeah but this document is talking about making GC faster and more predictable by increasing memory usage (same tradeoff as the JVM makes). The problem is that last time I looked at these tools, they all sucked. I migrated code hosting and website for my project to github but left issue tracking on Google Code because the github API doesn't let you do any kind of high fidelity import of issues. I hope GH find a way to do some kind of reasonable issue import soon. > A better question would be why the prosecutor didn't conduct this interview during the week the stayed in Sweden after the accusations were officially in the media? Different prosecutor, one less high up in the system there. The original prosecutor made the right decision. The chance of a conviction is zero. No sane jury in a civilised country will find a man guilty of raping a woman who made him breakfast and went out with him the next day, tweeted about the incident positively and generally acted as happy as can be until she decided ... much later ... that actually she had been raped. (then she started trying to delete the evidence that she was lying). The case just has no merit at all, which is why Assange thinks it's a set up - the new prosecutor is either a tool of the USA or some kind of bizarre ultra feminist who thinks women never ever lie about rape. Whatever the cause, Assange doesn't want to go there for obvious reasons. Only on underground stations. Possibly most of the stations this class of train stops at are above ground, and it made sense there to avoid big station upgrade works. Just one little GPS receiver on the train instead. You can see how it could happen. I'm not sure if that's impressive, or if I should be scared that trains randomly reboot their engines whilst in motion and nobody seems to care or investigate?! What kind of issue can be resolved by rebooting an engine, exactly? And the counter argument: http://www.chrisseaton.com/rubytruffle/cext/ Chris, although it's slightly off topic I just want to fanboy your work for a second. Your blog posts about how Graal/Truffle can inline C into Ruby and vice-versa and beat Ruby+C, all on the JVM, is the most mind blowing compiler tech I've ever seen. Saying Graal performs about as well as C2 and sometimes better is modest. The Graal/Truffle combo does a lot more than C2 can ever do. It is only really comparable if you ignore the astonishing capabilities it has vs the competition. For readers who are not aware of this work, and who have an interest in VM/compiler technology, I strong recommend checking out Chris' blog and the Graal/Truffle presentations that are floating around. Basically they've built a program that converts simple syntax tree interpreters into full blown JIT compilers. It means that basically any toy scripting language can have similar performance to, say, Javascript on V8, just by writing the base interpreter with their framework. But where it gets really crazy is when you write an interpreter for C or (say) Objective-C, and start to get aggressive speculative just in time compilation with seamless cross language optimisation, to the extent that C code can actually be run on a compacting garbage collector. No - for that you'd need a Go implementation on the JVM. Last time I checked there was a half finished student project that does this. But not a full implementation. That's a shame. I've encountered a Go shop that was really suffering from things as basic as "our best debugger is gdb which doesn't really work" and "how do we get a stack trace from our running program?". The Go crowd like to talk about how Go programs are small and standalone, but obviously the HotSpot JVM is not just a big pile of NOPs. You can get very small implementations of Java too, but only by cutting lots of useful functionality. I bet if a company produced a solid, compliant Go for the JVM, that'd be a license to print money. I feel like lots of startups are coding themselves into a corner by relying on the relatively new and simple Go runtime. If they could bring their code across to the JVM and get access to all the useful tools it has, that'd be worth some money. The Oracle JVM is virtually all open source under a different name (OpenJDK) and there are lots of other JVMs out there. Oracle won't care about this project. This is the wrong way around for that. It won't give you Java/Go interop. So optimising compilers are becoming more important, not less, then. Edit: to clarify, the interesting thing about that blog is not the cross language interop magic, though that is pretty cool, it's that a smart compiler that can compile C and ruby together simultaneously can delete vast swathes of abstraction and overhead to produce radical speedups, just through better optimisation. So whilst things might not be moving very fast in the world of more traditional compilers, research compilers with a focus on dynamic languages are still showing big speedups. It's a bit early to proclaim the death of optimising compilers just yet, though perhaps I've just misunderstood the abstract. I'm not sure the latest hanging fruit for compiler developers is using more and more exotic machine instructions