The interesting quote is that Baidu removes privacy violating documents. Yet, they have no problem with IP violations (mainly by linking to stolen ebook PDFs.) Not going to happen. A lack of IP and patent protections along with an educational culture that discourages innovation and "standing out" is a significant barrier to improvements. Plaigarism and outright theivery is commonplace among academics, students and researchers -- there's little incentive for scientific discovery. Also, the basic sciences are also lacking in many areas as well. Scientists know that basic science drives future innovation. Until China has a paradigm shift in IP attitudes, we'll continue to find that they will lag behind in innovation. I can't think of any significant Chinese scientific innovation in the recent past. (Despite patent filings to the contrary.) Much of their "research" is simply reverse engineering of others' work. I may be a little inflamatory with this comment, but I live in Shanghai and see the reality every day. For China to overtake the US in two years would be like suggesting that Google will declare bankruptcy next week. It's theoretically possible, but with a micro-probability. You're right. Completely insensitive. Way out of line. We must all strive to sterilize the discourse to a level that is sensitive to every possible iteration of sensitivity. Mustn't ever joke about anything so sensitive. Perhaps laws ought to be proposed. Al Gore is obviously an expert. His "science" has been correct so many times before. Location-based information is in the iPhone user agreement. If people are concerned about their locations being recorded onto their computers during sync-- that's a good reason to encrypt the backup. This story is more cool than frightening. Cell companies already have location logs for ALL cell users. Encrypt the backup through iTunes and there should not be any concern. Google already tracks every search query and IP matches -- search histories are far more intrusive than a cell tower triangulation with 100-300 meter accuracy. That appraisal tool is somewhat worthless. Apparently google.com is worth $4300. For some reason Google doesn't want to sell it though. That's just awesome. All we need now is some testing environments for Maxthon and we'll have a complete kit to ensure that websites are compatible with the crappiest browsers available. I'm still looking for a way to emulate Windows 3.1 on OS X. That, along with some 1.44 floppies and I'll be in dev hell. Good luck. You might as well try negotiating an unblock with China. It isn't about invasion its about the IP theft and industrial/scientific espionage. The China threat is extremely real, especially in high tech areas. The Chinese version of "collaboration" is "you innovate, we report to Beijing." The Chinese intelligence services are the most active in the world -- they make the KGB look like girl scouts. There's a reason for it. Spend some time doing business in China and you'll understand. It isn't that they aren't "smart" enough -- it's that there is no culture of innovation. The best and brightest are running tech startups -- they work for the military and police apparatus. Come to China, find some "innovations." The last Chinese invention of any significance was gunpowder. Have a look a Baidu, Maxthon and the warehouses full of copycat iPads. Look at their cars, military machinery -- most of their military equipment is Soviet retreads or reverse-engineered US stuff. The Chinese are dangerous because there is no end to their industrial and scientific aggression. When a US company wants to do business in China, they are forced to take Chinese "partners." The US side of the office does the work and the Chinese side simply copies and sends the information onward. There is no such thing as a trade secret for a foreign company in China. The culture is entrepreneurial, but it isn't one of invention, it's one of doing something someone else has done and doing it cheaper and at a lower quality. Come to China -- you'll see. There are some good things in China, but they are the exception that proves the rule. Israel doesn't have a habit of threatening US interests. Israel didn't attempt to shoot down our aircraft and hold our aircrews hostage. Israel isn't threatening Taiwan, propping up North Korean dictators or funneling weapons to Darfur. Israel is actually a partner in security as opposed to an opponent. Israel isn't manipulating currency or holding world financial markets hostage. I guess Israel bashing is fashionable. By the way, you have no evidence that Israel has stolen more IP than China -- that's just a nonsensical claim. Completely correct. The Chinese are fiercely protective. Just try to buy a Harley Davidson in Shanghai. Chinese are the most protectionist country in the G20 without a doubt. Their economy is headed for a significant crisis in the next 5 years. They put on a pretty facade, but it's smoke and mirrors once you get past the empty concrete shells. I don't know if it's possible, but perhaps you could do an IP switch.. maybe you can trick FB into allowing your site. Only problem is Sococo is designed for closed groups, and it has no video -- it's hardly a Skype competitor in functionality. Besides for group chat and conference calls and Campfire does it better for less money and without having to download anything -- it's elegantly Rails and works from anywhere on any device. I'm sure Microsoft will find a way to break Skype like it breaks everything else! Let's hope he does something amazing with his new gear. I don't think it would make up for the kidney, but maybe he can be the next whoever and make this merely a footnote in his personal success story. Hopefully. Otherwise it would just be a tragic waste. Thanks.. we're going to check that out. As someone who is prepping for a potential DEMO launch, these tips are extremely helpful. While not all are applicable to DEMO, all of the tips are fantastically useful. Thanks! Very relevant to what? Sarah Palin is not a public official. It would have been great to have such journalistic ambition when it came to vetting the presidential candidates of 2008 IN 2008. I didn't see any similar attempts to comb through the Climategate emails or analyze Al Gore's pseudoscience propaganda. Palin is a non-entity. We should be spending our time combing through the current administration as opposed to wasting time on a private citizen. It's a bunch of nonsense -- this Palin obsession. I'm Republican, I vote, but I'd never vote for Palin, but I also don't think it's useful to sift through 24000 emails with the hope of finding something "useful." It isn't a former governor and failed candidate that has any power over taxes, budgets or defense -- it's the current administration. Wrong or right, the Obama (and all administrations) should be fully investigated by journalism organizations -- it's their job and they seem to be asleep, dreaming of Palin. Yeah, because it smacks of political nonsense. HN shouldn't (in my view) be used as a political campaign machine. Politics shouldn't be on HN unless it directly relevant to tech or startups, etc. Yet another Bitcoin story. How nice. Hashrocket.com -- the best guys around and they can work via video conference. They're in Jacksonville not San Fran, but it's worth the logistical accommodation. I wonder if the global cooling predictions of the 1960s and 1970s should be mentioned. So build something better and let the market decide. I can teach my mother in law to use an iPhone in five minutes. Giving her all of this "freedom" would make the devices much harder to use and maintain, not to mention far more insecure. Not much of a malware danger on ios either. There are very few apps that need a jail broken device; the few that are unique are generally dealing with features the average user wouldn't want or need. For those Ivory Tower types, there's no law against jailbreaking.. One more thing-- no one forces anyone to use a particular technology (unless it's being forced to use Windows at work.) The tin foil hat crowd might have some grand fears, but it's groundless -- you only give up the privacy you choose to give up. Google has never knocked on my door forcing me to give up private information, although the US government does! I would be more worried about intrusive and over regulatory whims of the government-- they can enforce their schemes at the point of a gun. Worry about the government and let the market take care of everything else. Nope. Money will be made in all kinds of markets. Wanna join a startup? Email me: superacidjax@me.com I need a strong Rails guy soon. Sounds a lot like working in China or Korea. When you increase the test taking pool and there is an increasing number of ESL students taking the exam, average scores are going to drop. The problem isn't legislation like the Ted Kenney/GW Bush No Child Left Behind, it's that the important critical thinking and higher level reading skills required are being ignored in lieu of an increased focus on just getting kids to pass minimum standards. As a result, the majority of educational initiatives are aimed at the lower end of the educational achievement bell curve at the expense of the true "college bound" student. There's also a push that "every child could/should go to college" as opposed to the old days when vocational and trade programs were more prominent. As a result more kids that have no interest or ability to succeed in college are taking the SAT. It's simple -- with a larger sample size, you'll have more low scores. However, one critical area that is being ignored is that the College Board routinely re-centers scores. The real question isn't what the reported scores are -- it's the difference in the raw test scores that are the key. I would argue that the raw scores are probably just the same as they've always been -- however if more people score "above average" then of course, the College Board will have to make the "average" score more average. One might be able to make the case that scores are actually higher now than they were in 1995 and as a result the scaled scores have been adjusted to reflect this new average. I am a high school teacher in Shanghai and do private SAT tutoring and have been studying and dealing with SAT scoring and preparation for many years -- I'm not noticing a decline in students as much as I'm noticing an increased reliance upon test prep -- which would skew the averages to be higher and result in the College Board adjusting the reported score/raw score in order for the test to maintain validity in the eyes of the colleges. In reality, the SAT is not a valid test of anything other than the ability to take the SAT. I could teach almost anyone to "beat" the test. It really isn't a function of intelligence as much as strategy. But the College Board is in the business of selling tests and so they must create some score distribution as a means for universities to short-cut their admissions process. It's much easier to compare 20000 applications on basis of SAT/GPA than it would be to consider GPA and the full range of other indicators. While universities do consider those indicators -- it's usually only after making their private cuts based on some numeric rubric. That's the real tragedy -- not that the SAT scores are going down, but that the SAT scores are still being used at all. It would make much more sense to use Advanced Placement results since those are actual college level courses. The SAT II is also more valid since those tests are actually subject matter exams rather than some arbitrary gauge of critical thinking skills. However, the SAT has been adapting someone with more emphasis on real academic skills, but it's still a very beatable, very trainable test. It would be much more difficult to coach someone on beating the AP exam, since those test actual knowledge and application rather than just simple strategy. An increase of the AP program would cost hundreds of millions for schools and there's no way they'll do it because they're too busy teaching 10th graders how to read and making sure that kids learn plenty of political correctness. No danger from the Chinese kids. I tutor rich Chinese students in SAT and they routinely get hammered by the SAT Critical Reading and the Writing sections. They'll ace the math, but until their language and critical thinking skills improve, there isn't much danger there. The testing machine culture of China (and Korea, Japan) doesn't reward critical thinking, so as a result, those students are far behind their American counterparts once they get out of the memorization paradigm. Only 1 of my students scored a perfect 2400 on the SAT and she spent years in the US and didn't go through the Chinese educational system. Most of my Chinese students tend to score around 1800-1900 total, with scores in the 700s for math and the 500s for critical reading and writing. I don't have any data on the Indian students.. That's mildly hilarious -- "Boeing is designing planes with the Chinese market in mind.." I guess that means they're designing planes that can fly themselves or at least be operated by a high school graduate who has never been in a Cessna. Or, perhaps Boeing is going to hard-code a 90 minute delay so as to save the overloaded Shanghai and Hong Kong air traffic controllers the effort of letting planes rot on the tarmac due to traffic mismanagement. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of Chinese airlines or flying around China. What I'm interested in is why there isn't the 50 bitcoin stories a day submitted anymore. Actually, I'm glad the bitcoin stuff stopped getting submitted so frequently. Might as well submitted links about Amway or Metabolife. So, is getting "Zuckerberged" now a legitimate synonym for getting screwed? I love the 37signals guys, the Pragmatic Programming guys as well as the Pivotal Tracker folks and the guys at Hashrocket. They really seem to put that Rework stuff into practice. Contrast those people to the Facebook-type companies that seem to essentially ignore individuals in favor of scale. It IS possible for companies both large and small to provide some personal touches to their service and really make their users feel special. It pays dividends. The cost of those beer glasses and shipping was minimal, but the value added to their brand was incalculable. The best part is that they practice customer service like that quietly -- they aren't always talking about how great they are simply as a marketing ploy -- they quietly do great things. For example, I am based in Shanghai and last weekend they had a server issue that affected some of my users' Basecamp access here in China (although for some reason my access had no issues) -- I emailed them about it and they responded back within a few hours with specific fixes they did in response to my general problem. They didn't just BS me and say that everything was now fine -- they actually took action. By the time I received their response, the problem was fixed and my users were back to full-speed access. I've had similar good fortune with Andy Hunt and his folks at Pragmatic -- personal responses, sincere actions and quality followup. It's a simple formula that should be taught in business schools because so many companies seem to ignore that a single customer is the fundamental unit of your success (or failure.) I have a little psychology app we developed and it's amazing how surprised users are when you take the time to email them back and respond to their suggestions, complaints or compliments directly. Just from my limited experience with my app users, it would appear that very few companies take a personalized, sincere interest in their users. Nearly every time I've responded to users emails (always within 8 hours, usually within 1,) I get a baffled response expressing appreciation. Excerpt: "Wow! Thanks so much for getting back to me about [my suggestions.] I never expected a response at all, let alone such a nice email. I appreciate it that you'll be incorporating [some my feature requests] into [the app] so quickly." I'm not trying to blow my own horn, but merely illustrate that users are starved of personal respect and a sincere interest in them. Users should expect personal respect and thanks; it shouldn't come as a surprise! 37signals and some of the aforementioned companies (as well as Zappos et al,) are doing it right. Users deserve the best efforts of companies. After all, we serve the user -- not the other way around! At least now we all know where to go for great beer (and we know he has at least 6 glasses with which to serve us!) So perhaps the next HN meet up could be at that dude's house.. :) I'm sure the author of the posting could simply donate to the dev via paypal. It's similar to those "rich" people who are demanding to pay higher taxes. That's a nonsense argument because they can donate to the US Treasury just as a dev could donate to the TextMate guy. I am tired of people suggesting to other people how to spend everyone else's money. If you want to pay more -- do it yourself. For the rest of us, I'll pay what I'm required and donate if I feel so inclined. I'd personally rather donate to the Tiny Wings guy simply because paying $60 for a text editor is fairly steep, if you aren't getting the version 2 update for free. And Tiny Wings has better music. Logic Studio is only $299, compared to a text editor's $60 and Xcode is free. The amount of coding that went into Logic is light years beyond TextMate, but Apple knows that if they charged $1000 for it (a fair price based on feature set, they'd lose more revenue than charging $299.) I'm not a business school guy, but I do know a thing or two about demand elasticity. Try charging $4.99 for an app in the App Store and charge $1.99 -- you'll make more money at $1.99, unless it's some highly niche product; TextMate is far from highly niche. It's ubiquitous. I have paid for TextMate and have no problems doing so, but I'll be damned if some jackass suggests that we should pay more. That's a business decision to be made by the TextMate dev, not some user who likely has very little experience in selling software to the public. No offense to anyone, but based on the posting, it appears that the author has little understanding of demand curves, not to mention contractual agreements. Xcode is my "main development tool." And it was free. What a bullshit article. Complete with photoshop mockups. Might as well be another rumor about the "next" iPad killer or how it would be cool if Vimeo built refrigerators with built-in video screens. I would certainly not even consider using or downloading a FB browser. Last thing I need is to be constantly Zuckerberged. Yeah.. maybe they could team up not only with Bing, but they could revive IE 6. Perhaps even get Active X back in circulation. In just a few short years we can pull the web back into the dark ages. I would likely code all of my pages specifically to display a blue screen if the visitor were using an FB browser. If enough people did that, any Facebook spyware-laced browser would die on the vine. Rock who? Exactly. Facebook wasted their investment. That browser will never get above 5% usage. It would be like Camino. Let's hope so. I would like Typekit to be integrated better with Adobe products, but not at the expense of the core Typekit service. It's interesting that I saw this article in Chinese, on the China Unicom portal this morning. Apparently this is even interesting to the tech watchers in China -- although for the life of me, I can't understand how! This TechCrunch/CrunchFund stuff gets confusing. Is TC a news site and CF a VC? It seems analogous to the New York Times starting NYTFund and then having reporters cover their companies. While I suppose the lines are clear (to someone,) it just seems like there's a lot of Crunch and even more confusion on the part of the unwashed. Maybe I need a shower. Or a big CF investment and a positive TC review to soothe my skepticism. ..America's hat. Completely accurate tokenadult. The official Chinese curriculum still uses the "Fun With English" Oxford books, but American English (as in Korea) is fast becoming the prestige variant. The British version is fading like a vestige of the Opium Wars. Finally! Another bitcoin story makes it to the front page of HN again! It's been a long time. I was beginning to think the HN community has moved on to more important things. When will this Bitcoin nonsense fade away? I think the dollar/yuan situation is far more relevant than some fairy coins nobody uses outside of the World of Warcraft crowd. It's still theft however you slice it. The whole idea of moral offsetting is nonsense. That's like saying that I'm going to steal Oreos from the grocery store but make up for it by buying milk. I would be willing to be 100 downloads of my app that price isn't really the issue on music piracy. If you charged $0.10 per song, it wouldn't result in a massive sales increase. The barrier to paid downloads is that people have to use a credit/debit card, usually register somehow and other things that form a barrier to entry. I think $0.99 isn't much to pay for a song or an app, but there are people (a fairly sizable number) who just want to download without going through the presumed hassle of the payment process. I bet if you were giving away CDs outside of the mall and charged $0.25, people wouldn't think twice about tossing a quarter into the can. Take that same song and put it online and the same people happy to toss you the quarter would rather steal the song than process a payment of 25 cents. The problem isn't price -- it's the barrier of payment. What does this have to do with Hacker News? I didn't know that.. Oh well, NYTimes corporate ethics has never really been their forte. I guess they need to diversify to make up for their increasing irrelevance in the news space. That happened with exercise. Suddenly, in the 1960s and 1970s fitness became a massive priority for millions of Americans. The paradigm shift happened almost immediately. 50 years ago you would only work out if you were an athlete or a soldier. A value was placed on wellness much like a value will eventually be placed on education. Also watching parents sit in unemployment lines because the factory closed is serving as a wakeup call to many people. Don't overestimate the Asians either -- their concept of education is quantitative (i.e how high we're your scores or how many vocabulary words did you learn) while Americans tend to be more qualitative. There's a reason innovation in places like China depends on copying everyone else. What major startups in China have been built based on an original idea? Very very few. There are more successful startups based on new ideas in the Bay Area than in the entirety of China. The successful Chinese companies are almost always rehashed versions of American products. Education isn't the driving force behind success in China -- at least not Chinese education. You've obviously never been to a Korean university. The orgy part is less prevalent but certainly not the drunkenness and laxidasical attitudes. I went to both a US university and a Korean one and the work ethic of American university students is much more sturdy than Korean university students. The difference between Asia and the US (one of them) is that Asian students bust their backsides to get into school while the Americans busy their asses once in school. I'm generalizing of course, but at least in Korea, getting into a top school is more important than what you do once you're there. There's a reason that so many Asians want to go to US schools -- and it isn't for the basketball teams-- the quality is much much higher in the States (and UK) than Asia. That may be the anecdotal truth, however nearly any student in the States would prefer to go to MIT or U of Chicago over San Jose State, though San Jose is far more of 'party school' than the aforementioned. Students do care about quality but a party school doesn't necessarily equate to a less serious school. The issue isn't party vs. academics it's about work-life balance. Medical students party very profoundly, however there's no doubt that they value their academics highly. As a current high school teacher, I have nearly daily conversations about college choices and the party aspect is way down on the list. Given a choice between a party school and a top-flight academic institution, nearly all of my admittedly small sample would pick the better academics. Of course, I admit to some selection bias because I'm an AP teacher and my students are far more driven than the 'typical' student. You're completely correct. Just getting a business license in China takes a bribe and months of red stamping. Innovation is crushed in China mainly because of the IP laws (or ignoring thereof.) Unfortunately, I think that some companies are in it for the funding as opposed to the experience itself. The real value of YC has little to do with any checks you get, but the knowledge you earn. I would take a YC spot over a $5 million VC check in an instant. $5 million buys a lot of Heroku dynos, but the YC-knowledge/experience is something that can make you potentially 50x anything you could get without YC. No kidding! I have enough of a time on my own projects. I don't particularly care about adjusting gamma on my TV or constantly f'ing with the microwave to get it to warm up pizza. Although I enjoy hacking, sometimes I just want stuff to work. I'd rather tinker with something that's going to make my products better rather than spending hours trying to get a phone to do something. I spend enough hours getting molested by Heroku and performing anal exams on obscure Gems and a/b testing and blah, blah, blah. If I wanted to waste my time on a phone, I would have bought Android. Phone calls from anyone are usually a pain in the ass. I have to stop what I'm doing and context-switch wasting my time. Unless your company is live dispatching transplant organs or is rescuing me from being trapped in an earthquake or if you're my wife--I NEVER want a phone call. I don't like wasting my time listening to nonsense. Amazon works just fine without calling me so I can't imagine why any other business aside from a few very narrow exceptions would ever need to call anyone. Remove validates phone number :presence => true and leave me the hell alone. Xie xie. Phone calls get ignored too. Just ask my credit card company. Maybe Dave wiener can provide showers and common sense to some of the protesters. Wall Street isn't the problem -- the problem is the White House. These protesters love to scream about Wall Street all while tweeting about it on their computers that were built by companies that are traded on Wall Street. Many of the people that read HN are hoping to one day have an IPO -- all handled by those same banks that are supposedly 'bad.' Perhaps they should e protesting the Solyndra loans where billions was given to a company because they bribed the right people in the White House. I support people's right to express their opinion, but when hypocrisy such as demonstrated by these protests reaches this level, I have to call bullsh#t. I would much rather see a 'Smaller Government Tea Party Hackathon' or perhaps an Occupy the White House Hackathon. The problem isn't the banks it's the government. A government that feels like profits are something to be punished when in fact, profits are the reason innovation happens. No one is forced to have a Bank of America account, but all Americans are forced to pay for bad policies every day. Any time the SIEU is involved in a protest you know the motives are suspect. Nothing ever works as well as it could. Sometimes the cure is worse than the disease. Well based on the article leading with the virtual desktop as a reason UB is 'better' than OS X, you'd think that someone obviously didn't know. Lion came out almost 4 months ago.. UB isn't breaking new ground with that feature. And mission control is even better -- especially with dual or triple monitors. The key isn't making education 'great' (whatever that means,) but making it easier. Edu-products need to be simple. Try getting a class of 9th graders to login to Basecamp and you'll see what the problem is.. Korea too. Many sites in East Asia use java applets and active x nonsense. Kind of ironic since Zen is from Japan and the websites are anything but. Although one block of a Chinese, Korean or Japanese city probably has more neon than all of Las Vegas. This would be a great feature to integrate with ClassCloud, which is a cloud based classroom management system. I hope the class pager guys release an API! Would make my life easier. Completely what I thought! I would if these jackass developers who built the site actually tested it on a real device. Never going back to that publication! It isn't blocked yet.. Give it a few hours. This is why I am moving my company back to the States and why the Chinese startup scene is so depressingly obscure. The Chinese government can go to hell. I'll take my business and dollars somewhere else. At least it won't take me an hour to push to heroku and my aws access won't be throttled. I love those books! Andy Hunt and the other Prag guys are not only nice guys, but their customer policies are very cool (beta books and free upgrades of ebooks.) As far as the quality of the texts, they are my go-to books. Except for The Rails 3 Way by Obie Fernandez, I think Prag has some of the best Rails books around as well as pretty much every other topic they choose to publish. The real question is why anyone would willingly run a windows server for anything? Does 'immediately' = 'within a few years'? China makes Wall Street look like the Sisters of Charity. 'Serve the People' -- yeah right Lei Feng would be rolling in his grave. Maybe Justice will team with TSA to strip search our laptops for illegal files before boarding an airplane. The only problem is that professors don't usually pick the software they use to deliver their online course -- they can certain pick certain applications, but the professors aren't the "buyer" it's the schools and cracking that nut is very, very difficult since Blackboard has heavy investment (and contractual agreements) with so many of the pick players in higher ed. Even if a professor wanted to switch, Blackboard integration in higher ed is far deeper than a single class. Higher ed and enterprise is exceptionally difficult to disrupt when it comes to institution-level installations. There's a reason many orgs are STILL using Windows XP and IE 6. Fighting institutional inertia is massively difficult. If coursekit wants to accomplish that goal though, they should take a facebook approach -- one school at a time. Convince some small school that isn't using Blackboard to try their software. Then expand the school targets outward to adjacent schools in the geographic region. Build up a core school-base and then go after bigger targets. It'll take more than great software. Institutional penetration is far more about sales skill than code quality (see Windows XP comment above.) I think you missed the "humor" tag on the posting. Yes. Companies can already get in trouble for "intentionally lying" it's called fraud. Of course, that's assuming a user reads the TOS and actually knows what they've agreed to accept. He cares about Protect IP -- he was even a cosponsor. Franken's top contributor is Time Warner, with GE a close second. That's great, because otherwise, no one would have found it. They already do explain themselves just at classified hearings to the Senate and House Intelligence committees. Although I don't know about NYPD although they do have an intelligence community liasion that coordinates with FBI and DHS. Lol. "Write to the Internet police." Yeah, good luck with that. The government doesn't ever officially acknowledge sites that are blocked. Even the AWS east coast data center (read: heroku) is blocked in China intermittently. All writing to the mythical Internet police would accomplish is getting your name on a list of people with a stated desire to visit 'pornography'. Internet companies that don't end in .cn and start with 'Tencent' or 'Baidu' are better of just leaving China. It'll never be good here as long as the communists are in power. Not every Chinese person can just go to Hong Kong. Also the blocking isn't about censorship as much as it's about creating an unfair advantage to the Chinese companies who pay huge kickbacks to certain top officials. China can do context specific blocking but instead they block entire sites like FB and Twiiter in order to let the local guys gain dominance. Once FB is unblocked, by then it will be irrelevant. On the second part of your question, western companies use VPNs. The corporate VPNs are not running on the same service as 'normal' residential connections so they aren't subject to the same countermeasures. Bitcoin? No way. We might as well use Facebook credits. Getting Aunt Martha to trust some sketchy form of 'money' to make an online payment is going to be exceptionally difficult. Imagine suing for damages in bitcoins -- it's not a legal currency anywhere. It's a digital version of trading goats. Actually, the merchants ARE the customers. The people who buy using pay pal aren't the ones paying the fees. Without merchants accepting PayPal, then no one would use PayPal. I am transitioning my own company away from PayPal -- we're going to use chargify for recurring and braintree for everything else. PayPal can go to hell. They've been treating us like criminals because we are located in China, are incorporated in Nevada, have a DC phone number and a California bank account. They don't seem to understand global businesses. They're a step below retarded. We've had our accounts frozen multiple times and don't respond to emails. I hate PayPal and as soon as I can get their crap disintangled from our web application code, we're done with them. We get better customer device from China's Union Pay and that is a state owned black hole of a company. At least they respond to emails and don't lock our account everytime I log in from a hotel room on the road. Define "qualified" when it comes to computers. Great stuff. One of the best intro Rails TDD programs around. Kind of interesting.. excluding people not based on their qualifications (or ability to contribute), but based on their willingness to self-identify as a nerd. Doesn't seem very welcoming.. Ps, you can downvote if you have enough karma. Sounds almost exactly like finding apartments in New York. I especially love the 2 bedroom part. In NYC, they love to make 1 bedrooms into 2 by putting up a bookshelf or a temporary wall. I've been going through the apartment hunting nonsense, including using Airbnb and it's been a nightmare. On Airbnb, you can't just "book," it seems like it requires an exchange of messages before you can get a "yes." Cool shit? Working for Microsoft? I must have missed something. He needs to lighten up! All day long I stare at screens solving problems. A beer often serves as a great way to relax and de-stress. His abhorrence of alcohol is perfectly within his rights, but he shouldn't act self righteous and judge others. The post reads almost like a temperance movement column from 1917 and is equally ridiculous. There's also a big difference between a beer in the company fridge (like Pivotal, ZocDoc, iCouch, DPL, etc,) and doing keg stands next to the pairing stations. The absolutism of the blog was my biggest complaint. Moderation has a place between the extreme of binge lunacy and strict teetotaling. It's a great way for the whitehouse to build contact lists for potential contributors. The petitions are meaningless. Pressuring Congress is far more effective and time-tested. The real question is if the OP's blog was hacked by terrible designers. What a hard-to-read site. China Telecom does this routinely. More secure? Then I suppose I'll get all of the insurance and banking portals to rewrite everything in PHP -- since is so secure and easy to use. Rails hosting: git push heroku master. Pretty damned simple. And cheap, for the level of hosting you get for $6 per month, Heroku is free. As far as Rails spaghetti, if you're using TDD, then it's easy to fix things if new code breaks old code. For real. This is the same philosophy we share for our iOS apps. I gladly pay for great software/services (i.e. Basecamp, Vimeo Pro.) Youtube, while ubiquitous, is a a visual pain, compared to paid Vimeo accounts. This could be useful, but most students won't be able to access their files from school computers. One of my side projects, ClassCloud was based on this idea -- students and schools love it, but the facebook.com domain is going to make it a hard sell. I also would be interested to the privacy policy behind the filesharing -- will FB have access to the data? I agree -- credible competition is vital to push industry forward. Above the fold design is critical from a marketing standpoint. But you're right, everything doesn't have to be above the fold.. if anything the above the fold should be designed to encourage readers to scroll below the fold. Their "vision" is "me-too." They're getting killed by the app store(s) and they're looking for a way to expand their relevance beyond their desktop revenue streams. Their vision is quite simply to remain relevant. I can't say they don't care about innovation, but innovation seems to be playing second fiddle to catching up. Their entire company history is littered with being late to the party. They're operating on a multi-year velocity rather than shorter cycles. While that worked for Windows (due to Apple's late 1980s incompetence) it won't work now because Apple (and Google) are firing on all cylinders. They're chasing a moving target. Wayne Gretsky said, skate to where the puck is going to be. MS is building products around where the puck used to be. If they make a browser that doesn't increase my development overhead then they are welcome to the party. Sorry but that's from the Declaration of Independence. By the way, those clichés were not clichés when they were written -- that's why they were so revolutionary at the time. England certainly didn't recognize individual rights at the time. Dismissing the Constitution and the Declaration as a few clichés is to reveal an ignorance of the historical context of those documents. Additionally, The British had slavery until 1833 -- slavery wasn't an American invention. Disparaging the paradox of slave owners writing all men were created equal is also revealing as to a lack of understanding of history and the context in which those documents were created as well as the political realities at the time. Stick to code, your historical snark makes you look foolish. Kind of like rising CO2 and global temps. Those rules are not arbitrary. They're based on training soldiers to wear protective headgear without thinking. The hat requirement outdoors is because it's designed to create an innate awareness that will protect you in a combat zone. You never ever leave cover without your Kevlar helmet in a combat zone. The 'hat' is a representation of that protective headgear. The rules are designed to instill discipline that could keep you alive in a war zone. It certainly isn't rooted in fashion. Like nearly all military traditions and procedures, hat rules are there for a reason even though it may appear arbitrary to those who have never served. Regarding the ethics of allowing a coke dealer to use the service: it doesn't matter because anyone knowingly facilitating illegal activity can be prosecuted under federal RICO statutes and they'd have the entire business seized under the seizure laws. Operating with the law as a benchmark isn't about ethics, it's about good business. While we can debate the ethics of the law, the law itself must still be followed. That's just responsible business. Discriminating based on one's beliefs is definitely an ethical issue but that can lead down a potentially dangerous slippery slope. Should Amazon (or libraries) refuse access to books to certain people because of their associations? It seems like bad business to have litmus tests beyond illegality. Can a store refuse to sell twinkies to fat people? That would be viewed by some as ethical, although potentially illegal. The best course would be to ban hate activity on the site, but it would be impossible to know hate activity without violating privacy. And what is hate activity anyway? Who decides? The KKK seems like an obvious group, but what about the Black Panthers, certain religious groups and even so-called Civil Rights groups like La Raza. It's very difficult to determine hate activity in an objective and business-defensible way. The law is the clearest standard rather than nebulous ethics. Besides free speech should apply to everyone, even if we disagree with the content. If I could up vote this twice I would. MS Office 'standards' are one of my biggest complaints about tech implentations in both government and enterprise. I would prefer PDFs or even just text files. But who really cares? It isn't like 37signals is spamming people. As far as less reputable people, I don't want what they're giving away anyway. Quit complaining. Convert the PDF yourself. The damned thing was free! Perhaps they should send us an iPad to read it on too? Your bias against ruby is astounding. You recommend node and Django but recommend against rails? Rails isn't magic. The Michael Hartl book is a great place to start after Chris Pine's 'Learn to Program.' Of course the Pine and Hartl books might be a little too magical for an avowed Pythonista. As far as MySQL, you've lost your damned mind. For relational databases, why not build a heroku site and use PG? Who the hell still uses MySQL? My suggested 'Learn to Program' path would start with Kids Ruby, then followed by the Chris Pine 'Learn to Program' book followed by the Michael Hartl tutorial followed by the Big Nerd Ranch Objective C book. The Nerd Ranch book starts with an intro to C before getting into OOP concepts. The sound itself isn't a 'sound' but a performance. Hence copyrightable. The process to create that performance could be patented. Should someone who purchases a Coca Cola be limited to just 12 ounces? Coca Cola should be unlimited -- if I want to drink over 9000 ounces then I should not pay more than someone who just wants a sip. Right? Perhaps I ought to start my own soda company that doesn't employ usage-based pricing. Perhaps those opposed to this or that in an industry ought to start their own companies doing the way they think it should be done. Uncapped broadband is contrary to every other utility pricing model. You pay electricity, water and gas based in usage: why should broadband be any differently. Throttling, however is NOT good. If you pay for unlimited anything, then you should get what you pay for. Design for any reason other than UX is just vanity. You're confusing aesthetics for design. Design is not color scheme and fonts unless those color schemes and fonts enhance the UX. Good usability is good design. They are one and the same. As an entrepreneur, code isn't your product. Your product is how that code is packaged in terms of solving a customer's pain point. Finding and convincing users to use your solution is 75% of business -- that means sales and marketing. 10% is fundraising or otherwise finding capital to pay the bills if you're pre revenue. 10% is helping retain existing users (i.e. support) and 5% is the actual code writing. The code part of the original Facebook was no big accomplishment. Getting millions of users was. Those users didn't come because Zuck and Co. wrote great code; they came because the product was something that did what they wanted and was marketed in a highly effective and viral way that drove users. Coding isn't business, it's just one of the inputs that goes into a business. To use a watchmaker example, an anonymous watchmaker that has a fantastic watch will never grow his business despite an amazing piece of 'code' -- it takes marketing and sales to make it happen. It also takes distribution, billing and administrative support. Code is a minor part of the business. Excellent mention of the coffee shop fallacy. I think you nailed the point perfectly. Coffee making is only 5% of running a coffee shop. Dealing with customers (i.e. sales and marketing) is the majority of the work. People can get coffee anywhere; they go to your shop because of the perceived value of your product. Coffee (and code) becomes a commodity. While there is some really brilliant artisanal coffee (and code,) the general public doesn't usually know enough to tell the difference. Read the Lean Startup and learn what an MVP really is. And MVP can be built without writing any code. Your first few months should be figuring out what your customers want. No. But if you immerse yourself in the language, the business and the culture of startups, you can learn enough to give it a shot. There's more to startups that 'tech' -- basic business skills are seemingly underrated by so-called technical people. The question should never be 'can we build it', but 'can we sell it'. A startup is a business, designed to make money. Building something with no business plan can be cool and useful, but a project doesn't become a startup until the project turns into a product -- which is something that makes money. The cost to produce is irrelevant. If I have a product that costs $0.01 to produce and I can sell it for $10, then good for me; no one is obligated to pay that however. The marginal cost of broadband is very low, but there are very high fixed costs. What is a 'wingnutism'? Let's skip the puerilities on HN if possible. There's one of those in my Jersey City neighborhood. Sounds like you might have a few personal issues. Visit iCouch.me to connect with a therapist. The difference is that the US doesn't threaten to wipe countries off the map. Iran is an evil theocracy and can't be trusted with nuclear weapons. Drawing moral equivalencies between the US and a totalitarian terrorist state is ridiculous. It's like comparing North Korea with Belgium. Getting offended at such a intense level over something that has no appreciable consequence is definitely an issue. It isn't like wifi network names are spray painted on the side of your house. Kapersky is a nut. His products are worse than what he purports to 'cure'. Viruses that take out nuclear weapons facilities from countries such as Iran and North Korea seen like a far better alternative than using traditional weapons. I can't think of any case where civilians were killed by a computer virus. That is freakin awesome. Imagine turning Grandma into a chaise lounge.. PG is far superior to MySQL. Incremental backups are a default on PG, while on MySQL is far more sketchy. This thread: http://www.quora.com/What-are-the-advantages-and-disadvantag... has some thoughts as well. Redis is great. The smart discount was getting the 40% off coupon when Michael first announced the 2nd Ed. Great bargain! This whole problem has become a cliché. I've been married for over a year now and never once has this been an issue. Maybe it's because I pee in the sink.. We're repressed? Generalize much? The Ethiopian decision isn't about monitoring, it's about protecting a monopoly. It's the same sort of thinking that has a certain political party opposing free trade agreements out of a fear that it will bankrupt manufacturers using inefficient processes. It's a classic case of violating Henry Hazlitt's economics lesson: "The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy; it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups." While this prohibition has the immediate (apparent) consequence of 'saving' the state-controlled telephone industry and ostensibly the jobs of its workers, it has a long run consequence of raising telecom costs for the rest of the country which results in less money available for other investment, resulting in a net-loss for the economy. This will also result in an expansion of the "industry" of catching illegal Skypers and prosecuting and incarcerating same -- thus magnifying the net economic loss. Instead of diverting government and/or private resources into innovation, those resources will instead be consumed by reactionism. The Ethiopian policy is entirely about protectionism and has nothing to do with communications security. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_they_came%E2%80%A6 Skype is headquartered in Luxembourg. http://about.skype.com/where-is-skype/ I have the twin Dell 24's with an MBP -- here's an image how I have it setup: http://briandear.tumblr.com/post/24403674220/my-development-... Maybe not the "best" way, but perfect for my workflow (I deal with mobile web development so I need a bunch of small browser windows open simultaneously to test on the multitude of mobile user agents.) I usually have specs, chrome, campfire, email on the left, code in the center and my development browser windows on the right. Apple does respond to complaints from trademark holders. It's not Apple's job to determine trademark infringement; it's the job of the trademark holder to protect their marks. When Microsoft files a complaint, Apple will take down the offending app, assuming the violation can be proven. The burden of proof (as in the courts) is on the trademark holder, not the seller. You could just stop developing for Apple. I hear Android is an "open" platform. It's a pain in the ass to use. The plugins are often not backwards compatible. It's amateur quality. The database is mySQL which is not ACID compliant, among other problems. Joomla also is terrible for SEO as the URL handling is badly implemented.. (the whole thing runs off of Index.php? for example.) Joomla is for people that don't know anything about web development and want something they can throw together. If your client "must" use something like Joomla, you'd be better off with WordPress -- there are far more plugins, the documentation is better and it's not a pain in the ass to deploy. Or better yet, just build a Rails CMS. It isn't that hard. Joomla also has a bad reputation for security. While it can be secure, it often isn't because of the way 'developers' build the sites. Joomla is based on Mambo (from the PHP 4 days) and is badly engineered. It isn't even object oriented. It's also not MVC, so you can't separate business logic from presentation, among other things. It's just a mess. The documentation is terrible compared to WordPress -- a pretty big deal if you want to create custom extensions. I'll go out on a limb here and add that the types of clients that love Joomla are the types of clients I can do without. I did some Joomla work for a client and it was the worst experience I've ever had working with anyone, because the types of people that value Joomla, rarely value craftsmanship, good design (both front-end and back-end) and are generally ignorant (or hardheaded) about good software practices. Never again. Oh, and it's in PHP. Except there's no law against selling to Texas. Your logic is flawed. Ok Mac OS X Lion is not System 9. And no, Lion isn't backwards compatible to System 9 and there hasn't been hell to pay. Is it reasonable that she has actually listened to all of those songs? That's about 733 hours of music. Assuming she listened 2 hours a day and never repeated a song, she'd be listening for over a year before she heard all of those songs. And you know she has Modest Mouse and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs on repeat. This girl is a thief, plain and simple. It's like walking into a Starbucks and just stealing coffee. The marginal cost of a cup of coffee is just pennies, however there are fixed costs involved. If you don't like Starbucks or think they're corrupt or whatever, no one is forcing you to consume their product. If you don't like Universal Records, then don't support their product. Musicians must buy equipment and play, usually for years making next to nothing, playing in ratty bars for shitty owners and when they finally do get an album released, they certainly deserve to get paid -- the record companies deserve to get paid as well. For every hit song, they've blown countless dollars supporting musicians that never accomplish anything. This anti-corporate argument is the argument of a cheapskate thief. There are plenty of Indie labels on iTunes that operate on shoestrings, yet people steal their music too. Spoken like a true intellectual. Historically people have stolen photographs and graphics to use on their web pages. Is that cool? Image if someone just ripped off one of your client's advertising slogans and used the same design to sell their products. All's fair when digital right? This "historical" argument is the same argument that people use to explain all manner of social ills. It's a cop out. It was wrong historically to steal and it's wrong now. People have a personal responsibility, it isn't societies fault that this girl is a thief. Indies can easily get on iTunes. I didn't even know Phone 7 was fully released. I hope Windows Phone 8 has a Professional-Home-Often-On-The-PATH-Train Edition-for-Workgroups. I couldn't live without that. You may have lost respect for them but you're still going to use CL. Which kind of proves the point. Darwin's theory was the Theory of Natural Selection, not the theory of evolution. I wish people would get it right. Depends on the region. Either way, it makes no difference. Craigslist doesn't owe anyone anything. If people don't like it, they're invited to compete. It's not shitty, it's smart, why give your data to a potential competitor? Padmapper is obstrnsibly attempting to make money right? Why should CL let PM profit for CL data? Just because YOU like PM, doesn't mean that CL is being shitty. There's a reason CL is still on top. As far as the UI -- that's over rated. Drudge is the top trafficked news site in the world and he hasn't changed anything since 1997. Content trumps UI. Right. If employees want a "cut" of the profits, they can get that cut by buying stock. They're also getting health insurance, 401k. When you are an input, you will never get rich. Apple store employees are not tricked into the job. They are promised x and they get x. If they don't like it, they can go work for a Microsoft store. Or, they can stop complaining and create something themselves. Apple has created so many jobs, not just at Apple, Inc., but with the entire economy that has developed as a result of their products. Perhaps the NY Times ought to be criticizing General Motors for stagnant growth and job losses rather than Apple who is actually doing something good for the economy. I think that the NY Times is just jealous -- after all, Instagram is worth more. How many jobs has the NY Times created lately? They find it easy to attack Apple, but seem to be sleeping when it comes to companies like Solyndra and Fiskar taking millions of taxpayer dollars and effectively wasting them. Apple is a net positive for the US economy, but the NY Times doesn't care about that -- it's trendy to attack Apple. Foxconn, for example, makes stuff for HP and many other consumer hardware companies, yet it's always Apple that gets the worm from the media. Nonsense. That's all this is. Linkbait rivaling Business Insider. We can criticize Apple for many things, but job creation and economic value is not one of them. For real. I'm there. The CEO doesn't necessarily know about each article, but you know the Times doesn't run a hatchet job on a major corporation without it filtering up to the top floor offices. Story lists are circulated among the executives. When I was a photographer for Reuters and Sipa (1996-2002), I had, on occasion, photos that would find their way up to the executive level before they'd be released. I can specifically remember my photos from Jasper, Texas and the James Bird Jr. murder getting some extra attention before they went out on the wire. Another situation involved a Black Panther protest and KKK counter-protest at the Gary Graham execution in Huntsville, TX. Executives definitely know what's going on, especially with highly visible targets. Stories are promoted, killed, "massaged" or delayed for various reasons by the executives. To believe otherwise is naïve. The Times is losing subscribers, losing profits and you bet your ass that reporters are worried about it -- their jobs depend on the company's survival. Apple is increasing profits, hiring people and they're also non-union. Polar opposite of the NY Times organization. I'm not disputing any of the Times's facts, I am disputing the slant. Instead of addressing the very high youth unemployment among recent college graduates, they instead attack a company that's creating jobs -- without government "stimulus." That scares the typical Times reporters because it goes against their common refrain that government spending is necessary to save the economy. Apple devices, specifically the iPad have cut into traditional newspaper profits substantially as well. It could be said that the internet killed the newspaper and the iPad is just fast tracking that process. People are consuming more content, but they are paying for it less frequently. They could have run the same article about McDonalds. Billions in worldwide sales, yet cashiers are making low wages with no 401k, no stock purchase and very modest, if any health coverage. Yet, the take on Apple. What's the motivation? Are employees being abused? No. Are they being paid below market value? No. Are they being denied benefits? No. What's the story? "Apple employees make less than the executives but more than nearly everyone else in retail." Big f'ing deal. How much is that Best Buy job paying these days? I guess Yammer is going to eventually start sucking. Re: Skype for Mac UX. It's interesting how some in the hacker news community make such a big deal about this issue but doesn't put as much effort into helping all startups trying to build something useful. It seems like this issue has degraded into something beyond Craigslist and their decisions and into a charity solicitation for Padmapper. I wish my company got this kind of free marketing support. I guess I ought to steal some data and then complain when the owner pulls the plug. I am happy to read about the issue, but I am not happy that a company attempts to use HN as a tool for their own benefit. Sure. Let's build tools to steal other people's data and profit from it. It won't make a dent. Getting landlords off of Craigslist is about as easy as gettin South Korea off Internet Explorer. It's unnecessary. Why would someone email my Facebook instead of emailing me? If they want to send a Facebook message, there's this nifty button called 'Message' for that very purpose. Facebook is Microsoft circa 2003. You obviously have never been to China. Those kids, especially pre-school are indulged beyond belief thank to the one-child policy. Have you ever taught a public school? You'd want police too. Thug culture has infiltrated most public schools. Spanking has decreased in schools. Violence has increased in schools. Just sayin' Just change your user agent. So PadMapper isn't trying to make money or build a business? Just doing it for the people? My irritation isn't with PadMapper, it's that many of HN have latched onto PadMapper as some kind of cause, many resorting to complaining about CL not allowing people to use their data, even though the terms of service are crystal clear on the issue. There are plenty of companies out there that could benefit from piggybacking off of others' data. I have little sympathy for a company that builds their product around using someone else's data and then loses access to that data, when they should have had their partnership deal with that company in place before just going ahead with it. Building a great UI is trivial. Anyone on this site could build something useful in a weekend. The hard part is actually building a business around it. Sales, marketing, business development. Code is the easy part. Ebay, Godaddy, and countless other sites have terrible UI design, but they have marketing and sales efforts that build their businesses. Plenty of beautiful sites and companies have washed away because they didn't know how to sell their product. CL certainly isn't making the money they are by giving their data away to anyone that just decides to start using it. In my own business, in the telemedicine/mental health space, it would make my life so much easier if I could scrape the Psychology Today therapist listings and just use their data with my better (in my opinion) UI. But I certainly didn't build my business depending on that data and then complain that they won't let me steal their marketing, advertising and sales efforts for my own benefit. Instead, we have to do the hard work of selling our product ourselves. I certainly didn't come crying on Hacker News because site X won't let me make money off of repackaging their content. It all comes down to the terms of service. If it's against the terms of service, why the hell would anyone build a business around violating those terms, knowing full well that it would get a Cease and Desist. Building a better Craigslist is an awesome goal -- but you don't do it by stealing craigslist data. You get your own damned data. Building a business is hard work -- it isn't just about building some nifty aggregator. I would gladly use PadMapper and a related service Unpakt. Those are pain points for me that certainly need curing. But I'm not going to feel some sort of moral outrage that Craigslist is protecting their business. Compete. Don't whine. What it'll take is a hyperlocal focus. Taking on CL head-on for national listings is daunting and inefficient. It would be much better if PL would go after a specific, narrowly-defined area, for example Brooklyn. Be the very best and definitive source on Brooklyn apartment. Contact landlords listing on Craigslist and offer them the chance to cross-list for free. Promise them higher quality leads. Add a showing/scheduling tool so prospective tenants can make viewing appointments online. Have a message center where clients can ask questions (which are then just emailed directly to the landlord.) Make it were the landlord doesn't have to do anything at all. You do the postings yourself. Do it for every quality Brooklyn apartment, continue doing it, day in, day out. Once you have a sizable number of listings flyer the hell out of Brooklyn and Union Square (or your local equivalent.) Post flyers for 3 hours every day in every coffeeshop, bar, bike shop, barber, on every light pole you can. If you don't have time, hire some kids to do it for you. Once you are THE place for Brooklyn, add some listings for the East Village. Rinse and repeat. Research how ZocDoc did what they did. Just going all scattershot isn't going to do anything. What PL needs is a high listing density for a particular area rather than just a few apartments here and there. No one wants to visit an empty nightclub, so rather than opening a stadium-sized place, open a small basement place and make it the hottest place around, using that success to grow. Also, if you can show great metrics in a Brooklyn-type place, you'll have some solid investor interest that can drive even more growth. Whatever the city -- hypertargeting is the edge that could push you past craigslist. After all, that's exactly how craigslist got started in the first place. Use their strategy to beat them. You start getting some traction in a particular area, then you can start charging for preferred listings or some other value-added thing. I'm far from an expert, but if you want to beat CL, that's how you do it. This is freakin awesome. Nice work! Right. And whales were once a significant part of school discipline. Serving time is exactly the way I would have put it too. Maybe he needs Google Voice. It also doesn't preclude causation either. Lacking scientific data otherwise, it's a perfectly valid hypothesis that would certainly warrant investigation. All scientific theory starts with a hypothesis based on observation. Dismissing a hypothesis out of hand because you don't like the implication isn't valid science. We could say that correlation doesn't imply causation with CO2 and the climate change debate as well, even though I don't like the implications of CO2 regulation. However that approach is not consistent with the Scientific Method. Until Science disproves a lack of causation of spanking and discipline, then it's just as valid a hypothesis as any other untested hypothesis. Github is an amazing product. Can you block sponsored stories? Besides, what good are controls if they keep 'evolving' and force you to actually maintain those settings. Settings and prefs should be fire and forget. I should not have to revisit settings in response to some new feature. For example, that jackass new @facebook email thing. Facebook is circa 1999 Windows. Fuck the social graph. It's more like cable access. Occasionally, there'll be something interesting, but most of the time it's a bunch of people standing around trying to put on a show about stuff about which no one cares. Life's too short to be watching cat videos and sifting through sponsored stories. And people that do use Facebook feel it their duty to post status messages everytime they take a dump. Who's the real ass here? Why does this guy deserve a Wired story? He's not interesting. What next, a story about stock brokers who start a restaurant? Now if the guy would have quit programming to become a lumberjack, that would have been interesting. Instead it sounds almost like an Onion parody of hipsters. I also love air conditioning. That's how I felt about my horse and buggy. I rode it everywhere until I took an arrow to the knee. Yes, but users don't accidentally jailbreak their devices. Jailbreak me exploited a vulnerability in the FreeType library used while rendering PDF files. That has long been patched. While I'm sure that there are other exploits that we haven't discovered yet, a one-click jailbreak exploit hasn't happened since Jailbreakme, it it had, it would be ubiquitous. The odds are tremendously low for someone to accidentally jailbreak their phone. I don't recall of ever hearing a story where someone accidentally jailbroke their phone, although I could be ill informed. You guys use Jira? I think the person to blame is you. The friendly "public shaming" might also be counterproductive as it will discourage developers from doing anything to rock your very carefully managed boat. As far as production bug preventing, that's what a dedicated QA team is for. You said it yourself, "We anticipated the increase in production bugs when we moved away from having a dedicated QA team." Putting the QA job on the developers is fair enough, I guess, however it would seem like you neglect using proper staging environments to ensure that broken code never sees production. At my place, we have a staging environment for every team, then we have a company staging environment then stuff goes to production. The product manager and team devs test at the team level staging, then it moves to the company staging server where QA (or another developer) tests and then it goes to production. We do Continuous Integration as well but we sure as hell don't have a "Person to Blame" -- we are a fucking team. The person to blame is the boss that lets shitty code make it onto production. So I guess it would be easy to fill out the "Person to Blame" box.. just type your own name in every time. I totally agree. It's adios time. At least in NYC there are hundreds of developer jobs unfilled with great pay and no "person to blame." Great developers are hard to find, apparently, so are great bosses. The average person doesn't care. I'm in this industry and I barely care. Watching Google and Apple is like watching NBA players scuffling over the last bottle of champagne. The average person just wants to use their phone, update their Facebook and find out what Snooki is up too. A boycot organized on a site that the muggles have barely heard of over an issue that they don't give two shits about isn't going to affect Apple's share price one cent. In fact their price will likely rise as the Street sees Apple defending their IP successfully. In Korea Samsung sells cars that are almost exact copies if American and German models. Korean businesses have no qualms about straight up stealing others designs. For example looking at this car, by a company called Ssangyang, http://www.jeepfan.com/readersjeeps/ians-korando/ it's an almost perfect clone of a Jeep CJ-7. This is exceptionally common with Korean Chaebols. Samsung getting sympathy over this is laughable. In Korea Samsung runs over the little guy all the time. It's a highly corrupt, politically nasty company. Spend more than 10 minutes in Korea and people would lose all sympathy for poor little Samsung. I agree that the copycats who "do it cheaper" do drive innovation at some level, however, the reason they can do it cheaper is that they've invested almost nothing into developing the product, other than reverse-engineering costs. For example, no one was doing a multitouch screen for a consumer mobile device until Apple. In fact, companies such as RIM where declaring the full QWERTY hardware keyboards were the future of smartphones. So Apple took a risk, a huge risk in fact. So when a company like Samsung (or any in their cohort) comes along and puts a touchscreen on a phone, when no one else was doing it before, Samsung effectively benefited from Apple's risk. I'm not arguing that the concept of a touchscreen should be patent-protected, however the specific technology behind should be. Furthermore, part of Samsung's complaint against the injunction is that the iPad design patent is "generic" and should not be subject to protection, yet if it was so generic, then why wasn't anyone else using that design before Apple? Just because it's minimal doesn't mean it's generic. It appears generic because the iPad became so ubiquitous. Coca-Cola bottles are another good example of the logic behind a design patent. The Coca-Cola's classic "Contour" bottle, or "Hobble skirt" bottle, from 1915 was one of the first glass containers ever to be patented based only on its unique shape. In 1916, Coca-Cola debuted the patented bottle which would help distinguish them from competitors. Even today, that bottle is recognized as a "Coke bottle." No one is arguing that bottles should be patent protected, but the specific characteristics that make a bottle unique certainly should be. The Coke bottle is a prime example. Design patents protect that which distinguishes one product from another. If you look at this image: http://www.zdnet.co.uk/i/z5/illo/nw/story_graphics/10oct/gal... The products look almost identical, although the Galaxy pictured is the smaller version than the 10.1. But really.. who in their right mind can say that Samsung just happened to come up with the exact same design as Apple. More importantly, would the neighbor down the street, if she saw them both together, be able to tell them apart? She's likely say, "Oh cool, Apple made a smaller iPad." For more examples of Samsung blatantly ripping off Apple designs, have a look at this: http://www.iclarified.com/images/news/20889/74763/74763.jpg Samsung copied the exact same green for the phone icon as well as positioned it in the exact same default location as the iPhone. The clock icon is a square clock with a round face with a slight change of shading. The Notes/Memo icon is virtually identical expect the Samsung version is slightly zoomed out. The similarities continue through Galaxy products. The web browser icon even (at least a year ago) had a compass on it! I am not a fan of RIM equipment by any stretch, but at least they designed their own icons without ripping off Apple: http://geekynotes.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/blackb... Even the Samsung box design was copied from Apple. Samsung box: http://www.thegalaxytab.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/galax... Apple box: http://admintell.napco.com/ee/images/uploads/appletell/ipad-... For comparison, here's a Sony box: http://www.taragis.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/Sony-Table... We, the tech minded can argue differences, but that isn't at issue. Of course a tech person knows the difference between a Samsung Galaxy XYZ123 and an XYZ321, but the average person that sees that Samsung product is going to certainly confuse it with Apple. Arguing that this injunction is somehow stifling innovation is bullshit. Samsung themselves are stiffing their own innovation trying to create a copycat product and riding the Apple gravy train as opposed to inventing something of their own. At least Amazon, Sony, HP, Microsoft are/were attempting to distinguish themselves. I respect the vapor-ware MS Surface far more than the extant Samsung Galaxy simply because at least Microsoft is trying to innovate, even if they seem to have a rough time of it. THAT'S what competition is about, not copying someone's designs and tweaking it a little. It's about building a better product than the other guy. Microsoft, and it pains me to say it, is one of the few companies other than Apple that are truly trying to innovate in the mobile device space. Samsung is just another East-Asian mega-conglomerate trying to cash in on someone else's work. In 2010, Samsung's revenue (not including subsidiaries outside of Korea) was $258 billion. Apple's was $63.5 Billion. I mention that because the anti-Apple narrative is that somehow they are bullying poor little Samsung when that just isn't the case. Samsung is the number 2 patent holder by number of patents globally, just after IBM and just ahead of Canon. Microsoft comes in at number 6. And Apple -- number 39. RIM is number 40. To make Apple out as the villan in this saga is ridiculous. Maybe we don't like Apple because their SDK offends us or our neo-hipster aesthetic is offended by the ubiquitousness of their products, but in this case, Samsung is getting exactly what they deserve. People that want to turn this into an Android vs. Apple battle are missing the point of the injunction, nor did they read the filings in the case. If this were an Android/Apple battle, it would be Google in the courtroom. That won't work either. A job with Apple is highly sought after. Even jobs in the retail stores get hundreds of applications. Engineers still flocked to Microsoft even during the "dark" days. I don't think a company that had an $89 stock price in 2008 and a $584 stock price now is going to have any trouble attracting top talent. A strong stock price and massive earnings == no problems recruiting. When it comes down to it, the average employee wants to work on interesting things and be well paid. They want job security. They choose their jobs less from ideology and more on finances, work-life balance, quality of work environment, innovation opportunities. If ideology was a defining factor, then people would be lining up to work for non-profit organizations, which they're not. Some 2-bit boycott attempt by a bunch of hysterical Android nerds will not make a dent in anyone's universe, much less Apple's. I doubt Apple is shaking in their boots over a silly hashtag on a social network only used actively by 89 people worldwide. NYC, H1B, US Citizen or resident Paperless Post DBA/Database Operations Engineer We’re seeking a DBA/Database Operations Engineer who brings an operations perspective to database administration and a data perspective to scaling web operations. You love to write code that automates your data infrastructure (from bare metal/bare cloud to taking production traffic, at the "push of a button"). You modularize, reuse, and version control that code. You use the latest technologies, but still value uptime, performance, and stability. You follow best practices, but iterate over your projects quickly and smartly. Responsibilities: Provision and optimize PostgreSQL infrastructure for rapidly growing consumer web application Maintain various staging and production PostgreSQL database instances “Infrastructure as code" Troubleshoot production database issues Requirements: Database administration (PostgreSQL, Redis, pgbouncer) Linux systems administration (CentOS, RHEL) Configuration management (Chef, Puppet) Monitoring/availability (Nagios) Trending/metrics collection (Collectd, Statsd, Graphite) Web/application serving (Apache, Nginx, HAproxy, Rails) Continuous integration/deployment (Jenkins, Capistrano) Scripting (Bash, Ruby) Version control (Git, Svn) Network administration (DNS, firewall, load-balancing) Hosting (managed hosting, VMware, Amazon Web Services) To Apply: Please send your resume and cover letter to brian@paperlesspost.com NYC, H1B, US Citizen or resident Paperless Post Quality Assurance Engineer We are seeking a Quality Assurance Engineer to serve as a liaison between our Product and Engineering teams. In this role you will live between our two top priorities: product-enhancing features and flawless functionality, ensuring that Paperless Post is constantly growing and adding new features without sacrificing quality. We provide a consumer-friendly product that over ten million people interact with, and the successful candidate will be involved in a mix of quality assurance, feature management, and advocacy for our users. Responsibilities Fully understand project specs, and create and manage tickets for development team Vet the readiness of features for production via feature testing and regression-testing other areas of the site With Product Managers, discuss bugs and other issues and their effect on specs and deployment goals Work closely with the Production Manager toward the goal of optimal production performance by: Ensuring technical quality of projects and features before and after deployment Incorporating solutions for user-facing bugs and usability issues into the feature development process Push forward the development of new features, advocate for the fixing of user-facing bugs and usability issues, and ensure the general stability of the products we release Qualifications Passion for delivering an extremely high quality product Passion for delivering an extremely high quality product Superb communication and organizational skills Understanding and strong interest in web technologies Ability to listen carefully and execute within changing priorities Knowledge of software development methodologies and tools Track record of proactive project management a plus To Apply: To apply for this position please send a resume to brian@paperlesspost.com with a brief cover letter included in the body of the email. NYC, H1B, US Citizen or Resident Paperless Post Mobile Web Developer We are seeking an exceptional Mobile Web Developer to join our new mobile team. In this role you will work closely with our Product and Mobile team to help us shape, design, and build the mobile Paperless Post experience for our mobile customers across a variety of mobile devices, and browsers. This role is a great fit for an experienced web developer who is looking to move into the mobile space. You will tackle design and software architecture challenges as you make the rich Paperless Post web experience live on mobile browsers. The ideal candidate is an excellent programmer, user-focused, and passionate about the mobile opportunities for Paperless Post. Responsibilities: Develop our mobile web application throughout the product lifecycle: code architecture, feature implementation, integration, and code verification Solve complex technical problems under system constraints such as performance, form factors, and data service availability Lead and participate in code reviews Collaborate with the product, design, QA, and support teams to understand product requirements prior to implementation Ensure continuous high product quality through code testing, bug fixing, and feature changes based on consumers feedback Requirements: 2 years of experience developing for web/mobile web platforms in JavaScript, HTML, CSS (Ruby, Ruby on Rails a plus) B.S. / B.A. in Computer Science or equivalent experience Creative with excellent problem solving and analytical skills Passion for product quality and attention to details Must be a team player and effective collaborator with excellent communication skills Experience coding for multiple mobile platforms (Android, BlackBerry, Windows) is a plus To Apply: Send your resume to brian@paperlesspost.com NYC, H1B, US Citizen or Resident Paperless Post Front End Developer We're looking for a creative, innovative front-end developer to architect and maintain paperlesspost.com, a site that over 10 million people interact with. Projects involve our main and mobile sites, and range from simple enhancements to weeks-long projects dedicated to completely new features. In this role you will get to work on a visually elegant site that puts a major emphasis and value on the front-end -- your work here will be noticed and appreciated. Responsibilities: Receive all front-end tasks, including new projects, current site updates and changes, and bug fixes Work with the Product team on project specs, providing input on the overall interface of the existing site and new feature development Receive Illustrator files from Design team and slice images, if needed Convert design to readable HTML/CSS Ensure the site supports older browsers (IE6 and up only) Commit your code in the Git repo and hand off for implementation Use of CSS3 is encouraged, as the site does not need to look identical in all browsers Requirements: Proven good judgement when it comes to implementing design Ability to make reusable and fast CSS Solid knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Web Standards a must Experience using Adobe Photoshop and Fireworks Haml/Sass, jQuery, and Ruby knowledge a plus Mac OS X experience a plus Excellent communicator and collaborator To Apply: Please send a resume and cover letter to brian@paperlesspost.com NYC, H1B, US Citizen or Resident Web Developer We are seeking exceptional Web Developers to join several of our feature teams. This position is ideal for someone who knows Ruby, Rails, and jQuery. You will work with a small feature team on all parts of the development cycle, in many different areas of the code, and on constantly releasing features that millions of people use. Responsibilities Develop and implement new features written both in Ruby and JavaScript Develop maintainable software through various methods, from peer reviews to writing automated tests Lead and participate in code reviews Collaborate with the product, design, QA, and support teams to understand product requirements prior to implementation Ensure continuous high product quality through code testing, bug fixing, and feature changes based on consumer feedback Qualifications 2 years of experience developing in Ruby, Ruby on Rails, and JavaScript B.S. / B.A. in Computer Science or equivalent experience Creative with excellent problem solving and analytical skills Passion for product quality and attention to details Experience in and enthusiasm for working with a team of software developers Able to and enjoy learning new concepts in a quick time frame and apply them professionally Our Stack: Ruby and Ruby on Rails jQuery & Sammy.js Git PostgreSQL Lots of bleeding edge tools and technologies: Redis, Node.js, Canvas To apply for this position please send a resume to brian@paperlesspost.com with a brief cover letter included in the body of the email. NYC, H1B, US Citizen or Resident iOS Applications Developer We are seeking an exceptional iOS applications developer to join our new mobile team. In this role you will work closely with our Product and Mobile team to help us shape, design, and build the mobile Paperless Post experience for our iOS customers. The ideal candidate is an excellent programmer, user-focused, and passionate about the mobile space and the mobile opportunities for Paperless Post. Requirements: 2 years of experience developing in Objective-C with the iOS SDK and/or for desktop Mac apps Excellent understanding of optimization and performance issues across iOS software layers Experience coding for multiple mobile platforms (Android, BlackBerry, Windows) is a plus Experience submitting and releasing iOS applications to the Apple App Store is a plus Creative with excellent problem solving and analytical skills Passion for product quality and attention to details Must be a team player and effective collaborator with excellent communication skills To Apply: Send your resume to brian@paperlesspost.com Good idea.. sorry about that. Besides the hyperbole of the title, this article is flawed in that products sold within the US must comply with US law. If a copyright holder hasn't given permission for usage of their copyright in a specific country or territory, than products bearing that copyright can't be sold within that country. Otherwise, copyright would offer no protection since I would simply have to set up a factory in Mexico and I could infringe all I wanted and then sell those products in the US with impunity. These are the same laws that prevent counterfeiting. If I own a copyright or a trademark for something I created, then how is it fair to me that my work be stolen? For example, if I record a great song and spend thousands of dollars in the studio, how is it fair that others can profit from that work without me getting compensated? Don't misunderstand, I'm not talking about fair use, I am talking about people receiving money (i.e. commercial gain) by stealing the labors of others. That's straight up theft. Exactly. Developers go where the money is. There really isn't much choice in the smartphone market, despite 20 flavors of Android. If your friends have iPhones, that's what you want. Android is popular among the muggles because it's cheaper. Very few people I've met buy Andeoid because it's better, they buy it because of price. The only Blackberry users I know use it only because of their companies. The average consumer doesn't care about 'morals' when they buy something -- if they did, no one would buy Chinese products, the only chicken sold in stores would be fre range and Wal Mart would have gone out of business a long time ago. People either want the cheapest or the best, not necessarily the 'rightest'. I love it when people compare stuff that's been shipping for almost a year to products that haven't shipped yet. By the time the ill-named Jelly Bean is actually shipping and in consumers' hands, Apple will be on to iOS 6. Vapor ware comparisons are so easy. The author's personal preference away from textured, simu-analog graphics is fair enough, but let's get down to what really counts: performance, security, quality. I would much rather debate those issues than silly things like simulated paper in iBooks. I haven't used ice-jelly-honey-creame-pie-sandwich or whatever it's called, but I'm also not writing about how awesome it is (or isn't.) Oh my gosh! A company wants to make money? This is horrible! We should black out Wikipedia to protest. Give me a break, 37signals doesn't owe anything to anyone. Don't like them, don't use them. What's the purpose of torrent again? Is that the thing people use to steal copyrighted works or are millions of people using it to exchange wedding videos? Torrents are the reason movies and music is so expensive relative to their actual production and distribution costs. My question is why they need to prove the dude was on the bridge? Didn't they arrest him there? Regardless, assuming privacy rights when using a public social network is a bit of a stretch. Even phone records are subject to release with a warrant. If one is worried about privacy, then don't tweet or Facebook your damned location. The Twitter TOS might be illuminating for this case. If Twitter guarantees privacy then the defendant might have a civil case against Twitter if records are released. Though they do have indemnification clauses.. I'm not too sympathetic to this dude's plight, a reasonable person would expect arrest for blocking the Brooklyn Bridge. How many people were financially harmed by this guy's actions? Protest is one thing, but when his expression of his rights interferes with my right to get to work and earn a living, then he has very little moral ground upon which to stand. The case before the New Zealand courts is ONLY if there is if there is cause for extradition. It's not the trial of his guilt or innocence on the charges. While I think he should have access to the files against him, those files will be disclosed if he faces trial in the US under discovery rules. However, the extradition case is more like a grand jury proceeding, deciding only if there is enough evidence to proceed, or in this case, extradite. Dotcom having access to all of the evidence against him has no influence on the decision to extradite. If there is a complaint about the extradition process itself, there's nothing he can do about it as those rules are established by the Extradition Treaty. If he were worried about extradition, it would have been smart to locate himself in a non-extraditing country, or better yet, not building a company that facilitated massive-scale piracy. I know that all of MegaUpload traffic wasn't criminal, but I also know that Dotcom certainly wasn't ignorant of what was being trafficked across his servers, in fact he profited from it immensely. But, this issue is one for the courts, and not just the ones in the US: his arrest was at the behest of Hong Kong, the Netherlands, the UK, the US, Germany and Canada. He has a long criminal history relating to trafficking credit card numbers, insider trading and embezzlement. It's entirely logical that his arrest was completely warranted given the evidence and his history. He isn't Kevin Mitnick, that's for sure. How is this news? Sammy has been around a while. At least we still have Al Gore to thank for inventing the internet. I personally use a desk called 'Bivi' http://myturnstone.com/settings/private-office-2/ As far as YC, perhaps someone else will know. I don't know one NYC startup with which I have any association that has a landline. In one company in particular, even HR uses their personal cell phones (reimbursed by the company, naturally.) I interviewed at a few places a while back where I didn't speak to anyone until the actual interview. I love it. When you call me, you're demanding me to drop everything and deal with your problem. To me, phone calls are exceptionally intrusive. Of course in a sales environment, intrusions are vital (that means someone wants to buy something, usually.) Still, I'm glad to see the death of the business landline. Now if we could only kill off the fax machine.. davemcluredoesntcareaboutfontsorcapitalizationorwhatyouthink. The downvoters obviously don't know Dave. Touché. You ought to look at his Keynotes. http://www.slideshare.net/dmc500hats/how-to-pitch-a-vc-aka-s... I know plenty of people that salt their passwords, that doesn't mean they have the talent to build a LinkedIn or even realize that the need existed. There's a lot to be said for vision and execution. Attention to every detail has nothing to do with talent. Every single programmer in the history of the world, talented or not makes mistakes, that doesn't reduce their talent. Talent isn't just about technical perfection. While LinkedIn didn't salt their passwords, how many other big-deal innovations did they execute and accomplish? I managed to build a game in BASIC when I was 10. ..and that's about it (other than BBSing and running up the phone bill.) In addition to the Hartl screencasts and book, I would recommend CodeSchool's Rails for Zombies 2 course. Pretty useful when combined with other resources. It's hard to be sympathetic when walking through Paharganj in Delhi and have hundreds of con artists just outright lying and trying to scam well meaning tourists. I won't go back to India because of it. It's one thing to pay a guy to take pictures of you at Taj, it's another to have someone be helpful then demand a tip for it. China has a billion people too, but life there is far less horrid, dirty and bureaucratic. While the Chinese government is pretty deplorable, something is going right there, compared to India. Another problem with India is the mind-numbing Colonial-era bureaucracy -- to start a small business in India it takes months of paperwork just to get a business license. You have to get papers signed, resigned, rubber stamped by ten different offices and then pay crazy expensive bribes to everyone along the way. The problem is the government. It's an obsession with administivia at the expense of entrepreneurs. He prefers companies like Dropbox where the customer is the customer yet he's skeptical of Soundcloud -- soundcloud content creators are the customer too-- they have paid plans. As long as serious users are paying and developers are using their API to make it easier for content creators to distribute their content, Soundcloud remains distinctly different from Twitter. I happen to think Soudcloud is fantastic, their freemium model allows for user growth, then those users can upgrade when their needs increase. Soundcloud is much closer to Dropbox than they are to Twitter; the author seems to be ignorant about Soundcloud's model despite him being so cool as to have had a conversation with the CEO. Comparing downtown Delhi with downtown Shanghai is no comparison. I've lived an traveled in the Chinese countryside and that poverty is not even in the same ballpark as India. I agree. When I post a resume to a job site, that doean't mean I want it posted in other places without my consent. It seems like a dick move to repost people's ads without their consent. If, technically te data belongs to the poster, than it's distinctly dickish to post that data in other venues without their permission. Perhaps someone only wants their add on the Scanton Craigslist and not on other sites. I posted a classified add on a site once selling some furniture (not CL but a hyper local site) and I started getting dozens I calls from buyers after I had removed the ad because some ass thought it was a 'service' to repost my ad, even though the stuff sold via the original site within a day. I don't doubt Padmapper can be useful, but if it is genuinely better, then one shouldn't have to steal CL data to make it work. Build your own damned business. It's not public information. The listing data belongs to the original poster who entered into a contractual relationship with CL -- not with PadMapper. If anything the ads are covered by copyright, held by the person who wrote the specific ad. If the service is so great, then start calling the ad posters and offer them the chance to post on PadMapper. Otherwise, it's theft. We can moralize all we want but reproducing someone's ad without their permission is a violation of the poster's rights, even if some of us feel that it's in their best interest. The choice should belong to the person posting the ad. HR uses it. Insurance companies are still stuck on faxes. >then the original poster can have a beef with Padmapper, and Craigslist has no claim. So what you're saying is that, "The original poster can sue PadMapper, but at least CL isn't going to be a plaintiff." Unfortunately, you don't know what you're talking about: From the CL TOU: "You also expressly grant and assign to CL all rights and causes of action to prohibit and enforce against any unauthorized copying, performance, display, distribution, use or exploitation of, or creation of derivative works from, any content that you post (including but not limited to any unauthorized downloading, extraction, harvesting, collection or aggregation of content that you post)." That clause just made CL the agent for the original poster and it expressly grants CL the right to prohibit unauthorized use. RTFM. This whole situation is excessively asshole-ish. It seems like PadMapper is hell-bent on scraping CL data by any means (or rationalization) necessary. We can debate about CL running their business the way they do, but this argument is starting to look like some pseudo-intellectual freshman philosophy conversation. It's almost like debating Lyndon LaRouche supporters. What PadMapper really needs to do is consult a lawyer and figure out how to work within the law rather than trying to be cute about skirting the CL TOU. Any investor would run far away from a company that seems so determined to do something without any professional legal advice instead replying upon some sophomoric interpretation of a contract and the law. This comment: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4160061 outlines a strategy that could work that doesn't involve playing games and skirting Craigslist. It's also a way to actually build a business based on something besides just stealing other people's data. Of course it requires real work and doesn't appeal to someone that thinks code is the answer to every question. Data posted to craigslist is subject to the CL Terms of Use. If the data comes from CL, it can't be used without CL's permission. There's no gray area. if data.from_craigslist? cant_use else use We can moralize and cry all we want, but their Terms of Use are pretty damned clear and the law is pretty damned clear as well. Returning to the Google example, it's irrelevant, "Google does it" is not a legal defense or even a moral defense, depending on ones opinion of Google.. Rails can't scale ...blah, blah, blah. That's repeating 2008 rehash bullshit. Build something that enough people are using then he can't bitch about a problem he'll probably never have. Besides, with proper SOA, scaling problems are on par with other languages. It tires me to no end when people (as in the original poster) makes claims they know nothing about. The OP must have read a bunch of blog posts and suddenly he's an expert. The Comprehensive Forfeiture Act of 1984 allows it and US v. Monsanto upheld it. Since this is being prosecuted under RICO, it's lawful and Constitutional. Let's not forget that the US is only one of at least five countries involved in this case. No one has accused or has evidence that Larry Page has done anything illegal. But if there was evidence that page is violating RICO, then try can take his stuff until trial as well. As far as innocent until proven guilty, that actually isn't in the Constitution, it's based in English Common Law -- Dotcom's right aren't being violated as he is getting due process. Of course, te current situation of extradition requires a much lower standard of proof, the standard here is whether or not there is evidence that warrants a trial; effectively like a grand jury deliberation. You really want a source for the fact that his site was a piracy haven? Are you that naïve? The man has a history of criminality, including embezzlement plus the people that are defending him are the same people who complain about Hollywood and the RIAA. If he wasn't facilitating global piracy then Hollywood and the RiAA are irrelevant in any arguments about this case. If he's innocent, he'll have his day in court. Why would new Zealand even bother? What's in it for them? You can blame Joe Biden and Chris Dodd. We all know who Hollywood gives the majority of their money to, and the people that receive it do their bidding. Hollywood isn't the problem any more than Google or Facebook's lobbies are the problem. Follow the money and vote the opposite. Their contributions aren't secret. We the people have access to the contribution records, yet people continue to vote for the people getting the money. Dotcom's people are the ones doing the delaying. The FBI along with the Dutch, the British, the Germans and the Canadians. Let's not make this into an entirely US thing. I wonder why the most common HN post on this topic comes from torrentfreak -- certainly they're objective in this case. If the post office is aware that you are mailing drugs, then yes, they are liable. Exactly why I fear government managed healthcare. Is Hacker News Craigslisting? Def Craigslisting: adhering to what has been working despite the howls of people that 'know better' The difference is that ASE techs don't have to pay to certify each car they fix. Verisign is a massive scam. Their SSL certs, for example are several hundred dollars. They get away with it because the big corporate-types have "heard" of verisign and "heard" they need security. This article is just as reactionary as those who pooh-poohed the iPhone. Of course most websites aren't retinized yet. But they will be. The big, under the radar advantage of the retina macs will be in medical imaging (along with more obvious areas such as product design, simulations and photography.) the writer of this article just doesn't get it. About damned time they did something. Still ugly and looks like a sitebuilder template, but at least they've made it to 2006 at last. Samsung DID straight up copy Apple. Apple isn't going after other manufacturers, just this specific one for these specific devices. Here's a little side-by-side comparison of what Samsung did: http://atomicsupersky.com/post/26275796849/on-the-samsung-ga... This all could have been avoided if Samsung didn't blatantly copy Apple. I mean, they even copied the same color for the phone icon. If you go into Photoshop and compare the two greens, they are identical. You don't accidentally do that. Samsung had the intent to copy. It isn't even about the under-the-hood aspects (which can be another discussion,) this is about the clear and obvious ripoff of Apple design. Samsung did this to themselves. The point of this injunction is that consumers could be confused. After all, even Samsung's own lawyers couldn't distinguish the Galaxy from the iPad at a distance of 10 feet. They aren't going after Android (in this case.) This is about Samsung. I agree. I bet that dress got more page views across the net than the combined lifetime page views of anything regarding Linux distros. I'd say the dress was notable even though I personally couldn't care less about it. This is just straight up retarded. The idea that musicians can support themselves with just live shows is ridiculous. Many artists, especially in the dance music world rarely go on tour or play live. Other artists contribute to albums, for example Brian Eno with U2, who rarely, if ever gets on stage.. Not to mention countless sound designers, engineers and other technical experts who have no involvement with an artist's live shows. Assuming with the author's proposed 'solution' these support people start getting a cut, then that's going to drive already expensive tickets even higher. Author's making money off of book tours? Really? Stephen King rarely leaves the house, for example. So now we have to turn writers into performance artists? Why not make every app and piece of software free as well? If that were the case, half of us would be out of jobs and many won't get into the software business to begin with. This whole thing around free is getting absurd and it's being driven by people who have no problem spending $6 on PBR at a Williamsburg bar, yet scream about paying 99 cents for a song that they listen to every day. Less piracy equals lower costs. Why not ask graphic designers to work for free? After all, they're creating a digital object with a very tiny per pixel cost and it can be reproduced at almost no cost. I guess graphic designers can go on tour and do sidewalk drawings in chalk or donations to pay the bills. But hey, they'd be famous right? Being famous doesn't pay the electricity. People paying for your stuff does. MySpace anyone? That analyst can go suck an egg. The majority of startups these days use some form of Agile. As far as 'developer backlash' -- you're damned right: backlash against 500 page spec docs that are, for the most part worthless the second the software is released. Anyone can get that rate if they're doing adjustable rate mortgages. But ARMs are what contributed to the housing crisis -- they're not a smart loan if one is dependent on a paycheck. *by anyone I mean those with qualifying credit.. Remember Microsoft has major contracts and relationships with the Chinese and Korean government, among others. This stuff is the dark underside of a Microsoft aquisition. Of course, they have relationships with the US govt as well, but Americans are obstensibly protected by the Constitution -- those protections (as well as due process) don't French exist in many countries with whom Microsoft does business. Entrepreneurship is far more difficult in much of Europe. It's much more difficult to set up a corporation, access capital, especially speculative capital (i.e. VC money) as well as some fairly strict taxation and regulatory schemes. This article: http://buswk.co/Hltv5F explains a few if those factors. Does Wikileaks do any evaluation of the danger of releasing specific classified information? For example, the leak (by the Obama Administration, not by Wikileaks) of the name of the Pakistani doctor that provided the key information for the Osama Bin Laden raid was arrested, tortured and imprisoned for 30 years because of a leak. I don't understand the value of the entire world being able to read secret diplomatic and intelligence communications between nations. If we disagree with a specific national policy or ideology, then we should be donating instead to political candidates that support our worldview rather than short circuiting a process that has led to deaths and substantial disruption. For example, as a direct result of Wikileaks, Iranian Majid Jamali Fashi was executed by Tehran for his role in disrupting the Iranian nuclear program. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/iran-han... The same people supporting Wikileaks are ostensibly against US/British/French/Israeli nuclear armament or anti-terrorism efforts, yet sabotage efforts to prevent these weapons from reaching the hands of rogue actors. It seems like the Wikileaks crowd is often the same crowd that blocks the Brooklyn Bridge for their own vanity, yet ignores the unintended consequences of their actions (for example, a worker being hours late for his job.) The 1% would just use their helicopters. The real power isn't affected by childish acts, despite the childish miscreants hoping otherwise. It isn't much different than a spoiled child throwing a tantrum. Perhaps not surprisingly, the same crowd complains about copyrights and have no problem with illegal downloads. Rather than working to change the system legitimately (or through the courts,) they instead ignore the law simply because they don't like it. I don't like paying $1800 per month in taxes so my neighbors living rent free in Section 8 housing can stay up until 3am having parties while I'm trying to sleep for work the next day. But I'm not firebombing the IRS because of it -- I simply vote for the candidates who most support my views. Firebombing gets headlines, but it doesn't catalyze change. Voting does, contributing to political campaigns does, volunteering to knock on doors does. It just seems incredibly selfish that some people feel like they have a right to every piece of information or have a right to steal any content they want without any regard for the consequences or the effects of this "freedom" on the people that produce the information. You right to information shouldn't override a person's right to not get killed because of it. It seems like the people most passionate about Wikileaks are people that have little experience with the nature of classified information and the consequences of releasing sources and methods to the general public. Perhaps if more people spent time in public service rather than public criticism, we could really improve the governments of our respective countries. When was the last time anyone here on HN ran for a local school board election or even went to a city council meeting? When was the last time anyone here wrote and mailed their congressman an actual letter? How many people here have applied to work in the Foreign Service, the military or even the Peace Corps? I know for a fact that CIA, NSA and FBI would be salivating over the qualifications of many of you here, yet many of you would never even consider those careers because of a jaded anger or indifference towards the government, yet, the government is us. If we don't step up, things will never change. You can't achieve justice from the outside looking in. You can vandalize, steal or threaten your way to a better world. I do agree, however, that there is a large amount of information that is classified for reasons other than protecting sources or methods, but is instead classified for political purposes. For example, the Fast and Furious documents are being protected under "Executive Privilege" for the sole reason of protecting politicians from the scrutiny of voters. The 1979 House Select Committee on Assassinations files, for example, are classified not because of national security concerns, but political ones; the same goes for many 1960s-era East-Germany operations, as well Vietnam-War era documents. However, we should be pressuring politicians to evaluate the rules of classification or appoint an independent FOIA commission to evaluate document requests objectively instead of through the current lens of political expediency. I expect to get down voted into oblivion, but hopefully, someone will get it. Yes.. As little as possible. Read the Lean Startup for some examples of MVPs without even writing code.. As far as ballpark examples of cost, the standard can be expressed by this formula: Target Cost = how much you think you need/2; the corollary being Actual Cost = budget*4 Is registering to vote that damned hard? I can see the intense possibility of voter registration fraud. And, now Zuckerberg and Co will have access to voter registration information? Bad Idea. I don't understand how anyone can root for Samsung given Korean chaebol's long history of blatantly ripping off everything. Any research into the history of Samsung, Daewoo, LG will reveal a long line if copied products. Of course most if these products were only sold within Korea specifically because they knew what try we're doing would never pass muster on the international stage. Samsung is a dirty company. Do a little research before just blindly assuming Apple did something wrong. Looking at the side-by-side images here: http://atomicsupersky.com/post/26275796849/on-the-samsung-ga... should erase any doubt that Samsung blatantly ripped off Apple. Why would anyone pay someone for the right to only release on their platform? That seems backwards. The other bit of nonsense is $40,000 -- really? That's crazy talk. Apple does some boneheaded things but at least you don't have to pay them for updating and releasing, aside from the nominal yearly $99 fee for the dev program. I admit, I don't fully get it. Perhaps someone here can clarify the situation. The better code results if far fewer headaches down the line. Having had to refactor entire apps that have been broken because of incrementally added crap, I vote for good longer code over sloppy shorter code. Of course, this is highly dependent on the situation and application of course. Which is why Samsung was so stupid to have copied anything. They didn't need to. Dear god. Microsoft ought just chill. Anyone offended by a Hex string needs iCouch.me. It would be different if it were some Nazi slogan or some Al Sharpton quote. Either way, it's in Hex. Consider it a funny Easter egg. Let the nerds have some fun! After all, for some MS engineers, that's a close to big boobies as they'll ever get. Tim Pope's article on commit messages is the gold standard. http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messa... Phonegap is nothing more than a stopgap for people that can't afford iOS devs. I can think of no benefits for the end user. It's a sloppy solution. Better off just doing a mobile web app instead. Once I moved to NYC, I jumped on the Tumblr bandwagon and haven't looked back. My Posterous is gathering dust these days. Especially with the Tumblr iOS app -- it's beautiful and effective. Open Office killed Open Office. Exactly! When the torrentfreak folks start bitching about Kim Dotcom's problems, I think about that very point. How can anyone expect to be paid for their labor in creating something while at the same time arguing for wholesale software/music/movie theft under the shoddy justification that the marginal cost of digital content is nearly zero. Regardless, the victim has a Constitutionally protected right to speech. The purpose of gag orders is to protect the 6th Amendment rights of defendants. However, if those defendants are already convicted (which, in this case they are,) and an appeal is unlikely (they pled guilty) then the 6th Amendment purpose of the order is nullified. As a result, a post-trial gag order is going to be exceptionally hard to justify because of 1st Amendment grounds. Nebraska Press v. Stuart (1976) overturned a judge's gag order against the press. The entire point of a gag order or "protective order" is to protect the 6th Amendment rights of the defendant. The Supreme Court and Appeals Courts are clear in this regard. The point is, this girl should take this case to Federal Appeals Court -- she'd win because the judge has no Constitutional leg to stand on, especially since this is post trial/conviction. She should have a right to speak about her experiences wherever and to whomever she pleases. Her right to speak cannot be infringed if there is no underlying Constitutional conflict (i.e. right to a fair trial, etc.) This gag order in question has no Constitutional basis. The idea of a gag order is to protect the 6th Amendment rights of defendants. The defendants pled guilty, therefor they're "Fair trial" rights are no longer subject to being violated. The girl has first amendment rights. There's plenty of case law on this issue -- it's just surprising to me that judges, especially in the lower, local courts seem to think that precedent doesn't apply to them. It's almost ridiculous how some people get so indignant about CIA; I can almost feel their spittle as they shout at their computer screens. At the same time, people get equally outraged when terrorists kill people and then want to blame CIA for their failings. It's a bad world. I am not sympathetic to the plight of those who associate with terrorists (even if they themselves haven't committed a terrorist act) and find themselves it Gitmo or dead. Are mistakes made? Of course, CIA has a long history of public f'ups, however their degree of success is noteworthy, though often unheralded. Bin Laden was found because of CIA, the Iranian and North K nuke programs have been slowed and countless people AREN'T dead because of CIA. The Berlin Wall and the collapse of the Soviet Bloc was hastened due to CIA and Reagan forcing the issue by spending the Soviets into insolvency because of the arms race. Kennedy, Johnson and Clinton were avid weilders of covert action -- it's not a political party issue. On the British side, MI6 is right there with CIA. The old Deuxiéme Bureau as well as German Intelligence is highly active in the black operations side of geopolitical affairs. This isn't peculiar to America, though in America, we have a (mostly) free press and a scandal-hungry populace that tends to sensationalize missteps or failures. Let's not through the baby out with the bathwater. I'm far more worried about getting blown up on the PATH train than ending up in CIA (or their proxy's) crosshairs. Right. Can you imagine a film with the quality of Toy Story being produced just for fun? Not a chance. ThAt film took thousands of man-years to make. The whole open source everything movement is just communist nonsense that typically comes from people who have never had to make a payroll. Rails for example was the open source result of a profit-creating piece of software: Basecamp. The profits enabled the open source not the other way around. When I can feed my family, I'll contribute to open source, but who pays open source developers? Usually they're being subsidized by closed source work. For example, in my current day job, I'm building software for a startup. That pays the bills so I can afford to dabble in open source for fun. The idea if give everything away is just silly. Who is going to pay for the computer you're usin to develop on? Who pays the electric bills? Certainly not te little open source fairy godmother. So what's the market demand for a curly hair social network? They didn't provide evidence, but the common sense test would suggest that this is a dumb idea. A lmost as worthless as a network for left handed people. I've never thought how cool it would be to have a social network for blue eyed guys with thinning hair. Some ideas are just ridiculous -- no evidence needed -- just experience and common sense. When the curly hair network goes IPO, then I'll eat my hat. How am I being racist? The idea of a black social network isn't 'bad', it's the fact that they're selling it as a network for a specific hair type. If their premise is code for 'a black woman's network' then they should explicitly say it. I'd invest in that, but not a curly hair network. Projecting some idea that I'm being racist in my analysis is ridiculous. They aren't getting 2 million uniques based on a hair style, there's obviously more to the business than hair. Still, the business as it's presented is destined to fail unless they have a broader-based pivot in the works. Right. Which is why I doubt the business model of a social network. Perhaps a group buying thing or an Amazon (or etsy) for curly hair products might work. But a social network? That's a stretch. 2 million uniques doesn't mean much if you're talking about a sustainable business model. Uniques do not equal revenue. There are wastelands of social networks that had many more users than 2 million. Also, how was that 2 million verified? 2 million uniques would generally warrant a higher fundraise, the investors are likely betting on a potential business rather than an actual. What's the bounce rate? What's the time on site? What's the demographic profile of the user -- those important questions matter more than a vanity metric of 2 million uniques. Are people engaged with the site? What's the growth rate? 2 million from what? What's the engagement profile? There are a lot of questions that would need answering before assuming that this network is a 'good' idea. Race has nothing to do with it. I'd invest in anything that could turn a profit. Investing only because it addresses a particular racial group without quantifiable metrics -- now THAT'S racist. Twitter and MySpace aren't niche products. What's a niche social product that hit it big. Github is one of the few examples I can think of, but there's an enterprise component that made that product successful. Also content-based businesses tend to have a very rough time because you're only as good as the content you can support. Except WebMD has a massive, broad based appeal and thousands of pages of content. The amount of content to support a curly network can only be so much. Even sports social networks fall short and there are games constantly. Ultra niche products can be profitable, but certainly not at the numbers to warrant VC interest. I am not knocking the site, I am just questioning it as an investment. My company iCouch, addresses a $20 billion dollar market growing by 20% -- but that doesn't mean that market creates profitability for companies in the space. Cheese is also a multi billion dollar market, but a Cheese social network doesn't necessarily make money. The market size isn't determined by the market size of the particular niche. The question is what's the market size for people that want to share articles about curly hair. People buy hair products, but it doesn't mean they want to join a network to hang out with other people buying those products. The "XYZ" market is X $billion per year doesn't mean anything to investors, the question is what's the addressable market for your particular product. There is a very big difference. Jail broken? What for? You can run any app you want.. Just not accidentally. There's no sandbox on the OS. RTFM. iCloud should be limited the MAS apps-- I don't want some rogue app being able to access my iCloud data. But what's the real market size for window utilities? Not something your average user buys. I use size up and cinch, but I'm a developer. My dad doesn't care about fairly obscure system utilities. Besides, it isn't like those tools can't be used on ML-- just not through the MAS. MAS is a shopping mail, not a specialty shop. I don't by rock climbin gear from Target, but I'll gladly by an espresso machine from Target. Yelp reviews are a big point of anger from many business owners and there's some valid security risks. However a name based policy is rather dumb. And still, the same shitty UI on the Mac. The problem is when google starts to target advertising based on your entire online life. For example, currently, google can't really see what you're unloading to dropbox or iCloud or emails you receive (outside of Gmail.) But if they're the ISP, they can start to target advertising based on the documents you upload or files you upload. The information they could collect would be mind-blowing. And you just know that part of their TOS will be "we can do whatever we want with your information." I don't know if I want one company effectively owning the internet history of every user. If google is able to undercut other providers and they become the only high-quality game in town, then most users will have little choice but to submit to the google beast. Internet connectivity should be considered a public utility. It shouldn't be subject to intrusive monitoring by the provider. Just like the phone company can't send you targeted adds based on the phone numbers you call, Google shouldn't be able to target ads based on your online activity (when outside the normal google product channels). Gmail isn't a public utility, an ISP is. Can you imagine: "Based on the fact that you uploaded photos of a baby's birthday party, we'd like to show you ads for baby toys." That's like the phone company interrupting your phone call to Paris to advertise airline tickets. Chinese ISPs already have highly intrusive advertising.. ads that effectively take over your browser regardless of what site you're visiting. The only thing worse than a Google ISP would be a Facebook one. > I would also be a bit happier with a real, innovative, public broadband program. I don't think the US has the political culture to pull that off. The political culture is one that caters to specific groups. If it was "broadband for farmers" then you'd get the farm lobby pushing for it. If it was "broadband for the poor" then you'd get the food stamp crowd on board. If it was "broadband for investment banks" then you might get the bank crowd on board. The fact that most infrastructure doesn't get broad-based political support is a symptom of "what's in it for me." It why it's so difficult to solve problems like Air Traffic Control systems being from the 1970s -- most people think, "I only fly once in a while, so why should I give up in order to pay for upgrading the ATC system?" Sure, many people use the internet, but the average user doesn't think about how much better things could be. I get it -- broadband would benefit everyone either directly or indirectly, but it's hard to sell those benefits to the general electorate because money for broadband would mean less money for some other, more politically "interesting" project. I don't think anyone in America (Republican, Democrat, Independent) wants terrible infrastructure. The political hot potato is deciding how to pay for it. Regardless of tax or spending philosophies, it necessarily follows that spending on X takes money from Y. With money we spent for 1 year in Iraq, we could have paid for national broadband (among other things), however we also spend $80 billion per year on food stamps. Both of those priorities however, have some unexpected consequences. The defense contractors make money, but it also creates jobs and stimulates economic output (see WWII). Food stamps also create taxable events and drives economic activity, though both activities, when viewed in purely economic terms are net losses for the economy, the degree of which is outside of the scope of this discussion. Public broadband on the other hand would be a net gain for the economy because increased infrastructure efficiency greases the wheels of the entire economy. Better roads = lower trucking costs and more consumption and therefore more spending and jobs. However, it's hard to quantify those theoretical benefits to the electorate. Same goes for public broadband. There are some tasks ideally suited for government and utilities, infrastructure, police/fire, defense are certainly among them. Public broadband is more relevant to governmental roles than subsidizing private business (i.e. GM, Fiskar, Solyndra, Bank of America, etc.) Our infrastructure should be "too big to fail," but alas.. /rant truncated > the UN even declared that the internet is a fundamental basic human right The UN should stick to prancing around in blue helmets handing out food while ignoring genocide in Tibet. I wonder if Bezos will stop selling Chick Fil'A stuff. http://www.amazon.com/Pez-Chick-Fil-A-Cow-Sealed/dp/B003RMEB... Here's the short answer: government stay out of my life. Keep us from getting blown up, make sure we can get from one place to another and help keep my stuff from getting stolen. I'll take care of the rest. If people (Gay or Straight) want to have a corporate merger and agree to co-mingle assets, then they should have that right. If they want to join a church that bestows upon them the title of "married" then they should have that right, provided they meet the church's definition or requirements to achieve "marriage." If they don't agree with the church, they can start their own or just not have a church. The government should not be the arbiter of religious beliefs except in cases when religious beliefs directly compromise another's rights (i.e. honor killings.) “Down the road, social engagement may dictate how consumers spend,” Mr. Hilwa said. I doubt it. Social is pretty overrated. While sharing is still important to many people, it seems that great software and the ability to access quality content is far more important than what my casual aquaintences are up to. Anecdotally, my 'friends' seem to be less social online and less willing to share every little life detail despite the increases ease of doing so. The analysts are wrong. It's like saying the Mac needs to be more social to be successful in the future. Besides, how much more social Cana smartphone get? It's a phone and a pocket computer already. Besides, Apple is primarily a hardware company and secondarily a content agency. Their revenues don't depend on advertising, which is really the only business model social currently has. The last thing Apple wants to do is be an advertising company. Still, I am happy with Apple getting friendly with Twitter. I find Twitter to be much less obnoxious than Facebook. API and infrastructure debacles aside, Twitter seems a lot less arrogant and threatening than Zuck and Co. Twitter, for example doesn't suddenly make your direct messages public or change privacy settings in onerous and unexpected ways. I wish Apple would have bought Skype instead of Microsoft, then Mac users wouldn't have to still contend with Skype's shit UI. Can you disclose me some Twitter stickers? This user's voice is saying, "stickers please!" In all seriousness, respecting the user is paramount. Facebook tends to respect themselves often at the expense of the user which is counterproductive: an engaged and trusting user base will lead to higher revenues. Apple book suicide? Most books sold aren't self-published. This won't even dent iBooks at all. I prefer the iBookstore for a few reasons, but one is that the comments on Amazon are often filled with ranting nonsense. You can't visit a bestseller's page on Amazon without seeing tons of comments about the price of the book and how angry they are about it, while on iBooks, the comments seem to be more reasoned. I don't know if iBooks readers are just more chilled out or it the requirement that you actually have purchased the book filters out nonsensical comments. I'm failing to see the big picture here. One author who provides detailed links to a competitor's site gets rejected for a book about self-publishing. It isn't like Apple is rejecting political books with which they disagree or preventing users from reading specific content on their devices. Their store just chose not to sell an item. Supermarkets aren't obligated to stock every possible variety of orange juice, nor should Apple be held to any higher of a standard. Apple doesn't have an obligation to sell anything and everything. It's their store. They choosing to not sell something isn't "bad" -- users of Apple devices can still read whatever they want. Acting indignant like Apple has some mandate to sell anything that anyone wants is ridiculous. If you were Coca-Cola, would you let people sell Pepsi from your machines? Of course not. Is Coke bad for choosing not to sell Pepsi? Want Pepsi? Go to a Pepsi machine. The terms of submission for the iBooks store are pretty obvious. Having that lady's book rejected shouldn't have come as a surprise. A simple RTFM would have told her exactly what would have happened when she links to competitor's stores. You want to play ball in Apple's park, you have to follow the rules. Disagree with the rules if you want, but don't complain when you don't follow those rules and are asked to leave. Every few months we seem to go through this Cycle of Indignity. Usually it's because of some App Store rejection. We all piss and moan about it, but for the most part, the App Store has remained a high quality experience (and a profitable one for devs) even though occasionally someone gets offended about something or another. Put the pitchforks away -- this isn't that big of a deal. Thousands of writers sell through the iBookstore without any problems. This lady's story is an outlier in an otherwise pleasant place. Her real problem is a lack of a decent web developer. For more fun, let's look at the adoption numbers of Jelly Belly or whatever the Android crowd calls it these days. Let's not even open the can of worms that is Windows adoption rates. Perhaps she should have invested in Time Machine backups? Non-US iPhone users aren't subsidizing anything. While the carriers in the US do subsidize phones, carriers don't just absorb that cost, it gets passed along to the end user. These arguments are kind of similar to those presented by people wanting higher corporate taxes without realizing that those costs are ultimately paid by the consumer. Don't 5 gallon buckets kill more people than magnets? And there are some that actually know what they're talking about in terms if intelligence agencies but choose not to indulge in idle conspiracy hypothesizing. The real operations aren't something that the people with actual knowledge would ever discuss. Those that do claim conspiracies are often ill informed or just have read too many spy novels. Even more impressive is that 3 million downloads represents users upgrading, not OEM purchases. The reason Outlook is the world's most used mail client is because people are often forced to use it to access their company email. While anecdotal, I don't know a single person that uses outlook because they choose to. However, hopefully, outlook.com can introduce some innovation in the space, although, I'm skeptical as I am with most Microsoft 'innovation.' I wonder if the NBC exec filed the complaint personally. After all, if it was his, 'private' information and email address, then what standing does the NBC intern have who filled the complaint have? Just a concerned citizen? Oh, but it wasn't a private email was it? I'm confused. A person tweets the corporate contact email of an executive and that's not ok? But Spike Lee tweets the personal address of someone he thought was Zimmerman's with the presumption that someone would act on that information and that's ok? Spike Lee potentially endangered a life (the people at address received death threats).. What's the worst that could have happened to an NBC exec-- he gets a strongly worded letter? Twitter should always come out in the side of presuming free speech unless that speech violates the law. Tweeting someone's email address does not meet that standard. And, the fun part is that NBC is a public company. Shareholders technically have a right to information regarding the executive team in the context of their role at the company. C'mon Twitter, don't be evil. Profit = Selling Price - Cost of Goods Sold. Cost of Goods Sold = original price of goods + marketing costs + labor cost + facilities costs. This isn't the precise formula, but it's close enough. It's still a good ROI, but it's definitely not scalable as this was a liquidation. You also have to calculate the tax rate on the sales as well. If you're grossing $10,000 and you spent $2000 on records, 8 hours of labor (paying yourself $15 per hour) + the cost of the facilities (let's say $100 for the day) and $150 on marketing. You'll still pay sales tax on the full $10,000. Let's say your sales tax rate is 8%, that means $800 in sales taxes. So now, you're at $9200, so now we can subtract your costs, which, according to my hypothetical approximations total $2370. If you want to exclude your labor cost, you can do that, but it'll still be taxes one way or another, depending on how you claim it. So your profit is $9200-$2370 which is $6830. For a short term capital gain (which is what this is,) the rate is approximately 25% for Federal, however you also have state capital gains taxes (it's either taxed as ordinary income or as a capital gain,) which will be about 7% (depending on the state), but that 7% is taken off the total gain of $6830. (25% + 7%) of $6830 = $4645. From the $15 per hour you get paid from your wages, you'll then get to pay social security, self-employment and medicare taxes on top of the federal income taxes. You can avoid this by not paying the salary, but you can't work for free in the eyes of the IRS.. you'll either pay the tax on the wages, or the total gets added to the profit and taxed as a capital gain. Of course, you'll get a slight home "office" deduction for using your backyard as a facility, of course that gets offset by the facilities fee you've earned (and will be taxes on.) It's cheaper though, to charge yourself the facilities fee because that comes off the capital gain, which lowers the taxes on the gain, while only nominally increasing your personal tax (due to deductions.) Let's just round the total profit at $4600. So, $150 in Facebook ads to earn $4600.. still a pretty nice ROI, but it certainly isn't $10,000. We all know the seller isn't going to go to this extreme in either paying or reporting this income to all the jurisdictions involved, but when calculating ROI or other things upon which a business is based, it's a little disingenuous to claim "making" $10,000 when in fact, that number is far less. But I get it, $10,000 makes for a nice headline. Those records were an asset. He paid $2000 or so for the records and they had a demonstrable market value of $10,000 (he sold them.) The liquidity could be questioned, but it wasn't a liability. Which is terrible. That's like everyone expecting their food to be bland and overcooked. It's almost Soviet in its depressingness. I use my old mac.com and new me.com emails and it works beautifully. The iCloud mail interface as well as everything else about the experience is just great. Very, very little spam, lightning fast, no ads, integration with my iCal and therefore easily accessed from all of my devices. Gmail is good, but I find it's overrated. The polygraph isn't about lie detection. If you can't beat an NSA poly, they wouldn't want you. The poly isn't about finding 'truth' inasmuch as it's about your abilities to pass it. I can't speak to the NSA specifically, but in other agencies, the poly is a screening tool. Even if you're lying but can beat the poly, then you have proven that you can maintain while under extreme pressure. Intel agency polys are seriously stressful. Often 3 days long, sometimes administered in a generic northern Virginia chain hotel room with constant badgering. The goal is to maintain physiological control under mental duress. Polys are worthless as lie detectors, but they are a good test of mental toughness (or sociopathic skills.) the easy part is just to tell the truth. Unless there's something in your immediate past that's a disqualifier, usually within the previous 12 months, then there's nothing to fear. If you're easily rattled, even if telling the truth, the poly weeds that out. That's exactly correct. I'll been through the Single Scope process and it was brutal. Remembering what I had for breakfast yesterday is hard enough let alone remembering a coworker from 10 years ago. My clearance took over a year, of course I lived in various East Asian countries for 6 of the past 10 years, so it made it far more interesting. Discovery of a "Potential to coercion" is the main objective of a poly. If it's all on the table, there'd not much that can be used against you. It's not anti-competitive any more than a book publisher not allowing you to serialize your novel in some other company's publication. No one is forcing anyone to use Craigslist. You are free not to post and free to not agree to those terms. Why should a publisher (which is what CL is) grant non exclusive rights? It's a business. If you don't like the terms, you aren't forced to sign the contract. You can always post a newspaper ad, or start your own site. Just because CL has the user base doesn't mean that they are preventing competitors from entering the market any more than Stephen King's publisher is stopping other writers from writing and publishing novels. Stephen King is well known and sells lots of books, but that's not a monopoly, it's a competitive advantage. Should all companies be forced to give up their competitive advantage to make it easier for competition? Of course not. Competitors need to create their own advantage. It's like suggesting that FB has a monopoly on social simply because they have the most users. You can start your own. Facebook (and CL) aren't preventing users from visiting your site, nor are they preventing sellers from writing a different post for a different site. They're claiming rights to the specific ad posting. It's exactly like the publishing industry. This anger seems to stem directly from Padmapper blatantly stealing CL data and acting as if it was perfectly fine. I'm no fan of CL, but they have the right to do whatever they want with their data, just as users have the right to not use CL. Don't like the terms, don't do business with them. The Padmapper guys could take on CL and likely succeed I they had any clue about business development. Instead they spend their time trying to game CL instead of building their own business. If they started hyper locally and focused on a small area or neighborhood, they could easily dominate in that neighborhood with just the cost of some kinkos flyers (assuming they have a great product.) they need only contact landlords in their area, offer to post their ads for free and then flyer the neighborhood advertising 'Park Slope Apartments for Rent' or whatever neighborhood they choose. They'll start to build users. Then they add another neighborhood until eventually they reach critical mass in a specific city. CL took years to get where they were. It takes hard work and getting out from behind the computer screen from time to time. In the rental listings market, the code and UX is easy, the hard work is getting out there and building the business. I din't get why CL has any obligation to help a competitor short circuit CL's 10+ years of hard work. Do some hard work yourself -- CL is beatable. Look at MySpace: millions of engaged users suffering through a horrid UX, yet they fell to some geographically marketed site called Facebook. You want to build a better CL -- learn from Zuck and Co how they beat MySpace. It's a hell of a lot more than just code. When a user posts, they are representing that the content is theirs. If the real owner of the content posts somewhere else, that CL would have a claim against the fraudulent poster, not the actual creator. Either way, these contracts do hold up in court. They are letting the market decide.. They just aren't letting people use their content. Craig is a bit of a nut, but it is a business. People are free to use other sites an post ads on other sites. CL isn't stopping them. Even the smallest indie record label would sue if another record company released an album with that label's songs. They may be in it 'for the music' but they aren't going to cut off their own foot or let people shoplift the product, even if the recording quality is bad and the packaging ugly. Does the chick down the street selling her old couch really care about exclusive rights or not? Not anymore than I care about the lubricant used on the subway wheels. I just want to get there cheaply and quickly and that chick just wants to sell her couch. The HN community is a very tiny subset of the population and our views often have little corespondence to those of muggles. Without Craigslist people everywhere would have difficulty finding massage 'practitioners' and old couches. The horror! There's a big difference between a tv ad and a classified ad. The content of CL IS ads. The content of a TV station, ie the competitive differentiator, is based on the quality of its shows, not the ads. If you made a TV show, a network wouldn't allow you to broadcast it on other networks. Still, CL isn't a public good. Don't like them, turn the channel. Right. Because China and France would never do that. One of the primary purposes of French Intelligence is industrial espionage. Before you make ignorant statements about the NSA how about getting some facts? Also, if those 'human beings' are trying to blow up Americans, then I don't care about their rights. I have a right for my kid to not get killed while traveling on the subway. I have a right to not have bombs blowing up while out at a nightclub. Is the NSA perfect? Of course not, but it's a dangerous imperfect world. When people stop blowing shit up in the name of their deity, then I'll gladly revise my opinion of the relevance for the NSA. Where's your outrage over Syrian and Iranian Intelligence and their tactics? How about North Korean intelligence and their wholesale kidnapping of hundreds of Japanese citizens? How about the Chinese and their operations in the US? It's a popular sport to pick on the US from the safety of an armchair, but it's quite another to address the reasons the NSA and CIA do what they do. I'm not defending all of the actions of those agencies, but I will certainly defend their mission and goals. The fact that you can even safely criticize the NSA and feel secure that you won't be arrested is a testament to the freedoms the NSA helps preserve. Spend ten minutes in China and start posting messages about their MSS and see how long your comment stays up (and how long before you get a visit from a local Public Security Bureau officer.) Murder is unethical, but when you're at war.. And that has happened on numerous occasions. The number of Hezbollah fronts that have been stopped in just Houston alone saved a large number of lives by disrupting financing mechanisms that facilitate illicit materiél aquisitions. But the tin foil hat crowd would prefer to fixate on missteps. There was plenty of bad stuff the US (and Brits) did in WWII, but cracking Enigma codes saved potentially millions of lives. I don't know who would argue that working on the Enigma project was harming the worl, except maybe Germans at the time. The intel world is very ambiguous. It a person can't deal with ambiguity, then they'd be better off staying out of the intel community. That's just nonsense. Where's your outrage over the stuff the Syrians, Iranians and North Koreans. You can bury your head in the sands of outrage, but meanwhile, people are working hard to maintain your freedom to enjoy your conspiracy theories. Wall Street isn't raping world economies. That's just anti-capitalist nonsense. "The most important single central fact about a free market is that no exchange takes place unless both parties benefit." It's more about your ability to withstand interrogation if you're captured. What does 'properly' mean? Does that mean it must be tweaked and optimized to run fast? Yeah, total butt heads for not wanting Microsoft to dilute their trademark. If the public starts to associate Metro with Microsoft, then that does affect them. Besides Metro isn't even that exciting of a name. Just some rudimentary due diligence in MS's part could have avoided this whole thing. Balmer has some idiots working for him. They could all it Windows Metropolitan Sevice Pack for Workgroups Infringement Edition. Their stores are actually pretty awesome. I used to shop there when I was in Shanghai and they're like a deluxe Sam's Club. Every time I've had an issue or problem, I've been Apple to correspond with an Apple App Store rep. One tune it was because I needed to expedite and update and another time it was because I was in a copyright dispute with another app. Both times, my emails were answered. My friends who've had App Store rejections have been able to get exact reasons and email actual people at Apple for details. I have zero experience with the Play store, but I have expected developers to be able to get more information by email, at least. Also, I though the Google store was supposed to be 'open' and all that. I feel bad for those devs whose apps are going to be arbitrarily removed without explanation. Perhaps they'll want to join us on the Apple developer side of the fence for awhile! I'd love to see their games on iPhone! They certainly can't lose much more market share in the US, unless negative market share is possible. This is just horseshit. London has gone off the deep end into absurdity. I wish Anonymous would teach these people a lesson. Very true, but the IOC regulating what a private pub advertises outside of Olympic venues couldn't happen without the government going along for the ride. "We'll let you host the Olympics provided you restrict the mention by your citizens of any non sponsor products for the duration." Inside venues, the IOC calls te shots, but restricting beers a pub can mention? That goes a little far. I wonder if a pub called "The Gold Bass Ale Shoppe" would just be closed down altogether. So little guy vs big guy has relevance? I thought the law was what was relevant. Suggesting that the perpetrator of an act ought to be treated differently based on factors unrelated to the actual action seems wrong. If a poor homeless guy robs my house, I want him just as arrested as the rich guy that does it. But, if we're supposed to be pulling for the little guy, then we should be supporting Apple against Samsung right? Samsung makes over twice Apple's yearly revenue. The blatant copying by Samsung of Apple (even down to icon colors and packaging design) is just as obvious as Zynga's ripoff. If Zynga had 'prior access' and their resulting product is similar, then it's easy to prove an infringement. A nominal fee unfair? The "lab" fee for an ENGLISH class could pay that fee 20 times over. Colleges and university costs have risen faster than nearly every other "industry" -- including healthcare. I wouldn't say a nominal fee was unfair, not when a textbook can cost $150. What's unfair is a state university paying jackass administrators 6 figure salaries, yet it takes a kid to create a notification system that actually works. What the heck are all those IT administrators actually doing with their day? One would think class registration would be single most important IT task of a university. After all, if students aren't in classes, what's the point? Bam! I was thinking the exact two same words. That would be awesome if the dude did that. He could pay-per-view when he hands in the paper -- I'd pay to see those sanctimonious assclowns get owned by this guy. These are the kinds of students you want in your school -- creative, a little rebellious and intelligent. Of course, the admins want good little worker bees that adhere to proper margins and typography. I would be tempted to even dust off the 'ol Comic Sans just for this. They definitely wouldn't deserve a real font. Yes, I realize he'd likely get kicked out of school, but when Wired does a story on the guy, he won't have any problems getting into a better school. However, the University themselves "monetize" every little thing. Lab fees for English classes, library fees, $20 transcript fees to print a document on a $0.25 piece of paper. Fees for registration, fees for athletics (even if you don't participate,) fees for the Student Health Center (even if you have private insurance) fees for everything. This kid making some coin isn't a problem for me. He built a service, he should get paid. He accessed public data (apparently) and didn't crack into anything. The real question is why are universities so bad with their money -- they can pay head football coaches million dollar contracts, yet most universities are chronically unable to offer enough sections of popular classes. I get it, football brings in revenue, but so does licensing technology innovations and alumni that strike it rich. Higher education is important, but the industry of higher ed is a giant scam. Extortion. Yeah, but the Florida law is pretty clear. Schools can do this legally te court of public opinion might be a better strategy. The writer of this article is a dumbass. The whole point of Dixon's post was to explain the shift to transactional models. As a side note, he said 10m users was a Series A benchmark, not a funding benchmark. Plenty of under 10m user sites can and do raise seed rounds. Another crybaby blog post by someone that wishes it were still 1997. If git syntax is that hard, then programming might not be the correct vocation. Does anyone still use Blueprint? Seems dated these days. Social grace and self confidence are not mutually exclusive. I do all of my wire framing and app planning work exclusively on iPad. With the iPad, I can actually create content while sardined in the subway. These "consumption-only" folks are just parroting Microsoft-sponsored drivel. Obviously, you know nothing of the Iceberg Theory and understanding subtext. Dickens is good, but he tells the entire story, leaving nothing out. There's no ambiguity or room to fill in the empty space with your own experience. That's why Old Man and the Sea was so great-- it's not about a man fishing, it's about anyone who has every accomplished something only to have it torn to shreds. Read between the lines. That's what makes Hemingway so great. It isn't the sound of the words, it's the sound of the silence between the words. To those that lack that ability, I'm sure "Hills like White Elephants" is a story about a train station and "The Sun Also Rises" is a story about drinking. The best writers know when to shut the heck up and let their stories resonate beyond the words on the page. Good grief. Is everything you've ever made absolutely perfect? You build something beautiful and then you can dogpile on a grammar mistake. Craigslist anyone? I agree, the majority of commenters have chosen to just rip apart this strong effort at doing something even if it isn't perfect. I've found that a good portion of the wikipedia "community" to be terribly provincial and cliquish. They're like the homeowners associations of the web, they have "their" way of doing it and get almost irritatingly passionate over trivial nonsense (should it be "behavior or behaviour") There's a billion articles about Linux distros, yet an article about a famous wedding dress gets cut? Yet, on the other hand, many of these same commenters nail Craigslist for their lack of design and defend Wikipedia for it's lack of design. It seems like nobody is ever happy with anything. If you think Wikipedia is perfect, you're delusional -- no site is perfect. So rather than constant critism, put your money where your mouth is and build your own mock up. Show us how you think it should be rather than continually knocking everyone else. Sometimes I feel like HN is populated by grumpy old men who haven't had their Metamucil. Offensive? Really? Having one's religion insulted is offensive. A "W" shouldn't be. Yeah, I hope it stays more like Craigslist. Simple, ugly and functional. every heard of scrolling? A big deal for who? Nobody cares except the 5 people involved. What's the real-world problem App.net solves? I'm not being cynical, just curious. If I back the project, I want to know the pain point I'm solving and if it's a pain point that actually is worth solving versus something else. The other question I have is, who's the market? People are using the HN vs. Reddit comparison, but HN is about as niche as it gets and also doesn't really do much other than provide a place for us to share some data. Muggles don't usually visit HN and I'm wondering if they'd have a need for App.net. I'm considering backing it, but like all investments, there's some due diligence involved. There's also the opportunity cost for the money that should be considered. I'm also wondering why kickstarter is appropriate as opposed to traditional VC and seed funds. If there's a sustainable business there, it would seem like the App.net team would have a very easy time raising money -- they seem competent, capable and passionate (at least enough to warrant a small seed round.) So what's the business model? Are there enough developers willing to pay real money for access to an API? It seems hard enough to get developers to actually buy a license for Sublime or TextMate (or even pay $0.99 for a song on iTunes.) I could see some potential in the enterprise space to license out the API for companies to then build their own information services atop of.. but that seems to get away from the "power to the people" idea this project seems to be capitalizing on. >App.net focuses on the API and let's the developers build the robust applications. Robust applications that do what? I'm not sure what the value of the API is, isn't the point of a Twitter-like API to allow people to use Twitter data. The API side of the equation isn't that hard to do.. it's the content accessed with the API that would be useful. I can see and appreciate the tech in this project, but I'm not sure why a developer would build an application to consume an API without much data.. I'm confused. I don't mean any disrespect to the folks involved or their supporters, but I'm not sure what this project will accomplish -- is it a technology platform or a content platform? And is the technology that "hard" -- it seems to me that getting the content would be the hard part. Some of the smartest people in tech have supported a ton of failures. Every VC on the planet has a long list of "the next big thing" that never went anywhere. I don't necessarily care if some of the "smartest" people in tech are backing it. App.net has raised under $300,000 -- if it was THAT awesome, they would have raised the full $500K almost instantly. Fred Wilson would have just just wrote a check for the whole thing. They might like the idea, but if there was a viable business model there would have been a frenzy if the proposed product was that awesome. I still can't understand how this is supposed to make money. And giving someone a $50 or $100 or $1000 pledge on Kickstarter is pocket change for tech luminaries. They're likely supporting the founders more than a specific implementation. I don't know many people actually salivating over this or else they wouldn't be needing Kickstarter. More power to the founders, I'm just skeptical because it still isn't clear what this project is supposed to accomplish. It's almost like Occupy got involved in a software project to vent anger over the big companies acting in ways with which they disagree. Still, good luck to the App.net team. I hope they succeed and I'm proven to be an ignorant Luddite! Actually, burner comes from the spy business, not specifically criminals. Wiretaps have little to do with actual phone numbers. Can you convince some mom at the gym to pay $50 to use App.net? If the answer is no, then that's a big problem in building a sustainable social business. Most people don't see a "problem" with Twitter. I occasionally have seen a sponsored tweet, but it's even less obtrusive than google and EVERYBODY uses google. Convincing the soccer mom set to ditch facebook and twitter over some nebulous concept of a developer-friendly social thingy.. not going to happen. To me it seems like the App.net gents are playing this power to the people angle just as a hook to justify funding for a twitter clone. I can make a twitter clone (and an API to go with it) in less than a weekend. If I wanted it to be beautiful, my buddy and I could spend a month of evenings working on it and it would cost us no more than the price of the beers. I am starting to think that this entire thing is a scam. A publicity stunt to convince people to pay $50 for something that could be built by following the Michael Hartl Rails Tutorial and the Service Oriented Design with Ruby book. This whole project is too much "inside baseball" the user on the street doesn't care, doesn't want to care because it really doesn't solve any problem for them. A pay-per-tweet platform? C'mon, who actually thinks that has business potential? Especially if just a few people are using it. None of my friends are on it. So what value is the "social" component to me? I don't know a single person on App.net, so why the heck would I spend my development time building some "robust" app atop of a platform that no one is using? You get 10 million users and then I'll potentially care about the API. When you're competing against social networks that compete for people's limited time, yes. I'm not going to update my Twitter, my App.net, my Facebook, my Path, my Google Plus, my Tumblr, my this or my that.. It isn't if it App.net is good or not, it's about convincing people to add yet another "obligation" to their social media life. There is incredible inertia with Twitter. People aren't leaving it -- they continue to grow and, as people add more and more followers, they'll be less likely to just ditch it for something else, even if John Gruber says it's "cool." So build one. I don't understand why the founders "need" funding. If they have such a great business model and already have an alpha, then can't they bootstrap? If the idea is so good, then people should be just dying to sign up and give their credit card numbers. I mean, aren't people just dying to pay these guys $50? We have infrastructure. It's called AWS. The infrastructure of App.net is not revolutionary or even that interesting. Why do new social services need this infrastructure? W3 is killing it in the SEO department though. It'd be nice to buy those guys and use that google-juice for the forces of good. Hey App.net.. are you seeing this? Concentration Camps? Are you really going to make that parallel, we're talking about less than 200 prisoners, who are well-fed, guarded by soldiers who must go out of their way not to offend their charges' religion. Americans in jail for minor drug possession are treated worse than Gitmo prisoners. As far as torture, you don't know anything about which you type. Ask the Vietnamese, Chinese, Iranians, Russians and Turks about torture, then waterboarding will seem like a 5 year old girl's birthday party. It's very easy to be sanctimonious from the comfort of your chair. Make your argument, but don't venture into hyperbole fueled by Michael Moore delusions. As far as terrorism being helped by copyright infringement, that IS a stretch. It's like saying terrorism is helped by Coca-Cola sales because some rogue mosque happens to have a Coke machine. Dotcom should not be a poster boy for "innocent" victim. He has a long criminal history. As far as anything Dotcom says, how can you believe him? He's been convicted of insider trading, embezzlement, computer fraud, handling stolen goods, selling stolen credit card numbers.. Those credit card numbers were attached to real people who had their lives highly inconvenienced by a thief. Why the hell do people celebrate Dotcom? He's not a crusader. He's just trying to get paid. If he did it all for free, I might be inclined to respect him, despite disagreeing with his actions. But this punk lived it up in a mansion like some kind of player and he wants us to feel sorry for him? This is like feeling sorry for Scarface. The best part about TextMate is that it led us to Sublime. So it's kind of like ebay with a way more awesome UI? Seriously cool. Nice work. I'm working on a Twitter/Craigslist/StackOverflow-like service for moms and I will certainly see how we could use your service. It's a good letter, but I would have appreciated a mention of lowering corporate taxes. With a 35% corporate tax rate, that does encourage innovation -- innovation in tax avoidance. Think of the innovation that could happen if companies had a 15% corporate tax rate.. that would mean 20% available capital to companies. If I suddenly had access to 20% more capital, I would hire more people and build more things. A 35% corporate tax rate is the highest in the industrialized world and it's as big a detriment to company growth as any IP battle. If I spend $1 million to develop something innovative and the guy next to me stole that innovation; he effectively stole $1 million from me. That's a huge disincentive to spending another million to innovate. Copyrights and patents don't stifle innovation, they protect the creators and the resources they expended. To drive innovation, people need to innovate, not steal. If I can't copy the iPhone, then that drives me to create something even better, not just an iPhone with a few little tweaks. For those that disagree, I challenge you to open source all of the code you're working on for your companies. Then, I'll set up an exact clone of your application (including using your logo) and start making money from your work. That would encourage you to innovate right? Cool, innovate, then I'll use the new code you made, along with the new logo and continue making money from your work. How is THAT fair? If you bake amazing cookies and sell them in a shop, should that cookie recipe be given away to a competitor? Intellectual property is a critical piece of developing a competitive advantage. Take away that competitive advantage and we might as well be the Soviet Union. If you create something, you should have the right to profit from it. If you look at the innovation in China, especially in software, it's very flat because the protections there are almost non-existent. You build something there and it's copied almost instantly, so the incentive to innovate is much, much lower. Be careful what you wish for. This isn't just about startups. Innovation matters to all technology companies; all companies really. Why doesn't Samsung "innovate" and build a better touchscreen instead of copying someone else. Innovation != copying someone's work and making marginal improvement. Apple didn't copy the Palm Treo or the Blackberry when they built the iPhone. They saw what those products could and couldn't do, so they made something better. THAT'S innovation. Samsung's copying Apple isn't innovation, it's lazy. Consumers don't benefit from "me too" products, unless we treat all technology as a commodity. They don't last hundreds of years. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_copyright_len... I have two words for you: Joe Biden, http://youtu.be/4_VJrmOBikU No, people are voting for Romney and Ryan because Obama is clueless about the economy. Case in point: http://youtu.be/DvUMvknc228 Maybe it was a dick move for people to waste productivity over turf battles. Everyone's time was wasted. A lot of these political fights sound a lot like working with unions. "Oh you can't do that, it'll save time and we won't get to work as many hours."..and then a few years later they're wondering why the plant declared bankruptcy. Some would even say irony. Ask yourself this: are Canadian or British companies having an easier time with startups than American companies? Single payer or not is not a significant factor in the success of a startup. If it were then single-payer countries would be enjoying a decided advantage against the US, which they're not. If a potential founder is seeing a lack of insurance as a barrier to entry, then it's likely that potential founder does not have the fortitude to survive creating a new company. I'm sure. There's no way they'd kill one of their biggest properties. That's the problem with search converges with conflict, you necessarily create conflicts of interest. Explain Tiny Wings. One dev, no marketing, massive hit. If the TSA went away it wouldn't lead to more terrorism, contractors would resume TSA duties as they do in some airports already. However, since the TSA in now unionized and the private contractors were not, it's a big deal for Obama because he counts on union contributions for his campaign. It has nothing to do with security. The TSA hasn't caught a single terrorist or attempted terrorist during its entire tenure. Blaming the private screeners for 9-11 is a bit unfair because, if the TSA were operating under the same pre-9-11 rules, those guys would have made it on the plane as well. The TSA is also Janet "Big Sis" Napolitano's most visible way of exerting her own need for power. She obsessed with her fiefdom and the perks it provides. Obama also wouldn't dare cross Napolitano as it's clear she'd be able to body slam him without a second thought. What does Hispanic ethnicity have to do with anything? No, what we need is having El Al run security for America's airports. Those guys don't play around and it's why El Al is the safest airline in the sky. Big difference though, Obama promised the most transparent administration in history. Admittedly, it's a low bar, but Fast and Furious documents, press restrictions, including a prohibition on live tweeting anything Biden says. Obfuscation of the Solyndra scandal.. it goes on and on. The Fast and Furious scandal is the big one though. Allowing gun walking in order to then use the resultant violence to make the case for anti-gun legislation, resulting in the death of Brian Terry as well as hundreds of Mexicans. In Watergate all you had was a burglary, with this, people were killed. And yet, those documents are covered by Executive Privilege even though the President denied knowing anything about it? His lack of press conferences, restrictions on press at campaign events, colluding with the media to squash stories while leaking others. We can debate policy all day long, but there's really no way anyone can argue that Obama's administration is the most transparent in history. Even Obama himself is obscured. Every presidential candidate has released college transcripts -- except Obama. There are all sorts of questions about his past that remain unanswered, yet he claims to be transparent? We knew George Bush's elementary school grades, the cars he owned and drugs he did -- yet with Obama there are so many questions that he refuses to address both in his personal history and current White House administration. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXWTdTnhebs C'mon, it's the Obama administration. They'd manipulate the wind if they could get away with it. That White House is one of the most tightly-scripted organizations in history. If something doesn't fit the narrative, it gets buried. Notice there hasn't been much mention of Guantanamo Bay, though Obama promised to close it as soon as he took office? That's not by accident. Then they should extend the deadline. That's why you should use Vimeo. I sue Tweetbot on my iPhone and can't remember ever seeing an ad. This idea that twitter is getting cluttered by advertising is just a myth. >>There has been zero manipulation of numbers, or “stuffing of the ballot box” by App.net. Why would he even suggest that? I wouldn't have expected such behavior. But are developers going to have to pay for use of the API? And users will have to pay to use apps that use the API right? That branding makeover wasn't designed to be actually used. It was, as companies are prone to do, a case study/exercise with the intent of showing clients their though processes with a recognizable product. I wouldn't criticize those gents to strongly because they are a branding company and they were using Wikipedia to demonstrate the thought processes that go into a project. It's essentially useful as similar exercises that we got in college -- it isn't about actually implementing the changes, its an academic exercise. In the case of the design firm that did the Wiki remaining, it serves a similar purpose. I think HN was especially hard on those guys despite the fact that it achieved its intended purpose: to start a conversation. Even bad ideas have a purpose in the design process (although I have to admit, I actually liked their work.) I'd love to see them do a similar case study on Craigslist or the Drudge Report, if just to see what they came up with. >> puts focus on the content ... That's the purpose of good design. Design has but one purpose, to serve the UX. That's it. Anything else is just vanity. When there's an obvious focus on "design", then the UX is harmed. I put design in quotes because we all know what I'm talking about, design that is more about artistry than utility. Real design is much different from art. While great design can be artistic, design is all about purpose and not that nebulous "What's the purpose of art" type of purpose, but actual utility. Getting something done. Solving a problem. The Drudge Report is considered by many on the internets to be a terrible "design" yet it's exceptionally well designed for what it does: it allows people to get a very fast listing of headlines curated by someone with a specific point of view. The purpose is precisely clear -- it's a place to browse headlines and perhaps visit links. Going to the Yahoo page, by contrast, I'm left wondering what the heck the purpose of yahoo is. Presumably, it's a news homepage, but it's incredible badly designed because the purpose of the page isn't really clear. It looks like Yahoo hired rejected Naver ( http://www.naver.com/ ) designers and told them to ruin the Yahoo homepage as much as possible while maximizing ad pixels. Anyway, I know I'm rambling a bit, but I think the "look" of wikipedia could be improved slightly, but the design (at least on the consumer facing (not the editor) side is effective. I especially appreciate the mobile version of Wikipedia. It's a constant companion while I'm out and about and it's fast, crisp and gets me the information I need. You don't have to buy everything you see just like you don't have to hit on every pretty girl that you see. We still have the power to say no, regardless of the messages. We could say that pretty girls everywhere leads to impure thoughts right? Advertising is just like a pretty girl -- you are under no obligation to act on your 'unsophisticated psychology.' if you disagree with me, then the terrorists have won. So how do you find out about anything? Even in the Bike shop, they have product displays to show off products-- that is advertising. The funny thing is you are likely subconsciously exposed to products that you eventually buy all while thinking that you 'discovered' the product on some hipster blog while pretending that you're impervious. You wouldn't know about any new movie unless they were advertised. Unless you read reviews which, are seeded by the film's PR department which is, in effect advertising. Don't be so sanctimonious. You cannot honestly say you never tried a new restaurant unless expressly recommended by a friend. Those signs in front of restaurants.. You guessed it, advertising. You're a consumer whether you admit it or not. I'd they are just in it for the ideology, then I fully expect then to run the company as a non profit. Oh, they aren't are they? They want to make money too? And they're trying to convince people that they're in it for openness and all that? If they made App.net into a Wikipedia style foundation, I would have gladly jumped on board. But instead they're just trying to create an angle to justify a twitter clone. I can build my own twitter clone. I don't need to pay App.net for that. I have yet to see anything original about this idea. They're just trying to profit on a rather limited crowd of tech people. If it was such a great idea, then the VCs would be throwing money at them. And no, they didn't turn it down-- it isn't there because their business model won't scale. There's only a limited amount of social network inbreeding that can happen before a niche paid network runs out of cousins. The unions are the big problem along with a lack if accountability. They can break baggage laws, for example, with impunity leaving the passenger little recourse except to attempt to sue in federal court. Except they can't easily reduce labor costs because of the unions. Southwest is not unionized yet almost every employee there seems happy and friendly. Flying on Southwest is almost fun and they have low ticket costs. Southwest knows how to properly hedge against fuel increases and as such they're one of the few profitable airlines around. Yeah, imagine if they said black men couldn't sit next to white women. There would be an outrage of the highest sort. Or single women couldn't sit next to married men lest they be temptresses. It's nuts. I would love it if the site were responsive. Reading and commenting via iPhone is an exceptional pain. If one needs a browser addon to make a site work well, then the site isn't well designed. Tumblr, for example is a delight to use on all browsers (mobile and otherwise) and it doesn't require an add-ons. So YOU'RE the person downvoting my brilliance! ;) This isn't a sad story it's another example of developers being good at code but terrible at business. If code is your livelihood, treat it as such. Misplaced idealism is dangerous. Besides, doesn't giving someone a free game feed into their game addictions? Game pricing shouldn't be subject to some moral code. It's a game: if people don't like the price, they don't have to play. This illustrates the problem with pirate software as well as pirate music and movies. People don't buy the cow if they get the milk for free. Why bother? PostgreSQL is better. ls And who pays for it? I must not be hip either because I don't understand the point of App.net. However, if they are thin-skinned, a tech startup is not the place to be. Better to weed out the insecure before they invest their entire life into something. If anything HN has made me stronger -- if one of my ideas flies well among this crowd, then talking to a skeptical VC is cake. And, it would seem that most of the harshness is well meaning. In NYC, bluntness isn't considered rude, it's actually doing the other person a favor -- we don't have time for smoke to be blown up one's ass. I think my main complaint about HN is the cyclical obsession with the Torrent/Kim Dotcom/Wikileaks side of things. There is a sizable minority that seem to have some ignorant idealism that everything should be free and that developers/musicians/filmmakers ought to just produce content simply out of the joy of doing so, while neglecting that if you give away the store, you can't pay your bills. The recent story about the 200,000 downloads game devs who were now homeless illustrates what happens when that logic is actually implemented. As Fred Wilson has said, the key to reducing piracy (and the need for it) is the frictionless, low-cost ability to acquire desired content. I'm am glad that the Bitcoin fad seems to have faded from the HN pages. The fringe types (constantly looking for conspiracies, no problems with "warez" and very "hack the planet" (i.e. Hackers (1995)) seem to provide some interesting "color" but also occasionally drown out the original purpose of HN -- startup-related news and the technologies involved therein. I was a late comer to the party, so perhaps I'm part of the problem, but still, on the whole, HN, even with its snark, is a great place to be and I'm proud to have earned a few Karma points over the last year. The problem with invite-only is that you get an exceptionally inbred set of ideas and it becomes little more than a self-congratulatory circle jerk. I wouldn't mind a small membership fee which would confer voting rights. A critical mass of people with $50. Did you ever use an LG Prada? Worked nothing like iOS. And yes, they did reinvent the smartphone. The first smartphone that had a full unix-based operating system. The first to use multitouch. The first to use accelerometers. A lot of firsts. The individual tech might have existed before (excepting multitouch which Apple invented,) but the application of those technologies into a phone was entirely new. Stop trying to Apple-bash after the fact. Apple's genius wasn't 'marketing' it was design. The iPod wasn't the first MP3 player -- it was the first that let you have 1000 songs in your pocket. Stop short-changing Apple. After all, you certainly haven't invented anything of note. You build something innovative that consumers love to use and then you can call Apple's genius one of marketing. Every Home Depot has the tools and supplies to build the White House, that doesn't mean that architects are just really good at marketing because they didn't think of wood and paint first. Ignoring the synergy is to ignore the nature of creativity. I don't seem to be missing anything. By the way, where are all these ads on Twitter I keep hearing about? I'm not seeing them on my native Twitter client for Mac. I'm not really convinced that Twitter is so terrible. Some developers are mad, sure, but as a user not developing on the Twitter API, I don't see what the big deal is. Am I supposed to be angry that tweets will now have to be consistent across third party tools? Am I supposed to be furious that some developer out there is going to have to limit API calls? I'm not sure I care. I don't develop for Twitter (other than letting users log in with their Twitter accounts,) so I fail to see why the whole community seems up in arms. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be pissed off about that I'd need to spend $50 (as just a user!) or $100 as a developer to get on App.net. Heck, the Apple developer program is $99 -- I'm certainly the level of documentation, support (and profitability) of being on App.net won't even come close to what the App Store puts in my pocket every month. App.net charging $100 for developers to build apps on a nearly mythological platform with just several thousand users. They're putting the cart way before the horse. Get the users THEN start charging developers (if that's your model.) Why am I going to invest time developing for a platform that has no assurance that it won't be a total bust? If it's just an infrastructure "platform" thing, with practically zero general public users, then why wouldn't I just develop using my own platform? I have lots of questions and all the answers seem to point to a giant scam. There's a reason major investors haven't tried to invest in this project. No users, a business model that doesn't scale and a nebulous value proposition.. Still, I hope those App.net gents do something productive with everyone's money. I fear that they're going to have a hard time getting new users on the platform after this initial burst of enthusiasm. The whole thing smells a little like a circle jerk to me. .me (Macedonia) is very solid. Not a single problem in 3 years. Factory Girl is good but Fabrication is far better. Yes, but google.co.jp does just fine. The automatic country redirects are the main issue. I wouldn't go to Microsoft.com and expect it to be in Chinese any more than if I went to Baidu.cn and expected it to be in English. The country domain is the ideal way to handle regional preference, I don't need the software doing it for me. I'm not an idiot, stop treating me like one. Well sure. just like ditu.google.cn defaults to a China map. maps.google.co.uk defaults to a UK map, maps.google.fr defaults to France. Google IS an American company, so maybe google.com ought to direct to a US map. Why should I link to google.com when that's what I typed in the first place? How is gender relevant in this case? Accelerators are not jobs. They're designed to accelerate your own company. You can already do that now. My startup of 2 people just got a group policy from Blue Cross Blue Shield. Outside of NY and California, those policies could be had for as little as $500 per month (that's total, for two people.) In NJ/NY, we're paying about $900 per month for 3 people. (we have one child on the plan as a dependent.) If the average accelerator gives you $20K for three months, then spend $2000-$3000 and buy insurance for those three months. Most people don't know enough about health insurance (because they're usually getting it from their employer) but getting group insurance is possible even with a "group" of just 2. You just have to do your homework. Perhaps something accelerators could do is perhaps provide some guidance on the HR side of startups, including how to deal with employee benefits. I totally agree. UX should not be based on some engineer's idea of what might be useful but on what might be useful to the actual user. Seeing August 22 doesn't mean much to me because I don't constantly look at my calender, but seeing 1 day ago or "yesterday" lets me know when something happened without me trying to remember what today's date is. However, that being say, I thing relative dates do have a point of diminishing returns. For me, past a week is when I'd prefer to see actual dates. I do agree that "over a year ago" is pretty vague at not as useful to the user as "August 2011." The word "about" gets ambiguous when dealing with longer spans of time. Obviously "about" is ambiguous by definition, but the degree of ambiguity increases as one goes further away from the event. I vote we switch to the Julian Calendar. Of course, I'm partial to the Chinese Lunar Calendar. We could always use Unix time as well. The App.net effect is due to sample bias -- the people paying are the one's most likely to be enthusiastic about it, so they are enthusiastic about it to justify the fact that they spent $50 for it. They don't want to feel like they've wasted their money. With App.net, users have a vested interest in other users adopting the service, hence the cheerleading. > It clearly isn't a necessity Right. That's what freedom means. The freedom to buy whatever house you want. I don't want people deciding what my "necessities" are. That's the problem, too many people think they know what's best for everyone else. The Soviets apparently knew what was "best" for their people and their crappy products, terrible farming yields and dismal failing economic system was the result, not to mention widespread poverty (as well as famine in 1930-1932.) A house in general isn't a necessity. A lean-to in the woods could work. So could a tent. People can tell me what they heck I'm allowed to buy, do or how I should live as soon as they give me the right to start evaluating everything they're doing. If people want to build bigger homes, that's their right -- they are paying for them. Just like if I want to drive 100,000 miles per year in a Hummer -- that's my right. Bigger houses are valued higher so the residents pay more taxes which pays for more "stuff" that I often feel is clearly not a "necessity." If I drive 100,000 miles per year, I'm paying gasoline taxes (and tolls) which ostensibly fund roads and bridges as well as other infrastructure. I personally prefer a higher quality house and am willing to pay more per square foot to get it. If that means I have a smaller house, that's fine with me, but if people value size over quality, that's their right as well. In a free market, no one is forced to buy anything (except for health insurance, of course,) but those large suburban homes.. if that's what people want, who cares? I don't tell people what women or men they should make babies with, so why should people be able to tell us what homes to buy? Although I would argue that bad human breeding choices causes more societal damage than a house with 500 extra square feet, but once again, it's about freedom. Many people have forgotten what freedom means. It embarrassing to call myself an American when a good portion of Americans feel like it's their duty to tell everyone else how they should live their life to fit with some normative idea held by this group or that. I guarantee that every single one of us has something in our lifestyle that could be considered "bad" by someone. Who gets to decide what's bad? As long as your life choices don't deprive others of life, liberty or property, then do whatever the fuck you want. Don't try to make the lame argument that bigger houses consume more resources and it causes you die sooner. Those people pay for the resources consumed and people have jobs because of those resources consumed. And, as those resources become more scarce, the prices will rise, thus leading to a reduction of consumption of those resources. The economy is generally a self-regulating system (at least when we stop trying to manipulate it for political ends.) If someone wants to live in a Manhattan closet and someone else wants to live in a Queens "McMansion," what right is it of ours to say otherwise? For those complaining about "too big" then ask yourself, do you really "need" a 27 inch monitor? An 11 inch MacBook Air is good enough for 37signals, why should you need anything bigger? It isn't a necessity right? A computer isn't really a necessity when you get down to it. Society hummed along just fine before we had computers in every (smaller) home. /end rant Generalize much? The build quality in the US exceeds China and Korea in almost every possible way. Every been to China? The walls of most new construction homes in Shanghai are made of cinder block or poured concrete. Terrible sound insulation as well as horrendous thermal insulation. Increased home sizes would be hard to connect statistically to the reduction in sound insulation. Those two factors are not correlated at all. Many older homes have terrible sound insulation. In fact, older apartment buildings specifically are often terrible compared to new construction when it comes to insulation (both thermal and auditory.) You shouldn't need a contract if you're adding value to the organization. If you can get replaced by someone cheaper, then you weren't worth what you were getting. Why the heck should a business pay more for the same outputs? If you're adding more value than you cost, your job is always safe. The union mentality is exactly the reason American manufacturing has left for cheaper pastures. Union employees aren't about adding value, they're about protecting their own ass rather that striving to find ways to add value to the organization. Business owners do not have an obligation to keep everyone employed, they have an obligation to make a profit, if there's no profit, then they won't be able to employ anyone for very long. Good employees are an asset to any company. You don't get "wrongfully" terminated if you are adding value of a company. I will never hire union labor ever. I would close down a business before I submitted to the extortion of unions. If I hire people, I treat them really well because they add value not because a contract says I must. Google employees aren't unionized -- Google understands that to attract the best talent you have to treat people well. Google employees don't need a union -- they know that if they're providing value, their jobs are very secure. It's the lower-skilled workers with chips on their shoulders that are the first to cry about needing a contract to "protect" their rights. Contracts protect the employees that strive to do the minimal possible under the terms of the contract. Unions have made employees interchangeable because you get paid based on your job title and seniority, not necessarily the value you bring to the organization. The big tragedy is that in union shops, when layoffs happen it's the junior guys that go first, even if they're better workers than the more senior. It's disgusting that years on the job mean more than actual job output. Unions had their place before OSHA came along, but now they are corrupt labor monopolies where the bosses get paid millions each year cronyism and corruption are the norm. If you don't like a company, you're free to quit, but in closed-shop states, if you don't like the union, too bad, you have to be a member (or pay the dues) if you want to be employed in that field in your state. Detroit is 1993 Sarajevo because of unions, while North Carolina is doing pretty well. The difference is the unions. Right. Blame America for Sweeden. Besides the guy's entire MO was distributing stolen files. In the article, the guy's t-shirt says it all. Anyway you slice it, he's no better than the Russian mobsters that steal credit card numbers. If you think everything should be free, then please leave your address so I can help myself to your stuff. Why are people still using phone gap? What's the point? Might as well just build a web app. PhoneGap is the Dreamweaver of mobile. Was this article just one big troll? The UX is the absolute most important thing. Anything that sacrifices the user experience just to make it easier to develop is a bad tool. It's a tool for the lazy. Ok Mark Zuckerberg. Shipped code does not always beat unshipped code if the shipped code is shitty. In App Store contexts, badly shipped code can kill your app before it gains any traction leaving future updates moot. Anytime you deliver less than a beautiful UX you are doing a disservice to the user. The product can be simple and MVPish, but you should never ship shitty code. Zuckerberg doesn't know what he's talking about. That's not government's role unless you're in Soviet Russia. The free market drives more innovation that government ever has. The Lada and the Yugo are great examples of what happens when central planners try to run things. Besides, if people aren't going to profit from their hard work, what's the incentive for hard work? I don't write code everyday for the good of humanity, I do it to try and build something someone wants to buy so I can improve my lot in life. Besides, if companies don't profit, they won't do and then you have a downward economic spiral of decreasing tax revenues and ever increasing tax rates to fund the government's work which then drives even less economic activity because the incentive is reduced. The role of government is to protect life, freedom and property. As soon as the government gets involved in microeconomic transactions, the efficiency declines. Comparing the US Postal Servie and Amtrack to Southwest Airlines and FedEx illustrates this perfectly. The government should regulate markets only as much as necessary to ensure that the markets function. They shouldn't be running the markets themselves. The lack of tort reform is one of the key drivers to the insane cost of drugs and medical care. When a drug company has multi-million dollar exposure for every drug they produce, it's going to raise the cost. OB-GYN docs pay several hundred thousand dollars per year in malpractice insurance because one mistake has them on the hook for multi-million dollar punitive judgements. Government should be a referee, not a player. It should provide a safety net from complete destitution, but not serve as an insurance policy against failure. The GM bailout is a great example of what government should not be doing. When the government starts meddling in private business (i.e. pouring money into it,) it distorts the market and makes it much harder for innovative new players to enter the market. The Tucker car from the 1950s is a perfect illustration. The big three in Detroit threw around political muscle to effectively shut down a car company that built safer cars. If government had stayed out, we would have had seat belts and pop-out windshields years earlier. "I'm from the government and I'm here to help" are still the scariest words one can hear in America. This is typical of Korean companies. I worked in Korea for years and some of my naïve colleagues would even have their passports held hostage for the duration of the employment contract. This was in the education industry, but these kinds of extortions are pretty standard in Korea. I love Korea, but I avoid doing business in Korea because of this type of tomfoolery. You can't get punished by your embassy for working in another country illegally. As far as getting a replacement passport, that's no problem. The passport hostage taking will prevent you from staying in the country or being able to get another job in the country because while you can get a new passport, you can't easily get a new visa. It's actually against Korean labor law to withhold a passport however a foreigner has little chance of winning that fight because they delay the process effectively leaving you without a job and the ability to get a new work visa from another employer while the process drags along. In the old days (a few years ago,) you couldn't even leave the country unless your employer released you from your visa. Trying to exit without a visa can get you detained an heavily fined. So keeping your passport has the practical effect of keeping you stranded because you can't get a replacement visa for the new passport without the employer's permission. Korean immigration is a mess. Money laundering, buying illegal stuff, you know pretty much the only reasons for real people (other than hacker enthusists) for using BCs. The high volatility mixed with low trade volumes make the currency's value as a hedge against the dollar painfully useless. If people wanted a 'safe' currency, BC is the wrong answer, CHF is a far better choice. But, my hypothesis is that Bit Coiners want untraceable transactions for nefarious reasons. I'm not against bitcoin, but let's not be delusional and pretend that it's main benefit is stability. It seems that many bitcoin users are under the delusion that their $100 purchases at Amazon are of interest to the authorities. The people that most need financial anonymity are the ones that should least likely get it. The last thing I want is for North Korea to start settling transactions with Syria using bitcoin, but that's exactly what bitcoin will be used for if it isn't already. Bitcoiners are the hacker equivalent of the Glen Beck types that hoard gold for the coming apocalypse. What's your address? I want to help myself to all of your stuff. So what if you've worked for it. I want it so I should have it. Private citizens ought not have the right to retain ownership of anything. Everything should be free right? So let's start at your house. It's cool though, you can have a kickstarter to buy new stuff. I might even chip in $5. The irony is that you wouldn't have the Hugo awards with no IP protection. The publishers wouldn't publish any of the books because there'd be no profit and the writers wouldn't write because they'd have to get jobs doing something else because the writing wouldn't pay the bills. Why the hell should someone's creation not be protected from theft? If I write an amazing novel, why should it be ok for someone else to put their name on it and distribute it everywhere? Why shouldn't I be allowed to sell products using someone else's logo? Without IP protection, you don't have IP and you won't have any incentive for people to try and create something better. I wouldn't work years on a project only to have some jackass steal it. Yeah, that pesky cartel, trying to protect their stuff. How dare they! This case isn't a case of the copyright cartel -- the content producers gave permission for usage. It's a case of inferior software being used. Copyright law isn't the problem, shitty software is. UStream ought to have a way to pre-authorize content to prevent this stuff from happening in the first place. They should have been more aware of the quirks of their system and planned accordingly. This is just an example of bad technical leadership on the Ustream team. You so beat me to the punch. I long for the days of the Power Glove. "Rent control protects tennants from higher prices.." That's bullshit. What rent control does is distorts the market so you have people hanging onto apartments when they may not need them. As a result, it creates shortages. When some dude in Soho NYC is paying $600 for a nice two bedroom, and his next door neighbor is paying $4500, then there's a big problem with that system. The population density is so low because the country is so damned big. China's pop density is 24th in the world. The US has a greater density than Sweeden. It sucks living in a beehive. I don't particularly want to share walls with random people unless I have to. There's no virtue in being crowded unless that's your thing. Suggesting that everyone should be crowded to fit some urban planner's idea of efficient is the real idiocy. The people making the rules don't live in 400sf apartments. San Francisco is a nice enough place, but I fail to see the attraction: high taxes, fees for everything you do, a fascist city council, homeless people pretty much do whatever they want and people that love to berate you for not driving a Prius. The geography of San Fran is nice but it's like living in an Al Gore version of Animal Farm. Aside from the weather, Texas is a far more logical place to be. In Austin, $3500 per month would buy a palace compared to San Fran. The real question: is Dotcom innocent of his alleged crimes? The real story is that if Dotcom was facilitating piracy. The technicality of if he was wire tapped illegally or not is important in theory, but it comes down to this: Dotcom would not be in trouble if he hadn't broken the law. If he was innocent, then this would be a big story. This is similar to someone caught in video robbing a store but beating the charge because of a technicality. Criminals winning cases on technicalities while still having committed the crime is not justice. Justice is getting punished for crimes actually committed. Justice is when innocent people are acquitted of crimes they did not commit. Turning Dotcom into somekind of folk hero is ridiculous. He became very wealthy by facilitating theft. It isn't like he was donating the proceeds to build schools for girls in Afghanistan. If he broke a potentially unfair law as a statement and did it for something other than getting rich, maybe then we could consider him something other than what he is -- a self-serving criminal. Apple has no intent to lock down their OS. Holy shit! Who gives a fuck about compasses. We get it. The guy in question is alleged to be a dick. This noise on HN about people debating types of compasses is like arguing over the arrangement of deck chairs on the Titanic. Next to the hero worship of Kim Dotcom, this is exactly why HN is a pain in the ass sometimes. Yet, I'm still F'ing reading it. Sigh. I wouldn't say Atlassian is an asset. Jira is horrible. Does it integrate with Pivotal Tracker? Jira is a pain in the ass. This sounds like a rationalization for a behavior he already does. Likely the author was used to two spaces so, rather than change, he instead creates a framework of justification. Using his logic, why not three spaces? Or four? Cry me a river. No one is forcing anyone to come to the US. I worked in China and Korea for over six years and employer-specific visas are standard operating procedure. Don't like it, simply go home. "Slavery" is such hyperbole. Slavery in America pays a hell of a lot more than 'freedom' in New Delhi. They could just raise the price to $1000 once they get close to the token limit. Developers aren't their target audience. Exactly. This is what happens in blue states: protectionism and regulation designed to benefit a defined constituency while screwing the majority. This law never would be passed or enforced in Texas. Which is entirely Democrat. Follow the money. Walden University is based in MN. Find our which politicians received the contributions. But Minnesota people will still continue voting for the same people so even if we did know, it's of no consequence. It's the same reason guys like Jesse Jackson Jr, and Marion Berry keep getting reelected year after year despite their obvious corruption and incompetence. The government loves their fees. You can't take a dump Minnesota without paying someone. Same in California. The FACTS are that Lawrence Pogemiller, director of the Minnesota Office of Higher Education is a Democrat. Pogemiller represented Minnesota Senate District 59. District 59 includes the University of Minnesota, the largest University in Minnesota. So yes, party is relevant to this discussion. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_Pogemiller I fixed EC2 using this one weird trick.. Android is open source? Cool! Where's the source code? But the cost-conscious consumer is typically less inclined to buy apps. This thread is relevant: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2929612 If Silver were predicting the race going the other way, Democrats would attack him. People tend to attack things that don't fit their desired outcomes. Leftists attack Fox for bias but they have no problem with the bias of MSNBC. It isn't bias people care about, it's bias against their own views. There are very few objective people. Taking video is not illegal in all states. http://www.citmedialaw.org/legal-guide/documenting-your-vote... "It's a foregone conclusion".. ?? Because of Nate Silver's statistical analysis of polls? The polls which themselves are flawed. The "statistics" are based on nothing but polls, all with margins of errors and varied methodology. A sample of 1000 people can hardly predict an entire state, because there are many factors that influence turnout that aren't captured in polls. Being the subject of a poll is generally a passive activity -- they come to you, while going to vote is an active activity. "Likely voters" is a very subjective term and thus a difficult thing to quantify. They don't "always" favor the republican. That's just hyperbole. There have been widespread reports of Romney votes being altered -- days ago. I think our biggest problem is voter registration flaws and the lack of being able to identify that the person listed on the form is the actual one voting. We should also be dipping people's thumbs in ink like they do in Africa and Mexico to ensure that people don't vote twice. Voter fraud is far more common than alleged insidious voting machine malfunctions. Those machines are checked by reps of both parties and under heavy, continual scrutiny. Voter rolls, on the other hand, or absentee ballots are rife with fraud. For example, thousands of military members won't get to vote this election because the department of defense failed to mail the ballots on time. In 2010, I lived in China and didn't get my absentee ballot until 1 month after the election, even though I requested it 6 months prior from the US Consulate in Shanghai. I was disenfranchised like millions of other legal voters, both civilian and military. Some people are more concerned about some old minority lady allegedly with the inability to get a free photo id, yet ignore the military and overseas vote. Yet for the old minority lady, she need only go to the local courthouse to get things straightened out, while a solider in Kabul doesn't have that luxury. Another problem is blantant violations of election law by generally Democrat election judges. Examples from today: http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/2012/11/06/judge-orders-oba... http://mrctv.org/blog/obama-poster-hanging-florida-polling-s... http://washingtonexaminer.com/philly-gop-poll-inspectors-bei... And voter intimidation here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2012/nov/6/problems-blac... If the KKK were to show up at a Philidelphia polling site, there'd be cries of outrage and National Guard deployments, but since it's the New Black Panthers, it's ignored. Ever dealt with a union election? That's exactly the problem with non secret ballots. You vote against unionization and thugs show up at your house. Union activists are among the most violent people around. Since when have Republicans passed laws to prevent anyone from voting? Polls are generally open 12 hours, plus there's early voting and absentee voting. "Working class" people have no less opportunity to vote than anyone else. Stop with the class-warfare nonsense. Define an "independent" organization. There's no such thing. All organizations are partisan. And MSNBC is credible? http://articles.baltimoresun.com/2012-11-02/entertainment/ba... However, Democrats have worked to make it more difficult for the military to vote when deployed. http://www.forbes.com/sites/rickungar/2012/09/26/obama-accus... Hugely pissed. My SSL site has been down since 10pm EST last night. It's a huge traffic day for us as well. Damn those AWS and Heroku jackasses. No excuse for this nonsense occurring almost regularly. I'm done with Heroku for good. You'd think AWS and Heroku would figure out some kind of way to handle it when AWS-East goes down. But I guess Heroku is too busy overcharging people to care. /rant 12:24 on 12/24. Interesting coincidence. What are the odds? And the developer ought to be fired. He cost me a considerable amount of money since my heroku site with SSL endpoint was down over 12 hours during one if our biggest days of the year. Of course, heroku still (over)bills me those hours for Dynos and Workers. I course, I am small potatoes compared to Netflix being down (while Amazon instant video wasn't.) Amazon is populated by jackasses apparently and Heroku isn't much better. Why the f*(k doesn't Heroku have some kind of fall-over or something to protect clients from the inevitable AWS-East failures? Buh, bye Heroku and AWS. Hello Bluebox. I run other apps on Bluebox and have never had any downtime except for some mild nonsense due to my own damned ignorance. Luckily the Blueboxers saved me from myself. AWS needs to get their shit together. The classified systems will still use Linux, luckily. Maybe this is off topic, but Referly looks suspiciously similar in design to Fab. Even down to similar image overlays. Perhaps I could write a blog explaining why I won't be using Referly due to a pretty unoriginal design and equally uninspiring concept. But, I've been up all night with a crying baby, so perhaps I'm being unnecessarily hostile. Real simple. Don't want to work for the 'man' and retire at 70 -- start your own damned company. Learn how to invest. Buy real estate. Do something. If you don't want to work until your 70, don't let yourself be dependent on the government (or your employer) for your retirement. Nobody is forced to be dependent unless they allow themselves to be. Many people own a car and a nice TV yet very few would be willing to put $30,000 down on buying their first rental property or invest in starting a company. It's easy to just let the government or an employer be your 'daddy.' It's much harder to take responsibility for your yourself and your own future. Perhaps someone shouldn't be trying to hang Sheetrock until they're 70. You'd think, after 20+ years of hanging Sheetrock, a person could start his own Sheetrock hanging company and hire others to do the labor. I have little sympathy for those who took their entire lives without any sort of ambition to advance. It's not my job to pay for the retirement of other people. It's the individual's job to take care of their own life and responsibilities. However, we obviously need a safety net to protect those who might become disabled but the safety net ought not be the primary means for the able bodied to take care of themselves at retirement. If it's a taxpayer-funded database it ought to be free. However, privately created databases shouldn't necessarily be free.. It costs money to assemble data, even public records, so for someone to do the work of compilation and have that work be unprotected will provide a disincentive for people to create the databases in the first place. I would. Make it like Railscasts and charge similarly and I would subscribe today. I would suggest very concrete lessons designed around a specific task. 5-10 minute lessons with a comments section and source code on github. Make it where I can login using my github account.. I would follow the railscast pricing model as well. Free + a Pro plan. Railscast's system is awesome. I would follow what has been proven successful. Good luck! There's so much that CAN be taught about UX. It's a skill like any other. The problem with all the information available out their is that it's disjointed, often outdated and you have to wade through Tina of crap to find anything useful. Another wasted 'investment' by the government in so-called green energy. Between the billions of dollars wasted on Solyndra, Fiskar and that cohort, we could have cut taxes and made it easier for successful companies to grow and expand. Instead we subsidize losing products while increasing the regulatory and tax burden on small businesses making it an exceptionally difficult growth environment. Electric cars might be nice in theory but their environmental impact is far worse than the normal cars we have today. The components in the batteries for instance produce far more pollutants in ther manufacture than a gasoline car produces in 5 years. Yet, electric cars "feel" good despite the irony that they do nothing to improve the environment. Mac ports and Fink? Apparently 2008 called and they want their stuff back. Sorry, but you obviously have never run a multinational internet company, nor do you seem to know anything about corporate VPNs. Nearly every large corporation in the world uses VPNs for employee computers. The "majority" of VPN users are not people trying to "hide" illicit activity, the majority are highly security conscious or they're road-warriors on questionable hotel connections among a variety of other non-criminal use cases. When we started icouch.me while in Shanghai, China, PayPal flagged my account and constantly locked it even though I jumped through their hoops "proving" our legitimacy and that no transactions (at that time) were actually China-originated. Just the simple fact that I logged on from China caused us to get locked out of our payments for up to weeks at a time (even though they still had no problem collecting the fees from our still-incoming transactions.) Then once I got that nonsense sorted, I started traveling more frequently for the company. So when I arrived in New York City, once again I was locked out of my account for 5 business days for "security" reasons, even though we've never had a single chargeback or any sort of security complaint or issue. Then I worked out of Texas for several weeks and once again, my account was locked. Despite the fact that we had the same US corporate bank account since 2010 (when the company was first founded.) By using a VPN, I was able to ensure my US "presence" to manage our business without PayPal's ridiculously retarded IP-detection security lockouts. I've since told paypal to go suck an egg and we use Stripe for everything. When a company like PayPal can hold my operational funds hostage for weeks at a time with no way to clear it up expeditiously, then they just became thieves. They're making interest off of MY money while I can't access it. If they were "really" worried about security, then they'd block all transactions as well. But no, they have no problem taking money. Interestingly, the credit bureau websites are locked to US only IPs as well. So if you have a subscription to some credit-monitoring service, they'll gladly take your money even if you can't access their services with a non-US IP address. Those folks can all go to hell. It isn't my problem that some russian and nigeria scam artists have a tendency to cause problems. The IP address isn't the issue -- it's the security of their overall application. They're using geo-location as a shorthand for actually doing their job in securing their site. Interestingly, I can access my US Chase bank account, my Simple account, Fidelity Investment account, Stripe from around the world without any sort of of VPN, yet somehow PayPal can't seem to figure out how to get security or customer service right. There are man-in-the-middle attacks that can cause problems with https. http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2011/09/man-in-the-mid... And you know that how?? Hey jackass. I am an actual entrepreneur that told PayPal to f'off AFTER they held several weeks of income hostage because I logged in from Shanghai. It's not the "entrepreneurs" that are the problem, it's the fact that a company like PayPal gets away with harming our businesses while catering to grandma's trading beanie babies. Developers and entrepreneurs alike STILL use PayPal -- at least until they themselves get burned. Stories like these are important because it should remind us to tell companies like PayPal where to go. As far as "entitled" -- hell yes we're entitled. The developers here on HN make the apps that use the services like PayPal -- they/we have a right to demand that PayPal not suck. PayPal has a right to not listen, but we certainly have the right to complain and take our business elsewhere and as a community of spoiled, entitled, not-actual entrepreneurs we should ALL tell PayPal to pound sand. Exactly. PayPal would rather just ban the "thing" rather than try to actually do their jobs and solve the security issues. The IP address shouldn't matter -- it's the data that comes from the IP. They want to ban "guns" as a shorthand for actually trying to catch criminals. Braintree can handle it. Gold won't be dead. I actually know and have worked with Tom Black extensively. He was an instructor with me at General Assembly in NYC and, after being in the Ruby education space, it's clear there is a market for great developer education courses. The target market isn't the typical hacker news reader, it's the job seeker looking to expand their marketability. There are plenty of 'free' resources to learn cooking, yet there is still a huge demand for cooking schools. Many of us don't think twice about paying for Railscasts or CodeSchool because they provide value to the user. I don't think there is anything wrong with selling a high quality instructional product to people who make be overwhelmed by the variety of free and occasionally dubious offerings. When I was getting started, the Rails Tutorial was a bargain at around $100. I can't speak for the quality of Tom's product (yet,) but there is certainly a demand and a need for quality programs for new developers. Given some of the utter nonsense I've seen on kickstarter, this is a worthy project. Lol. Tell that to every SilVal wannabe startup begging for seed funding. Being entrepreneurial IS about gathering reasorces to make your idea happen. Kickstarter shouldn't exist so some guy can raise money to sell 3d printers either, but that happens all the time. Don't worry, the one who posted that Steve was a sociopath is apparently a 'hacker' which gives them qualifications in diagnosing mental illnesses based on 2nd and 3rd hand conjuncture without having met the 'patient.' Right, because Apple would have been one of the most significant technology companies in the world under the apt leadership of Gil Amelio. Secondly, the house metaphor about ignoring the carpenter and contractor is silly. Comparing Jobs to an interior designer is complete ignorance -- Jobs didn't "decorate" technology -- he saw what technology could potentially accomplish and pushed his teams to execute that vision. He wasn't arranging digital throw pillows -- he was reinventing how people interact and use their "houses." That contractor and carpenter build what the designer/architect create. Contractors and carpenters, while certainly skilled tradesmen, are merely inputs to a system. Inputs are generally interchangeable. There are very, very few contruction projects that require one specific carpenter's skills. I can find thousands of carpenters (and hackers) who can built competently. But it's rare that you find a hacker (or anyone) that has the vision, and executive ability to create something like Apple, Google or Microsoft, just as a carpenter might be able to build a Frank Lloyd Wright home from a blueprint, most carpenters wouldn't be able to concieve of that final product, having never seen it before. Who can name the carpenter of a Frank Lloyd Wright home? Who cares? The person living in the house certainly doesn't care about the individual inputs -- they care about the finished product. The ability to take disparate inputs and create something magical, amazing, useful and functional. Dennis Ritchie, while certainly the father or pretty much most of what we do on computers, doesn't matter to the general public. People love to also suggest that Elon Musk of Tesla as a visionary as well, but without Michael Faraday, electric motor technology might not have developed as it has. Genius always stands on the shoulders of greatness, but let's also remember that simply inventing some technology or another doesn't make one a "genius" or even a groundbreaking figure -- it's the application of that technology into a form that benefits society. Theories of flight don't matter a bit until someone like the Wright Brothers actually build the damned thing. The C Language or electric motors didn't matter one bit to the world (aside from academics) until some follow-on "genius" actually does something with it. Steve Jobs, while maybe not a hacker under the definition used amongst a select group of disgruntled HN-snobs, did something bigger than simply "hacking" -- he turned a group of inputs (highly talented to be sure) into products and companies that changed the world. It's called jealousy. People love to cut others down without having invented anything on their own. Actually there are dozens of software and hardware patents with Job's name on them. People scream about paying 0.99 for an app on the App Store yet App.net thinks all of the free-chasers are going to want to pay for yet another social network and one that has no ubiquity? Good luck to them. Maybe HN readers get paid less because they waste coding time reading HN instead of working. Here's an experiment. Let's give 92% of all of the income that the rich people make to the poor. How much will there be to go around? Not enough by a long shot. If we taxed the rich at 100% it wouldn't even cover the budget deficit for one year. But, these folks that make a fairly middle income suggesting that someone else give more are exactly the problem. No one wants to give more when it reduces their quality of life. There are plenty of people waiting for kidney transplants, yet when was the last time a New Yorker writer went to volunteer to give up a kidney for someone he's never met? America should ask why manufacturing has left the US. Rising costs. Yet what has caused costs to rise? It isn't like greed is a new invention. Something has changed though .. Burdensome regulation and unfettered litigation for one. Have you ever tried to open a factory in California? Good luck. It can take years and sometimes a decade due to NIMBY politics. In China, you can have a factory opened in just over a year -- construction and government approvals included. I won't suggest we turn into China but the extreme on the other end is what we're facing. The increasing numbers of poor are the result of an economic environment that is primarily caused by limousine left wingers that think they've been anointed guardians of everyone else's destiny. They'd rather stop a factory from being built and have the potential workers in poverty from which they can eventually be saved by government intervention. The cite boogey men such as "CO2" yet, poverty causes for death than CO2 ever has. The rich CEOs aren't stealing from the people, they're players within the system just like everyone else. They don't make the laws. As far as rich, there are plenty of $120,000 per year developers on HN that wouldn't think of working for $60k. To a poor person, 60k is a fortune. I think some religious figure once said something about casting the first stone.. There was another dude from India that mentioned something about all life being suffering. There will always be poor people because life has winners and losers. To suggest any different is to revisit the 'prosperity' of the Soviet Union in the 1950s. So should the Stanleys get paid more? Let's say the CEO makes $15 million leading 10,000 workers. Let's just pay the CEO zero and divide up the money. We can give each worker a $1500 yearly raise. Sure, that'll change things. What CEO who has proven his value at leading the large organization would work for nothing? There's a scarcity of CEO skills and an abundance of lower skilled labor. Supply and demand are unbreakable laws of nature. If I am at a pure mountain stream, why would I pay a guy standing next to me $5 for a cup of water from that same stream? If I'm in the desert, I would have no problem paying $20 for that same cup. Interestingly, many folks asking other people to get paid less or contribute more have no problem consuming other people's hard work for free -- specifically folks that have no problem with software piracy, for instance. Under some theories, the CEO is getting rich "off the work of others," yet hypocritically, people seem to have no problem pirating music and software -- which is effectively getting "rich" off of someone else's work. Maybe that's the same logic used explain the no fly list.. "The danger of someone being on there that shouldn't be is outweighed by the 'safety' gained." Traffic cameras, NSA surveillance -- the parallel is pretty clear. One solution is to simply use the down voting system already in place, so posts (and people) are judged by the community in a transparent way. Perhaps require a minimum karma limit before being allowed to post; new users can earn karma through comments. Then "bad" users would lose the karma through down votes and the community would have effectively "banned" the user from posting. I'm not familiar with the hell-banning system (I have better things to do than study HN minutia ,) however it seems like, to be banned there ought to be perhaps some more transparency. Or at least a warning system. If there is and I don't know about it, please disregard previous..) a 50% retention rate? That's not very good. That means that after you've installed Linux, half of the people switch back. Have you spent any time on the Verizon or Sirius XM sites? How about the average multinational insurance company? "Among the worst corporate sites" is a huge leap, considering the profound amount of crap. Spending 5 minutes using the average electronic medical records (EMR) web application would be enough to make your hair fall out. Forget about interoperability of EMR formats. It's a mess. I'm not defending Apple at all, I've spent many nights throwing iPhones over the provisioning and certificate process, but to me, the outcome of surviving that process is that I'm making money from the apps, so it's not ideal, but at least my iOS users are actually paying me money, as opposed to Android users that, as a group tend to expect something for nothing. We ought to also look at the inefficiencies of the Android system while we're here. 35% of users are still on Gingerbread! You can't really expect to earn money as a developer if you ignore 35% of your target market, with iOS we have over 90% running iOS 6 and only about 6% running Android 4.2, which means that developers can't take advantage of a new Android feature without leaving behind the majority of their market, or creating multiple versions and then on top of that, having to test on a myriad of different hardware configurations. The fact also remains that Android users are generally cheap -- they don't like to pay for apps. So you have a highly fragmented OS environment, coupled with a user base that, in generally spends much less that iOS users and, on top of that, you have a royal mess in the copy-protection scheme used in Android -- which had to be disabled in Jelly Bean due to it breaking apps. Of course, the security in Android is top notch! Great job on that Google. If we want to talk inefficiencies with Apple, we certainly can, but to ignore the Google mess is disingenuous. As far as the effect of Apple's "inefficiencies," is it really affecting them? Are people still buying apps and computers? My last point is that the assertion of Apple "stubbornly refusing to see the flaws.." That's interesting, because unless one works for Apple at a level high enough to be involved in the conversation, that suggestion is merely conjecture. That's right up there with the pundits being disappointed that iWatch has been delayed, despite having no proof or any acknowledgment from Apple that even such a product exists. There's an easy solution to not having to deal with Apple's "inefficiencies" -- don't deal with Apple and go make your money with all of the people paying money for Android apps. Or, respond to one of the hundreds of job listings at Apple and do something about it. How many times has AWS gone down taking with it half the web? That to me is a bigger issue than not being able to download iOS beta 3 for a few days. Ok, don't think it's credible. The rest of us who've received the email can talk about it in the meantime. I'm thinking of posting an article about this cool new framework called Ruby on Rails. I think the HN crowd would dig it. I'm sure you knew that Social Work is low paid before you invested in such a degree. While it's a valuable field hypothetically, who actually hires a social work master degree person -- no company that actually expects a profit. As a result the market doesn't value such qualifications. Just sayin'. With software, engineers are hired to add value to a company which means they can make more money, which is kind of the point of a company in the first place. There's also a supply and demand issue. Low demand for Social Work and an oversupply. Social Work is almost as low-valued as an English literature degree. I'm not hating on Social Work, but your plight is certainly no surprise and elicits little sympathy as social work has never been a high demand profession but folks still spend tens of thousands of dollars in schooling and wonder why they aren't getting hired. Read the Lean Startup. Then build something. Who cares if you don't have the answers to problems you don't yet have? Startups are businesses first. If you make a product people want, even if it's badly engineered, that's a much better situation than being an expert hacker with an awesomely engineered product that nobody wants. If you have traction, you can hire people better than you to fill in the gaps. Besides, nobody gives a shit about algorithms. ;) At least it wasn't that annoying Kaspersky nut, We never would have heard the end of it. I'm hope you were able to understand the grey vs. green! I suppose they could have used blinking text. Better yet, blinking red text with double strike-throughs. And, an auto-play theme song with the player controllers hidden in the footer. Anything to make it more obvious so we don't get misled into thinking grey actually meant: "This service is actually functioning, just ignore the bright green, those mean that the service is also functioning. At Apple, we think different and that starts with using two colors that mean the same thing so as to give an image that we're perfect and never make mistakes." This has nothing to do with an "all knowing central authority." This only affects people selling or developing using Apple's tools or distibution. Turning this into George Orwell borders on ridiculous. When AWS goes down, which is far more frequent than the Apple Dev center, are you still making tin foil hat assumptions, despite the fact that AWS outages affect a significant portion of the web, while the dev center means that we can't download a particular tool to build an App that obstensibly makes us money. If the freeway gets shut down because of an accident, I don't think we equate that with a totalitarian plot. If I subscribed to Art Bell/Coast to Coast theories of the world, I'd be far more concerned about Google (and Facebook) than Apple. Google's product is you, sold to advertisers. Apple's product is primarily hardware. Apple has no financial incentive to know everything about you because that data doesn't really help them sell more stuff, if it does, it's marginal. While with Google, the more they know, the more they can then sell that information in the form of targeted advertising. Remember, Google is the one that wants(ed) to store health records. They store every single search query, indexed by IP, and if you're logged into to Gmail, to your name and every email you've ever sent. I don't hate Google or Apple, but to bring up some dystopian future because a dev center is down? Perhaps they ought to disclose the IP address of the possible hack along with the method and specific technologies targeted in the breach. They should also provide the names and email addresses of the engineers helping fix the problem. They should have personally called every developer within the first 2 hours of the problem to inform them of exactly what line of code led to this utter mayhem. I'm not sure how this affects their credibility at all. Does knowing within the first 10 seconds of the problem help you sell more apps or do your job any better? Did they make some kind of bullshit excuse? I think the emails I received were pretty clear. Remember that AWS failed two times in two weeks last year and they completely disabled AWS API access during those failures, which doesn't affect us downloading Xcode or dealing with provisioning, that affects live, production apps, that for many mean serious money. Remember how Also, let's compare Amazon's response to a 2012 failure. The failure happened on a Friday night, taking completely out, a large number of web sites and applications, including Netflix, Pinterest and important to many developers, Heroku. Yet, it wasn't until Monday, that they released a statement explaining why, even when it was crystal clear it was power related. The kind of breach that Apple must have experience probably wasn't able to be forensically identified until many hours after the initial failure, yet in Amazon's case it was a power failure, which doesn't take a genius to need three days to release a statement. I'm not defending Apple, but I am suggesting that our knee-jerk reactions be tempered by reality and how other companies have performed under similar situations. I love pseudo-haikus wrapped in dystopian drama. we should file a bug report that the dev center is down. That would be metafun. EDIT: (I forgot to use the tag.) Apologies all. So apparently the existing legacy technologies make reliable and scalable systems? A 'fad' technology that works is better than old technology that doesn't.