I've lost access to my account. Attempting to login to sillysaurus2 redirects me to https://news.ycombinator.com/null and doesn't actually process the login. I'm genuinely sorry, and I've sent an email to apologize. Moral of the story: Don't do what I just did. It earned me 10 upvotes followed by an instaban. the new Hacker News API allows easy programmatic access of story/comments and infinite chronological paging. You could download every Hacker News story in less than 2 hours without breaking the API request limit. Which API? https://www.google.com/search?q=hacker+news+api Using that API, you could download 48,000 hacker news stories in 2 days, so if there have been less than 48,000 submissions, then what minimaxir said is true. But first you'd need to generate a list of all 48,000 story ids, and there seems to be no way to actually do that. When trying to access page 2 via that endpoint: http://hn.algolia.com/api/v1/search_by_date?tags=story&hitsP... "you can only fetch the 1000 hits for this query, contact us to increase the limit" It was a nice try, but it did seem too good to be true. That's incredible. Will you upload the raw database somewhere, please? If you make a torrent, I'll help seed it. Would you email me at sillysaurus3@gmail.com whenever it's ready? This isn't a defense of Apple's choices, but: Using public implementations for crypto code has been difficult until pretty recently. There didn't exist many high-quality, trustworthy, public implementations of the types of crypto that real-world systems have wanted to do. Even now, the situation is pretty grim for anyone who wants to integrate crypto code into an existing large codebase. The canonical answer is "just use NaCl." However, I've had developers outright refuse to use NaCl because "it's so hard to compile." They were saying NaCl has some issues compiling on certain types of architectures, and issues compiling as a dynamic library. When libsodium was suggested in response, they retorted that libsodium was "NaCl but with modifications by people other than the ones you'd want making modifications to crypto code." In other words, libsodium purports to be "NaCl, but easy to integrate into your project," yet the reason it's easy to integrate is because someone other than recognized cryptography experts fiddled around with NaCl until it was easy to compile. So apparently it's an open question whether libsodium is as trustworthy as NaCl, and NaCl is a pain to integrate. All of this implies that the current situation is still not very good as of 2014 for people who want to just do crypto safely and in some standard way. And rather than writing that code in 2014, Apple had to write it years ago, when the situation was far more painful than the present day's shortcomings. To answer your question, yes, there are public implementations which could theoretically be used. But actually using them is... difficult. Not nearly as difficult or as error-prone as rolling your own, but perhaps difficult enough where someone who isn't an expert in cryptography might make the dire mistake of believing that rolling their own is less difficult. I wish Matasano would publish an open-source crypto library. An "NaCl that's easy to use and that people actually trust." They have the resources and the credit to pull it off. Alternatively, I wish we could gather funds to have them audit libsodium. Also, all of this is based on the assumption that NaCl or libsodium actually meet the needs of what Apple was trying to do with this crypto code. It probably doesn't, because NaCl / libsodium provides a complete replacement to the entire crypto stack of an application. To take a wild guess, I'm thinking that Apple needs to implement / interact with some other kinds of crypto than what NaCl/libsodium provide. For example, certificate validation. So then you'd suggest "use cryptlib!" but this is hampered by the fact that in addition to all the previous considerations, cryptlib also isn't free. What you say is true. But security through obscurity doesn't work, because people are very good at reverse engineering and decompiling. So your choices are either: open source your crypto code and suffer some embarrassments which people will forget and forgive, or have closed source crypto code that either doesn't work or can be exploited in subtle ways. Pick your poison. :) 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 is less secure than just using scrypt, and probably less secure than just using bcrypt. But the code looks correct as written. It seems like a red flag that it took more than 50 lines of code to do this simple thing, though. EDIT: Specifically, should the PBKDF2 "key", not be used for something (like HMAC) rather than being used as the hash itself? Using the output of 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 as an input to HMAC wouldn't get you any extra security. Is this true? Hmm... It seems I was wrong. Well, damn. Oh well. Wow. Check out the people who lost serious money on MtGox: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1yv26o/gox_horror_s... One person lost 1998 btc. That was anywhere from $500,000 to a million bucks. I thought it was interesting that a programmer with foresight could make ~$235k in a matter of a few days due to the mtgox problems. Their total volume was 29385 BTC of which they earned 2%, which is 587 BTC. >Out of curiosity, what's your opinion on crypto-currencies that aren't deflationary? Now, that sounds like a good idea. But at that point, we're talking about a cryptocurrency equivalent of real grown-up money I'm extremely amused, because Dogecoin is inflationary. So Dogecoin is "real grown-up money" by your definition. It's not even as simple as a failure to communicate. It's hard not to conclude that they outright lied. First it was malleability, then it was "we're waiting on bitcoin developers," then it was "we've moved due to protesters and security problems," and now it's "we've closed our site due to recent news reports." I wonder when precisely they realized that >700,000btc were missing. $400,000 is a life-changing amount of money for the vast majority of people on the planet, let alone Americans. I believed in Mark (the owner of MtGox) and his team, defending them vigorously, and got screwed as a consequence. The support staff was on IRC every day saying "Yes, we have customers' funds. No, we aren't insolvent. Everything is fine, everything will be fine." They answered every question in a level-headed fashion. They were either being paid to lie, or being fed lies, or somehow MtGox didn't become aware of the fact that they were missing >700,000btc until a day or two before they shut off their website. So I was pretty gullible. And I just want to thank Patrick (patio11) for being a constant throughout this whole ordeal: constantly skeptical, and with good reason. Other users will see it. If the computer remembered every modification of every document, then users would be protected from incidents like this. Could you give a source on that MK statement? It's the first I've heard of it. This document seems like fairly conclusive evidence that they've lost access to >700,000 bitcoins, because there's no reason for them to spend time putting together the document otherwise. Quick question: What's preventing Coinbase from shutting down operations tomorrow and walking away with everyone's money, as MtGox walked away with mine? Or, what if the founders orchestrated some sort of disaster wherein all of the coins are claimed to be lost, but in reality they're simply transferred to the founders? I know they wouldn't actually do that. My question is, what's stopping them? Why wouldn't someone try to do that, other than their morals? The promise of future profits amounting to more than what they would walk away with today That's exactly the same argument I used to justify why MtGox wouldn't shut down, almost word for word. It's the same argument I used to convince myself why they wouldn't shut down. They still shut down. They're not anonymous, and they would run a real risk of bodily harm by such a public crime. So we're relying on mob justice? Also, Mr. Karpeles hasn't been harmed and probably won't be. The article links this wallet: https://blockchain.info/charts/received-per-day?address=1Drt... But that was a Bitstamp wallet, not an MtGox wallet. To bypass the paywall: TOKYO—A lawyer for Mt. Gox announced at a news conference at the Tokyo District Court that the embattled bitcoin exchange was filing for bankruptcy protection and that Mt. Gox had outstanding debt of about ¥6.5 billion ($63.6 million). The exchange has been under fire from investors since it stopped bitcoin withdrawals in early February, citing a technical issue that potentially made fraudulent withdrawals possible. On Tuesday, Mt. Gox, which at one point handled more than 80% of trades in the virtual currency, stopped all transactions, dealing the severest blow to the bitcoin industry yet and raised concerns about a lack of protection for users. Several Mt. Gox investors say they have little hope of recovering their funds, with some individual investors saying they had bitcoins valued at hundreds of thousands of dollars in Mt. Gox. Should Mark Karpeles go to jail? It's a question I've asked myself many times over the past couple days. On one hand, there may be a chilling effect if Karpeles is sent to jail, because fewer companies may be willing to participate in an area where the penalty for failure is time behind bars. On the other hand, it feels very inequitable and unjust that Karpeles made millions off of MtGox, lost our money and then is free to enjoy life. But this is a vengeful mindset, and it seems counterproductive. Is it really just a bad situation with no recourse? Karpeles walks, MtGox shuts down, and everyone's money is gone. Poof. The most persuasive argument for jailtime seems to be that if he's not penalized, then others may attempt to orchestrate similar disasters. Bitcoin has a very, very small chance at becoming the next gold standard, but it's a chance nonetheless. Therefore whoever is willing to flaunt the law and steal >5% of all bitcoins that will ever be created has a very, very small chance at becoming extremely powerful in the future, and wealthy in the short term. I don't know. There's probably nothing to be done, and taking away years of a person's life out of a sense of retribution probably isn't the best answer. Should the owner Mark Karpeles go to jail? On one hand, there may be a chilling effect if Karpeles is sent to jail, because fewer companies may be willing to participate in an area where the penalty for failure is time behind bars. On the other hand, it feels very inequitable and unjust that Karpeles made millions off of MtGox, lost our money and then is free to enjoy life. But that's a vengeful mindset, and it seems counterproductive. Is it really just a bad situation with no recourse? Karpeles walks, MtGox shuts down, and everyone's money is gone. Poof. The most persuasive argument for jailtime seems to be that if he's not penalized, then others may attempt to orchestrate similar disasters. Bitcoin has a very, very small chance at becoming the next gold standard, but it's a chance nonetheless. Therefore whoever is willing to flaunt the law and steal >5% of all bitcoins that will ever be created has a very, very small chance at becoming extremely powerful in the future, and wealthy in the short term. I don't know. There's probably nothing to be done, and taking away years of a person's life out of a sense of retribution probably isn't the best answer. What does everyone think? My observation is simply that the future is unknown, and therefore a greedy actor would benefit greatly from stealing >5% of a currency. The most straightforward way to do this is to set up a popular exchange and orchestrate a disaster which is secretly a theft. Since there's no way to prove it, and since bitcoin wallets can lay dormant for decades, there's at least some incentive to do this. Should jailtime be on the table for gross negligence? I'm just interested in everyone's thoughts on the matter. Some info here: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1z37zw/mt_gox_has_a... "MtGox still has at least 200k BTC" Here are the possibilities, as far as I can tell: 1) That information is inaccurate. 2) MtGox lost their private keys. 3) The private keys were kept in a bank vault, which was seized by a foreign entity like the US government at some earlier time. 4) MtGox stole the coins. The management of MtGox knows which of these is correct, but they probably aren't going to say. For convenience, here's the full text of the update: March 2, 2014 To anyone concerned Mark Karpeles MtGox Co., Ltd. Shibuya-ku, Tokyo ANNOUNCEMENT REGARDING AN APPLICATION FOR COMMENCEMENT OF A PROCEDURE OF CIVIL REHABILITATION An overview of the situation should be published here shortly (probably on March 3, 2014 (Japan time)). Contact information A call center has been established to respond to all inquiries. The call center is planned to start on March 3, 2014. All inquiries to MtGox Co., Ltd. should be made to the following telephone number: Telephone number +81 3-4588-3921 Working hours Monday to Friday 10am to 5pm (Japan time) Please refrain from contacting the office of the supervisor/investigator. Is the only solution really to give up on your own desires? (Or to force yourself to desire the things you list?) Actually, there seems to be no correlation between working hard and becoming the next Airbnb. Working hard is necessary the same way intelligence is necessary: past a certain threshold, other things matter more. And if a metric has no correlation with mega-success, then investing based on that metric is a mistake. (If working harder was correlated with mega success, then the winners would be easy to pick out: invest in anyone whose team spends all their time on the startup. But many startups do that yet still fail, so it must be true that those extra 20 hours per week shouldn't factor into any any investor's decision making process, counterintuitively.) Let's not make up charges without evidence. Isn't it a bit hypocritical that the US should tell Russia not to get involved? We had no right to go into Iraq, for example. If an entity is able to exercise political power, and there's an advantage to do so, then it seems inevitable that the entity will always do so. At the very least, I wish people would stop comparing downloading movies and music from the internet as stealing. Games released via Steam have shown evidence that when a singleplayer game is unavailable as a torrent for free, then people will pay for it. The counterargument to this is that most people who torrent wouldn't pay for it anyway. But I assert that there is a third class of people: those who first check to see if it's available for free, and if not, pay for it. Whether these people constitute a significant portion of revenue is an open question, but it's hard to classify their actions from a moral standpoint as something other than stealing. The closest classification other than "stealing" would probably be "sampling." I've often been frustrated at an inability to try out a certain kind of dev tool before buying it outright, and their free version is usually missing features which I really need to test. But there needs to be a large-scale study as to whether people really behave this way normally, or if they just take what they can get for free. Unfortunately it's difficult to find an unbiased source of funding for such a study, so the resulting research paper would probably be slanted in one moral direction or the other instead of presenting the raw data. It's not an easy question to answer. I think technological capabilities will decide how companies will behave, because those who don't accept reality will go out of business. Could it be a confusion of definition? Some would define stealing as, "You have no right to be enjoying my work unless you have paid me what I ask. It's your right to choose not to pay me and look for a different product." Please consider typing out a full English translation. If you post your bitcoin address here, then I'm sure plenty of people here will pay you some coin for your effort. Testing does not improve systems security, as evidenced by Ruby on Rails: Rails uses testing and it's insecure. This is an important and valuable point. He wasn't discouraging new ideas, but rather pointing out how hard it is to make new ideas practical in the security arena. What's necessary is to get at least two experienced cryptographers thinking about every piece of security-critical code, because that's what will prevent bugs. It's also why security audits are so expensive: they work. The code absolutely should have had clearer comments, since if every step were commented then some of the return value confusion may have been avoided. The style of the code itself probably isn't as terrible as it seems at first glance, though. It's also not easy to write useful unit tests for a security stack. Thinking correct things is more valuable than thinking popular things. They'll come around to your point of view in time. If not expert cryptographers, than at least expert C programmers. I was trying to be diplomatic, but blunt is perhaps better for clarity: no expert C programmer should have any trouble reading and comprehending the syntax of the code in question, which is mainly what the parent poster was calling out. https://www.gitorious.org/gnutls/gnutls/commit/0fba2d908da6d... It's probably tempting to think that unit testing might save us from security failures. People have written many words on both sides. But how many of us have actually tried it? No one who hasn't tried (and tried hard ) to see whether unit testing works has any business arguing for (or against) unit testing. We simply don't have enough data to know whether it's valuable. And the fact that unit testing works in domains other than security isn't evidence that unit testing would produce any kind of benefit in computer security. What's getting lost in the noise here, I think, is that it's important to zoom out and think about a broad overview of how difficult compsec is. Think about all the different situations that require security. Even something as seemingly simple and straightforward as an OS-level copy-paste mechanism requires thinking about security. Could you write unit tests to cover all security situations? How about all possible situations? If not all possible situations, then why? What's the difference between a situation that you can unit test and one that you can't? Is it possible to write a unit test that checks whether there's a sequence of steps a user could take to exploit an OS-level copy-paste mechanism? Can you unit test the efficacy of a TCP/IP stack? Is it possible to unit test whether the Debian OpenSSL PRNG is being fed with sufficient bits of entropy? Can you unit test whether the colors of your website are pleasing? The most interesting answer to those questions isn't "yes" or "no." The most interesting answer is "maybe." Because "maybe" means nobody knows, and that's fundamentally interesting. It's possible that it's possible to write unit tests for domains that nobody has thought of yet. (Yes, even tests that automatically infer whether your website's colors are pleasing to humans.) Could unit testing have saved us from this one particular case? Maybe. But is it possible to write unit tests in the general case? Maybe not. But you, I, and everyone else doesn't know until we actually try. It could be impossible, or if not impossible then infeasible, or if not infeasible in a dynamic language then infeasible in C libraries. On the flipside, if you investigate, and you come up with a way of writing unit tests in the general case for security libraries, then you may have just discovered a breakthrough in how cryptographers can write security libraries. Because if it's possible to write useful unit tests in the general case for security libraries, then you will have demonstrated something that most cryptographers generally disbelieve, the same way that people disbelieve that it's possible to unit test whether colors are pleasing. So get to work! There's nobody stopping anyone from right now going and trying to write those unit tests. Try it, write a blog post about your experience and the hardships, write about what you've learned. I guarantee it will be interesting. All I'm saying is that we should be experienced before we advocate or dismiss an idea, and the only way to get experience is to try it out. I'd love to eventually work on that kind of stuff full time- how would one go about making the transition? Do you basically have to learn/work on projects like this during your free time, and hope your "portfolio" gets you a job? It's really that easy, as strange as it sounds. Just find some graphics stuff you like doing, and do it a lot. I submitted this because I just realized it's been half a decade since this was written, so if it's true then we should be able to see some evidence of whether or not Apple actually made a mistake. Has the essay turned out to be true? Mistaken? Or possibly true in the future? And if Apple made no mistake, then what does that bode for the future of programming? I just can't bring myself to mundane, boring work. Most work is. Be careful not to squander your opportunities, though. Once you leave grad school, you don't really get to be around that type of environment anymore, for better or worse. (I mean opportunities like being among people who share your personal interests, not financial or business opportunities. Though those are there too, if that's what you want.) if they offer him 100 days in jail if he pleads guilty, or 100 years in jail if he's convicted, it would make sense to plead guilty from a pure risk management perspective, even if he has an enormously strong case. I'm not so sure about that. Imagine the terrible precedent you'd set. EDIT: Risk aversion is sometimes toxic to society. What if it's a charge you know to be bogus, or that you really didn't do anything wrong? Would people willingly go to jail for a crime they know they didn't commit? If it's hazy about whether what they did was a crime, that's a different matter though. And it's a little frustrating to see prosecutors trump up charges to get an easy plea bargain. Maybe there should be some limit between the max sentence and the min plea sentence, so that they can't throw 50-year threats around without at least a 5-year plea bargain. I wonder, as the world moves to cloud computing, will there be much difference between "hosting" and "linking"? Documents are digital, but "digital" used to mean that the bits were on a device that you own, which is becoming less true with time. Does the location of bits on a harddrive determine guilt, or does the intent to distribute the protected information? If intent, then is linking intent? Why did it become socially acceptable for prosecutors to throw around 100-year threats, though? It seems like the only reason that's not a crime is because they're the legal system. Maybe there should be a limit on the span between maximum threat and minimum sentence, so that 100-year threats can't be thrown around unless the minimum plea is at least 5-10 years. That would make a prosecutor hesitate to employ such a powerful weapon, because the defendant would be more willing go to trial in that scenario, which reduces their chances of landing that conviction. Ah, thank you. So does anyone know what maximum threat he's actually facing? Is it true to say "no one really knows precisely how much of a threat he's facing"? The justice system is usually precise, so it seems odd that a precise maximum can't readily be found in this case. Do you think the maximum is probably more than 10 years? EDIT: I see you've run the numbers in your other comment, sorry: 1028 imposes a maximum sentence of 15 years for the gravest crime listed in the statute. Assuming he is found (or pleads guilty) this yields a likely maximum sentence of 17 years, or a potential maximum sentence of no more than 33 years. Does this seem excessive? Late in life and after his death Hoover became a controversial figure, as evidence of his secretive actions became known. His critics have accused him of exceeding the jurisdiction of the FBI.[1] He used the FBI to harass political dissenters and activists, to amass secret files on political leaders,[2] and to collect evidence using illegal methods.[3] Hoover consequently amassed a great deal of power and was in a position to intimidate and threaten sitting Presidents.[4] However, according to biographer Kenneth Ackerman, the notion that Hoover’s secret files kept presidents from firing him is a myth.[5] Seems some on Wikipedia disagree... Sad to say, but this is probably correct. Bitcoin's anonymity for private keys is also its greatest weakness right now. In the case of disaster, there's no way to prove whether a private key was lost, stolen by an external party, or stolen by the founders. Bank accounts are much easier to audit. Perhaps engineers' actual value is far in excess of their salaries? It seems like if it wasn't, there'd be no reason to collude. Does anyone collude to prevent bakers from switching bakeries? Really? That's very interesting. Do you have a link or further info about that? It's their right to stay private if they want to. What seems odd is that so many people are trying to unmask them. Also, if Nakamoto wishes to remain private, then it's their right to remain private. Regarding your point about paranoia: Here's an example of people in Ecuador executing a father and son for a mere $20,000: http://www.reddit.com/r/MorbidReality/comments/1zktth/quito_... This is what the Nakamoto family now has to worry about. It wasn't a random killing. There were at least 6 people arrested in connection with the murders. Apparently the robbers had people inside the bank who they were paying to alert them whenever someone withdrew large amounts of cash. People get killed over money a lot. It's probably not paranoia. I would recommend you watch the video to understand the gruesome nature of what Nakamoto now has to live with. I was speaking of moral rights rather than legal rights, and of being a good person. Though I realize many feel these traits don't exist at all. This wasn't a random robbery though. This was a systematic killing involving dirty banking employees who sent people to hunt them down. The connection is that $20,000 is a ton of money in Ecuador, and Nakamoto has a ton of money, so Nakamoto now has to worry about being hunted. Isn't Nakamoto the only person who lives in LA who also controls >10% of a currency? I submitted this mainly to find out whether it's real. It's quite interesting if true, but the whole "preempatively ship packages to customers' addresses" reminds me of http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HA_gwzx39LQ Well, I lost all of my Mt. Gox bitcoins, and it seems to me there were no repercussions for the founders. They could have stolen the coins and nobody would be the wiser. It's already become clear that there was much more to the story than Gox has revealed, e.g. that they knew about malleability since 2011 and then were reminded again in November. Heh. Because I no longer have the money to. Does Apple sell user data? now it seems far more likely that Satoshi is Satoshi. Actually, Satoshi Nakamoto denied being Dorian Nakamoto. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7358150 I also really like the attitude that if you're not touching code, you're not doing real work. Sure, project managers etc. will say that your job is not solely to write code, and that responding to emails, participating in meetings with your teammates, etc. are as much part of your job. But I like the simplicity of "if you're not writing code, you're fucking off" and how easy it makes it to answer the question "Did I work today?". On the other hand, programming all day is sometimes a recipe for not learning. It might be better to spend 20 minutes learning an elegant solution rather than 5 minutes implementing a hack. But those 20 minutes are mostly spent reading rather than writing. Hm... Python only supports 1000 recursions? That seems unsafe. It seems like anyone who writes functional-style code will run the risk of a stack overflow. The problem is that humans are incredibly selfish. Given the choice between spending time or spending money, people usually spend money. It's one reason Steam is so profitable. So it can't be true that most people inherently want to steal. It seems like people want convenience. When faced with a choice, people usually choose whichever option is least bothersome. That implies a goal for content creators: be the least bothersome option, and users will pay you. Unfortunately for the movie industry, Popcorn Time is currently the least bothersome service. It's free, decentralized, and tastefully designed. The industry should clone Popcorn Time, because that would put them in a better position than they're currently in. This is the best population visualization I've ever seen. It's striking that spikes turned out to be so superior to heatmaps. It's possible to intuit the whole dataset at a glance, whereas heatmaps force you to constantly worry about the meaning of every color in relation to every other color. It's obvious in retrospect why spikes are superior: precision. Spikes represent the underlying data much more accurately than colors, especially between datapoints. This has been sort of an obsession of mine lately using the game of hangman and decision theory to "prove" why this works and how it applies to software development. Oh come on, you can't tease us like that! You have a duty to satisfy our curiosity now. :) How can hangman with decision theory apply to software development? Offtopic, but: what's an example of a situation where using rm -f is bad compared to rm in practice? That is, an example where rm would save you but rm -f would make your life upsetting? On topic: idempotency may be a red herring in this context. Unfortunately filesystems are designed with the assumption that every modification is inherently stateful. (It may be possible to design a different type of filesystem without this assumption, but every filesystem currently operates as a sequence of commits that alter state.) So installing a library or a program is necessarily stateful. What do you do if the program fails to install? Trying again probably won't help: the failure is probably due to some other missing or corrupted state. So indempotency won't help you because there's no situation in which a retry loop would be helpful. That is, if something fails, then whatever operation you were trying to accomplish is probably doomed anyway (if it's automated). I think docker is the right answer. It sidesteps the problem by letting you create containers with guaranteed state. If you perform a sequence of steps, and those steps succeeded once, then they'll always succeed (as long as errors like network connectivity issues are taken into account, but you'd have to do that anyway). EDIT: I disagree with myself. Let's say you write a program to set up a docker container and install a web service. If at some future time some component that the web service relies upon releases an update that changes its API in a way that breaks the web service, then your supercool docker autosetup script will no longer function. The only way around this is to install known versions of everything , but that's a horrible idea because it makes security updates impossible to install. It's a tough problem in general. Everyone agrees that hiring people to set up and manually configure servers isn't a tenable solution. But we haven't really agreed what should replace an intelligent human when configuring a server. Has there ever been a time when seeking news was the most important priority? A friend has a question for you: "How many moves does it think ahead? Or does it just think in the 'here-and-now' (only 1 move ahead)?" The second half is quite true though: or some other people that is having a few bad weeks, is finding an escape playing at it. Luckily, our founding fathers built in a way to achieve the same effects as a revolution without any violence. If you were to start an armed insurrection, the government would be totally justified in ending you. Not a smart decision given today's level of technology. It was through sheer luck that the American revolution worked at all: the British commanders were so incredibly incompetent that they checkmated themselves. It's kind of interesting to think about. Remember the hullabaloo just after the Boston bomber lit off the bomb but wasn't caught yet? Imagine all of that societal rage focused on a small group of people who have started an armed conflict and killed a few policemen, and you can imagine how quickly that group will be annihilated. And we all know how effective that technology is at ending all those pesky terrorists with their zip guns and IEDs... Those people have been indoctrinated since birth to see us as evil invaders. Some of their religions have baked in the idea that it's good to die in order to kill invaders. And we've sometimes acted like an evil invader. (See Blackwater atrocities, etc.) It's an invalid comparison because our population isn't motivated in the same way. It's easy to become disheartened with the current state of affairs, but history has shown that ignoring reality doesn't work. Setting aside the question of ethics, the reality is that an armed revolution in America probably can't happen. And besides, there are plenty of other options to explore. Drones are getting pretty incredible. This one is almost indestructible: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl2Z9N4Q82g Just curious, which music would you use? This happens to be important to me, so some analysis would be appreciated. EDIT: Assume only a visual feed was available, no audio. Not sure if you're looking for critique, and giving critique has sometimes been discouraged on HN, but: It's pretty good for a week of work. Though there's a difference between being challenging and being annoying. Many of the level design elements could be classified as a "dick move." An example would be not making it clear the goal is to collect all the coins until after the player has bypassed some of them and reached the end. In general the controls are too sluggish. It's as if triple buffering is enabled, or maybe quad buffering. If you're at a university, you should try to borrow a high speed camera and measure the time difference between when someone presses the spacebar vs when the character starts to jump. I don't know if it's a Chrome thing or what, but I fell off cliffs several times due to the input delay. The gravity could be better. I'd recommend spending some time with Cave Story to get a feel for how to make gravity really work in the player's favor, rather than against them. In general it's a bad idea to make velocity strictly linear. Some acceleration adds to the experience and precision. A checkpointing system would be good. I can see how most players will give up after getting mostly to the end and then dying. I think you should just restart players from the last point that they were on the ground without dying, that is, the most recent ledge that they were standing on. It shows promise. If you're looking for feedback about how to advance as a game developer, one step would be to make sure you're not rewriting your entire game engine from scratch for each game. It's excellent that you're writing your own engines rather than trying to use other people's, so be sure to keep doing that. It's important for gamedevs to have an idea of the underlying principles and limitations, and the best way to do that is to write your own engines. I got the feeling that most of the week was spent on the engine rather than iterating on the gameplay or level design though. Teaming up with an artist or a level designer might be a good match. Actually, input is fundamental to a game, because there's no way to make a game without input. It's one of the most important aspects of any game. Making HTML 5 a serious gamedev competitor is one of the most important tasks facing the future gamedev industry, which means lessmilk is doing important work. It's important to call out the roadblocks so that the roadblocks get solved. It would be extremely valuable if someone were to do an analysis as to why the input is laggy so that future gamedevs can avoid that pitfall or that Mozilla/Chrome can fix their issue. In case anyone else is wondering what a source map is, it's apparently Javascript's version of C's debug symbols. That is, given a chunk of optimized runtime code, it will show you which part of your original source code generated it. Is it supposed to look like this? http://i.imgur.com/mmTX2EW.png Nah, just kidding. It looks fine for me. Unfortunately, either it's broken or everyone stopped playing it. It hasn't found any competitor after about 5 minutes of searching. Bizarre. It worked fine for me. I wonder how these paywall algorithms decide who to demand money from? Are you on mobile? Actually, it's sort of a myth that hardware is fundamentally harder than software. The toolsets simply haven't been as powerful until recently. Hardware can be thought of as hardcoded software. But it's no longer the case that hardware is hardcoded. Hardware is becoming increasingly sophisticated, especially in their ability to be reprogrammed on the fly. I think you'd have to analyze all of the hardware you use, which seems impossible given the sheer quantity of hardware in use. Trying to notify intelligent life that we exist has a high probability of being the worst idea in all of human history, because there's a high probability that there will be no more human history after we meet them. But radio emissions swiftly degrade after not too long of a distance, so unless we build some kind of extremely high-powered transmitter then any scheme like this is doomed to failure. Luckily. A modem can't MITM https without the key. And all http traffic can be MITM'd anyway. So having control of the modem doesn't get you anything that you wouldn't otherwise be able to get by vacuuming up the traffic further upstream. What's an example of exploiting system services? I didn't know they had DMA. Hmm... you make some good points. It seems like the purpose of sending a signal is ultimately to get aliens to visit us. But the diseases they bring with them do have a high probability of wiping us out (or us wiping them out). I suppose if both sides are very careful, or if we restrict ourselves to communication only, then it could be all right. But why go looking for more problems when we haven't even solved our own? And we probably never will. One reason to be searching for a new civilization is to steal their technology. The first nation that's willing to do this stands to dominate every other nation, so there's a big incentive for us to steal their tech as long as the concept of nations still exist. And of course, if the aliens somehow didn't already have nuclear technology, then transmitting our Wikipedia to them might prove disastrous for them. I think it became a hit as a natural consequence of being so good. He had to do almost no work on promotion, iirc. But I think he was a fairly popular gamedev (or at least not-unknown) before he made Papers, Please. One thing to realize is that game reviewers like Yahtzee and especially TotalBiscuit always have their eyes open for new games that have new gameplay. That is, games with game mechanics that have never been thought of before. So if anyone here happens to make one, and it's fun, then you'll probably be able to get picked up by TB. And since he has >1M YouTube subscribers, that's quite a lot of publicity. (Papers, Please was picked up by TB. It's how I heard of it.) One theory is that Mt. Gox became fractional reserve some time in the past, either by losing bitcoins or by spending them. Then they were unable to replenish their supply, so it was a matter of time before a bank run. The reason I tend to believe this scenario is because it's completely consistent with their behavior. I watched them very closely, and there seemed to be no rhyme or reason for their behavior. That is, unless they were missing everyone's bitcoin for some reason. Then their behavior made perfect sense. In that scenario, Mt. Gox would have knowingly traded non-existent Bitcoins for far, far longer than two weeks. EDIT: I should mention that there's still no evidence whatsoever that malleability somehow led to the loss of >500,000 BTC. It seems unlikely. This was the logic of many on Reddit. I was pretty shocked. "Yeah, I just wanted to see what it did." Luckily, some were sensible enough to run it in a virtual machine. I just looked at the burger in question. Wow! I'd totally eat 1,000 of those. But I guess I should start caring about things like not having heart attacks, so I don't know. My heart says "yes" though. A question for the physicists on HN: I've heard that black holes emit radiation. But if nothing can go faster than the speed of light, and a black hole's gravity is so strong that not even light can escape, then how can a black hole emit anything? Is there a kind of black hole which is so massive that not even that radiation can escape, or do all black holes emit some kind of radiation? (In fact, do they emit radiation proportional to their size?) I invested a lot of money into bitcoin. Then I lost it. Just one datapoint. But there's no question that bitcoin is extremely dangerous to anyone who buys it. You can lose your private keys. You can have your coins stolen. You can put your trust into the wrong web service. One thing I've realized is that bitcoin is mostly about greed right now. There's no reason to buy it unless you want something that can only be procured via bitcoin, or unless you want to make a lot of money. But unless you're very lucky, you won't make a lot of money. You'll probably lose money. I would agree with Buffet. Unless someone comes up with a compelling reason to buy bitcoin, then don't. Just in case this was a reply to my now-deleted comment: Sorry about that. I deleted it because I replied to the wrong comment. I reposted it elsewhere: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7405339 If the money supply is fixed, then people will have a harder time acquiring namecoin after all the namecoin is generated. People will have to buy it, and since it's a scarce resource, it may become extremely expensive. Especially if namecoin exploded in popularity. I suppose if it becomes expensive then the namecoin admins could lower the cost of database inserts/updates. But it seems like that would prompt the price per namecoin to rise accordingly, because the value of namecoin is a single database insert or update. The manager was allowed to stay? The most likely explanation is probably that they're wealthy and want to donate some of it while having some fun. They're probably not a thief. What were they like? Robots will have their own agendas though, so you'll still have politics. Thank you for teaching how to use WebGL. The internet could use more tutorials like these. I think people are missing the point: it's not meant to look good, it's meant to teach people. So let's stop discouraging. Wait, why are people so quick to download and install these binaries? This is an excellent opportunity to piggyback a virus onto a ton of people's computers, and the "Yify" github profile seems to have no other prior history: https://github.com/Yify EDIT: Nevermind, it's headed by jduncanator who seems to have done a lot of public work. They also contributed to the original popcorn time. Interesting... Do you have a link to more info about this? Specifically regarding the malware? Be careful what you wish for. History has shown that countries which are free to think will eventually outthink those that aren't. And what you're arguing for is restriction of thought. The important advancements in the recent modern world haven't really been scientific in the traditional sense of "scientific advancement." The advancements of the last decade are more like engineering than pure scientific discovery. Under that definition, Linux certainly qualifies, because it's a major feat of engineering regardless of its roots in Unix. Would you mind giving your thoughts on http://paulgraham.com/america.html ? Specifically, point #7: If there are any laws regulating businesses, you can assume larval startups will break most of them, because they don't know what the laws are and don't have time to find out. For example, many startups in America begin in places where it's not really legal to run a business. Hewlett-Packard, Apple, and Google were all run out of garages. Many more startups, including ours, were initially run out of apartments. If the laws against such things were actually enforced, most startups wouldn't happen. That could be a problem in fussier countries. If Hewlett and Packard tried running an electronics company out of their garage in Switzerland, the old lady next door would report them to the municipal authorities. The reason I responded the way I did is because you seem to be arguing for a docile population, which to anyone who has studied history is a recipe for disaster. The quote was so interesting that I went and found the source: http://ecorner.stanford.edu/1028.ect Now there's this gem: "it was basically became clear that we either figure out how to beat the fraudsters or the fraudsters will take us under. And the company more or less refocused itself as a research entity towards figuring out innovative technological ways of destroying fraud in the Internet. And that alone could be the subject of an entire class or a series of classes so I will completely skip over all the cool technology we developed. Some of you might have seen stuff in the news, words like EOR or ELIA, all these tools that we've built. They're as cool as they sound. I could never tell you about them because they're very secret and they're still in use. But maybe if you want to hang out afterwards, I can tell you a little bit. But they're really cool and we did really figured out how to kill fraud. ... The submerged part of PayPal is this massive and very, very numerically-driven risk management system which allows us to instantaneously tell when you're moving money to someone else, with a very high degree of certainty whether the money you're moving is yours or you got it illegally and we might be on the hook later on to help the authorities investigate or retrieve the money, et cetera, et cetera." I simply must know. I'll never find out how Paypal killed fraud unless I ask HN right now, and I've got to know. So, with apologies for branching into a completely unrelated topic: What magic did Paypal invent in order to do all of those amazing things described above? How'd they kill fraud? What are the details of how the technology works? Is it still a closely guarded secret? Do they use some advanced statistical mathematics to detect fraud, or do they bruteforce the detection by providing massive quantities of data to the otherwise-dumb detector algorithm? What fascinates me is that they've come up with a way to detect fraud automatically, with no human input. There are false positives, which everyone here has probably had some terrible experiences with, but... Still, how did they train a computer to detect and freeze the very sophisticated and very subtle covert techniques of Russian mobster money launderers? Any info would be very much appreciated, especially citations / references for further reading on this topic. Maybe physics drank that Kool Aid that all experimental errors of course, as given by God, have a Gaussian distribution, that is "a perfect bell curve", and, then, yes, can get "68% of the data is within one standard deviation of the mean, 95% is within two, and so on.", and that σ has a particular numerical value and regard standard deviation as an area. Yes, maybe this is physics but it is very sloppy thinking That's very interesting! What are some practical or pragmatic advantages of your way of thinking compared to the standard (sloppy) way of thinking? I don't mean to put you on the spot; I genuinely would love to know. For example, what are some statistical problems which the standard (sloppy) mental model would have a tough time solving, but which your mental model would be able to yield tools for? There exists a particular anti-fraud heuristic at a YC company. They shared it to me in confidence, because as soon as you know it exists, you can trivially avoid it. I mean trivially. It's apparently insanely effective, though, half because it has a really good handle on who it wants to frustrate and the other half because it's not in the literature at all and, as a consequence, the bad guys don't even know they have to avoid defenses in that class of algorithms. That moment when I realize I should've come up with a way of demonstrating my own ability to keep other peoples' secrets, so that I can be let in on this one and satisfy this burning desire to figure out what the heck that particular fraud detection technique could possibly be... Well, clearly I'm going to be thinking all day about fraud detection methods and about guessing your technique. Hmm. I may as well guess your technique openly: Your technique must be something unexpected, and seemingly unrelated to "actions that fraudsters would normally be careful not to give themselves away with." So I'm going to guess that the technique is to analyze the linguistic traits of each user's password. Most people reuse passwords, and if the fraudsters share a similar cultural background then the password has a decent chance of giving away the fact that a particular user is from that same cultural background, e.g. if the password contains a foreign dictionary word in their native tongue yet their their purported home address is in a completely different country. That sort of thing. Or if the same group of fraudsters keep reusing the same passwords, or even parts of their previous passwords, then that would probably be enough to accurately detect them. Most people who don't use a password manager tend to reuse substrings of their prior passwords, so they end up leaving a pretty distinctive identity "footprint" by the type of passwords they choose. Their passwords are likely to share a similar structure, such as always consisting of two words followed by two numbers, for example, or always starting their passwords with two symbols like %#. And of course, if the fraudsters became aware that their password was giving themselves away, they'd trivially dodge the detector in the future. Hmm. I'll just have to invent my own fraud detection techniques. This is a lot of fun. It's no doubt a real watch he's wearing, but I'm pretty sure the screen is fake. No screen that emits photons would appear like that when recorded by a camcorder. The brightness and crispness is visibly wrong. I'm pretty sure it's CG. Vault of Satoshi charges $99/mo for access to their exchange? That seems absurdly high just for access. I wonder why people would pay that much, and how popular it is? EDIT: Ah. $99/mo in exchange for zero trade fees. That's actually an interesting dynamic. I bought a Razer Tiamat a couple years ago (a true 7.1 surround sound headset) and it was one of the best purchases I've ever made. Imagine living your life with one eye closed, then suddenly having the opportunity to open both eyes, and how surprising it would be to realize that you have depth perception, etc. That's sort of what experiencing true surround sound is like. It requires a bit of tweaking to get configured properly though, which led to a lot of negative reviews or people leaving reviews saying they weren't impressed. Experiencing actual 7.1 surround sound headphones (rather than simulated surround) is kind of like a mini version of experiencing the Oculus Rift for the first time, in terms of the "wow" factor when you finally get it working properly. What Rift is to eyes, the Tiamat is to ears. The reason headphones have had just two speakers till now is because people have two ears, so we've incorrectly assumed that that's all that's needed. But human ears are designed to capture 3D positional audio. Two speakers means there are only two positions that audio can come from. 7.1 headphones simply blow everything else out of the water. It's a very visceral experience that's hard to articulate. The takeaway is that having a headset which is capable of physically producing soundwaves from 7 different directions at once is one of the coolest experiences that any gamer can have. For casual gamers, it enhances the experience and immersion of any game. For competitive gamers, you can hear people sneaking up behind you, so you gain a competitive advantage. All of this means that real (not simulated) 7.1 surround sound is a valuable idea which till now has seemingly been overlooked by the gaming industry. The first industry player that delivers a true positional surround sound experience to the masses stands to profit handsomely, whether it's Oculus or Sony or someone else. So build it! (That said, I have no idea what 60 virtual speakers means, but I wanted to share my experience with true positional surround sound. Also, the surround sound headset works fine in tandem with the Rift. So until the Oculus guys realize how important 3D positional audio is and ship their next product with a pair of surround sound headphones, you can get the same effect right now from the Tiamat.) One of the coolest parts of the article is at the very end when he algorithmically constructs music with the sierpinski triangle. http://www.oftenpaper.net/img/sierzrp1.mp3 Actually, they only care about 5% of the big successes, just like any good investors. Or at least that's what they should be caring about. I wonder when pip will be considered old and outdated? def fib(n): x = ((1 + sqrt(5)) / 2) ** n x -= ((1 - sqrt(5)) / 2) ** n return x / sqrt(5) I've been very lucky and I don't have to worry much about money. I'm about to finish school. Very lucky. May I ask how? As someone in almost the same position as you were in, may I ask a more personal question? Were you able to get into a prestigious school once you had money? I want to go not because I care about prestige or about connections, but simply because I want to find out what the experience is like, and know that I can stand with the best. I do online MIT classes for fun just to prove to myself that I can do it, but I never really had opportunity growing up, nor did I realize how much opportunity mattered. Now I'm concerned it's too late. I'd love to get your thoughts. Please feel free to shoot me an email if you have ideas about how I might pursue this. Technology cannot be suppressed. It's an axiom of history. One way to phrase it is "change or die," but a more optimistic way would be "change is life." An important question for the future is how to make it profitable for studios to create media. If the revenue dries up, then so will the studios. I've heard Zuck likes Game of Thrones. In the future, there very well might not be anyone willing to invest money into creating Game of Thrones. Not at that level, anyway. The visual and epic experience that you're used to circa 2015 might not be sustainable circa 2035. Would Zuck fund Game of Thrones directly if needed? What are some ways that such an investment could make sense? Would crowdfunding make sense? The largest crowdfunding campaign still pales in comparison to the budgets required to deliver something like 7 seasons of Game of Thrones. Crowdfunding might not be the answer. There may not be any answer. We cannot enact change that affects billions of lives and then say “fend for yourself, figure out the new rules”. Not only can we, but we did. It's very natural to feel horrified with the events as they unfold, but there's really nothing that will stop it. Hacker culture is hardwired to prevent ostracization of the kinds of people who build Popcorn Time. In fact, they're considered noble. What we should focus on is how to find new revenues to fund media creation. It's not a good idea to try to change the culture. from math import sqrt from decimal import Decimal def fib(n): x = Decimal((1 + sqrt(5)) / 2) ** n x -= Decimal((1 - sqrt(5)) / 2) ** n return x / Decimal(sqrt(5)) print fib(1000) print fib(10000) print fib(1290309123) $ time python ~/fib.py 4.346655768693891359691727380E+208 3.364476487644307695949089018E+2089 2.879417086171668653426018537E+269658658 real 0m0.138s user 0m0.086s sys 0m0.026s FWIW, I got way more value out of the Matasano challenges than studying classic ciphers. Do you think it'd be a not-terrible idea for newcomers to focus entirely on studying this? http://www.daemonology.net/blog/2009-06-11-cryptographic-rig... I just wanted to thank you for the detailed writeup. It's very helpful and informative. Would anyone please link directly to the pdf of the paper so I can see for myself how they're keeping the mice awake? The typical way is for them to put the mice in a position such that it's impossible for them to fall asleep without falling into water. All that this proves is that extended stress leads to lost neurons, not necessarily the sleep loss. People often cite the "Fatal Familial Insomnia" disease as evidence of lack of sleep's ill effects, but they neglect to point out that the "insomnia" part is sometimes not observed in patients who then die anyway. So the sleep loss is apparently unrelated to the death. There doesn't seem to be any conclusive evidence linking sleep loss to neurodegeneration. It's seemingly just something that people want to believe in absence of evidence. Any luck on delivering a feature to prevent exchanges like Coinbase from stealing my money, or ability to retrieve my money once it's been stolen? There seems to be no way not to use exchanges when using Bitcoin, so this is a real problem. Or I suppose it could be that Mt. Gox was the problem, and now the problem has gone away. Still, I predict that when the economy crashes again as it did in 2008, we will see many more exchanges die off, and they'll take everyone's money with them. This may harm mass adoption of Bitcoin by reducing confidence. This seems a step in the right direction: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7277865 Anyone know if any exchanges have started doing this yet? Hard to do until gas and apartments can be paid for with BTC in most cities. How can they support 2-factor auth without also having the ability to spend the bitcoin in the wallets? What's needed is a way to keep bitcoin on remote servers without them having the ability to spend it, but to grant access with 2FA. This prevents password phishing attacks and keylogger attacks, without the user having to worry about their harddrive crashing and losing their wallet. But I'm not sure whether that's possible short of making them keep an encrypted wallet, which negates all of the user convenience of using an exchange. When you sell BTC on Coinbase, it takes anywhere from two days to two weeks for Coinbase to actually pay you. If they get into dire financial straits like Mt. Gox, then this period will gradually widen to become many months, and then some payments will stop going through altogether. So you'll have sold your N bitcoin and they'll have lost it. I guess this problem is unavoidable short of using lots of different exchanges. Maybe there just needs to be more than one Coinbase. Yes, the PDF is paywalled. Would you mind posting a Dropbox link to it or emailing it to me? Thanks! This is a very interesting paper, but I need to analyze the specific method they used to keep mice awake. All that paragraph says is "we used a previously validated technique," with no details as to how specifically they woke the mice up. Plowing $150M into a car company before making a sale isn't remotely reasonable. Why not? After all, it resulted in Tesla. Holding sons accountable for crimes of their fathers is immoral. Let his actions stand on their own. No one's father should matter. Pointing out that someone takes jobs in a certain area of the world seems morally questionable at best. He had to take jobs somewhere. I feel awkward for posting this, because at first glance it looks like I'm defending something terrible. But the reason I'm saying this is because this is otherwise how witchhunts start, so this is the right thing to do. If this guy is using the modern equivalent of slave labor, then he should be punished for it. That's really all there is to say. I'm a fan of BTC and use coinbase as my central wallet of choice. Please transfer your BTC to a wallet under your control immediately. Run, don't walk. Take it from me: it's a terrible feeling to lose your money because someone else lost it on your behalf. Under no circumstances should you trust anyone to have access to your bitcoin. Do whatever it takes to accomplish that goal. Philosophically, that's one of the core reasons bitcoin is a big deal, because at no point in history has it been possible to do that until now. If I had followed the above advice, then I wouldn't have lost a lot of money. Given the nature of human greed, what do you think the chances are that someone who has access to >10% of a currency will simply let it sit there and do nothing with it? Given the nature of computer security, what do you think the chances are that Coinbase is impregnable under every imaginable circumstance? What about a rogue employee? What if the founder himself steals? Now, the question is, what's the best way to accomplish the goal of "Don't let anyone else have access to your bitcoin, ever"? There are solutions. Find one, use it. Please. Don't make my mistake. This is awesome. It's anarchic and chaotic and amazing. I can't wait until it falls off the frontpage and drops to 5 users. EDIT: We killed it. Nooo. You will not change the world with a web app. No one changes the world with a web app. Or an android app. Or an iPhone app. There's no need to lie. The advice is otherwise good. The world is vast and has many places that need smart people. Find those places, adapt to what they need and start solving problems in the way you can The world is built to exploit smart people. I personally think they should focus on themselves and stop caring what other people want out of them, but I don't know whether that'd be best. Heh. Cunning people exploit the world. Smart people wind up working for cunning people. May I ask, where'd you get the dataset? OpenGL is less painful in the long run, because you won't be tied to Microsoft's APIs. Those APIs weaken you and your ability to think about graphics programming. All you need is a good GL wrapper. If writing your own is painful, just use someone else's. But it's important to be able to write your own, because if you can't, then that's what weakens you. A GPU doesn't work in the way that Microsoft would have you believe it works. By restricting your worldview to Microsoft's predefined notion of what it should be, you'll never know the true extent of what you can do as a graphics programmer. A secondary reason to avoid DX is because gaming on windows has a high chance of being dead within the next decade. If that seems laughable, think of how laughable it would've sounded for anyone to say that about CDs for music in 2001. This story is fiction? It's come up so many times as if it was fact. It'd be pretty interesting to compile a list of stories which people generally believe are true, but are actually fiction. In case anyone is wondering the proper way to compare two HMACs, it's to xor the strings and check whether the result is zero. If string A xor string B is zero, then they're equal. If it's nonzero, then they're not equal. This will prevent timing attacks, because the entirety of both strings are compared. When you compare the two HMACs using standard string comparison, you expose yourself to a timing attack because the algorithm will likely stop comparing after finding the first difference in the strings. Heh. My first answer was "copy paste the algorithm from tarsnap," but then I thought I'd better explain it directly. Thank you for pasting it. It seems unlikely that Karpeles randomly stumbled across 200,000 missing bitcoins. It seems at least plausible that he attempted to steal them and is now backpedaling since people aren't buying his malleability story. This is the first ray of hope regarding customers recovering any of their missing bitcoin though. If that were the case, then there's no reason to frame it as if they thought there weren't any bitcoins left in unused company wallets. They could just tell the truth. For what it's worth (which isn't necessarily very much, since I've been very wrong about bitcoin before) I've been monitoring the situation pretty closely, and the Redditors have been doing a thorough and fairly scientific job of concluding what is or isn't possible. There are some crazies in the threads of course, but they get downvoted or called out on their speculation. Since there's no concrete evidence, what rises to the top of the threads are statements like "Here's what we know. Here are possible theories as to why these facts are present." It feels very much like the opposite of a witch hunt. Someone transferring huge sums of money right before they shut down and claim the money is missing is pretty suspicious. Ah. Thank you for correcting me. For what it's worth, your explanations are what I had in mind when talking about the scientificness of the investigations. I probably should have said "nullc has been doing a great job of making sure people don't get carried away with unfounded speculation" and left it at that though. It's pretty interesting to think that most people who like someone might hate them if only they knew what their true thoughts were, and that someone can be acutely aware of what most people would hate them for. I think this is a great change. It's great that you're still iterating on HN and changing the fundamentals. Can someone with over 1,000 karma start replying to a fresh comment before it's endorsed? Or will the reply link not be there until it's endorsed? If it's the latter, I'm worried that this might stifle the (admittedly rare) back-and-forth discussion between two experts, such as tptacek and cperciva. People who want to reply probably won't sit and wait until the reply link is active, and since replying to a different comment than intended is taboo, they're likely to say nothing instead. That's a minor concern though. EDIT: Also, Since I'm going to check out of HN at the end of this YC cycle, If I'm reading this right, does this mean you're going to leave HN entirely? I'm sorry to see that happen, but I understand why you'd need to. For threads that have fallen off the frontpage, drop the required number of endorsements to 1 and let the parent commenter have the option to endorse the child comment regardless of the parent poster's karma. That will let back-and-forth continue in old threads. It sounds like each comment requires multiple endoresements. In order to understand what makes a hash function weak, let's look at what makes one strong. From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptographic_hash_function : " The ideal cryptographic hash function has four main properties: (a) it is easy to compute the hash value for any given message (b) it is infeasible to generate a message that has a given hash (c) it is infeasible to modify a message without changing the hash (d) it is infeasible to find two different messages with the same hash. " MD5 fails (b), (c), and (d). One additional problem is due to the length extension attack: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Length_extension_attack For MD5 and SHA-1, given any hash, it's possible to reconstruct the internal state of the hash function. (They're named "hash function," but "hash state machine" is probably a better way to think about it.) For example, MD5("The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog").hexdigest() => 9e107d9d372bb6826bd81d3542a419d6 Given 9e107d9d372bb6826bd81d3542a419d6, you can reconstruct the internal state of MD5, allowing you to continue hashing data. For example, you could add " while the cow goes moo:" MD5("The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog while the cow goes moo").hexdigest() => ab7e4a96438e33094a7df3d41fa89c47 MD5_FromHash("9e107d9d372bb6826bd81d3542a419d6").append(" while the cow goes moo").hexdigest() => ab7e4a96438e33094a7df3d41fa89c47 Ideally, you'd like to be able to reveal the hash publicly without revealing any details about the internal state of the hash algorithm. (It's my understanding that SHA-3 accomplishes this goal automatically.) Another way to accomplish that goal is to use HMAC-MD5 or HMAC-SHA1. At that point you can prove that you hashed something by prepending a secret key to the data. For example, HMAC_MD5("My 256-bit random secret key", "My message to be hashed").hexdigest() This would yield a hash value that you can reveal publicly, and which no attacker can append any data to. For any given data D, you can verify that you generated the hash value by computing HMAC_MD5("My 256-bit random secret key", D).hexdigest() and comparing it to the other hexdigest. If they're equal, then either some attacker has stolen your private key or you generated the hash. But if you tried this with plain old MD5, then an attacker can easily append data and trick you into thinking you generated it. This is actually all the time I have right now, so someone else please feel free to step in and fill in missing details, such as how to find two different messages which hash to the same MD5 value. It's worth comparing this poll to the one about whether HN should display comment scores: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2595605 Only 38.5% of users were in favor of comment scores being hidden, but it was decidedly a positive change for the site. Sorry, I wasn't very clear. I was saying that in addition to failing (b), (c), and (d), there's also an additional problem with called the length extension attack. Link to the paper: http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~tygar/papers/Keyboard_Acoustic_E... It's pretty interesting. It's an algorithm which, given a recording of you typing out several HN comments, can generate an acoustic profile of how you type on your particular keyboard. By assuming that you're typing English, it can infer what words you're typing based on its rough guess, and then it can train itself to recognize keystroke sounds that it previously got wrong. After a few times of doing this, it claims to be accurate enough to recover your passwords from a recording of you typing them in. I hope you'd agree with "Jed McCaleb once controlled the donation address 1EuMa4dhfCK8ikgQ4emB7geSBgWK2cEdBG." While it's unclear precisely how that donation address is related to all of this, I assume that people traced money flowing out of it and into an Mt. Gox cold storage wallet, thus establishing that the person who controlled the donation address was involved with the people who control the cold storage addresses. If so, then it's hard to see how to disagree with "If the Bitstamp address 1PAzo was funded with coins deposited by Jed McCaleb or one of his associates, and simultaneously two Mt. Gox cold storage wallets were depleted, and the chain of withdraws eventually lead from the cold storage wallets to 1PAzo, then it's extremely likely that Jed or an Mt. Gox owner is trading Mt. Gox cold storage coins on Bitstamp." It sounds like you're worried that a chain of transfers doesn't prove ownership. For example, someone could randomly send all their bitcoin to someone else for no reason. But in practice, the only reason to give large amounts of BTC to someone else is either because you're buying something from them, repaying a debt, or you're cooperating with them. Regardless of which of those it turns out to be, the Mt. Gox cold storage wallets are the property of the Mt. Gox customers. Using them to buy something or repay a debt would be fraud. Transferring them to an associate with the intent of laundering them via Bitstamp would also be illegal, of course. I can't think of any other explanations for why the BTC would change ownership except perhaps that they were stolen yet again. But theft can be ruled out if the identity of the Bitstamp account turns out to be a cohort of Mt. Gox. (You mentioned that it could be a mixer, but that can be ruled out in this case because it'd make no sense for Mt. Gox to launder bitcoins and then deposit them into a bistamp account that has someone's real-world identity attached to it. Also, when bitcoins are being mixed using a mixer, it transfers the coins in a pretty distinctive way that indicates a mixer is being used, such as by randomizing the BTC amounts rather than always transferring e.g. 150BTC or 50BTC or some other nice-for-humans value. I assume that if a mixer is being used here, it'd be possible to show that the transfers are behaving in a way consistent with a particular bitcoin mixer implementation.) Since there are no plausible explanations about how the bitcoins might change ownership, why would it be unreasonable to proceed with the assumption that the ownership hasn't changed, unless proven otherwise? That's fine though, because at that point our theory has been proven wrong. So I propose we take the best guess that fits the available evidence and act accordingly. In this case, that action has already been taken: to notify Bitstamp that if the person trading those coins is an associate of Mt. Gox, then there's a high probability that illegal trades are occurring on their servers. This would let them take an action like freezing the account until they can provide an explanation about where the coins came from. (We're slowly turning into Paypal...) analysis that attributed large amounts of the initially mined coins to "Satoshi", when they were in fact core developer Gregory Maxwell's You just reminded me of something cool (but totally offtopic): https://bitslog.wordpress.com/2013/04/17/the-well-deserved-f... Someone recently came up with a previously-unknown technique for mapping out Satoshi's fortune. Anecdotally, I think I remember that incident, but unfortunately I don't remember precisely where I heard it. There have been a lot of very-wrong analyses of the blockchain which have gotten people riled up about one thing or another and then turned out to be bogus. The whole process has sometimes shown unsettling parallels with numerology. It's good that nwh is reminding everyone to try to be as skeptical as possible. It'll be interesting to see whether the evidence turns out to match the story. You're right, I forgot. It's a real concern, and preventing witch hunts from forming should probably be the highest priority. If all you're paying is $40k in loans for your entire higher education, then you got a pretty good deal in today's economy. Do I think college administrations could stand to lay off some people? Sure. Does that mean that those extra employees are the reason I'm saddled with $40k in loans? Hell no. If you don't want to pitch in to fund college educations, then fine, but don't act like the reason students are paying more isn't because of you. The graph http://i.imgur.com/5gYHQK5.png shows that from 2001 to 2012, the revenue per full time student went up by 50% (courses became more expensive), while the state's contribution was reduced by 50% (state is paying less money toward education). So it seems like the data is suggesting that the rising cost of education may be correlated with the state's reduced funding towards education compared to previous years. If so, then the reason students are paying more isn't because of the individual voters or the population in general, but because the way the administrations are allocating the budget. It seems like the money has to come from somewhere, and politicians are choosing to take it away from education, which causes students to be saddled with ever-higher loans. The reason for that is because it's politically a pretty safe maneuver, because there are much fewer students proportional to the total population, which means politicians will lose proportionally less votes than if they tried to pull the money from something else like healthcare. There doesn't seem much to be done except to make sure that you're voting and letting their offices know that your vote is going to whomever can stop the education cuts (if that's the topic which is most important to you). The jail guards usually won't let you have a nice time in prison. If they see that you're enjoying something, they feel it's their job to take it away from you. I wish the dots were scaled by some metric indicating popularity. Such a metric is hard to come up with. Maybe total number of commits. Way awesome though. This is a step in the right direction, but unfortunately any exchange can die at any time due to massive theft. An exchange is fine till it isn't, and customers will always end up screwed. I've been trying to think of solutions to this, but the best I've thought of so far is some kind of insurance, which is currently cost prohibitive. It's an interesting question whether to ask about "laws" or "theories" in this context, because if I ask about "theories inconsistent with one another" then there are probably hundreds of answers, but none of them are interesting because most theories are wrong. I was hoping to find examples of theories that are (a) popular, (b) haven't been proven wrong for at least several years. If there are contradictions between those and other, more established laws, then that's interesting. I was hoping this submission might attract at least one upvote so that it appears on the 'ask' page and some of HN's fine physicists might see it. FYI your text is cut off: http://imgur.com/hyhwJLr (Mobile users get it even worse.) The reason it's bad to do it at all is because you're destroying user faith. I get that companies need insight about how users use their products. This is not an instance of that, because companies definitely don't need insight about which websites are visited. Are you sure you want to? What I mean is, are you sure you want to become a salesman rather than a web developer? If you're worried about certain governments MITMing you, the answer is that it's hopeless to rely on SSL to provide protection. I don't know a good recommendation. I just wanted to clarify that SSL provides no protection in that particular case. I'd like to pick your brain some more, but I don't have any specific questions at this point. Would you mind continuing to talk more about this space? It's something I'm very interested in, so if you can think of more than those 4 (excellent) points then that would be very helpful. Thank you! EDIT: That goes for everyone else reading this too, of course. If you have any experience or thoughts in this area, please chime in. Just to clarify, I think using some reliable and trustworthy SSL cert vendor is the way to go. It just won't protect you from the aforementioned parties. Nothing will at this point. SSL protects you and your users from many other attack vectors, and is important. It wasn't my intention to argue against SSL, just to point out the truth of our modern day situation. Firefox share continues to decline, and this promotion may prevent Mozilla from acquiring top talent. Talent goes where talent feels like going, and if they feel it's unethical to work for someone, then it's easy to see why this may turn out badly. By the way, who was in charge of deciding whether to promote him to CEO? Please don't store most of your bitcoin in Coinbase. If Coinbase ever goes under, you'll lose all your bitcoin. It sucks when someone else loses your bitcoin for you. What's a halo product? New benchmarking scheme: "Entire available computing power on the planet in year XXXX" Awesome. It's insanely different from having your money in banks. A bank is backed by the government. If a bank goes under, you still get your money. If Coinbase goes under, you get nothing or very little. Funds from Coinbase should be evacuated to your own secure cold storage wallet immediately after you purchase them. You should never hold a balance higher than 0BTC for any length of time on Coinbase. Follow this advice and you'll have your money forever. Don't follow it and you'll lose your money the moment Coinbase suffers any serious theft, a technical disaster, a rogue employee, or the founder steals coins. (I speak from experience, having lost a massive amount of money when Mt. Gox went under for one of the above reasons, which I probably won't get back.) That's not true. If I had kept my funds in a secure cold storage wallet, I'd still have them. There are plenty of techniques for keeping your coins safe. Just find one and use it. I've heard Armory is pretty good. Coinbase is far more dangerous in comparison, because they can go under at any time for any reason. Human greed is a thing. Always remember that Coinbase has to rely on some employees to implement their systems, and those same employees can write some code to steal money from their systems. Sorry, you're right, I didn't provide enough detail. If the average user can figure out how to use bitcoin, then they can figure out how to use Armory. Most people have an old laptop or computer that they can afford to keep disconnected from the internet. If it's not connected to the internet, then it's not susceptible to hacks. It also offers a way of doing secure backups, so that if your computer is lost in a house fire, you'll still have your coins. Even if they don't have an old computer, spending $100 on one off of Ebay or whatever is possibly the best insurance payment they could make, because it's just a matter of time until any bitcoin exchange dies. Not only do you have yourself to worry about, but if you have children then you'll want them to inherit your wealth. Hard to do if your wealth vanishes because your preferred exchange went under. I'm happy Oculus got my money for the original devkit, and I spent several hours enjoying it. As far as kickstarter, it's hard to fault them. I'm guessing the reason they sold was simple: The owner wanted the money. Palmer could have made far more money by waiting. Maybe he was tired of Oculus. The thing about the future is that it has a funny way of proving you wrong. I think the vision outlined above is entirely possible. An integrated microphone with surround sound headphones was going to change gamedev forever. Who knows how that would bleed into other types of scenarios than gaming? I'd watch a movie with someone using an Oculus. It'd be a fun experience. Heh, from Carmack's twitter 1m ago: https://twitter.com/ID_AA_Carmack/status/448629403740692481 For the record, I am coding right now, just like I was last week. I expect the FB deal will avoid several embarrassing scaling crisis for VR. Glad to see Carmack is still being Carmack. EDIT: By the way, if anyone is wondering why people are having a negative reaction to this Facebook deal, I think one way to understand it is to watch this video fullscreen and try to imagine any way that Facebook could add to the experience, or at least not detract from it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DGZc0Dd9Hc#t=5s It's hard to. Notch didn't say Facebook acquiring Oculus was creepy. Notch said Facebook is creepy. Besides tighter integration with Facebook, what has changed in Instagram since it was acquired by Facebook? Nothing. You just pointed out exactly what changed with Instagram, and what everyone is afraid of changing with the Oculus. "Log in to your Facebook account to continue playing." I don't think that's true. There is no scaling involved with virtual reality except the hardware, because the hardware enables the platform. "Virtual reality" isn't a single application, it's a bunch of applications created by developers. If Oculus's plan all along was to create a giant MMO powered by Rift headsets, then this is the first I've heard of it. Interesting. I think a bunch of smaller apps created by developers has a better chance of being successful. EDIT: By "giant MMO" I mean "metaverse from Snowcrash," not "video game." May I ask, what happened with TotalBiscuit? After thinking about this some more, I think it's going to come down to: "Can they make their Metaverse cool?" Zuck probably has some tricks up his sleeve to accomplish this goal. And he's been able to learn from G+ about how not to go about it. Whether the Metaverse is cool will make or break its popularity. It's what made Facebook's. The coming years are going to be pretty interesting. Wow. I wish I could give you ten upvotes for raising awareness about this. This is probably worth submitting to HN directly (go for it) because it's both newsworthy in gamedev circles and will help people in a similar situation come up with ideas to cope with the stress. Thank you! It's always better to have more people reviewing the security of an application, even if they seem like a whiny newbie. I don't know... Mistakes happen. There seems to be little to gain from faulting SendGrid, but faulting SendGrid would force them to take some kind of action such as terminating the rep. I think I'd prefer the rep remain employed, because I trust they'd never make this mistake again. Also, now all the other reps know to avoid it. EDIT: May I ask what can be gained from faulting SendGrid in this case? tl;dr The entire community is acting like a bunch of idiots, stop it, you're embarrassing yourselves and showing your business management ignorance. Calling anyone who disagrees with you an idiot and an embarrassment isn't good. The central issue is that when Facebook begins to lose relevance, Zuck is going to yank the reins on Oculus as hard as possible to ensure Facebook stays relevant. You can see how Google did this with G+/YouTube integration. VR is in its nascent stages, and Oculus has been synonymous with VR. Now instead of VR having a strong an independent company with Carmack near the helm, "VR" is a subservient division of Facebook. Whether that turns out to be a good thing, well, time will tell. But to call people "ignorant idiots" for being worried is a little extreme, to say the least. EDIT: You're also mistaken about this part (as I was): also based on these comments people think Oculus offers software... they don't, you don't play an Oculus VR MMORPG... they provide hardware and an SDK, everything else is up to content producers, the scaling crisis would be purely one of hardware manufacturing and distribution and maintaining a very widely used SDK The scaling crisis is software, not hardware. They appear to be planning some kind of Oculus VR MMO based on Carmack's tweets. See here for details: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7471231 What's there to say? This is yet another piece of evidence that Mt. Gox was grossly incompetent. Unfortunately, it's very difficult to prove whether or not there was any criminal fraud involved. If there was, and it could be proven, then at least justice could be served. If there wasn't any fraud, and that could be proven, then at least it could be shown that Karpeles was just a bad businessman, not a fraudster, and his name could be cleared. This limbo leaves so many questions unanswered that it's hard to know if we're ever going to find out what truly happened. Mt. Gox recently claimed they found 200,000 BTC that they'd lost track of. If their claim can be taken at face value, then I think it's plausible they may have panicked back when their losses first became clear to them in February, leading them to blame it on malleability even though they didn't really have a clue where their money went or why. They probably felt they had to tell people something , and saying "we lost track of >750,000 BTC for unknown reasons" may have been less desirable than blaming their problems on something tangible, like transaction malleability. Unfortunately for them, it turns out that they were wrong about that. So here we are. All that's been demonstrated is that consumers currently have very little protection in this space, and that patio11 and others were right to warn people to be very careful with bitcoin. It's a beautiful piece of art. More info: http://datatelling.com/projects/onehumanheartbeat/ There have been like 13 exchanges that have died and taken customers' funds with them, not just Mt. Gox. The problem, which I can't figure out a way to solve, is that any exchange can die at any time due to massive theft or failure. When this happens, customers will lose all of their funds. People have mentioned m-of-n transactions as one possible solution, which means that the customer and the exchange both have to approve of any transaction involving the customer's funds. But this may preclude realtime trading, which is usually one of the main purposes of an exchange. It's a tough problem, and there may be a solution. I'm continuing to think about it. Someone brought up that Bitalo isn't really an exchange, but an OTC marketplace, and that fraud is possible. A fraudster in the US can reverse the bank payment in a Bitalo transaction up to 6 months after the BTC has been released from escrow: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7432635 You should probably specify that Bitalo is perfect for non-US customers. Unfortunately, Mt. Gox's accounting appears to be nonexistent. For example, they recently revealed that they found 200,000 of the missing bitcoin. I could be wrong, but I don't think anyone analyzing the blockchain had a clue that those particular 200,000 bitcoin were still under Mt. Gox control, let alone traced where any other bitcoin went. I don't know why people are saying that Mt. Gox may be under a gag order. They're based in Japan, so an American gag order seems like it's not applicable. And while the US did seize some millions of theirs from US banks, their bitcoin cold storage wallets were probably based in Japan, not the US, so there's no way the US could seize them. And even if they did seize them, there's no evidence at all suggesting that they could compel Mt. Gox to remain silent about it. Mt. Gox absolutely could have stolen the bitcoin themselves. It's still one of the more likely scenarios. Really? Hmm, do you have any links I could look at? I thought they'd found some other large quantity of coins, but not the ones that have remained inactive since 2011 (the ones Mt. Gox said they recently found). Thanks for the info! Why is it naive? Why would they store their cold storage wallets within the reach of the US government, especially after they seized assets previously? Occam's Razor seems to apply here. In absence of evidence, the simplest explanation is more likely to be the correct one. The simplest explanation is still that Karpeles tried to steal the coins, rather than a government stepping in and stealing them. This seems equivalent to hypothesizing that "their wallets may have been lost due to their harddrives crashing." Sure, it's possible. But it's easy to come up with dozens of possible theories. What evidence do you have that the US government has done that against Japanese companies in the past? (Mt. Gox may have had a US division, but they were a Japanese company, not a US company.) EDIT: Also, if the US had seized most of the coins, why would they suddenly have a change of heart and allow Mt. Gox to release 200,000 BTC? Would someone please upload the PDF for those of us who don't have academic logins? The current state of affairs precludes people from thinking critically. Instead we're forced to take publications at face value. Indeed, I remember similar threads. But the 200,000 BTC that Mt. Gox found has remained inactive and unmoved since 2011. I can't find any Reddit thread that discovered those inactive coins before Mt. Gox did. Why not turn on pending comments site-wide for 24 hours and see how it works out? The initial test worked fine, and it'd be a nice experiment. I don't think it will be a problem in practice, both because women will be able to endorse comments and because during the test period people endorsed most comments. The only comments that weren't endorsed were troll comments. The most recent test period was brief (just a couple hours) so it isn't representative of how it will work out in practice, but that's why I think we should turn it on for 24 hours and see what happens. EDIT: On reflection, I apologize for how dismissive my comment must've sounded. It wasn't my intention. It's not nearly as bad as you make it sound. Most people just don't give it a chance by forcing themselves to work exclusively in it for a week while trying to implement features, etc. The ice skating analogy is pretty apt. You'll fall and hurt yourself a few times, but once you get the hang of it you get around much faster. Interestingly, that would also mean Silk Road stole its users' coins. They couldn't have lost 4,400 coins to malleability, which is what they blamed the theft on. http://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2014/02/13/silk-ro... You're wonderful! Thank you so much. I just wanted to thank you for the comment. You make some good points. Nevermind, I'm mistaken. After reading the paper more carefully, it's saying only 384 coins were involved in successful malleability attacks before Feb 7th (when Mt. Gox stopped withdraws). But between the 7th and the 13th (when Silk Road announced they'd lost their coins), the number of coins involved in malleability attacks increased to almost 300,000 BTC: http://i.imgur.com/H8YVLXO.png As such, it's entirely possible that SR lost 4,400 coins due to malleability. they might as well changed their opinion and are now too embarrassed to speak about it. Do people do this? It seems like people who change their opinion are also vocal about it. Thank you for creating HN. It seems like the problem might be that there's such a short amount of time to discover good content that gets submitted. During peak times, a submission can be pushed off the first page of /newest within ~20 minutes. If that's a problem, then one solution might be to change the number of items displayed on the new page from 30 to 120. I wouldn't be surprised if the first page of /newest gets 5x to 10x more views than the second page. People like scrolling; people click much less frequently. So upping the number of posts shown on the new page to 120 should give better content more time to be discovered. Another idea is to tweak the new page so that the first page of /newest shows every new submission for exactly two hours. That is, page 1 would consist of submissions that are 1 minute to 2 hours old. Also, maybe some kind of reminder to check the new page every so often would help, but that's probably a bit heavy-handed. If you're interested in learning more about the technical operation of bitcoin, or if you're building the next great bitcoin killer­app or business, you will find this book essential reading. From the basic use of a bitcoin wallet to buy a cup of coffee, to running a bitcoin marketplace with hundreds of thousands of transactions, or collaboratively building new financial innovations that will transform our understanding of currency and credit, this book will help you engineer money. You're about to unlock the API to a new economy. This book is your key. I hope this book has a very thorough section on securing your app, because that's probably the biggest problem that you'll face. On HN you have access to the world's experts on pretty much any tech (and some non-tech) topics you can think of. The only other community I've posted to is Reddit, but... It seems like what sets HN apart is the ability to craft and hone your reputation. If you want to become known as an expert in bitcoin, all that it takes is time, intelligence, and writing good comments on HN. You can gain a reputation on Reddit, but not as easily as here, I think. And it's usually a lot easier to get a negative reputation over there than to gain a positive one on here. You can also write a profile for yourself, which a lot of people will read. Reddit doesn't have an equivalent of that. Even if you just provide contact info, you still gain value. For example, after I rather publicly lost a bunch of money on Mt. Gox, someone emailed me to see if I was okay. It was a really nice gesture, and in hindsight I'm not sure I'd get that kind of experience out of some other community. But I'm of course biased, since I've spent my time here and not in other communities. That, however, will do nothing to help HN get stories that it's missing completely, since there won't be any such thread to comment in. You seem to be saying we're missing most of those. How can we fix that? One idea is to change the rules so that users are allowed to resubmit stories that received fewer than four upvotes after 24 hours. Right now you risk getting banned for doing that. It might be a bad idea since the resubmissions will push more legitimate stories out of the new submission queue more quickly, though. Another idea is to increase the number of stories displayed on https://news.ycombinator.com/newest from 30 to 120. At this point, if your submission drops off the first page of /newest then it's pretty hopeless that it'll be seen by anyone. Showing 120 stories at once will give good content more time to get onto the front page where more people will see it. Not necessarily. Variance is a powerful force. 100+ samples may sound like a lot, but it's often insufficient. My favorite book on this topic is http://www.statisticsdonewrong.com/index.html , in particular the sections on statistical power. May I ask, what are some examples of the security mistakes? Different countries view college degrees differently. In some, if you do not have a college degree, you will not even get considered for the job, no matter what you've done. May I ask, what are some countries in which this is the case? "delete this;" That brings back some fond memories. Well, memories. Thanks for asking about ACE. I'm curious to know as well. Any info on why emails to whitehat@coinbase.com are being ignored? EDIT: For what it's worth, judging by the upvotes, a lot of people are hoping for any answer. I gave up on that long ago because few sites actually allow the foo+bar@email.com syntax. + seems to be disallowed by most regex filters. I'm surprised that even homakov's emails are going unanswered. Any malicious actor who gets that number can then use it to extract money from your card. Sure, it's probably FDIC insured, but they still make out with some of your money. Actually, you lose none of your money. The credit card company completely refunds you. Someone once stole my card and got some gas with it, and the next day I got the transaction refunded and a new card issued within 10 minutes. Bitcoin is far less secure than a credit card. The best way to lose thousands of dollars is to invest it into bitcoin and then trust any webservice to hold onto your coins for you. It's what happened to me. If I had experienced credit card fraud instead of bitcoin fraud, I'd still have my money. Now I don't. What you're describing is security for a merchant. Preventing chargebacks sounds great... for merchants. But security for consumers is obviously more important, because consumer adoption is the single most important factor. how closely have you been monitoring your card for siphoning of funds? Closely. In fact, I get an email every time a transaction is made. Any fraud would be detected immediately: an email would arrive saying I've been charged, and I'd call up the credit card company and get it refunded in 10 minutes. So it seems to me that siphoning of funds from my credit card can't happen. I needed protection from bitcoin fraud, not credit card fraud. The best thing for the bitcoin ecosystem would be to learn from credit card companies rather than villify them. Also, people go to prison for many years for credit card fraud, whereas the legal system is still adjusting to bitcoin. I haven't heard of any bitcoin-related prosecutions yet. So bitcoin fraud is far less risky. You're right, there isn't anything suggesting that they hold a partial reserve. And there won't be even when they do. And when they close due to massive theft / loss of coin, and take all of their users' funds with them, that will be the first suggestion that any user hears of. It happened to me. It's not fearmongering, it's fact. Proving reserves doesn't help at all. They can die at any time from massive loss. Proof of reserve reveals whether there's a problem; it doesn't prevent any problem from happening. To use a metaphor, a failed proof of reserve is like detecting that someone who's riding a motorcycle without a helmet has been launched into the air due to a car crash, and is about to hit the ground. That doesn't change the fact that they're not wearing a helmet in the first place. And in bitcoin's case, no such "helmet" exists. There is no protection for consumers against losing their funds by the exchange. There's always going to be this massive risk of the coins disappearing due to any number of reasons: that they get hacked, that the founder steals them, that they lose them to some massive technical problem, that they experience another undocumented bitcoin protocol issue like malleability, that they lose access to their cold storage wallets, etc. This has happened at, what, a dozen exchanges so far? They've all died due to one of the above reasons. Who's next? It's completely possible that Coinbase is next, and that you're recommending users throw their money away by trusting them. There's no reason to trust Coinbase. Keep your funds in your own secure cold storage wallet, and you'll have them forever. Keep them in Coinbase and you'll have them exactly as long as Coinbase lasts. There's no reason to argue against an inexpensive solution like a Pi + Armory in comparison to the massively risky "trust a third party to hold all my coins" approach. Perhaps you're arguing so vehemently in support of Coinbase because you're keeping all of your coins there? If so, I would suggest you move them to a secure cold storage wallet immediately. Same. It seems like it can't happen until it happens, and then you face the reality that it happened. It sucks, and there's absolutely no protection for consumers from it. There's not even any insurance policy that exchanges can purchase yet, which is pretty much the only hope at this point. It's the Quake 3 network protocol. Carmack invented it, and that protocol was the first one to solve the UDP ack problem in a way that didn't impact gameplay. It was a huge deal and was probably one of the reasons the Quake 3 engine generated over a billion dollars in revenue. That would be 1 in 1,000 people. If a million people in the US have used bitcoin, then that would mean 1,000 of them are going to be audited. That's quite a lot of audits. And sure, 1 in 1,000 is nice odds, but you're still breaking the law. And some people care about not breaking the law on principle. Also, if you do something the government doesn't like, then they can retroactively investigate you and bring the full force of the law down on you for tax evasion, which carries harsh penalties. I've spent a couple months trying to come up with ways to protect bitcoin consumers, and the only thing I can think of is for exchanges to purchase some kind of high-risk insurance which will cover losses by the exchange. Nothing else will protect users, as far as I can tell, precisely because of bitcoin's irreversible transactions. Honestly, the best thing for the bitcoin ecosystem is to learn from Paypal and Visa, and to emulate their good qualities. I know it's popular to hate on the existing ways of doing things, but the existing ways have a lot of hidden wisdom embedded in them. Would you include in your response the reason why you're ignoring Homakov's security flaw reports, which were emailed to you at your whitehat@coinbase.com email address? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7505757 A lot of people are getting nervous that you're not taking security seriously at Coinbase. Ignoring whitehat reports would seem to be a serious issue. You rock! Thanks for correcting me and for pointing out this wonderful read in your other comment: http://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/131781/the_internet_su... This is the first I've heard that any insurance company is willing to fully insure any bitcoin exchange, and it's wonderful news. Thank you so much for pointing it out! I'll look into it and see whether it's as good as it sounds. Could rayiner, tptacek, grellas, or anyone else weigh in as to whether this legal defense has a decent chance of standing in a courtroom? (Or whether it's unknown if it will?) This kind of thing seems to be one reason America is still the best place to start a business. I'm saying that in order to spark a debate and challenge that belief. Would anyone please list some actions taken by the US government which is similar in nature to the takeover illustrated here? It seems very similar to what happened in the middle ages. Before the rise of the merchant class, specifically the ability to defend themselves, bullies stepped in and took what they wanted. Pg went into some detail about that in one of his essays about wealth. The phrase "if you let the nerds keep their lunch money, you rule the world" comes to mind. Might that be changing? Is Russia harming itself by taking these actions? What ways might this action backfire against them? Or is this a new model for how governments should treat corporations that dare challenge their authority? EDIT: I really didn't mean to start a flamewar. My apologies. I was hoping to get people's thoughts on whether governments of the future are going to do this kind of thing more and more (including the US). I should have led with that rather than cheerleading America. EDIT2: I would again like to stress the international nature of this threat. This type of governmental action is something that seems likely to eventually threaten us all, regardless of where we're located. As such, the best thing to do would be to discuss possible ways of protecting ourselves. I would also like to apologize for accidentally insulting everyone who lives in places other than America. Phrasing my comment the way I did was a boneheaded thing to do. It currently reads like an elaborate form of trolling, as if I'm snubbing non-Americans. But in fact I'm just poor with the pen and in reality meant to debate the merits of starting companies in various countries, and to call attention to this international threat. I'm quite sorry for how it sounded. In the meantime, can anyone think of ways of protecting ourselves from centralized government action against businesses? They don't appear to be rate limiting their API that allows enumeration of first and last names. Also, We’d also like to address the claim of a “leaked” list of Coinbase emails and user names. This list (the size of which is less than one half of one percent of Coinbase users) was not the result of a data breach at Coinbase. There are 2,040 names on the leaked list. Fun fact: that means there are about 408,000 Coinbase users total. I wonder if that means there are around 200,000 Coinbase users? Depends whether they noticed the dupes. Good catch. That's wallets, not users. That press release was impressive, and I've always wondered how many users they actually had. I didn't expect to find out through a security blog post, but it's fun to know. Thank you so much for pointing that out. It did seem too good to be true. I am aware of multisig, but multisig precludes realtime trading, which is usually the main point of an exchange. It'd be a good idea for Coinbase to implement, though. I have a question for Colin. What's the second-most-critical bug Tarsnap has ever experienced? Just curious. Perhaps we shouldn't call people names? Did FB pay $19B for Whatsapp in order to prevent Google from acquiring their userbase? That is, FB got into a bidding war with Google over Whatsapp? Would anyone explain this concept in technical terms, and metaphors? I need to be sure my mental model of the design is accurate. Also, how are messages routed to the individual microservices? The author says that each microservice receives a note, and if the note tells it to do something it's capable of doing, it returns a result. So my first instinct is to assume that every message is multicasted to every microservice, and as long as you're careful that no two microservices respond to the same type of message, you'll always get exactly one result. (By "multicast" I just mean "every microservice sees every message and has the opportunity to respond to it," not literal UDP multicasting. This could be accomplished e.g. by sticking each message into a Redis list, which every microservice reads in its entirety. That would also give you a nice deterministic replay log for debugging purposes.) I'm also guessing that when a microservice generates a result, it returns that result by e.g. stuffing it into a central Redis server, which is being polled by some other part of the architecture which is waiting for the result. EDIT: Sorry, I meant, does the above design sound reasonable? What are some hidden gotchas? I just came up with it off the top of my head, so it probably isn't great. Next post: Microservice Architectures—"what is needed to create an architecture composed of Microservices" Hmm, well, I eagerly await the next post. It seems like what's needed is a concrete, simple tutorial on coding and deploying a microservice infrastructure. That'd demonstrate that this design is practical and, importantly, would reveal any pain points or cornercases that the design is susceptible to. One pain point is that if a microservice goes down, any messages that were in the process of being handled may be dropped. So there has to be a way to ensure that every message eventually returns exactly one result, and that messages are never accidentally dropped due to microservice crashes. Hmm, the post was completely buried. I'd guess it was an accidental false positive due to the all caps title looking spammy, or a voting ring was detected. The article itself was pretty good. That's a good quote: "What's wrong with bitcoin is that it's ugly." It refers to the protocol and the technical implementation, and it's quite true for the reasons mentioned in the article. For example, it seems possible that the world's largest mining pools may eventually try to unite in order that a single entity can control more than 51% of the hashing power invested into bitcoin. As mining technology becomes more specialized, the probability of this will continue to go up. Being able to control the fate of an entire currency is tempting, and it will get more tempting as bitcoin gains widespread adoption. In spite of all that, it still works, and works reasonably well. The protocol is also full of all kinds of nice features planned for the future. There was an article that went into these plans in a lot of depth (which unfortunately I can't find offhand) but the point was that bitcoin is capable of far more than just being a simple money transmitter. So that's the protocol aspect. But what about the social aspect? How has that fared? It turns out that bitcoin is dangerous to its users. The reason it's dangerous is also its core strength: irreversible transactions. There have been so many losses due to theft and fraud. Some guy on Reddit posted that he'd lost his 16BTC after he took his macbook into an Apple store for some minor repair. Some employee popped his harddrive into an external enclosure and scanned it for wallet.dat files, then made off with his coins by using a mixer. No one could prove anything, and that thief is now thousands of dollars richer while the victim is that much poorer. One unexpected reason for the danger to consumers is the legal protections provided to corporations. It's relatively easy to start an exchange right now. It's as easy as starting a corporation and putting together a website. And if users are persuaded to send their coins to the exchange, and the exchange happens to lose those coins due to e.g. a massive technical problem, an unforeseen protocol problem like malleability, theft by an attacker, or even theft by the founders themselves, then the users are completely hosed. They lose everything. What happens to the corporation? It's dissolved, and that's that. No one from the failed corporation is exposed to any kind of legal risks. That's the whole point of a corporation: so that the people starting them aren't directly liable for the corporation failing. But when a bitcoin exchange or webwallet fails, all of the users lose their money. This unfortunately happened to me on Mt. Gox. They recently discovered 200,000 BTC that they accidentally misplaced, so hopefully those will be distributed among customers in a few months and I'll get about 10-15% of my holdings back. In the meantime, it's pretty clear that the exchanges can basically do whatever they want. How can consumers know which exchange to trust? The answer is that you can't trust any of them. There is no mechanism by which to recover from disaster, and disaster is just a matter of time. Bitcoin The Protocol has the chance to last decades. How confident are you that your favorite exchange (or broker dealer like Coinbase) will last that long? Beyond that, there is still no turnkey solution for consumers to manage their coins themselves. There are solutions , but they are uncomfortable. They require careful reading and time, both of which are inconvenient. The current best solution is a dedicated cold storage computer (or Raspberry Pi) running Armory, and to make multiple paper backups and store them yourself in various locations, so that it's unlikely your computer and your papers are all wiped out simultaneously. And even with that kind of protection, someone can still hold a gun to your head and force you to send them your bitcoin, and there's not a damn thing you can do to protect yourself if they succeed. All transactions on the blockchain are public, so if someone gets wind that you control a 1,000 BTC wallet, suddenly you're a target. If they compel you to send your coins to them and somehow get away, you'll never get them back. Heck, if they force you to send them your coins and don't get away, it's still unlikely you'll ever get your coins back. They'll just sit in prison and bide their time, then enjoy your coins as a pension plan for when they get out of prison. Is there hope? Perhaps. As far as I can tell, what's needed is for an exchange/dealer like Coinbase to purchase some kind of high-risk insurance which is guaranteed to pay out in the event of a disaster. The insurance plan would have to be able to cover all coins that the exchange holds at the time of the disaster. Since Coinbase has >1M user wallets, Coinbase probably controls quite a lot of coins. Let's say that they hold ~1/4th the number of coins Mt. Gox claimed to: about 200,000 BTC. Let's say the price per coin at the time of the disaster is $400/coin. That's $80M of losses which the insurance company would have to cover. And how precisely will they pay out to the exchange's users? Or even to the exchange themselves? Let's say the insurance company hands over $80M. Now the goal is to use that $80M to buy back enough coins from some other source in order to return all lost coins. Well, you can't do it! You'll skyrocket the price of bitcoin from $400 to $MASSIVE_NUMBER if you tried to buy 200,000 coins, especially if everyone realized what you were trying to do. So the exchange may still wind up hosed! And of course, that means the users will wind up hosed in the end. I would email info@ycombinator.com and ask for permission to resubmit it. I'm sure it was just a misunderstanding. For what it's worth, it's a tough problem that you're trying to solve, and the feedback that the community has received thanks to your comments has been awesome. It's probably the most significant step toward fixing the uncivil comments on HN. I just wanted to mention that this is the first time that I can remember missing a major tech news story because it was buried off of the front page of HN. So it's the first time I've felt "out of the loop" due to relying solely on HN as my source of tech news. That said, it's not a big deal. I just felt I should mention it in case others are feeling the same way but aren't speaking up. It might just be me though. And there's nothing wrong with special cases. If this resignation story is just a special case, and the mods wish to bury it due to the sensitive nature of the topic plus the uncivil comments on HN, then that makes a lot of sense. I'm just hoping it doesn't become a trend to bury major tech news stories... EDIT: Er... the story's still on the front page, position #24. I guess I just missed it and then assumed it was buried. It's probably not worthless. It just depends what question you're interested in answering. Expected value is a good one, but personally I was just interested in knowing the ages of all the founders. It's absolutely worthless for an investor who's trying to predict success, though. And since founders are investors of their own time, it's worthless to help you decide whether you should start a company. Maybe not appropriate for HN, but I thought it was interesting that the force of virality is so powerful that a tiny indie game like Goat Simulator could come anywhere close to the extremely popular and profitable DayZ or Rust. It speaks to the fact that there are still opportunities for indie devs to make a name for themselves by making something interesting. It doesn't have to be a social or puzzle game either. That's certainly something people would like to believe, but it'd be interesting to see whether the data backs that up. I've had a doctor specifically recommend one (or cheap bidet setup) for hemorrhoids. That's not TMI. That's important information. Why do they recommend it? After thinking about it some more, I've changed my mind. I think it's far more beneficial to bury a toxic story. I wrote the above comment before actually reading the commentary in the resignation thread. EDIT: The solution of "keep it near the bottom of the front page" is very creative, and it seems like a good plan. It's appreciated that the mod team is putting in so much thought about how to handle this. If it's stolen property, it's a tough situation. What should happen if someone steals the art and sells it through a fencer? Should that customer get to keep it? If not, should it be taken from that customer and returned to its owner? It seems unlikely that's what's happening here, though. But it's an interesting question. I don't know how law enforcement usually handles that situation. For what it's worth, I can vouch for what ghani is saying. It matches up with my memory of the events of Mediacrush on Reddit. I was actually going to compose a similar comment. That said, the way ghani is phrasing the comments is upsetting. They're very rude. There's no reason to be rude even if you're right. Also, the mods of Reddit are a huge problem. They are both the source of Reddit's strength and its greatest weakness. Having those kinds of moderators is the best solution anyone's thought of so far, but it's still horrible (at times). I'm getting the feeling that you're defending the mods so vigorously because you're either a mod or friends with one, but from the perspective of someone who just wants to see good content, they are at times the exact opposite of what Reddit needs. And since they have so much power, the few bad apples make a really big splash. But, yeah... Cmpwn may want to consider being more transparent about their aggressive promotion of Mediacrush on Reddit. For what it's worth, I think it was just a miscommunication issue. People don't understand new things, and you can't blame them for not thinking that your new service is the best thing ever. It takes time, patience, and calmness to get your message through. Dismissing hoverzoom as a non-issue was a very unfortunate decision. It was one of the most damning things you could have done. If I remember correctly, it happened before the recent hoverzoom controversy, and back then everyone on Reddit (me included) was in love with it. Dismissing the inability to link directly to the mediacrush'd gif was also not a good move. If it's impossible to link directly to it, then you have to explain what can be done in order to give users something that simulates a direct link. And, We don't remove any posts where we get negative press. It's disingenuous of you to be deleting your posts on Reddit that reflect poorly on you, and then claiming that you haven't ever done so. Here's an example: http://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/1k6ig4/the_creat... I know how tempting it is to do that. I used to do it on HN. But trust me, letting your words stand and then pointing out what you've learned since then is way better than trying to censor yourself. One possibility is that you and your coworkers are creating multiple google accounts which are being used from the same IP (your work's IP) simultaneously, and since there isn't any history (like email, search, etc) on those accounts then you're setting off Google's spam detector. Not a good situation. I agree that it sucks. But... well, honestly and unfortunately, your best bet is to write a blog post about the injustice and hope HN picks it up. It doesn't sound like he won the birth lottery, except insofar as being born to parents whose primary language was English (his essays are what made him famous, so this extra few years of practicing English was important) and living in a situation where he could attend Cornell. Being accepted into Cornell probably took a lot of hard work. Getting into Harvard after attending Cornell also took hard work. The most convincing argument that pg won any birth lottery that I can think of is that his parents were able to instill a desire into him at a young age to attend an elite university. My parents often spoke of the benefits, but they weren't able to get through to me about the reasons why it's important. Writing SSE assembly (not intrinsics) by hand can sometimes give you over a 10x speedup in an inner loop of a computationally expensive problem, like CPU bone animation of vertices. And while it's convenient to use intrinsics to generate SSE (intrinsics look like ordinary C functions and save you from having to write actual assembly), it's impossible for them to always be as efficient as a clever programmer. I'm pretty sure that generating perfectly efficient SSE from SSE intrinsics is an NP-complete problem. So a clever programmer will always be able to boost performance more than a compiler. That said, the two biggest arguments against assembly are: (a) performance matters much less in the modern day, (b) you kill your portability by writing inline assembly. If you expect your code to run on Windows (and gamedevs expect their code to run on Windows, though this may be changing) you'll need to maintain two parallel, #ifdef'd hand written bits of assembly that do exactly the same thing: one for GCC, and one for MSVC. It's a Royal Pain. Those are two damning arguments, and it's why SSE assembly crafting has become something of a lost art. EDIT: I originally led with "It's disappointing that the author makes no mention of SSE assembly," but this was confusing due to the distinction between assembly vs intrinsics. They did briefly mention SSE intrinsics, but not that hand-written SSE assembly is sometimes superior for raw performance. Also, getting a strikethrough modifier on HN for edits would be wonderful. I'm miscommunicating, sorry. Let me try again: The author talks about SSE intrinsics, which masquerade like regular C functions. But this is a post saying "don't use assembly," and writing the actual SSE assembly can give higher performance than using SSE intrinsics. I meant that I was disappointed he didn't talk about SSE assembly directly. I recently wrote some ARM (Thumb-2, for the Cortex-M4) code. It wasn't very difficult, and the code I wrote was much better than what gcc could produce. Better in terms of code size, speed, or both? (Hm, does code size even matter anymore? Maybe for the CPU cache.) There is no such capability on Windows as a GNU makefile. There is nmake, but it's substantially different. Please don't do this. It will make your code much harder to port. So almost every gamedev will be harmed by this. when I program, I have those pieces of paper around with register allocation tables (1970s-style). Would you please make a video or tutorial demonstrating you doing this? Because that's awesome . Well, of course intrinsics perform just as well as inline assembly when you're doing a single matrix multiply or a single matrix inverse. You won't see any benefit unless you're doing high-throughput computation like thousands of consecutive multiplies. That's when the clever programmer will wipe the floor with your clever compiler. (Well, probably only by a factor of 2x. But still, 2x is better than not-2x in the exceptionally rare case when performance is critical.) I wasn't arguing that people should generally do this. The tradeoffs are rarely worth it. What I was saying is that humans can be more capable than compiler magic, and when it matters, it can really matter. Sometimes by up to 600x, as the other commenter demonstrated. I wrote the primitive operations (multiply, inverse, etc) with intrinsics but my high level code was readable and maintainable C code. What I'm saying is that you have to write an algorithm in assembly which has an inner loop. You can't have the body of your inner loop in assembly, but the looping mechanism in C. This is because you can pull out parts of the algorithm from the inside of the loop to outside of it, or you can prevent the compiler from constantly re-loading from memory into SSE registers inside the inner loop, etc. In other words, what I think you're saying is: for (...) { /* inline assembly or intrinsics */ } What I'm saying is: /* start inline assembly preload anything that can be preloaded into SSE registers loop: achieve parts of the overall goal write any finished operations back to main memory prefetch N cachelines ahead end inline assembly */ It may seem like a small difference, but in the former case, you're still doing a "single matrix multiply" (you're doing them one at a time). I think that might be why you're not seeing much of a difference between intrinsics vs inline assembly. Matrix multiply isn't such a good example... there are better cases like texture lookups in a software rasterizer. Also, the prefetching step is vital. It may be you're not seeing performance gains due to lack of prefetching, which is orthogonal to the debate of SSE intrinsics vs SSE inline assembly. Something like VTune can help reveal precisely why your program is going slow. There are many pitfalls, and it's easy to accidentally optimize for the wrong thing and then trick yourself into believing that particular optimization never helps in any circumstance. You should really be using conditionals in your make file to select source code files. If you start moving your programming logic (even compiletime logic) into any kind of makefile, you make life much harder for gamedevs, because it becomes harder to port your code to Windows. If you care about open source, then this is less inclusive a way to write code. You'll be excluding a segment of your programming community (gamedevs) because they're forced by the nature of the industry to compile their code on Windows. That's changing, but it's changing slowly. In the meantime, some people don't care about that, but it would be nice to get some sympathy when it's so easy to write the code in a way that can include more groups of programmers, which is what open source is all about. Please make a video of the various stages of you doing this! Or a tutorial pointing out how the various progressions look. That's awesome, and it's extremely difficult for others to learn that process except through years of trial and error. And when the compiler wants to use more SSE registers than are available, it will register spill. A clever programmer may be able to avoid that, and that's where the performance boost comes from. You've convinced me to leave that as an ultra-last-resort though, and just try out intrinsics first. Dumb compilers are probably less of an issue nowadays than in ye olden days of ~5 years ago. Thank you for the thorough explanation! The moderators deleted your comments of you defending yourself? If that's true, then that's terrible. My first inclination is to be suspicious of your claim, but that's just evidence of how thoroughly Reddit moderators have convinced people that they rarely do terrible things. CMake is pretty awesome. If that's what they were recommending, then I apologize. It sounded like they were talking about standard make though. Does plan9 use CMake? You can't be serious? What about that moderator who was recently censoring every single post about Tesla off of /r/technology? Then he posted "this website is for insulting people and cat pictures" or something similar in his comments. Moderator actions like that are unacceptable, there is no oversight, and the admins are way too lax about letting mods get away with blatantly being so user-hostile. And let's not forget that companies are figuring out that bribing moderators + paying for votes is one of the best ways to get their content featured. Part of the confusion is the confusing terminology. "Shader" is a bad name. How do you "shade" a vertex? That implies color, when in fact vertex "shading" is really about deforming the position of vertices. It has nothing to do with color! "Vertex program" is a better term. That brings us to "pixel shader." That's actually a good name in order for beginners to learn the concept, but it's imprecise. OpenGL insists on calling it a "fragment program" because with certain forms of antialiasing, there are multiple "fragments" per pixel. "Program" is also a better name than "shader" because there are things you can do per-pixel other than change the color. For example you could change the depth written to the Z-buffer, or you could cause the pixel to be skipped based on some criteria, like whether the texture color is pink. Anyway, it's just a tiny program that executes either per-vertex or per-pixel. For example you could write a vertex program which moves each vertex in a sinewave pattern based on time. Or you could write a fragment program to change the color of each pixel from red to green and back based on time. Then there are more advanced/recent concepts like a "geometry program," which lets you generate triangles based on vertices or edges. Sometimes I wonder if it's overly complicated, or if the problem domain is just complicated. It took me years as a kid to finally grok this, but once I learned it, it turned out to be very simple. Honestly it wasn't until I got up enough courage to sit down with the OpenGL specs and read through them that everything clicked. They're dry reading but not difficult. Yeah, this has the side effect of making it almost impossible for newcomers to have any clue what the heck is going on until they have several months of (painful) experience trying to figure out each piece. It doesn't have to be this complicated. Humans just made it that way. I'm just trying to make sure everyone understands that there's nothing mysterious or even especially interesting about these terms. It's complicated like an internal combustion engine is complicated, not like math. Sure, it did for me. I think mental models are important, and that it's kind of dopey to call something by a confusing name. (I'm looking at you, physics!) But on the other hand, I'm not very smart, and I had to spend most of my time on gradeschool instead of learning shaders. It was also before wonderful resources like stackoverflow/HN/reddit/etc, so there weren't a lot of people to help clarify my mental model. As I've gotten older it's become easier to think abstractly and accept that names sometimes have nothing to do with what things are. But when you're first starting out, it's natural to want to visualize everything you learn as what it sounds like. they require a full understanding of 3D math, the complete graphic pipeline, texture sampling, image manipulation techniques and how it all comes together before you can actually start doing anything useful Hm, not really. I learned more from messing with working demos and prototypes than studying theory. But YMMV. It's absolutely true that the whole pipeline is very intimidating for newcomers, though. I love that phrase... "the learning curve has a slope of 'wat'." Actually, the per-vertex color is passed into the pixel shader, which then decides what to do with it. The vertex shader itself has nothing to do with color except calculating an initial value and passing it to the pixel shader. The pixel shader can be set up to interpret that value as anything. It could make it a grayscale color, it could invert it, it could use only one of the four channels, etc. There used to be no pixel shaders, which is why vertex shaders had to be used to do shading. That was circa 2004 though. EDIT: This paragraph is incorrect, see comment below. Also, the whole idea of "color" in a vertex shader is mistaken. There is only one color: the RGB that ultimately shows up on the screen. Until then, there are values which are passed from the main application source code to the vertex / pixel shaders, which then decide what to do with those values. Sometimes the pixel shader interprets them as a color, but they're really just floating point numbers. That may seem like a silly distinction, but again, if your mental model is incorrect as a newcomer then you're going to have a hard time. Oh! You're right, I was mixed up about the history. Sadly my mixup will probably detract from my other, non-history points as well. Thank you for correcting me. I write shaders when I have to, I'm not very good at it, but it feels fundamentally very broken, much as I picture the days of 16 bit x86 assembly (memory segmentation?). There are arbitrary length, register etc limits per DX version, there's no clean cross platform method of writing shaders, the documentation is fragmented, vague, for the wrong platform or non existent. This is exactly why I push people to try using OpenGL and avoid Direct3D. All of those problems are D3D problems, not shader problems. GL has no arbitrary length limits, and it has extremely accurate and thorough documentation. If a program is too complex to execute properly on the given hardware, then it's executed properly in software. Some see that as a terrible thing, and sometimes it is, but in today's mega-GPU world it's becoming increasingly rare to write shader programs that are so complicated that they have to be emulated in software by the driver. Getting an accurate result seems much better. Each video card has a different limit. If you develop against GLSL, you have the limit of whatever videocard you're using, which is substantially different from what DX would have you believe its limit is. GPUs are capable of more than what Microsoft would have you believe they're capable of. The limits that you're referring to are artificial, because Microsoft mandates that if a pixel shader has more than N instructions then it shouldn't be allowed to compile, regardless of what the videocard is actually capable of doing. It's confusing, and the reason they decided to do it that way was for compatibility across a wide variety of hardware. You're welcome! Please let me know if you have any other questions. I'll do my best to help. :) Also time-per-frame instead of frames-per-second. Would anyone give a more in-depth comment regarding why this didn't happen? Here you go: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/thx.mp3 It came out kind of quiet, but I think the quality is the same. May be able to just run it through a gain filter. Quick! Make a blog post about it so we can submit that too! The attitude is warranted when they're losing other people's money. What's an example of any law that's currently in place which you feel is unjust or unfair? I was just looking for rayiner's take on what makes an unfair law unfair. Wow. I wonder how long it will take them to fulfill 2,500 orders? And I wonder if they were expecting such demand? Their kickstarter was only for $50,000. I wonder how this particular kickstarter blew up like a firestorm? I can't remember whether even Oculus was this quick to sell. Did it make the rounds on Reddit or something? I'm a bit skeptical of their production timeline: https://s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/001/817/031/9e4b8b3d2d62... It looks like they have a lot of potential roadblocks between now and delivering 3,000+ units. They're looking to bring on a lot of people: assembly team, testers, etc. If it's delayed 6 months, hopefully it'll still be a success. Would you mind emailing me the code? I'd like to learn from it. Ah, understandable. Thank you anyway! There's one type of homeopathy story I haven't yet heard: a reformation story. Has anyone heard of many homeopathists who have renounced their ways? If so, then what ultimately convinced them? Hearing that Steve Jobs lost his life due to his insistence to treat his cancer with homeopathy is what convinced me that homeopathy is probably going to be with humanity forever. If someone as shrewd, rational, and rich as Jobs can fall victim to seductive thinking, then it must be true that education isn't enough. In order for education to be effective, it requires someone willing to learn. Was Jobs such a person? If so, then how is it that he still fell victim to homeopathy? It seems being a homeopathist is a part of one's identity, the way being a vegetarian or a democrat or a hacker or a christian is. I don't understand why it's so difficult to change, but it's certainly an example of the destructive power of choosing the wrong identity. Being indistinguishable from a placebo is equivalent to "as powerful as your mind," though. Which is to say, if your mind can't cure cancer, then neither can homeopathy. Isn't that pretty close to demonstrating it doesn't work? Prior to Heartbleed you were protected. Now (unless the service used perfect forward) security the agencies can decrypt all your communications done under the old key (which usually means in the past 2 years). If you aren't using perfect forward secrecy, then presumably you don't care about that. If you do care about that, then you must use perfect forward secrecy. I doubt that PFS will protect against the aforementioned parties, though. Yeah, it's pretty crazy that it's so difficult. It's one of those problems that few people want to make easy. I'm a C++ expert, but I've never touched std::for_each, for example. (I could learn it in about two minutes if it became necessary to know, but it hasn't ever been.) In general, #include is a bit worrisome, because it usually indicates someone is trying to be overly clever with C++. On the other hand, if the codebase is written in that style, then the whole codebase should be consistently written in that style. The inconsistency is the worrisome part: either use it everywhere or nowhere. Anyway, STL is pretty massive, and knowing all of it isn't the same thing as being a C++ expert. Knowing what to avoid is almost as important as knowing what to use. This article is so lightweight and is written in such a linkbaity style that it's hard to take it seriously. The article says you have a 1 in 16,000 chance of being murdered in a given year. To put that into perspective, think about "the 1%". If there's a 1 in 100 chance of you being rich, then the chance of you being murdered is 160 times more rare. (I'm uncomfortable constructing an argument using relative comparisons like that. It feels like a logical fallacy, though I'm unsure which.) Random question: Is Authenticator secure from Google themselves? I thought "yes," but after thinking a little more it seems like the answer is "maybe not." What's to prevent an app like Authenticator from uploading its cryptographic seeds to Google's servers? I was wondering why a company would invest resources into creating an app like Authenticator, which seems to have no obvious path toward monetization. But if the company who writes Authenticator can also spy on its users, then that might be the answer. Those are all fine. Actually, I forgot that sort was in . I was just recalling some of the horrors I've seen due to pre-C++11 fanciness. There seems to be a temptation for C++ programmers to overuse clever tricks. Luckily, with C++11 fewer tricks are necessary. Unfortunately, the gamedev industry will probably be stuck with pre-C++11 for another decade. I believe it. Crafting a weapon that can be used by both you and your enemies would be pyrrhic. The lesson out of this ordeal is probably to be as skeptical as possible of everything you take for granted. How do you know that you're secure? What if your assumptions are wrong? Try to invent ways to break your own assumptions. The best way to protect yourself is to try to defeat yourself. Unfortunately, "ain't nobody got time for that," as they say. But if you find time, it's quite rewarding. And disconcerting. You'll wonder why we're still wrestling with these fundamental problems in 2014, and then you'll start questioning the foundations we've been relying on until now. The problem is that GCs are considered harmful to crypto code, though that may be changing with Go. We won't know for about 5 years whether it's trustworthy, and even then, the side channel threat posed by GC may be worth worrying about. Some big-name cryptographers have started implementing some useful crypto services in Go, so we'll see whether it catches on. EDIT: Is the JVM generally trusted by cryptographers? I just realized that TextSecure is java code. Is the side channel threat posed by GC not too serious, then? Refcounting unfortunately fails for GC because it can't handle cyclic dependencies, e.g. object A references object B which references object A, now neither object will ever be freed even if nothing else references A or B. I don't know enough about it to say anything more than "I noticed some big-name cryptographers have begun writing crypto services in Go, so maybe it's safe." Trusting expert cryptographers to make safe decisions and then waiting five years for cryptanalysis to catch up is probably a safe course of action. (Moreso the "wait five years for cryptographers to poke holes in it" part.) I remember some discussion on HN where someone mentioned that GCs pose a problem for secure code due to the non-deterministic nature of GC. There's apparently a nonzero chance of introducing a side-channel attack via GC. Until we're certain that chance is far closer to "zero" than "non-zero," we should either study that threat vector in detail or find a safer option. It would be horrible to switch to something which is then proven to be broken in some fundamental and unfixable way, such as a GC side channel attack. How is it possible to use refcounting for GC while also correctly handling cyclic references? EDIT: Objective-C doesn't solve the problem at all. (More precisely, it requires manual intervention by the programmer.) See http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6260256/what-kind-of-leak... From the article: "This occurs when one object has a strong pointer to another, but the target object has a strong pointer back to the original." Some backrground info on Objective-C's memory management: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7874342/what-is-the-diffe... It's an interesting approach to insert release calls at compile time. Maybe it's worth not solving the cyclic reference problem in exchange for determinism. Thank you for pointing that out. Reading those headers are fun! That's a genius idea. There is one theory that no one here has mentioned yet: that Mt. Gox was responsible for Bitcoin's meteroic rise in price, and now that Mt. Gox has fallen, the price has been deflating. There is speculation that Mt. Gox had been fractional for at least 6 months, and that Karpeles tried to buy back his losses and wound up igniting the $100-to-$1200 spike. It's interesting that the price has fallen since then, and continues to fall. Either everyone is simultaneously becoming wary of Bitcoin, or there are other forces at work. The other possibility is that since coin is concentrated into the hands of a few, those few can tank the price if they feel like bailing out. Also, it's probably a good thing that the price has been correcting itself. It's still dangerous to its users, so until the fundamental problems are fixed, it probably shouldn't be priced too highly. I've written about why it's dangerous to its users here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7521906 My brain space is limited, so I use it sparingly. Memorizing which header file provides which function is something I've left out. That's what IDEs and Google are for. ;) The NSA may be trying to repair its image. This is a bit offtopic, but I think the NSA is in serious trouble because they need good hackers to join them, and it seems like almost nobody will want to after last year's revelations. (Even their salary offers seem to suck in comparison to an important SV engineer's salary, which struck me as odd.) One way to start to repair their reputation would be to responsibly disclose some vulnerabilities and then take credit for their disclosure. That might motivate whitehats to join them, and whitehats are exactly the type of people they need. In 10 years, the US is going to be in trouble unless they can continue recruiting good hackers. In 20 years, they'll be in serious trouble when foreign powers have clearly begun dominating the SIGINT arena. And at the rate technology is changing, those timelines seem optimistic. Snowden doesn't seem like a blackhat. Certainly looks can be deceiving, but it's hard to believe they'd be so shortsighted as to hire mostly people who are in it for the thrill of doing usually-illegal things. It's like those commenting "that skyscraper is garbage" by someone who doesn't even know what you'd need to build a skyscraper, let alone actually tried to build one. It's nothing like that at all. A piece of code's popularity is no evidence of its quality. Otherwise we'd never have advanced beyond BASIC. Implementing an entire spec is nothing to be proud of. Specs are often over-engineered. This is almost certainly the case for TLS. It's 103 pages long: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5246 We should be questioning the foundations we've been relying on until now when a single vulnerability was able to compromise most of the internet, possibly since 2011. don't let yourself be moved from the task of firing the CTO Would that have a chance of ripping the company apart if the CEO was agreeing with the CTO? It seems like there's probably nothing to gain from the corpse of a company, so would it be better to avoid that? It's not about the language. Languages are easy to learn. I can learn one between breakfast and lunch and be productive by dinnertime. I use Python 2 because of the massive ecosystem of libraries that have been written, work, and will continue to work. It's shortsighted and more than a little irresponsible to shame or muscle people into switching. Code that works is valuable. Code that has been tested for a decade is valuable. What's not valuable is forcing an upgrade to a platform that nobody wants to upgrade to while forcing us to abandon third-party code with years of field testing that the authors aren't ever going to port to python 3. I didn't mean to be rude. I'm sorry if it sounded that way. I think it's both shortsighted and irresponsible to force people to abandon libraries that work. The parent poster wasn't concerned about learning the language. They were concerned about dependencies that work, which is what I was saying: "I care about getting my python script working as soon as possible and for a foreseeable future - I couldn't care less for the Python language and it's future." Yes, I didn't mean "nobody" literally. I should have said "few." That's not complicated for Windows dev. Windows devs are used to a bunch of configuration, because they grew up with it. Besides, those steps are easy to follow, and can be done quickly. Setting environment variables is as easy as writing a .cmd file that sets them for you. Most devs have Python installed. Installing Scons is easy. A paid version of VS can be easily pirated if you don't feel like paying for it. This isn't by accident: MS would rather you be writing Windows software than non-Windows software. And if you're writing software to sell, then a license isn't costly: https://www.google.com/shopping/product/7152061321388788226 Pretty awesome: "Now, a year later, do you have any updates to share regarding your experience with Omaha?" "The update system is still running well with no required maintenance for the past year. The server gets almost a request a second at peak times... Omaha checks for updates every 5 hours. If the version that the client has doesn't match what is published it sends a URL (hosted by Rackspace) of the updater. Omaha downloads, verifies, and runs the updater." So, there's an upfront initial time investment to get it running, and then you don't have to touch it and it still works a year later. Hm. There's a Stack Overflow link elsewhere in the thread... In it, someone reported they were able to set up Omaha and have it continue to work for over a year without needing to touch it once. That's pretty solid. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3711435/what-is-the-exper... Are you sure a day or two of work in exchange for over a year of solid deployment isn't a good exchange? If it isn't, then which alternative would you recommend in order to get similar efficiency? I came here to say the same thing. Also http://www.statisticsdonewrong.com/ Setting aside the fact that allegedly he was doing illegal things, it's interesting to note that PGP didn't protect him. (I'm basing this on two assumptions: SR encourages its users to use PGP, so therefore unless he was blindingly stupid, he, too, was using PGP; and that he never slipped up once. The second assumption is probably invalid.) Anyone have details as to how these charges came about? Eh, I deserve to be downvoted. It's unsubstantiated speculation. I didn't think before I spoke. It's been on my mind a lot lately that we don't have tools to remain private. The only evidence of this is when criminals are caught, because it's rare for evidence of that fact to surface when people aren't doing criminal things, so I pay attention when it happens. I've just been thinking about what it takes to interact with other people while remaining truly private, and it's daunting. If I had written a book on implementing cryptography I've been throwing $20 bills at my monitor so that your book will start downloading, but it doesn't seem to be working. But really, you should write one. Speaking of Java crypto, I have a question. Is it possible a garbage collector might be dangerous to crypto code? I've seen it mentioned on HN that maybe we should be worried about implementing crypto code in a language with a non-deterministic GC, but sadly I can't find those comments right now. TextSecure's crypto is implemented in Java, which is of course garbage collected. Some cursory Googling suggests that Java's GC will suspend the main execution thread during each GC op: http://javabook.compuware.com/content/memory/reduce-garbage-... I'm guessing the concern is that an attacker might somehow discover a way to use the GC to recover sensitive info. It seems like having a GC might cause some other trouble, like making it hard to wipe sensitive data from memory once it's no longer needed: http://books.google.com/books?id=43pcI3in1DcC&pg=PA122&lpg=P... Since TextSecure is currently believed to be secure and high-quality, then it must be true GCs aren't fundamentally dangerous to crypto code, right? (Or at least that Java's GC on Android isn't dangerous to crypto.) If a GC is dangerous to crypto code, then TextSecure would be vulnerable to those dangers. Do you happen to know whether cryptographers as of 2014 generally believe GCs are/aren't/might be dangerous to crypto code? Are there any known attack vectors or proofs of concept? (It would be awesome if anyone could point out any whitepapers on the subject.) == Vim or Emacs == Just pick one and force yourself to use it to the exclusion of other editors. Future you will thank you later, because you'll still be using it 20 years from now. "We are typists first, programmers second" comes to mind. You need to be able to move chunks of code around, substitute things with regexes, use marks, use editor macros, etc. == 6.824: Distributed Systems == http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.824-2013/ Do each lab. Read the discussion and rtm's course notes. == Tarsnap == https://www.tarsnap.com/download.html How to write C. Study the "meta," that is, the choice of how the codebase is structured and the ruthless attention to detail. Pay attention to how functions are commented, both in the body of the function and in the prototypes. Use doxygen to help you navigate the codebase. Bonus: that'll teach you how to use doxygen to navigate a codebase. == xv6 == http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2012/xv6.html http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2012/xv6/xv6-rev7.pdf http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2012/xv6/book-rev7.pdf Read the book. Force yourself to read it in its entirety. Use the source code PDF to study how to turn theory into practice. == Arc == http://ycombinator.com/arc/arc3.1.tar You're not studying Arc to learn Arc. You're studying Arc to learn how to implement Arc. You'll learn the power of anaphoric macros. You'll learn the innards of Racket. Questions to ask yourself: Why did Racket as a platform make it easier to implement Arc than, say, C/Golang/Ruby/Python? Now pick one of those and ask yourself: what would be required in order to implement Arc on that platform? For example, if you say "C," a partial answer would be "I'd have to write my own garbage collector," whereas for Golang or Lua that wouldn't be the case. The enlightenment experience you want out of this self-study is realizing that it's very difficult to express the ideas embodied in the Arc codebase any more succinctly without sacrificing its power and flexibility. Now implement the four 6.824 labs in Arc. No, I'm not kidding. I've done it. It won't take you very long at this point. You'll need to read the RPC section of Golang's standard library and understand how it works, then port those ideas to Arc. Don't worry about making it nice; just make it work. Port the lab's unit tests to Arc, then ensure your Arc version passes those tests. The performance is actually not too bad: the Arc version runs only a few times slower than the Golang version if I remember correctly. == Matasano crypto challenges == http://www.matasano.com/articles/crypto-challenges/ Just trust me on this one. They're cool and fun and funny. If you've ever wanted to figure out how to steal encrypted song lyrics from the 70's, look no further. == Misc == (This isn't programming, just useful or interesting.) Statistics Done Wrong http://www.statisticsdonewrong.com/ A Mathematician's Apology http://www.math.ualberta.ca/mss/misc/A%20Mathematician's%20A... Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman http://web.archive.org/web/20050830091901/http://www.gorgora... Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance http://www.arvindguptatoys.com/arvindgupta/zen-motorcycle.pd... == Above All == Don't fall in love with studying theory. Practice. Do what you want; do what interests you. Find new things that interest you. Push yourself. Do not identify yourself as "an X programmer," or as anything else. Don't get caught up in debates about what's better; instead explore what's possible. It's a little hidden: http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.824-2013/schedule.html Oh, I haven't tried looking for that. If you find a way, let me know! I'd be interested to read it too. I've been wondering: How's Marissa Meyer doing as CEO? I haven't heard much about Yahoo recently except that they acquired some companies in order to get talent in the mobile space. It's been about 1.75 years since she became CEO. Is that enough time for a non-Steve Jobs CEO to change the trajectory of a company? Actually, it's an important point. One way to learn a given coding technique is to copy-paste it into your own project, modify it until it works, and then delete it and re-implement it yourself. (The "delete and then reimplement it yourself" is the important part. Don't just copy-paste code!) That way you can build up an understanding of the code as you go, without having to understand it in its entirety from scratch. Understanding it in its entirety from scratch is the better way, because it gives you a deeper understanding, but people learn in different ways. Anyway, illegal is illegal, and copy-pasting from Tarsnap would be illegal. I didn't know Tarsnap was under a restrictive license. It's a shame that people will have to be so careful when learning from Tarsnap, as it's a paragon of modern C best practices, but maybe the license is shrewd. Though I wish the mentality of "my competitors might steal the code!" will die its deserved death, since evidence thus far suggests it's just paranoia. For example, the codecombat guys open sourced everything and have been fine: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7015126 (But of course that's easy for me to say when I have no competitors to worry about!) Just that Jobs turned a company from the brink of failure to the most successful tech company pretty quickly. But since Apple is an outlier, I was interested in hearing about any other examples of CEOs who have caused big improvements in short amounts of time. Well, the point is to self-study, so I'm reluctant to share my code because people will wind up crippling themselves if they fall back on whatever solutions I came up with. If they read my code before attempting their own solution, then they risk overlooking a simpler solution or one better suited for their own purposes. But... I guess I'll share a side-by-side go/arc comparison of lab 1. Lab 1 itself is pretty simple; most of the work was to port some of go's primitives to arc, like channels. (Note: These html pages are rendered incorrectly on mobile. In particular, the spacing is wrong due to vimscreenshot not inserting &nbsp; instead of actual spaces. Sorry about that. Try viewing these links from a desktop computer instead.) https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/index... Lab 1 in Go: client.go https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/locks... server.go https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/locks... tests https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/locks... output https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/locks... Lab 1 in Arc: client.arc https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/locks... server.arc https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/locks... tests https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/locks... output https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/locks... Git commit log: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/log.h... All diffs between my local codebase and the stock arc 3.1: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/231528979/arc/html/all-d... I was interested in seeing how much code can be eliminated by using Arc instead of Go. Turns out: quite a lot. The server is almost 200 lines of Go code, but about 65 of Arc. The client is almost 120 lines of Go, about 35 of Arc. The unit tests are pretty similar in length (~480 vs ~410) but the Arc version is easier for me to read since there's less visual noise. Anyway it was fun. When I first started programming, a lot of the licensing rhetoric seemed like much ado about nothing. "Look at all these people squabbling about who's allowed to do what with text! It's text! Sheesh!" But one quickly realizes that the concept of software license restrictions is a fundamental reason for the strength and momentum of open source software. Therefore, it must be true that a central tenant of being a good developer is to respect software licenses. Not merely respect them to the letter of how they're written, but to respect their spirit as well. If an author wishes you don't do something with their code, then you don't do it. There are plenty of reasons why this should be the case, but the most compelling for me is that it'd be lame to ignore the author's wishes while using their work, even if the author won't ever know about it. If people are still feeling tempted to lift code, well... Remember that you only get to destroy your reputation once. It's a habit I picked up because Google is my primary learning tool. "Golang how to X" is almost always a superior search phrase than "Go how to X". I think you're interested in PuTTY and that's reason enough to study it. :) Copy what you like, discard what you don't. But do whatever is fun. I wish I'd emphasized fun more, since having fun is one of the best ways to maintain motivation and interest. When Dropbox first launched, there were already 8 or so competitors. If you're wondering what isn't compromised, the information here has withstood the test of time and scrutiny from the crypto community: http://www.daemonology.net/blog/2009-06-11-cryptographic-rig... Barring some major advance in breaking crypto (which is entirely possible) it will probably stand for a long time to come. It's amazing how fortunate it is that it's so hard to make the one weapon capable of destroying the world. Actually, I've always wondered if it was true that humans really had figured out a method of destroying the world if humanity goes insane. Out of curiosity, are there enough nukes to theoretically remove all life? What about all mammals? Would that be a bad thing? (I'm just curious, and have no agenda. I'm ignorant in such matters.) It seems like the proliferation of nukes has resulted in a more stable worldwide society. It's too early to tell, but in a century or two we'll be certain. Is it true that where there are nukes, war isn't? Are resubmissions allowed (or even encouraged) yet? For example, Mt. Gox posted an update 3 days ago, but it only got one upvote (mine was the second, and came three days late). It contained, among other things, news that the company had been turned over to someone else (a Provisional Administrator): https://www.mtgox.com/img/pdf/20140416_002_announce_en.pdf I would say that's newsworthy and worth resubmitting once, but by the current rules I'd risk being banned. One problem with allowing people to resubmit is that they'll probably resubmit too much. It will also push non-resubmitted stories out of the new queue faster. The first might be able to be solved by encouraging the community to be responsible; the second by increasing the number of items displayed on the /newest page from 30 to 120. There is another way to solve new queue randomness: create a page where submissions come entirely from HN members that each user may select. For example, I'd be interested in tptacek's submissions, along with tokenadult, cperciva, yours, etc, so submissions from those members are what my page would show. Each user would be able to select their own list of users that they're interested in. But this might be a bad idea because it will make voting ring detection a lot harder. Another idea is to create a page showing submissions from members that you yourself select. I'd be happy with that, but that's a bad idea because it would divide the community. Pg's short experiment with highlighting users with high average karma proved that this is a horrible situation. What would you recommend in terms of resources for learning the things you've mentioned? OP = original poster. A synonym is "parent comment" or "grandparent comment." In this case it refers to arethuza's toplevel comment. Could it be false that he was a mass murderer and a bank robber? (That's tangental to the original question of famicide, but it's interesting to think that his atrocities were fabricated.) Is there any evidence of this? It seems extremely unlikely, but I'm wondering what you're basing your comments on. I wonder if a space elevator will ever be viable... Is a space elevator a fantasy? Have people given up on it? Deleting all stories containing the word "Tesla" is lazy moderation. That policy was in place for at least some period of time. I mean, you can sympathize with their bad behavior, but ultimately they were de-listed for it. Their bad behavior was a mistake. The best characterization might be to say that reddit is a “part-sibling-once-removed” of Condé Nast. What does this even mean? Someone ultimately has power over Reddit, and it can't be Reddit itself since they sold. So who is it? The blog doesn't answer that. (Using asterisks makes it a little hard to quote you. You may want to use - instead.) - Want to run your sub without downvotes? Sorry (you can hide the button via css, but people can still hotkey it) Downvotes have been in Reddit's DNA since the beginning. This is a reasonable stance. - Have a sockpuppet downvote brigade screwing up your sub? Message the reddit admins and hope they bother reading your message and doing anything about it. Because you have no idea who's doing it and can't really do anything about it. Current best advice is (this is not a joke) "wait for them to get bored". Good advice! What else are they going to do? You can't punish a crowd. - Somebody was granted admin access, kicked the rest of the mods off and has turned the sub to private (and the sub creator is incommunicado?) Tough luck. Maybe a way to transfer sub ownership would be good. Though if the creator decides they're not interested in the sub they themselves created, maybe creating your own and sticking a redirect message on the frontpage is in order. - Want to delete a sub I created? Too bad. A sub isn't merely property of those who created it. It's community property. Personally I think even being able to set a sub to 'private' after it's been created is too much, because it's equivalent to a delete. People shouldn't be able to delete the hard work of a community. - Fuzzed numbers, votes, subscribers, current people on the sub, etc. Some mods don't want it in their sub. Too bad. If Reddit were to show the actual number of upvotes per post, people might feel a little daunted. Right now people think a mere 2,000 upvotes are all that's needed to get to the front page of a default sub, rather than the more realistic 80,000+. They may lose interest the same way most people aren't interested in the presidential elections: they feel their vote doesn't matter. - want to ban some URLs from your sub? try and use the spam filter, but good luck otherwise. AutoModerator seems pretty good for this, isn't it? I think practically what the sub's admins wanted to do was to just push down submissions on certain topics so a wider variety of things floated up, this happens on here all the time. But Reddit's tool set to do the same is pretty ham fisted. It's like changing the battery on a watch using a mallet. I don't know why this story keeps floating in regards to /r/technology, but this isn't it. Some moderator of /r/technology, when responding to censorship claims, responded roughly "Reddit is a place for cat pictures and insulting people. Stop getting so worked up." They didn't take their job seriously, and no one could do a thing about it. That's what pissed people off, and it became pretty clear there was no accountability internal to their mod team. Hm, well, I can't figure out what it is. There's no explanation on how to use it. I tried entering "tptacek" for an HN user name, saw that it turned green, tried pressing enter, and nothing happened. Maybe some kind of helptext would be good? It's the only system we have. The system can theoretically change itself, but that's not going to happen by abstaining from it. Thank you for the perspective. If a website's only option for credentialing is Facebook Connect, I won't be using that website. Ditto for Google Accounts. Maybe it's just me. But if many others on HN feel the same way, then that could be relevant for a new startup who wants to gain traction among a core group of initial users. E.g. I never would have used Dropbox or Airbnb if their only option to login was Facebook. Do you not want the identity provider (e.g. Google) to know every place you log in? (This was something Persona solved, alas...) Do you not want to be reliant on a megacompany like Google whose spam filters might someday hit a false positive, causing Google to ban your account, and there's nobody to call and you're locked out of everywhere? Or is it about separation, i.e. you don't want any single notion of your identity to have too much power if compromised (and you're careful to use unrelated credentials, e.g. distinct passwords, on every website)? Indeed, those are some excellent reasons to avoid any centralized login system. :) Most people won't care, but early adopters might. Startups don't need to care about early adopters after the 'early' stage, but the early stage is critical, so it's just something to keep in mind. Are you ok with the way that GitHub and Ubuntu outsource the storing of credentials to authenticate a "push" by checking against a public key, for which only the user holds the private key? What if more services worked this way? That'd be lovely. Unfortunately the key management problem hasn't really been solved: there's no way to make it easy for average users to create a key and use it on a bunch of different devices. "What you know" (a password) is still way more convenient than "what you have" (a keyfile), unfortunately. I don't think there's any way to solve that without using a third party to sync keys across your devices. Something like that might be able to be done securely, but it'd require a lot of thought and care. (Ultimately we have to trust the service provider with our credentials anyway, so trusting them to sync keys doesn't seem like too far of a stretch.) sudo add-apt-repository ppa:pipelight/stable && sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get -y install pipelight-multi sudo pipelight-plugin --enable unity3d. It's pretty awesome that you've seen so much of the world. I've never been out of America. Which country would you recommend visiting first? I forgot to mention those commands are for Ubuntu, sorry. http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/23qthg/flappy_bird_c... I can't wait until people start setting up fakes that simply take your money, or figure out how to hack these machines into displaying the hacker's wallet instead of the gas station's. Wanna see a magic trick? Avada Kedavra, poof! Your money's gone, and there's no way to get it back. There's no way to prove whether the owner was a victim of hacking, or whether they intentionally set it up to steal people's money. And since the law won't catch up with bitcoin for many years, consumers will bear the risk in the meantime. For example, it is common for criminals to put up fake ATMs, or surreptitiously add hardware to existing ones, so that when you use them they steal your card number and PIN. One could do the same for gas stations, and they could steal arbitrarily much money from you. When someone stole my card and got gas with it, the credit card company immediately refunded me the transaction. If it were bitcoin theft, I would have lost my money. Also, people go to prison for a long time for stealing credit cards. I may have missed it, but I think the law hasn't yet convicted anyone of bitcoin fraud. So there's no deterrence yet. It's a currency with irreversible transactions, meaning there isn't any fraud protection. With cash, the consumer would get their money back. With bitcoin, they won't. The consumer gets their money back not by reversing the transaction, but by calling in the law and getting large men with guns to force the person to return the money. Actually, consumers get their money back by calling up their credit card company, saying "I didn't make this transaction," and then the credit card company issues a refund and a new card. I've done it. Anyone can be a bitcoin payment processor, meaning anyone can set up a fake system to steal your money. The best you can do with dollars is to steal a credit card number, which gets you prison time and no money. As a dad with young kids, I can assure you that if this were to happen to them, I'd wage all-out cyberwar, on the kids and any parents that didn't properly curtail their child's behavior after official notifications. From doxing and redialing faxes to bully-vision youtube channels naming and shaming their family. You will make your child's school life more of a hell than it already is. Somehow, the vast majority of our children manage to come out of them more or less intact. Except the ones who kill themsleves. Or the ones who are fundamentally changed for the rest of their lives. Or the ones who grow a hatred and distrust for the people in charge who did nothing to protect them. Or... The fact that anyone can experience bullying, survive, and go on to be a productive adult is impressive. My point is that many don't. Perhaps most. Your comment serves as "comfort food" for those who would like to ignore the problem: "It's good that most children are strong! And it's a pity that some aren't." But most aren't. People who can be changed so fundamentally for the rest of their lives aren't strong people. Do you happen to remember the paper? If so, would you link to the PDF? It sounds really cool! Interestingly, even though the top answer has 1337 upvotes, it appears none of those people checked whether the answer actually works. Either that, or Mathematica's algorithms have changed since Jan 2012. Another commenter got me curious about just how hand-tuned the answer was, so I fired up Mathematica 8 and put their solution in. I had to dig up the original image using Wayback Machine (thanks, archive.org!) but then, to my surprise, their answer didn't actually work. It merely darkened the image uniformly, meaning it wasn't able to find any potential Waldos. I fiddled around with their solution for a bit, and then finally just hooked their parameter up to a slider. I thought maybe the "level" parameter just needed a bit of tweaking. But surprisingly, it still doesn't work as advertised: http://i.imgur.com/XWNTvYU.jpg Their "level" parameter was originally 0.12, but like I said, that didn't work at all. It doesn't work until the parameter is bumped up to 0.18, at which point it gives the wrong solution (the lower-left circle). Then, 0.19 gives another incorrect solution (the lower-right circle). Finally, 0.20 identifies Waldo. So this solution is a nice way to filter out potential targets, but I wish I could figure out whether the original poster was being shady or whether Mathematica's internals changed since they posted their answer. I'm inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt, but that has me burning with curiosity about what exactly must've changed in Mathematica's implementation. EDIT: I didn't do the most basic of checks: to make sure I didn't introduce any changes in the original experiment. It turns out by rehosting the image on imgur, it compressed the resulting image, introducing artifacts into the color channel. Their solution no longer worked as advertised due to this. That shows how brittle the solution is, though! I wonder if we can make it more robust without fundamentally rewriting it? Can you try http://i.imgur.com/WwQ8P5R.jpg instead of the archive.org link? I rehosted the image on imgur, but it looks like imgur re-compresses the jpg, resulting in differences in the image. If so, then that demonstrates just how brittle this solution is. Changed the correlation value from .12 to .2 and the compressed imgur image has some interesting results (3 circles, one of them is on Waldo): http://cl.ly/image/0Z3k150S2z10 Yeah, I'm getting the exact same results. So it looks like compression is messing with the algorithm's correlation ability. I think the problem is that red color values are often thrown out in image compression (moreso than intensity / green channels). I've heard schizophrenia can be triggered by prolonged stress, e.g. a stressful work environment. (This presupposes you have susceptible genes.) There seems to be a lot of anecdotal evidence supporting this. Do you know whether it's backed up by any research? Or more generally, does anyone know of any (successful) research about whether schizophrenia can be avoided by avoiding whatever triggers it? Or are you doomed if you have the wrong genes? If you do get it, it will probably be quite obvious I think I once read that it's common for schizophrenia to damage the part of the brain that enables you to know anything is wrong, so whoever gets schizophrenia is unlikely to be able to figure out they have a problem. That's why most people with schizophrenia are convinced of their delusions rather than having the first instinct of going to a doctor. But that's hearsay, and my memory is a bit hazy on the topic. Thank you for your insight, and for referring me to the proper literature on the subject. It's very much appreciated. some people might have "imaginary friends" who they chat to about the weather, quietly. Other people have "imaginary friends" who they have screaming arguments with. That's very interesting. I hadn't heard of that before. I wonder if it'd be possible to conduct an anonymous survey as to whether people have imaginary friends that they routinely chat with or get into screaming arguments with? I wish such a survey could be trusted, but it'd probably attract troll results. I was reading about this: http://ge.tt/3nXdgiQ/v/0 , its from Reddit Would you mind linking to the Reddit thread that it was mentioned in? Just curious. Would you mind going into more detail about your workflow? It seems interesting, and I'd like to learn it. You use Ctrl-Alt-F1 through Ctrl-Alt-F6 to fire up multiple terminals, right? You're saying you have screen running on one of those terminals, and then from other terminals you're somehow attaching to different windows of that one screen instance? How's that done? It sounds pretty clever. What are the advantages of doing it that way? Say you don't agree with a particular site that's using adsense. You could (for instance) have you and all your friends click over and over again on the ads on that site, which Google will quickly flag as fraudulent. Is it really that easy to put a gun to any random adsense user's head? It's been an hour, and a very clear trend is emerging: http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=bar+graph+13%2C+5%2C+10... Is there any reason why 4x more people would be banned within four days of a payout than any other part of the cycle? (This presupposes the poll results can be trusted, which seems dubious at best. But if this survey is trustworthy, then I wonder what it implies.) Indeed, thanks! I really appreciate it! I was hoping to hear about their workflow, though. What are the advantages of using that? How does multi display mode fit into their workflow in practice? I could try to think of use cases myself, but I prefer to learn from the experience of others whenever possible. Hmm... possibly. It seems strange that this particular poll would attract so many trolls, though. Surely there are some troll results, but most of the results are showing that people are getting banned within 4 days of payout. As long as >75% of participants are honest voters, then it doesn't seem like the trolls could skew the results to the extent that we're seeing. That's probably true, and in hindsight it's exactly why polls (and statistics in general) are so difficult. Thank you (and also robryk) for pointing that out! HN was seeing 120k uniques as of 2011. This post has been up for an hour, and attracted 105 poll respondents. (120k / 24) is 5000 users, 105 respondents represents about 2% of that. Actually, HN has grown exponentially since 2011. You'll have to extrapolate this chart: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5253773 Also, the traffic fluctuates depending on which part of the day you measure. There are comparatively few people here during 3AM - 7AM in the US. Can you really get banned for "insults/porn words in a title" on your website? Could you provide the email they sent you? That sounds so strange. I cross-posted this from Reddit (where it originally blew up) figuring that a bunch of us might benefit from the recipes. I sure did; they're amazing. But now I'm wondering if I should've let the author submit it instead, so that she could be here to answer questions or get feedback immediately (like "you should make the PDF pay-what-you-want because I'm throwing money at my monitor and it's not reaching your wallet"). Would anyone send her a tweet that her book's being featured on HN? https://twitter.com/leelb Thanks! EDIT: And thank you to the mods for moving this comment chain to the bottom! Wish I could've done it myself. I hesitated to even write this comment since it was offtopic and didn't want it to become the top one, but letting her know her book was on HN seemed important. I don't have an account since it'd probably just stagnate. I guess I could create a throwaway, but I have no idea how twitter works or whether she'd even get a tweet from a brand new account (spam prevention). Figured it's better to leave it to someone who knows what they're doing. In a moment of some depression, reflecting back on sinking so much money into Bitcoin at close to the peak of its price history, I made this: http://i.imgur.com/f3tIJwK.png It's important to understand that Bitcoin is dangerous to you, and you need to respect its danger if you decide to buy some. You need to be using a secure cold storage wallet. You need to not trust services like Coinbase to hold onto your coins for you. Growing up, I'd always heard stories about people who kept cash under their mattress because they didn't trust banks to not lose their money, which made me laugh. Now I get to laugh at myself for trusting anyone but myself to not lose my money. Usually, when you lose money, you get something in return. Even if it's just an opportunity. A risky investment isn't necessarily a bad thing if it fails, because you may have stood to earn a lot if it turned out well. The key thing to understand about Bitcoin is that you can lose all your money in the blink of an eye for a multitude of reasons. I've written in detail about why Bitcoin is dangerous to its users: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7521906 Until there are good and convenient solutions to these problems, it's hard to imagine Bitcoin as anything but a vehicle for speculation. And it's a fine one, too. If you feel like gambling, there's nothing like the rush of seeing whether you're about to gain $50 or lose $250 in the next two minutes. And waking up at 3AM to check the price. (Most of the heavy moving seems to happen in the US off-hours, unless a big news story impacts the price.) The reason I say it's a vehicle for speculation right now is because right now the most sensible course of action for people who are risk-averse yet still want to accept Bitcoin is to immediately convert Bitcoins into dollars. Indeed, that's exactly what Tarsnap does, and probably many other merchants as well. And about the price: it seems mostly determined by a small group of people (probably fewer than 100) who have a lot of coin and who actively try to move the market in their favor. They've been following a rather simple scheme: dump a lot of money into bitcoin to jump the price up $50 or so, then sit back while everyone else reacts by jumping it up another $50, then sell off your newly-acquired bitcoin. Presto, you've earned some money. Possibly quite a lot of money. I don't know whether that strategy has paid off for the movers, but nonetheless it seems to be what they're doing. The long-term price is anyone's guess. I'd say the most valuable insight I learned throughout this whole ordeal is that the market isn't logical, or if it is, you aren't going to be privy to the information it's acting on. The most obvious example of this was when people sold off thousands of bitcoins an hour or two before Mt. Gox published their update with bad news. At face value, it seemed to be a clear example of insider trading. When it happened, no one knew why the market suddenly dropped so much; it was as if the market suddenly went insane and lost faith in bitcoin. In reality, it was probably someone with a ton of coins who caught wind that hard times were about to happen. Bitcoin is an interesting experiment. I like it a lot. I think it has a lot of potential, and that we need to figure out solutions to the fundamental problems like making it easy for people to manage their own wallets without risk of loss or robbery. Indeed: https://hn.algolia.com/#!/comment/forever/0/author%3Asillysa... (I want to preface this by saying that I'm talking about people storing their savings in Bitcoin. If you don't care about what happens to your money, then it doesn't matter whether you trust Coinbase.) The most convincing argument, I think, is that you're putting your faith in an entity that's not FDIC insured to hold onto your entire future and keep it safe. Your savings is your future. If you lose it, you lose your future. You'll have to exchange months or years of your life to get it back, as I now have to. There are many reasons that businesses fail, and it's important to never forget that Coinbase is a startup, and the fate of startups always hang in the balance. There's no reason not to trust an entity that's ensured by the government (banks) with your savings. They won't vanish. The only reason right now to trust Coinbase with a lot of money is if you're hoping the price will rise, as far as I can tell, because there's no other realistic application of Bitcoin right now unless you want to send some money to a friend, in which case you can just buy it as-needed. So it's essentially long-term gambling. Now, there's nothing wrong with that. I knew when I did it that there was a chance things could turn out horribly awry (though I don't think I fully appreciated how "down" the downside could be for me). But if you're going to do it, at least be smart about it: The coolest thing about Bitcoin is that you don't have to trust anybody but yourself to keep your coins safe. There are secure cold storage wallet solutions. Find one, use it. I've heard good things about Armory, for example. It's worth noting that this is exactly, word-for-word, how I wound up losing money in the Mt. Gox collapse. I was lazy. I liked their two-factor authentication. It felt safe, and I liked that no thief could steal my coins without access to my phone. I simply didn't stop to think: what if Mt. Gox failed tomorrow? And then it did. The problem with Bitcoin right now is that it isn't convenient, even if you use these third party services. It's not convenient having to trust the services to provide you with convenience because if they fail, you fail. But, ultimately, if you don't mind losing your money, it doesn't matter whether you trust Coinbase. Agreed. That was actually one of the reasons I originally got into it: I wanted to try to be a part of this movement and help it grow. Even if it was just taking a gamble, I still felt like I was helping it grow into what it will ultimately become (as long as it doesn't fail). Never in the history of the world have people been able to manage a substantial amount of personal wealth without having to trust anyone else. Something like that, regardless of your feelings about Bitcoin, is fundamental and deserves to have its shot at happening. So I just want to clarify that my comments aren't designed to steer people away from Bitcoin. They're to remind people to be smart about getting into Bitcoin. It's still in the early prototype stage. You have to respect its dangers, or else there's this huge chance you'll lose whatever you decided to risk by getting into Bitcoin in the first place. The way to combat this is with arithmetic. Calculate out "if Bitcoin reaches $2000, what would its market cap be? How many people are actually using it? Can it possibly be worth that much per user?" It paints a pretty grim picture for Bitcoin achieving even a 5x boost over the past peak, at least for years to come. Would you mind expounding? It sounds very interesting, but I'm having trouble figuring out how an evil maid attack might be employed against Dropbox-based Truecrypt volumes, since people can't boot from those. I figured that's what you meant, but I'm having trouble imagining how one would modify a truecrypt volume in a way that would give an adversary any advantage: http://www.truecrypt.org/docs/encryption-scheme It seems like if an attacker wants to compromise (not merely corrupt) a truecrypt volume, they'd need to exploit the target machine itself, not just the data being read by it... unless Truecrypt has an implementation flaw like a buffer overflow, and you're suggesting modifying the volume to take advantage of it? Storing a Truecrypt volume in Dropbox would completely invalidate your plausible deniability about whether there's a hidden volume on the drive / whether you have access to it, since an attacker can watch changes in the ciphertext and infer whether you're using a hidden volume. But I thought it was impossible for attackers to generate new ciphertext that decrypts to valid plaintext unless they had the keys, at which point they've already won. So it seems like there's no way to modify the truecrypt volume except to corrupt it. Hrm, I'm out of ideas. Sorry, I just like to learn as much as possible, and what you suggested sounded very interesting. Don't worry about explaining it unless you want to... I imagine my questions are kind of annoying. I'll research it more. [private key disclosure or remote code execution] seems definitely achievable under some applications of FDE and some assumptions about the state of attacker's knowledge It is? That's very interesting! May I ask, what are some of those applications of FDE / assumptions of the attacker's knowledge? This whole thing is quite fascinating. History is littered with examples of superior forces failing to achieve victory due to mismanagement or deception. Anyone who's tried to seriously play competitive games will say the same thing: it's not over until it's literally impossible to win. You're correct that the Germans had a supply problem. But that might not have been as decisive as Hitler's decision to sacrifice the entirety of the 6th Army at Stalingrad for mere prestige, for example. It was a stroke of luck that Hitler was so stupid as to not listen to his commanders and make so many blunders. Some have called Hitler our best ally in the war, since his mismanagement was responsible for so many strategic mistakes. If a different type of person had been in charge in 1943, there is a sizable chance the war could've been won. The production problems were hard, but not decisive to the point of making victory vanishingly unlikely. If I had fully appreciated that there was a significant risk of my purchase completely vanishing overnight, I wouldn't have made the purchase. I had planned for "What if the price falls to 1/3rd of its current value?" At least I'd still have 1/3rd of the money. But zero is a much lonelier number. Bitcoin is speculation. Not only is it speculation, but it's the kind of speculation where you can fail for reasons beyond your control and which no one knew existed. (See transaction malleability, which hit the reincarnation of Silk Road pretty hard.) Losing your coins to theft or third party loss is simply spirit shattering, and unless people are truly okay with their coins literally vanishing, I would hold off on converting a sizable portion of your wealth into coin. It's easy to say that you'd be okay with losing it all, but the reality of it is much harder to deal with. I don't understand. It's BitcoinWisdom's default chart, and BitcoinWisdom is used by many traders in the Bitcoin community. What relevance does logarithmic scaling have here? I wasn't saying the price was going to continue to linearly trend to zero. That would be impossible. I was saying I was an idiot for gambling that it wouldn't trend from $1100 to $400. There's plenty of warning signs for Coinbase right now, but people dismiss those. The difference is that Coinbase hasn't failed yet. It's easy to try to dismiss Mt. Gox as a one-off, but something like a dozen exchanges have already collapsed due to insolvency. It's the norm, not the exception. It's hard to imagine Drew not caring about design, or not understanding the things you've mentioned. Dropbox succeeded over other competitors mostly because of its fantastic design and user experience. Is Dropbox simply so large now that it's becoming just another typical big company with dysfunction typical of big companies? If so, that's unfortunate. I wonder if YC could amass some wisdom about how to stave off such problems after companies grow really large. Thanks for chiming in with an inside view, by the way. Mr. Summers also notes that the existing system requires “enormous investment” in mitigating credit-card fraud Or, worded differently, the existing system protects consumers victimized by fraud, whereas Bitcoin doesn't (and won't ever be able to reverse a fraudulent transaction). Fraud protection is a good thing. We should be trying to figure out how to get it into Bitcoin. YC should fund a company that aims to protect consumers from the risks of Bitcoin. Something like "trust us with your coins, and if we lose them, then this insurance company is guaranteed to pay you market rate for your losses." I've been mulling over whether it'd be possible for Coinbase to get the equivalent of FDIC insurance. That would turn them from being "it's insane for anyone to trust you" into "you just became an awesome bank." I can't think of any choice for exchanges or webwallets: either get insurance or erode consumer faith in bitcoin. And since it's so hard to get insurance, it's likely that the first one who does will have a huge advantage over everyone else. I have no idea whether it's possible in practice to insure bitcoins on a large scale. I'm only saying that it's absolutely needed, because it's absolutely necessary for consumers to be able to trust some third-party service with their coins the way they trust a bank with their dollars. Either that, or make it trivial for people to manage their own coins as trivially as Coinbase does, which seems implausible. When I point out that credit cards are superior to bitcoin from a consumer perspective, people sometimes counter with "you pay for that with 2% higher merchant fees, etc." But that's a small price to pay to guarantee you won't suddenly be unable to pay your phone bill next month due to theft. I've mentioned before, but someone once stole my credit card and got gas with it. I called up the credit card company and within 10 minutes the transaction was refunded and I was issued a new card. It would be amazing if that could be the case with bitcoin via some kind of insurance plan. I wonder if it's possible... I heard that too, but unfortunately it looks like Xapo seems to be misrepresenting themselves to consumers: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7510403 http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/20dolm/psa_xapo_doe... The top comment from that Reddit thread shows a pretty compelling discrepancy that probably indicates there's no way Xapo is actually able to provide the guarantees it's claiming: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/20dolm/psa_xapo_doe... This is the sucky nature of Bitcoin circa 2014: before you trust anybody, research every single claim they make, else lose your coins if things go badly for them. Someone who works for Xapo posted a less-than-compelling counter-reply: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/20dolm/psa_xapo_doe... ... and it strikes me as very foolish to trust that claim at face value: The amount of reserves required to be fully-insured involves understanding specific methods of cold storage then applying actuarial methods for estimating losses, as well as other calculations. That's the language of someone who can't outright say "we won't be able to survive catastrophic losses, and in that circumstance, you'll lose your money." Something like an insurance guarantee needs to have a clear example of how payouts to consumers actually happen in the event of fraud. What can consumers expect? Will they pay market rate at the time of fraud, or will they pay current market rate? How long will it take to receive payment? Will they pay in dollars or coins? How can consumers really trust that you'll be able to cover the loss of n_users * price_per_coin? Look up some of the stories of people literally becoming homeless due to losing their coins when they were stolen from Silk Road 2. People aren't rational. They don't store "just what they can afford to lose and no more" in a webwallet, apparently. You could counter that by saying "Oh, those are just drug addicts. Normal people aren't that dumb." To that, I can point at the example of the Mt. Gox collapse. There you have a case of people going from millionaire status to "looks like I'll have to find a job and keep it for a long time" status in the blink of an eye. One of the bigger losses was 4,700 BTC: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1yv26o/gox_horror_s... And lastly, you can't have it both ways. Either Coinbase is trustworthy enough to keep your personal savings safe, or it's insane to trust them with any amount of money that you care about not-vanishing. Oh, my apologies! I made the wrong assumptions based on how confident it sounded. For those who have a difficult time believing my information I ask you to simply ask Google and their representatives the right questions related to my first release of information. Force them to answer those questions specifically. Ask them “is there a VIP status for publishers”, ask them “why do account bans always seem to occur just before payouts”, ask them “why do you fail to provide reasons and evidence of your allegations against publishers”. Keep asking such questions, keep digging, and you will come to find out by yourselves that everything I have stated is completely true. Like many have said, it will be difficult for them to hide it now. This reads a bit too conspiratorial, I think. Damning implications usually have benign explanations. It's a transparency problem: Google isn't transparent about its actions, so that fosters an environment where people are inclined to want to believe this kind of story. But until there's some solid evidence, there's really no reason to assume it's true. I'm-on-the-subway-and-don't-know-anyone-so-I-better-not-look-silly kinda app Hmm, what does this mean? I really don't understand, sorry! Sounds interesting though. Can Facebook afford a much bigger offer? Let's step back and think about what it is we're all nodding our heads to. If a pioneer like Carmack can be dragged under with a little bit of legal schenanigans, what chance does any of us have? The core issue is that Carmack wanted to leave Zenimax and do something else. It's about freedom. That freedom is being challenged, and it sounds like everyone here is agreeing that it's sensible for a fellow developer to be denied it. If Texas leans the wrong way, it must be challenged. It's ridiculous that Zenimax could possibly pull something like this with the full support of the law. Yeah, you're right. I was just surprised that there wasn't more pushback on this point: "The question that isn't answered here is, well, does Id own Carmack's work?" It's up to you how much to disagree with the concept of programmer slavery. Personally, I find it abhorrent that we've allowed the law to evolve into a state to permit it at all. But this is idealism and not pragmatism speaking, and this was a subthread about pragmatism. Sorry. "Hey, we're not just going to give you everything on this user. In fact, we'll notify the user unless you provide more justification or background on the reason for your request," It seems like it isn't necessarily a good idea to let companies decide whether an individual request is justified. Suspects are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. It's up to our society to remember that they are indeed innocent unless proven otherwise, and there's no way at that point for the investigator to prove anything. Imagine that an investigator comes to Facebook and asks them for information regarding one of Facebook's employees. Facebook asks why, and the investigator responds that they suspect they're involved in something like what you've mentioned. At that point there's a chance FB might become extremely uncomfortable retaining the services of that employee, even though nothing has actually been proven yet. Accusations like that can ruin lives. You make some good points, and it might be good to have more open communication between law enforcement and companies. It just seems a little dangerous. There are some unexpected ways that it could turn out to be a bad thing. Could we please keep the argument impersonal? Saying something like "you should acquaint yourself with the idea" forces me to either respond "I was in fact already familiar with the idea" or keep silent and let you make presuppositions about what I don't know. The former makes for boring reading; the latter is unfair. And to the other commenter who has accused me of lacking perspective and being disrespectful: it must be nice having enough money where you're not forced to choose between accepting a contract that strips you of your right to work on what you want in your own free time, or letting your cat die from cancer you can't pay to treat. If that's not some form of slavery, then apparently I do lack perspective. (If there's some confusion as to how this relates to the original topic, it's because the exact same form of law is being applied in both cases: it's considered normal and fair for companies to offer contracts that default to stripping programmers of their right to work on what they want in their free time, and it's up to programmers to be extremely careful not to accidentally sign something that does so. Apparently even Carmack isn't free from this, and that's what prompted my original comment.) As for the argument, I should choose to bow out rather than write a lengthy expansion of my thoughts, as this is the wrong subthread for it. Maybe I'll post a toplevel comment later if there's sufficient interest, but there are probably more important topics to discuss. Facebook can very quickly look at the suspect's messages to the victim for example and see clearly if the s/he is a real threat before notifying anyone. The thing is, at that point we'll have to concede that it's normal and proper for companies to be examining private communications. It's equivalent to a phone company keeping a log of all phone conversations transmitted on their network, then listening to them on a case-by-case basis. It strikes me as odd that it's illegal to do that for voice conversations but not illegal to do that for text conversations. https://www.google.com/search?q=define%3Aslavery a condition compared to that of a slave in respect of exhausting labor or restricted freedom. I've been using this definition the whole time. I really didn't want to have this debate, but you're hunting me through the comments and forcing me to. How is it disrespectful to use a word in the way that it's defined? I'm genuinely curious and looking to learn. Programmers seem naturally inclined to name their projects or companies inappropriate names. I once thought about writing an open source Bitcoin exchange focused on security. When I was trying to think of what to call the software, I named it the "s-exchange" library (short for "secure exchange"). Eventually I shortened the name to "sexchange," did a double-take, burst out laughing, then debated whether or not to keep it. The temptation was strong. I'm not one to really care about what other people think, but on the other hand, there's no reason to portray yourself in a negative light needlessly. It'll just alienate people from your goals for no reason. I guess it's a language primarily by and for text editor users, and I'm beyond that point these days. What do you mean? EDIT: Imagine a programming language designed around an IDE. Fun thought. Not sure whether it's a useful thought, but it's fun to think about. Hmm... I don't understand why it has to be Text Editor vs IDE. The two concepts are orthogonal. One is for editing text; the other is for understanding and autocompleting text. If their concern is that there aren't any good tools for Rust yet, that'll be solved with time. No, no... I'm sorry if my comment sounded strange. I wasn't being ironic or snarky, I was being genuine. What are your thoughts regarding IDEs vs editors? It's an important topic. The internet seems a bit obsessed with this kind of thing. From /r/cringepics to this, the goal seems to be to make fun of other people. It's like an extension of highschool: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7690995 I'm genuinely curious, what takeaway is there other than "Ha ha, look at that idiot"? Some say that it indicates social maturity: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7690934 I don't understand how making fun of people is socially mature. Or is that not the goal here? Which reading would you recommend? Does Apple really spend $3B+ on R&D? That's interesting. By the way, on Chrome, I can't move at all. WASD nor arrows work, but the other controls (like X) do work. EDIT: Got to a score of 7 then the game froze. I think it's a bit unbalanced at the moment... there's just too much advantage for revealing yourself: you get to run very fast, and you can easily maneuver behind people. Also, there are a lot of netcode issues such as entities showing up that aren't actually there. It's pretty fun though! EDIT2: Yeah, there's some kind of freeze (infinite loop) bug on Firefox that sometimes triggers after killing someone. Makes it hard to play... I think this game has a lot of potential. You should put in a leaderboard to see who has the highest score. EDIT3: Managed to trigger the "can't move" bug on Firefox, so it looks like it's not browser-specific. Then I triggered the freeze bug after pressing Z, so it looks like it doesn't matter whether or not you've killed someone for triggering the freeze. What can I do in these 4 months to maximize my chance of success at this company? This presupposes that it's worthwhile to be successful at that company. Most companies aren't worth it. In fact, there's a correlation between a company being well-known and a company having horrible code. It depends what you mean by "successful" though. I'm defining success as "increasing one's skill." But that's completely orthogonal to most people's definition of success, which is "climbing the corporate ladder." If you just want a secure job, focusing on your software skills isn't the way to go. Focus on your connections at the company and how you present yourself. Your connections will mostly determine whether you'll continue very long at the company. (This assumes your skill is above a certain minimum standard of quality.) Companies aren't meritocracies. I shouldn't have used the word "horrible" when describing a codebase because "horrible codebase" has very different meanings for different people. The code of well-known companies is typically great from a business standpoint, otherwise they wouldn't have become well-known. By this definition, Mt. Gox's codebase was fine right up until they imploded, because the only reason they were large enough to matter is because rolling out features was the highest priority. But you can see how, to some, this is a distasteful definition of "good codebase." First mover advantage is one of the most powerful forces in the startup ecosystem. The only way to exploit first mover advantage is to be the first to market, which sometimes means skipping many of what programmers consider best practices. The general principle is that it's hard to grow large by having a bunch of principles, because principles slow you down. Idealism tends to be the opposite of pragmatism, and being pragmatic seems one of the most important qualities for success in business. There are exceptions to everything, of course, and I'm not claiming that all well-known companies have codebases that most programmers would consider bad. I've heard Google's codebases are pretty good, for example. Viaweb grew large, and I know how obsessive pg is about code quality. All I'm claiming is that unless the culture of the company has valued code quality from day one, the codebase of a well-known company will generally not be very good. I.e. there's a correlation between being a well-known (read: large) company and having a codebase with more hacks than most would be comfortable with. So it seems to be the default. Maybe it has nothing to do with the size of a company or how well-known they are. Maybe it's simply that most codebases aren't very good. But it seems to have a grain of truth that business forces tend to push codebases in a negative direction by default. Additionally, it seems like most codebases you see on github are actually pretty good; better than what you'd see at most companies. But in general, the companies we've heard of are the ones who survived long enough to become well known True! and in that case, I suspect that their code is very maintainable Unfortunately, there's no relation between a code's maintainability and its business viability. For example, if that were true, then there would be a correlation between beautiful codebases and codebases which make money. In my experience there is no such correlation. Businesses generally maintain their codebases by hiring people to work on it rather than adopting good practices from the start (so that they don't have to hire more people to work on it). That's why startups have another advantage: they can work much faster than big companies, because big companies generally have to deal with ten metaphorical tons of code bloat, which slows them down almost as much as their bureaucratic nature. I'm quite certain that the current TextSecure chat allows my proposed scenario with Alice, Bob and Carol to go through without issue. This is the main problem here. So while transcript consistency is discussed in the blog post, it remains the case that Alice can send a different message to Bob and Carol without being detected. Are you sure this is correct? From the blog post, it seems like this is impossible: https://whispersystems.org/blog/images/groups-pairwise-optim... However, there’s an optimization we can make for longer messages and media. The sending client generates an ephemeral symmetric key K, encrypts the message with K (C = EK(P)), and then transmits a single copy of the ciphertext (C) along with the pairwise encryptions of the plaintext hash and the small key K: So, when a client wants to send a message to the group (like "How are you?") under this scheme, the client encrypts the message using a random encryption key K, yielding message ciphertext C. The client transmits to the server, then the server sends C to every other member of the group. Since C can only be decrypted by someone who knows K, our client must of course send K to every other member of the group. This is easily accomplished: the client encrypts K once per other member. So, if there are N members in the group, this yields N-1 small ciphertexts. Let's call them "key ciphertexts". These "key ciphertexts" are sent to the server and routed to the appropriate recipient, who decrypts it, thus receiving K. Then the recipient decrypts C using K, yielding the client's original message ("How are you?"). So even though the client is indeed generating a ciphertext per recipient, that ciphertext contains nothing but the decryption key K. It doesn't contain the client's actual message. The actual message is contained in ciphertext C, which is generated by the client and sent to the server only once, and C is relayed verbatim to every other member. That's why I say your attack seems impossible: every member has the same message ciphertext, C, so there's no opportunity for a malicious client to send different message ciphertexts to different clients.) As long as TextSecure uses this implementation of group messaging, then your attack shouldn't be possible, right? If you try to decrypt C with any key other than the K that was used to encrypt it, you'll get gibberish (the decryption process will fail). As far as I know, it isn't possible for an attacker to generate a message ciphertext C such that two different decryption keys would both decrypt to valid plaintexts. There can only be one valid decryption key; trying to decrypt C using any other key would yield random output, wouldn't it? Instead of writing your comments for Thomas, why not write them for the HN community? We're all very interested in hearing your thoughts. Thomas poses some good questions; why not consider answering them for us? I think it's important for us to acknowledge just how much _luck_ plays into the success of creations like 2048. Granted, the game is stellar and beautifully crafted, but there was a lot of luck involved in the wave it got to ride, from the timing of release, to the time it was posted to HN, to the people who tweeted about it, and so on. Hype (marketing) plays a role, but I think a game's popularity is generally a function of its addictiveness multiplied by its quality. There are exceptions, such as Goat Simulator (which was almost entirely a fad) but it seems like the inherent nature of 2048 would let it succeed in any era. It's viscerally addictive for many people, so as long as you can get some number of people playing it, it'll do fine. It seems like another reason 2048 was successful is because it was open source from the start. There were about a dozen remixed versions of 2048, and few of those would have happened without the source code being available from the beginning. People would have made their own versions, but it would have taken a lot more time than "let's just use this code that already exists." Matasano: http://www.matasano.com/ It's a well-respected security firm that's been around for a long time. When it comes to security vulnerabilities, hackers usually sell them to the highest bidder, which is why it's good for the highest bidder to be the bug bounty program. Recognition is nice, but money fixes problems. Thank you for the wonderful article! If anything, this is more evidence that money is more important than recognition, so bug bounty programs had better be lucrative. It seems like if Google were to offer a $1M bug bounty tier, it'd be much more likely that Vupen's exploits would be discovered by someone else. freez.es would be a fun name for a programming blog. It seems like the best way to design a codebase is to redesign (rewrite) it several times and then go with the most succinct design. For any given problem, it's unlikely you'll design the codebase properly on the first try. Also: when one writes code, there are only real, present requirements. The future is pretty irrelevant I'd disagree with this. The future of your codebase matters unless you're writing a throwaway prototype. And when you rewrite a codebase N times, you'll discover that there are ways of structuring it so that future tasks will become far easier. E.g. for Lisp you'd refactor common patterns into utility functions, and for C you'd carefully craft the interfaces between modules so that they're unlikely to be used improperly / unlikely to be surprising. The $10M belongs to Google in the show (they use different names for companies/people, but the parallels are obvious.) You may also be "bound" to Google for some indeterminate amount of time, as an employee. What does it mean that the $10M belongs to Google? What's the point of the poll if you don't actually receive the $10M? Getting $10M in exchange for being a Google employee for four years is such a good deal that it's hard to imagine how turning it down wouldn't be a mistake. You're not rich until you exit, and achieving an exit is much harder than getting a high valuation. Remember, pg sold Viaweb for roughly $10M (his share), and it took him about four years to do it. For a non English speakers, they usually take some time to reply and most of the time they end up with `expired link`. I doubt the user who wrote very big comment (usually highest rated comment in that thread) use HN editor, I guess they first write in the word processor and then copy it here since the amount of time it involved in writing comment is not sufficient. I use the HN edit box. On mobile, I take care to copy my comment to clipboard before submitting it, so that if I hit the unknown/expired issue then I can hit the back button, refresh, paste, and resubmit. On desktop it's a nonissue because when it happens you can hit the back button and (in firefox/chrome) the edit box will have dutifully saved your whole comment, so nothing will have been lost. There isn't an obvious way to fix this without dramatically changing the way pages are rendered. Actually, it's easy to fix, because it's easy to turn dynamic urls ("fnid" urls) into regular URLs (something like "/submitreply?id=xxx"). They just haven't gotten around to it yet, which is fine. Of course. Their time is limited, and they spend it on more important matters: how to get better stories, how to detect voting rings, how to eliminate randomness of whether stories are upvoted during their short time in the /newest queue, etc. I'm happy they spend their time working on what matters; unknown/expired link is a nonissue in comparison. He was sentenced to life in prison for his crimes by the Bangladeshi International Crimes Tribunal. But many Bangladeshis found that sentence too lenient, and more than 100,000 of them gathered in Shahbag Square in the capital city of Dhaka to challenge it. It's interesting that so many people gathered solely to express "we want this guy dead, not imprisoned." I wonder if there's more context? Examples, please? If you have the time. How is it so fast? Files are mmap()ed instead of read into a buffer. It's hard to believe this would give a significant performance boost. Is there evidence of this? If anything, that post is evidence of how tricky optimization is, and how easy it is to fool yourself about what matters. It's probably best to be skeptical about mmap() as a performance optimization over reading into a buffer unless evidence demonstrates otherwise. Most OS's do a pretty good job of caching at the filesystem level, and under the hood paging is essentially reading into a buffer anyway. mmap() might make the code simpler, but it's hard to imagine it makes it faster. If it does, I'd like to understand why. EDIT: The post was http://geoff.greer.fm/2012/08/25/the-silver-searcher-benchma... So are we talking about constant-time optimization, then? I.e. it shaves off a few milliseconds regardless of how complex the search is, or how many files it's reading, or how large each file is. I'll happily concede that mmap() might do that. But a performance boost linear w.r.t. search complexity/number of files/filesize? Hard to believe, and I should go measure it myself to prove the point or learn why I'm mistaken. Now I'm burning with curiosity. I have to know why! My plan: - replicate the experiment, confirm --mmap shaves off a non-negligible amount of time. It could be that his computer happened to be running something in the background that was using his harddrive, for example, which would skew the results. - look at the code, figure out the exact difference between what --mmap is doing and what it does by default. Confirm that the problem isn't in grep itself (it's probably not, but it's important to check). - dig into the kernel source to figure out the difference under the hood and why it might be faster. That's what has me so curious, because it doesn't seem like copying between kernel/userspace should account for a 20% speed drop. Once data is in the L3 CPU cache, it should be inexpensive to move it around. Regarding my ancestry, I'm sillysaurus3 because I've (rightfully) been in trouble twice with the mods for getting too personal on HN. I apologized and changed my behavior accordingly, and additionally created a new account both times to serve as a constant reminder to be objective and emotionless. There's rarely a reason to argue with a person rather than with an idea. Debating ideas, not people, has a bunch of nice benefits: it's easier to learn from your mistakes, it makes for better reading, etc. It's pretty important, because forgetting that principle leads to exchanges like https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7700145 Another nice benefit of creating a new account is that you lose your downvoting privilege for a time, which made me more thoughtful about whether a downvote is actually justified. http://paulgraham.com/submarine.html The internet companies need to lobby, sure, but they also need a "hook." And "openness" and "neutrality" which are words that resonate in Silicon Valley on their own are not ones that resonate in Washington. What would you suggest they do? Microsoft seems to be rapidly losing mindshare. Why nobody is showing concerns about her to the USPTO? This feels a little too close to being a witchhunt. Once we start talking about "why isn't the internet reporting these people to their employers?" the conversation has stopped being about ideas. EDIT: The concerns seem justified. I'm just saying that maybe we shouldn't be trying to use HN to organize the end of individual careers. Calling attention to the fact that this patent was examined by particular individuals seems ok. It's just a fact. Using HN as an organizational vehicle to help angry people on the internet get some specific people fired, by name, would be a troubling new trend for HN. We're a community, not a task force. How do you feel about filing complaints against cops for, say, beating up arrestees? What about taking bribes? Oh, there's no question: I love being beaten by police officers! And bribery is good for the soul, don't you think? Seriously though, using HN as a way of organizing large numbers of people to action against specific employees is probably stepping a bit too far. That's almost the very definition of an internet witchhunt. Getting these people fired won't fix the underlying problems. I found another way to not feel bad - I started drinking. At least I'm not pretending to work anymore! Win-win. What do you mean? What research are you working on? I'd argue (as would most of the free software community) the creation of proprietary software is entirely bullshit. Because you have to eventually reinvent it with either permissive or copyleft licenses to just avoid the huge black hole that is legal bullshit and bureaucracy around licensing rights to a number that is not even scarce once its made. Game engines are a counterexample. There are probably dozens of others. I'm trying to figure out what people are arguing against. Would you help me understand? Let's assume your argument is true: creation of most proprietary software is entirely bullshit. Ok, so? I'm just trying to understand, why be at work on the weekend or after hours unless you need/want to get something done? (Man, I wish HN had a private messaging system, because I usually have questions that interest me but aren't really appropriate to ask publicly. Thinking of writing one...) Can you mess it up? Lay the phone's camera facedown on computer desk. It'll probably be a black picture. There's still noise in the picture even if it's entirely black, but Whether it's possible to generate secure random numbers via nothing but that noise is an open question. The prize pool for the upcoming Dota 2 tournament is now the largest prize pool ever in esports history, which is why I'm submitting it to HN. It's an interesting new phenomenon, because it seems to indicate that esports may finally be taking off. Valve basically crowdfunded their tournament prize pool. They started out by offering an initial $1.6M prize pool, but gave every dota 2 player the option of buying a "compendium" for $10, and each compendium increases the prize pool by $2.50. That means Valve makes $7.50 per compendium sold. I just ran the math, and as of right now there have been ($3,365,563 - $1,600,000)/$2.50 = 706,255 compendiums purchased. Since Valve earns $7.50 per compendium, that means they just made $5.3M in a couple days. And they're set to make even more next year, since the Dota 2 playerbase has some nice exponential growth: http://steamgraph.net/index.php?action=graph&appid=570&from=... I'm not sure there are any articles about this yet, because this news is so new. I wish I had a decent article to submit to HN instead of this link. But this is certainly newsworthy, so it's a matter of time before you start hearing other news sources talking about it. EDIT: If you're looking to see what a Dota tournament is like, here are two great matches from last year: Game 1 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaGSi1YTA-E Game 3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajQuCZx-yx8 The production quality is so good! EDIT2: Also, Valve made a movie called "Free to Play" which documents what life is like for top-tier Dota players: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjZYMI1zB9s Ah, thank you for correcting that. Valve's profit is probably a function of the current prize pool, right? So it seems like they should have made at least 2x above what they're offering. Since the pool increased by $1.76M, it seems likely they've made at least $3.5M. But I'm just speculating based on intuition. If you have hard details, please post 'em! Blizzard's making a competing title? Heh. I'm pretty sure the creator of Dota offered Blizzard the chance to create Dota 2 back in like 2009, but they turned him away. He wound up going to Valve and they made Dota 2. What's Blizzard's new title? Thanks for pointing that out! Yeah, agreed, that's Dota's single biggest flaw: it's hard for newcomers to watch it and enjoy it like a game of football. Although, in fairness, football's popularity may have something to do with that. If you watch Free to Play (linked above) it helps clarify things somewhat. (It's pretty interesting anyway.) But it may be an unsolvable problem, which would be unfortunate. Then again, the tournament scene is still in its nascent stages. Once the production quality goes up some more, there may be a brief intro for each hero selected that describes to the audience what the hero can do and what its items usually are and what they do. Hi! You should buy a Razer Tiamat, and a computer capable of running it. It's a 7.1 surround sound headset. It's different from other surroundsound headsets in that it's truly surround sound: there are a bunch of actual tiny speakers inside each ear which physically emit sound from different directions. The experience is incredible! It's nothing like headphones with two speakers, or any of the "virtual surround sound" stuff. People think we only need two speakers because we have two ears, but it's not true at all. Two speakers work sort of okay, because everyone's used to them and our audio presently is made to work for them, but surround sound is far superior. Unfortunately it requires a desktop computer that has 5 plugins for the audio. (Front, front-left, front-right, back-left, back-right, if I remember correctly.) Also, the headset is slightly hard to configure out of the box. If you plug it in and aren't overwhelmed, don't give up hope! You have to go into the audio settings and enable stuff like bass management or loudness management or... stuff like that, I've forgotten at this point but I could look it up if needed. The positional audio is so good that I think you might be able to play some games. Unfortunately, there aren't very many games which take full advantage of surround sound, but it could be fun for a friend to play a scary game like Amnesia while you listen to it. It's admittedly very expensive for probably not too much takeaway for you though. Here's a link to a comment I wrote about the Tiamat a couple months ago when Sony announced a competing project to the Oculus Rift. They said they're shipping something with "60 virtual speakers" so that prompted my comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7426463 I've always wondered whether Google ever digs into communications in a situation where they're trying to decide whether to acquire a company. It seems like reading a company's email would be a reliable source of information about whether they're on a genuine trajectory or whether e.g. they're having trouble with their investors. I've never looked into whether it'd be illegal for them to do so. Surely in the EU it would be illegal, because privacy protection seems to be a serious concern there, but I don't know about the US. If you use Google Talk, every conversation you've ever had will be recorded and indexed and tied back to you. If you use gmail, same deal. Even your drafts of unsent emails will be. If you use AIM, same deal: every conversation you've ever had on it will certainly be logged somewhere and tied back to you. Yada yada, same deal for almost every chat program, because almost every chat program has no clientside encryption. If it does, it's not very popular, or it's hard enough to use to where people will think you're paranoid if you ask them to go out of their way to "download this chat program that lets us talk without anyone logging it." I think the endgame here is to watch what you say. It's safest to assume every text conversation is public. How many of us have said something in text to our families or friends that we'd be extremely uncomfortable saying publicly? It's a little unsettling. Then again, hopefully when the TextSecure people ship their browser-based chat program things will improve somewhat, because you'll be able to talk to someone else without the conversation being duly noted. (There will probably still be metadata that ties you to the fact that you're talking to someone, but at least the content will be protected.) Hopefully it will be easy to use... I wonder if they need any help in that capacity. Hi Paul. Sorry, I didn't mean to write a conspiratorial comment about Google. I meant to call attention to the fact that every textual conversation you've ever had has probably been logged, and just because our legal and cultural framework presently frowns upon digging through those logs, that may not always be the case in the future. The logs will persist even after our cultural norms change. So it seems important to come up with a technological solution to the problem of how to communicate without all of it being logged. It's a difficult problem because it's hard to get other people to actually use whatever you come up with. That's why I'm crossing my fingers that TextSecure's browser plugin will take off, because if it's as easy to use as email and as powerful as email, it could have a very tiny chance of becoming the next popular communications platform. At that point no one would have to trust any company to preserve privacy, which seems valuable. EDIT: I'm confused why my comments were moved to the bottom of this thread, because they don't seem offtopic. For example, the second topmost comment is also about encryption: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7731216 The fact that if law enforcement demands access to your conversations, companies can readily produce them. What does Dropbox do? Is it an incorrect assertion? http://www.plosone.org/article/fetchObject.action?uri=info%3... Taken literally, it seems to be true. Your reaction time slows down after 24, as the data shows. Of course he wasn't talking about reaction time, but it shows an interesting trend. If reaction time slows down, then what else slows down with it? The only reason we accept the reaction time slowdown is because it's easy to measure. What about other attributes which are harder to measure, like general intelligence? It just seems strange that everyone is saying his assertion is unquestionably false when, if anything, the evidence seems to suggest the opposite. Yeah, that's true. Knowledge is more important than raw intelligence, and you can do more with it. What prevents someone from using this to store backups of their harddrives, photos, etc, and consuming as much space as possible? Programming is craftsmanship, not really literacy. The difference is that most people don't like crafting, but they do like communicating. Most people are consumers. If you say something bad about the government on Internet, you may have the risk of being kidnapped by some unknown person and thrown into some unknown mountain area. (No kidding, one of my friend had this experience.) Would you elaborate? This is very interesting. How did they get out of that situation? we really need to move closer to mathematics and precision to actually achieve software that you can rely on. What's meant by reliability? HN couldn't have been designed via spec. Grellas seems just as active as he usually is: https://news.ycombinator.com/threads?id=grellas 50+ avg comment karma can't happen weekly. Substantive comments require waiting for substantive stories, which are relatively rare. Thank goodness HN gold doesn't exist. The last thing HN needs is a divided community. HN was written in a language where functional style is the norm, and yet HN couldn't have been designed via spec. I say this as someone who has thoroughly studied HN's codebase. If you spend time examining it, it becomes evident that most of the features were extemporaneous. There is little which was thought out in advance. The recipe for HN was: do the most important thing each day; repeat for 2000 days. Such a recipe is fundamentally anti-spec, because by day 5 your spec is outdated. Spec xor exploratory programming. The codebase is the spec. When this topic of marijuana legalization comes up, it seems like most conservative news agencies ask the loaded question, "Does this mean you're in favor of decriminalizing hard drugs such as cocaine, heroin, and meth?" I don't know a good response, though. How would you answer? Unless you remember how the "highlight members with high average comment karma" experiment divided the community, it may seem confusing how HN gold could possibly divide the community. Such features are inherently divisive (in this case "those who have gold vs those who don't.") Leaderboards are generally divisive; that's why they're marginalized and hidden behind the "lists" link at the bottom of the site. Etc. We don't need to promote elitism to encourage better comments. We just need to encourage better comments. Also, as a small critique specific to HN Gold itself: there's no way to prevent someone from gilding their own comments. (They can just use an alt account and a different credit card to get around any account-specific self-gilding restriction, for example.) Suffice to say, self-gilding would be detrimental to the commenting ecosystem here on HN. Hurting innocents in the pursuit of political reform isn't the way to go. Do many young people watch TV anymore? It seems like netflix + youtube scratches that itch. I completely agree. I can't wait until webdevs rediscover "have all content on one page" and it becomes a new trend. When has terrorism been an effective way to invoke change in a democratic society? Large amounts of funding have historically shown little correlation with success. Colonists objected to the Tea Act because they believed that it violated their rights as Englishmen to "No taxation without representation," that is, be taxed only by their own elected representatives and not by a British parliament in which they were not represented. Again, and in hopes of a more substantive reply: when has hurting innocents been an effective way to get what you want in a society with political representation for its citizens? Adblock+ has been fine for me. Has anyone had any problems? Personally, Adblock+ has earned my trust over a long period of time, so it's hard to see myself switching to something else unless the reason was dire. Why? The takeaway, if you had any bitcoin in Mt. Gox when it fell: You won't receive any repayment until Feb 2015 at the earliest. Important note: you must fill out a form claiming your debt in order to be considered for repayment in Feb 2015, i.e. as an Mt. Gox debtee, you are required to manually inform them (via their form) of how much money you're owed, otherwise you'll receive nothing. The form can't be filled out yet, because they haven't released it, but presumably they'll post it on mtgox.com sometime in the upcoming months, so make a mental note to keep your eyes open for it and fill it out whenever it's posted. If you haven't sent in the form by Nov 2014 then it sounds like you're guaranteed to get nothing. It also seems fairly likely that you won't recover much of your money. That's just speculation on my part (and I would love to be wrong about it) but it seems like it's time to make peace with the idea that you probably won't be seeing >75% of your money ever again. That said, Mt. Gox recently found 200,000 BTC that they had somehow lost track of: http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/21/us-bitcoin-mtgox-w... ... so those 200,000 BTC may be distributed among creditors. Since Mt. Gox's total bitcoin debt has been quoted at around 750,000 BTC, that would mean in an ideal world you'll eventually receive 26.6% of however many bitcoins you had at the time of Mt. Gox's shutdown. But the world isn't ideal. It's unclear how such a repayment scheme would work in practice. For example, how will Mt. Gox repay debtees who are owed USD/EUR/AUD/etc, not bitcoin? E.g. let's say someone's Mt. Gox account balance was 3.25 BTC and $3,132. How would Mt. Gox's 200,000 BTC be fairly distributed in that situation? Would that $3,132 debt be converted into BTC debt? Or will Mt. Gox sell some of that 200k BTC in order to get US dollars, which are then repaid to that $3,132 debtee? And if all US/EUR/AUD/etc debts will be converted into BTC debts for purposes of repayment, what prices will they use for the actual conversion? (That is, how many BTC per how many dollars of debt?) Will they use current bitcoin market value for the conversion (which is currently $494/BTC) so that $3,132 would be equivalent to 6.34 BTC? Or will they use the value of bitcoin when Mt. Gox shut down operations? What if they decide the best way to proceed is by selling off all 200k BTC for US/EUR/AUD/etc, which is then distributed among debtees? It's their decision; it seems like that scenario isn't impossible. You can imagine how a firesale of 200k bitcoins would completely annihilate BTC's market value. Of course, it's unlikely that whoever is in charge of Mt. Gox's assets would be that shortsighted, but given that bitcoin is completely new to most legal systems, who knows? The point here is that your money's fate is up to someone else. Your money stopped being your money the moment you deposited it into Mt. Gox, or Coinbase, or any other third party. And now that Mt. Gox has collapsed and taken your money with it, it's probably best to accept that all of your money is 100% gone and never coming back, because that way when Feb 2015 rolls around you might be pleasantly surprised if Mt. Gox happens to repay you some small percentage of your holdings. (A pleasant surprise is much nicer than a sore disappointment, which is why I recommend pretending all your money is gone. Worst case: all your money is gone. Best case: some of it comes back to you via carrier pigeon. Actually, that would be the Awesome case.) So let this be a lesson about the dangers of trusting a third party with your money, unless that third party is insured by a government in the event of disaster. Interesting. I wonder what will happen to Mt. Gox's 200k BTC? If it's true that repayments will be in USD, then it logically follows that the 200k BTC will be liquidated into USD, which will then be distributed evenly among debtees. Liquidating 200k BTC would be quite a sight to behold. For example, there are only 18k BTC of orders on Bitstamp right now: http://bitcoincharts.com/markets/bitstampUSD_depth.html ... meaning, selling 200k BTC would blow through the entire order book eleven times over. I have no idea how the market would react to that. I'm sure bitcoin would survive it, just like it's survived every other disaster, but it will be quite the rollercoaster. The reason I say the 200k BTC would be sold off if the repayments are all in USD is because, if I remember correctly, Mt. Gox had almost no cash when it shut down. Most of its cash had been seized by the US government long ago. So if Mt. Gox are going to repay anything of significance, then it seems like those 200k BTC will be sold off. What's the alternative? Those 200k BTC have to wind up somewhere . I know nothing of Japan's legal system, but the alternatives seem to be "either the government ends up keeping the coins, or the coins are redistributed to Mt. Gox debtees, or the coins are all sold off and the proceeds are distributed to Mt. Gox debtees." Anyone have any theories about what will happen to the coins? Very true, and that's a solid theory. Unfortunately I've learned from experience that the market rarely follows anyone's theory. The simplest example: many moons ago, when people were trying to explain bitcoin's meteoric rise in price, the general consensus was that the price was linked to (or at least influenced by) Silk Road, because Silk Road was the only practical use for bitcoin. Then Silk Road collapsed, but bitcoin's price hardly moved. Theorycrafting is fraught with dangers like that. I noticed from some brief experience with bitcoin trading that if people suspect a huge downward plunge is happening presently, then people with a lot of bitcoin will step in and start putting up "floors", i.e. a large buy order about $50 to $100 lower than the current price. So they might offer to buy 1,000 coins for $75 less than the current price, because they expect it to plunge. However, when it actually does plunge, what happens is that the plunge eats into their buy order to the tune of about 50 BTC, and then they cancel that buy order and move it even lower. This makes sense because if there's downward pressure, you stand to earn even more if you adjust your "floor" as far down as possible in order to buy the cheapest coins. So, if 200k coins are sold off all at once, it seems like most of the big players in the market will set a "floor" of about $50/BTC, then sit back and watch what happens. And since everyone else will be completely panicking at that point, a significant number of people will probably hit "sell at current market rate" in order to get out of their BTC position as quickly as possible. (I've seen it happen; sometimes huge orders of 1,000+ BTC are sold at current market rate, which plunges the price way down, and then the price ticks back up as the market adjusts. But 200k BTC is two orders of magnitude higher; it seems like that will smash the price all the way down to sub-$10.) Hopefully whoever is in charge of Mt. Gox's assets will take a more nuanced approach to selling off 200k BTC than "put them on Bitstamp and sell at current market price." I don't think there's anything wrong with showing off projects on HN. We're all here to find interesting content. If the content is interesting and relevant, then creators should feel comfortable posting direct links for all to see. What a shortsighted move. Who would want to work for Zenimax after this? Whatever Zenimax gets out of this lawsuit will be overshadowed by the goodwill they've lost. EDIT: Who would want to work someplace that will aggressively assert rights over your personal projects? Let's assume Carmack happened to work on VR within a Zenimax office. We're talking about someone who created Armadillo Aerospace. If Carmack felt like developing VR outside of Zenimax offices, he obviously could have. So it must be true that Zenimax didn't actually help VR in any substantial way. Carmack's VR development just happened to take place within a Zenimax building. And now they're going after him for it, while playing it off like VR wouldn't have existed without Zenimax's contributions. EDIT2: What convinced me was a thought experiment: imagine Zenimax without Carmack. Now think of all the ways that our imaginary entity could possibly contribute to the development of VR. At best, our entity provided a building for Carmack to pursue his personal interests in (a "mad scientist lab," as the Complaint calls it). Maybe some marketing, but who would deny that the hype would have rolled in regardless of whatever Zenimax did to help it along? Two seconds looking through a Rift is enough to transform anyone into an evangelist. The VR ball began rolling due to the efforts of Carmack, not Zenimax. So, let's say you're Zenimax. You have Carmack working for you, working on all kinds of cool projects; whatever interests him. Choose your adventure: - Stand to benefit by the halo effect of having a living legend on your payroll; a legend who gets the entire gamedev industry interested in projects happening at your company. Attract top talent by virtue of the buzz, and a creative's natural desire to be a part of cool projects. Your new top talent goes on to create many millions of dollars of value for your company. - Try to assert control over whatever Carmack makes. Make it abundantly clear that no personal projects will be tolerated by any employee on Zenimax's payroll. Show the world that no one can work for you unless their sole ambition is to be a Zenimax employee. Convince every young hotshot college grad that it's a bad idea to go work for you. Lose whatever momentum you would have gained by attracting top talent. From the discussion on Reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/2655hh/zenimax_sues_o... Throwaway because zenimax is sue-happy and I work at id Software, and I don't want to lose my job. A while back there was an artist here who made some artwork for Valve's Team Fotress 2 Hat contest in their spare time. This artist ended up winning and received a large amount of money from royalties. Zenimax got pissed off that this person was earning money from what they felt like was "Their property". The rumor was that they were about to sue them, but ended up backing off. I'm not sure why. This individual left the company shortly after. I don't blame them. We've been loosing top-notch talent left and right ever since the Zenimax purchase, but more so after RAGE didn't do too well. We're alright now, but I really believe that this is no longer the place that it was when I started years ago. The office culture sucks ass, and unless you're keen to sticking your nose up certain people's asses, or have been here since the days when we could actually ship games, then you're not going to get very far. I think Zenimax is mostly to blame for this. Fuck them. The moderators of /r/Games verified that the above comment is from a current Id employee. The reason I'm crossposting it here is because it's an interesting datapoint about the mindset of the people at Zenimax. None of this changes the merits of the case at hand, and it's sad that people are focusing on zenimax rather than the claims in the situation. Lackey did sign agreements with ZeniMax, and as far as I can tell Oculus didn't refute that point. Are those agreements moot, in your eyes? What if it were the other way around, with a large company like Facebook or Google taking the IP of a smaller company? Several people have now questioned whether I think contracts should be freely broken or ignored, so just to be clear: no. An agreement is an agreement. I honor all my agreements, which is why I'm careful to read every single line of whatever I sign and think about every sentence. Trying to decipher the double meaning in most standard agreements is fraught with danger though, because if you misunderstand a single sentence then you're on the hook for the rest of your life. That's why I think we, as a community of developers, should be holding employers more accountable for their disingenuous behavior of trying to assert ownership of someone's personal projects simply for being on a payroll or just for participating in a company event. Quick example: recently a friend of mine wanted to give me a tour of their office and meet some of the folks working there, but in the lobby of their building they demanded I sign an NDA just to come in and say hello. I declined, because even though there's probably no risk to me in signing that NDA, there's no possible way it could benefit me, either. Why would a company expect a multi-year agreement just to walk in the door for a little while? As far as Zenimax vs Palmer, well, the only reason Zenimax has a case is because Palmer signed that NDA. I wouldn't be surprised if Palmer only signed it because he got careless and figured it was just a Non- Disclosure Agreement (i.e. "don't talk about this stuff with anyone you're not supposed to") rather than a transfer of ownership, as it turned out to be. The central theme throughout all of this is that the employer is trying to extract as much value as possible at the expense of the people they build their business on. So the question isn't whether Zenimax have a case; obviously they do. Personally, I find Zenimax's actions amusing. This lawsuit is such an obvious tactical blunder that it's hard not to find it a little funny. It's not everyday that you see someone tank their company's future prospects by pissing off their core audience and community while torpedoing any future chance they might've had to hire top talent. Now everybody knows it's a terrible idea to go work for Zenimax. Surely it's obvious how this throwaway comment from an Id employee might impinge upon their future prospects of hiring top talent. And the only reason the throwaway comment was posted was due to the greedy lawsuit. It's rather karmic to see this entity, who is trying to step in and take credit for a movement that they contributed virtually nothing to, get such swift reprisals. Indeed, it's of course within Zenimax's rights to sue in this case and try to recover perceived damages. They're free to exercise their right to sue. And top talent is free to exercise their good sense to work elsewhere. One wonders if Zenimax doesn't see it coming, or doesn't care. Maybe they're just so out of touch with gamedev culture that they honestly don't see how this might impact their future prospects to convince top people to relocate their families to work for them. It's a bit comedic. You are indeed out of luck if you sign such a contract, which is why it's so important to refuse to sign any such contract. If you're hard up for money (been there), it might seem crazy to risk not getting a job by complaining about the contract you're about to sign, but trust me, the employers are usually more than happy to carve out a clause for you. They want you working for them more than they want to assert dominance over you. Just for the record, angersock was responding to a now-deleted comment which ended with, "The rest of your comment is pointless drivel and I'll pretend for your sake that I didn't read it." I'm posting this so that angersock doesn't come off looking worse than the party they were replying to, since some context was lost due to the deletion. I wish there were a button to signal to people "Hey, you're getting personal, there's no need for that" without actually leaving a comment. I think it would help, because it seems like many of these personal attacks are simply due to people being forgetful that it's not worth it to get into squabbles. Yow, the electric unicycle cited in the article is over $600! The Torker is $90. Maybe it's possible to build an electric one cheaply? I wonder how much tlb's cost... EDIT: http://tlb.org/#eunicycle "All together the components, in single unit retail quantities, cost about $1500." I wonder how expensive it would be today? Would anyone comment on http://www.wisdom.weizmann.ac.il/~oded/PS/obf4.pdf ? "On the (Im)possibility of Obfuscating Programs" "In this work, we initiate a theoretical investigation of obfuscation. Our main result is that, even under very weak formalizations of the above intuition, obfuscation is impossible." I haven't spent too much time meditating on the implications of the paper, so I was hoping to hear from someone who has. Does this paper strike a mortal blow to FHE? Or is this paper pointing out a result that can be ignored in practice? When I get a few hours I'll spend some time trying to come up with examples of what the paper is talking about and hopefully discover the truth for myself, but if someone here has already done that, please chime in! Would you expand on this? From the abstract: "Informally, an obfuscator O is an (eﬃcient, probabilistic) “compiler” that takes as input a program (or circuit) P and produces a new program O(P) that has the same functionality as P yet is “unintelligible” in some sense" That sounds like an exact description of FHE, and the paper seems to claim something is impossible. So I'm trying to figure out: If the paper isn't claiming FHE is impossible, then what is that "something" and how does it relate to FHE? Ok, so if I understand correctly, it's impossible to write a program which hides its intent? That is, reverse engineering of what a program is doing will always be possible? Something doesn't seem quite right, though. Programs are data. If it's possible to perform operations on data without knowing the data, then shouldn't it be possible to perform (useful) computation without revealing the algorithm? If not, why not? Since programs are data, shouldn't it be possible to write an interpreter which executes encrypted bytecode? That is, the only thing a reverse engineer would be able to conclude is "an interpreter is executing some bytecode, but we don't know what it's executing." The bytecode (the algorithm itself) is data, and since FHE hides the data, the algorithm remains encrypted and hidden. If it's possible to add or multiply without knowing what's being added or multiplied, then it seems like it should be possible to do computation without revealing the algorithm being used. Agreed, it's fun to speculate! I love this stuff. So my understanding of FHE is that it can take an arbitrary circuit (any arbitrary program) and convert it into a circuit which operates on encrypted data. That means it must be possible to write the equivalent of if (op == OP_ADD) { /* interpret addition bytecode */ } else if (op == OB_MUL) { /* interpret multiplication bytecode */ } ... etc, where "op" is encrypted data. By extension, you can write an entire interpreter for encrypted bytecodes. Now, when the program executes, it's obviously possible to monitor it and watch what's being done. However, until it executes, the bytecode remains secret. That means it should be possible to ship programs which are impossible to analyze until they're actually executed. It's a common malware technique to write a program which contains an encrypted subprogram, which is only decryptable on a certain target machine. (For example, you could use a specific computer's MAC address as an ecryption key, which means no reverse engineer can analyze it except on that specific machine.) FHE, on the other hand, provides the opportunity to ship a turing-complete interpreter to everyone, which executes encrypted bytecodes which can't be analyzed until execution time. That means a FHE program could be a timebomb set to wipe your harddrive at some specific date and you wouldn't know it, since the best you could determine beforehand is "this interpreter sometimes tries to execute shell commands" without actually seeing which commands it's capable of executing in practice until it's too late. The trick would be to test if if op == OP_ADD when decrypted Hmm, this is a point of confusion for me then, because isn't that exactly what FHE allows you to do (and in fact its entire point)? HE allows you to add or multiply encrypted values, and FHE extends HE so that you can perform arbitrary computation. That must mean the == operator is supported, so it seems like it must be possible to do this. Also, thank you for talking through this with me. It's much appreciated. The closest analogy (I think you are trying to get to this) is that one might be able to make a series of operations that would execute an encrypted program. The problem is that this would result in encrypted output. Thanks for your time. That's what I was trying to get to, yes. Would you help me understand why encrypted output would be a problem for the interpreter? If the input data is encrypted, and the data defines a program which can be executed, and the result of that execution is more encrypted data, then (for example) why can't that encrypted data be fed back into the interpreter as further input? Or transmitted over the network to a computer with the decryption key (so that the encrypted output can be used in a meaningful way, without revealing to the original computer what was computed)? In other words, why is encrypted output any more of a problem than operating on encrypted data in the first place? Let's try a direct question: why can't the third party perform the operation "is x equal to 5"? The point of HE is that you can do add and mul. FHE extends HE to do arbitrary computation. "Is x equal to 5?" is an arbitrary computation, so it seems like FHE must support it. If comparison ops are supported, then you can make an FHE based interpreter. Thus far, no one has been able to explain why specifically it wouldn't be possible. And if it's possible, then programs are naturally obfuscated: the interpreter is operating on encrypted bytecode input. But the original paper I cited says this is impossible! So there seems to be an interesting mystery here. If you can do arbitrary computations, you can do loops and conditionals and whatever else you want. FHE claims to support arbitrary computations, so by definition it must support the ability to do any loop or any conditional. Think of it this way: A conditional is "if this, do that." If the conditional is true, then the branch is executed. The output of the branch is still encrypted, but it's not true that you need the decryption key just to evaluate the branch. Right? How is the output to a conditional an encrypted boolean? A conditional is "if this, do that." That means if the conditional is true, the branch is executed. The output wouldn't be an encrypted boolean; the output would be whatever the branch does. Right?