Wow. These "crackpot" ideas are so 2004 (some were stupid in 2004 and are still stupid today). But I guess the enterprise hasn't gotten them yet. OKCupid is pretty cool...but I can't imagine writing web apps in C++. It just seems pointless and kinda stupid. Performance of machines is so good these days...even the slowest web frameworks in high level languages (RoR and Zope/Plone come to mind) are plenty fast enough for almost every requirement. I'm sure the guys writing it right now can do fine with the language (and it appears they've created a reasonable DSL on top of C++), but hiring competent developers to take over or help move the product forward faster will be difficult. And, of course, there's a lot of benefit to choosing languages that are already in wide use for the general task you're working on. When I want to add email capabilities to my Perl or Ruby web apps, I go to CPAN or the gems library to find a good email library. In C++, I'm not convinced I'd be able to add interesting email capabilities (receiving, parsing, sending, etc.) in an afternoon...but I'm sure I could in Perl. But maybe I'm just too limited when working in C++. "even higher", as though 61,000 page views in a day is high. That's an average of less than one page per second. 61000/24/60/60=.706 I've built embedded devices that served Perl CGI pages from an all-Perl web server far faster than that (while also doing the work it was designed to do...the Perl CGI was just the administrative UI). I'm really quite hopeful that this isn't a good example of Rails scalability (because I've been playing with Rails of late with the intent to write my next project in it). I don't mind losing some performance and efficiency to improve coder efficiency, but there is a page load time at which your customers will get bored and leave...I don't want to find out what the load time is. No, but the benches are deadly. The really good looking one is me. What? Do you think they're made of money? Paul, Trevor and Robert only got 50 million out of Yahoo. A table costs...literally hundreds of dollars! (Of course, Paul does cook the dinners himself...but there's been a disturbing trend towards pizza at events and even one of the dinners.) I'm 32 and my co-founder is the 33 year old mentioned by Paul. We're a YC this year. I didn't particularly feel like age would have played any role in acceptance (though I believe we have the most traditional business model and most traditional product in the bunch, and had Trevor and Robert not been interested it may have triggered a "no" from Paul). There are three PhD candidate founders who are probably much closer to 30 than 20, as well. Anyway, I didn't notice any particular agenda for picking younger founders...younger folks are the ones that showed up (I met all, or nearly all, of the folks who got to the demo stage in Boston..including the majority that didn't get picked). If you allow "much-needed $$$s" to determine what you work on, you'll never get your real project done. This is how consulting businesses are born (and products die). No one is asking: "How big is this share of this particular market?" That'd be my question. If these two companies are fighting for share of a tiny pie, it's just stupid. If the pie is much bigger than I believe it is, then the game for market share hasn't even begun yet. The big players haven't even really placed their bets, and that's when things will get interesting (but you have to be there before the big players if you want a chance at walking away a big winner). Anyway, it's not a market I'd want to go after, because I don't see it being big enough for so many contenders (there are others out there--it's not just these two). But then, almost no market looks big "enough" to outsiders. People are always confused when I make claims about how large our market is (niche software for a 10-20 billion dollar worldwide industry that's increasing at a couple billion per year). So, if they've researched their market and found it large enough to make for big winners in a year or two, now is a fine time to enter it. Just because you and I know all about 37signals and think they're cool, doesn't mean anybody else knows what the heck they're building. The real market (folks who aren't web 2.0 developers) hasn't even begun buying this product on the web yet, and they certainly will. Everybody has an equal chance to be "first mover" at this point. Definitely not. I don't even have a four year degree, much less one from an Ivy League school, and my co-founder went to some school in Australia that I didn't even identify on the application, because I didn't know the name and had no time to check. (Our company was in WFP2007.) But if I were offering advice from what I know today, I'd say, "Go to a famously good school. It'll pay for itself in one to five years, depending on your path after college, and after that it's all gravy." I dunno what goes into the application vetting process, but I'll give the YCs credit for being extremely fair in the interview process. I met most of the other folks in Boston for the interview process (and spoke with many of them for a lot longer than the 15 minutes the YCs did), and while most who made it that far were impressive, the ones actually picked for the program were exactly the ones I would have picked as being most likely to succeed. And, interestingly, an MIT group that I met was turned down. I started my second company in Austin...and moved it to the Bay Area for WFP2007. The Bay Area is better. And not just by a little bit. My first company was started in Houston and moved to Austin for the better tech environment, but it turns out there's just not much really going on in Austin when you compare it to Silicon Valley. A few users groups and small conferences (plus SXSW, which is worth noting) does not a tech industry make. I miss Austin for the things that make Austin wonderful, but I don't think I'll ever go there to start a technology startup (unless things change remarkably in the future). And Mountain View and San Francisco are both great places to live, even if they aren't as cool as Austin. I think I'll pass on any investment that is based on an unrelated popularity contest. Popularity of my product ought to play a role here...but popularity of a video about it? Anyway, I don't get it and won't visit again, though I think there's still plenty of room in the online video market for niche entries. I have it on pretty good authority that at least two of the three Wufoos would prefer to move back to the valley. Our company is also staying in the valley for a while...though we'll eventually need a presence back in Austin (where I moved from for WFP07), because about half of the largest companies we want to sell to are in Texas. Good luck, old-timer. You'll have to let us (Virtualmin, ages 32 and 33, WFP2007) know how it turns out. We'd enjoy not being the oldest Y Combinator founders. I hope you're working on something even more boring than system administration tools, too, so we could kill two birds (the "oldest" tag and the "most boring" tag) Get ye to the nunnery. Or, maybe a college campus would be a better place to round up a co-founder. You're gonna need one. "What's such a class other than search?" Why "other than search"? Seems to me that at least half of the reason Google won was because every other search engined was tarted up with "portal" BS. That's UI. So, since it's clear to me that search isn't one of those classes, and the examples given ("systems" stuff) is the area my startup is working in and I'm absolutely certain that UI is going to be 50% of the success or failure of our company, I'm not seeing any area where UI isn't vitally important. One of the WFP2007 groups is working on a new language for mobile app development...and they're spending plenty of time on the "UI" even in that case. UI, of course, being anything that involves a user interacting with your system. I guess someone somewhere in this thread is treating UI as "pretty things on a web page"...but UI hacking is important no matter what you're doing, if you want to sell it. You're asking "why not add complexity?" Not a good place to start. If a project needs a database you'll know it pretty quickly...and it's easy to convert to using a database at that point. The only time I've ever regretted a decision about databases was when I designed a log processor that didn't immediately have relational needs...over a couple of weeks of implementing the requirements I ended up writing a relational layer in Perl against a Berkeley DB backend. That was stupid, and I should have thought a little harder about the requirements. But it was my first big solo project, so I blame inexperience for not recognizing a relational problem from the start. Luckily, SQLite had just been released, and converting my app to use it (and losing a hundred lines of code) was a one day operation. It made the app approximately 100 times faster for my data set. But, well over half of my applications since then have not required a database and have been well-served by flat files. While I'm sure your site is awesome, the Webby hasn't been a valid measure of quality in nine or ten years. Google Checkout and/or PayPal until you handle enough volume to justify the hassle of something else. Authorize.net makes you go through a reseller, and the resellers are less competent than a poorly trained chimp. It took me two months to get through the process: "The merchant account provider needs to see your website." "OK, here it is." "No, they need to see the shopping cart." "What!? We don't have merchant services yet. We're not going to put up a shopping cart that people can't order from!" "They won't set it up until they see the shopping cart." "OK, fine. Here's the link." "They said they went to your site and didn't see a shopping cart." "I sent you a link to the shopping cart. It isn't visible on the index page yet, because we can't take orders." "Oh. It has to be the real website." "Huh? It is the real website. I just haven't linked it from the front page...we already have users, I'm not going to confuse them with a shopping cart that doesn't work." "It has to be a real website." "You're kidding, right? Just send them to this link. I'm certain they'll be able to figure things out." "OK. They said there is no terms of service or refund policy clearly linked from your front page." "We don't sell anything yet. Why would we have those things on our front page? They're linked off of the store link I sent you." (This is the second time I've setup merchant services, and I knew they would need to see those things. It's not like they give a shit what they contain...they just insist they exist.) "They have to be on the front page." And so on. I won't bother to type in the exchange we had over the resellers first attempt to actually setup the username and password, or the fact that all payment information had to be faxed in. (Yes, you read that right. The reseller for Authorize.net that we went through would not accept payment online. And the form that was online was just a ruse...they made us fill out the exact same form again and fax it in.) Next time I build a shopping cart, I'll spend that time writing a payment backend for a payment processor that isn't operated by the functionally retarded. Or maybe I'll just use Google Checkout instead, and let them worry about the banking industry monkeys. Depends on why you applied. If you applied on a "Let's see if we can convince Paul to let us come to YC Summer Camp, and maybe we'll be rich this time next year" whim with not a lot of code written...maybe you go back to school and work on other ideas. Try again for Winter with a different idea or more code and a better presentation. Or apply for a job at an existing startup. Some of the WFP guys are hiring (Parakey, Zenter, and a few others) as are the Xobni guys from last years progem--all are wicked smart, have lined up some funding, and would be very helpful to you in your goal of becoming an entrepreneur. If, on the other hand, you've already written mumble-thousand LoC, and you are within a couple of months of launching, and you really believe in your idea and product, contact some other angels and seed investors. They exist. They aren't as cool as YC, but they have money and they have connections, too. As a last resort, if you're in the wrong city for raising money (anything other than Silicon Valley or Boston), warm up your credit card and give it a go. You can live for three months on a credit card (I've done it several times...I'm on my second company, the first being self-funded and sometimes credit card funded). Obviously, if you've got a family to support the "warm up your credit card" method of funding is right out. Otherwise, just keep your health insurance current, pay your taxes, and live on nothing but ramen and buy nothing between now and launch day. If your project is too big to launch in that short time, then that's why you were rejected by YC. Winnow it down to the smallest piece that has value and launch. Our project (Virtualmin) was huge (several hundred thousand lines of code, by the time you factor in Webmin and Usermin). But we were already selling product, and figured we were within a couple of months of "finishing" the beta period (we were off by a little bit, as we're still a couple of weeks away from wrapping it up six months later--partly because of the major strategy shifts we made during WFP2007). I believe there have been a couple of others. This is probably the reason the application no longer requires an idea: YC figures if you're talented/persistent enough, you'll eventually hit on something good. PHP is pragmatic and pretty fast, but everything, everything, everything, beyond the "HTML template language" bits, are bolted on with whatever tools were handy at the moment. I'd be stunned if more than a couple hours of design work went into the object system, the type system (where == and === are used for evil rather than good), or even the standard library function names. It has some strengths: Big library (not as big or as high quality as CPAN, so if library support is what you need, go for Perl), a lot of example code (but it's mostly horrible quality...even good examples are pretty bad in spots), and really easy deployment. So, if you're building an Open Source project that you want a lot of people to use, it's a great choice--PHP is available on every hosting server on the planet. Or, if you need a "blank-plus-this-widget" you can probably find the "blank" already written in PHP and then build your "widget" on top. But, if you're starting from scratch, why commit yourself to working with a shoddy language for the months or years it'll take to finish? There are good imperative languages out there for web app development: Ruby and Python, in particular. Though the frameworks craze for these languages are partly to bridge the gap that they have with PHP (they're all missing a "view" layer for the web, because PHP is a reasonably powerful, if ugly, template system), and a lot of the other crap just makes things ugly...they get built for one particular application and then stretched for general-purpose use, and in the stretching they get a bit misshapen and hard to fit into any specific task. Anyway, Ruby and Python are pretty and reasonably consistent languages that are nice to work with. PHP is neither. Perl...well, it ain't necessarily pretty, but CPAN is hard to beat when you just want to get the job done...and you can treat it as a functional language pretty effectively, which is all the rage around these parts (and you'll probably want to after you see the bolted on object system). I find Mountain View a good fit. Close enough to investors. Far enough away from anything resembling real night-life (because I'm here to work...really, really, work). I'll move to the city when I don't want to work anymore. I'm sure the city works for some startups, but I don't think it would work for me. In WFP2007 the languages/platforms used, roughly in order of popularity) were: Ruby on Rails PHP Java Perl That's not all of the technologies used, but I think that's a pretty good representation of the mix in order of popularity (there might be a Python group in there, too, but I can't think of who). One group is writing their own language and framework (Tsumobi, implemented in J2ME), while others are working predominantly in JavaScript (Zenter) or ActionScript (Heysan) for large parts of their product and the backend language is entirely unimportant (I'm betting Zenter probably only has a couple thousand lines of server-side code, versus tens of thousands of lines of JavaScript). Actually, nearly everyone is doing some of their work in JavaScript, and it's the one language that I know I can ask any of the developers in the program questions about. They all came from TechCrunch, perhaps? Forget about C++. Learn a high level language that has the libraries you need for building an application quickly. Someone suggested Ruby, and he's not wrong. Python is another good choice, though it doesn't have an obvious "guided path to success" the way RoR works for Ruby. PHP will allow you to find a lot of potential co-founders, but it's probably not worth it...at this stage you don't have the know-how to recognize a good PHP developer, and a bad one will simply kill you (PHP is perhaps the best language for writing horrible code--the majority of stuff out there written in PHP is really frighteningly bad). That's not to say there aren't bad Ruby and Python developers...but the barrier to entry seems high enough to keep out most of the riff raff. Find a co-founder who likes your ideas and trusts you'll get up to speed on whatever bits of the equation he/she doesn't want to handle. In a startup past the very earliest "get-to-prototype" stages there's a roughly even split between the sucky non-tech stuff and the actual development...you could take the non-tech stuff and leave the hacking to your co-founder. I'm quite technical and have developed a lot of software in the past ten years, but I found an even better developer and took on the sucky stuff while leaving him to handle most of the development. It's working very well (though I often find myself wanting to get back to real "work" when I'm doing the boring accounting/marketing/taxes/funding/support/etc. stuff--I have to remind myself that if we reach our goals I'll be able to hack anytime I want, in between rides on my robotic dinosaur, of course). As others have said, it depends on so many factors. I'm still learning perl (my primary language) ten years after I started. I was writing working code in Ruby after a weekend, and I believe I could be fluent in it within a week or two of working primarily in that language. Python I've never set out to learn, but several years of working with Python projects and developers has given me the ability to patch in what I need in existing projects without a struggle (but I couldn't start from scratch). It also depends on how you learn it, and who you learn it from. The pickax book is a fantastic book for learning ruby. Same goes for Learning Perl for perl. I've never seen a similar book for Python, but one might exist? For JavaScript you cannot beat Douglas Crockford's videos at the Yahoo! Developer Network. Absolutely fantastic...taught me everything I needed to know to be productive in the language in one weekend. JavaScript also happens to be a great learning language, as it has both functional and imperative constructs and pretty simple syntax and minimal keywords. Find all of them (along with a few other good ones--Joe Hewitt's Firebug demo, in particular, is what you'll want after the Crockford vids) here: http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/theater/ They don't need to change it to do stuff that Google Presently can't...I've seen both, and Zenter kicks Google's ass. They're not even playing in the same ball park. To be blunt, Google's entry looks like it was built by people who hate presentation software. I don't blame them for hating presentation software, as I hate it, too...but if you're building it, you kind of have to empathize with your users and their needs and desires. I suspect Google is trying to do the same thing they did with GMail, which was to rethink what people wanted in email and then get to the root of why they wanted it rather than slavishly giving users what they asked for (for example, folders and filters and crap being replaced by search that's fast and works) and the traditional view being replaced by a threaded view...in both cases, it simplified the interface by removing the elements that were there for the convenience of the developer rather than the user. In the case of presentations, sure PowerPoint is bloated and stupid, but people still want their presentations to look good. Now, of course, it's possible that Zenter will get side-tracked by some of the incredibly clever bits (and there are some scarily clever bits in there) and forget to launch before five other worthy competitors enter the field. But if they get out there first (Zoho Show doesn't count...it blows), they'll do great. To expand on this...an angel or series A round is not the end of your business, it's just the beginning. Cash can't tell you what to spend it on. You're going to need more people...possibly a CEO, probably a CFO within a year, a good accounting firm, sales people if you're in B2B, a PR firm, big customers willing to try your buggy beta software, etc. Knowing who to call on is part of what smart money can bring to the table. (You're on your own for legal...you can't share a lawyer with your money people, if you want to be able to trust things to shake out nicely. Like good fences make good neighbors, the same is true of good lawyers between money and businesses.) This is good advice, despite the down-mods. Google is a great place to learn a few things, make contacts, and find your co-founders. You shouldn't stay too long (a year or so), but there's a lot of much worse paths you could take. Don't spend too much effort on it though...the interview process can really suck up a lot of time (I know because my girlfriend works there), and if you aren't really Google material (don't have a proper degree in your area of interest, for example) your odds of getting hired are low...particularly given your inexperience. I've received a recruitment letter from Google due to some projects of mine on the web, but I suspect I wouldn't actually get hired. Luckily, I already know what I want to do in California, so I don't need to work at Google while I figure it out. ;-) You're still missing the point. Joins and sorting and grouping in SQL are what you use to populate the real data structures. Whether you know it or not, in all but the most simplistic CRUD application, you've gotta write code to deal with all of those data structures. The database is always in addition to that complexity. The argument being made is that you can leave out the database entirely in some environments, and not add that complexity. The entirety of this thread is questioning the pervasive use of databases in web applications. There are some where it makes excellent sense (accounting, CRM, ERP, the stuff that's been the strong-hold of Oracle and SAS for years). And others (wikis, blogs, forums, photo galleries, etc.) where it may not make good sense, because you introduce hundreds of unnecessary operations and significant additional database support code. That's not to say a database is never the right solution for these problems (when your problem starts looking relational, you should start looking at relational databases, because your Ruby or Python or Lisp implementation is going to be worse than what PostgreSQL or MySQL have). And, as someone else mentioned (but got modded down)...when you start building your own flaky transactional layer, then it may be time to consider a database that has good transactions support. others have summed it up pretty well, with the "no false positives" perspective. But, I will play devil's advocate and say: Make sure you aren't just looking for "someone like me", and finding no one measures up. I've noticed this in some younger founders...there's a pair of folks who are nearly identical in skills, history, and goals, and this is not necessarily a good mix for success in a startup. They get along great, but they aren't a good team. You both need the same drive to build something great. But you need to have different skills, different areas you enjoy working on. If you don't, you'll fight over the mythical bike shed and the hard solitary work won't get done. And there's a lot of hard solitary work in a startup. "should I just admit defeat?" Definitely. It worked out great for Larry and Sergey to shoot that search horse and move on to empty pastures where nobody else was grazing. Of course...sf0 has been around for quite a long time. I'm not convinced there's a business model there. The design also needs to take into account that the vast majority of customers for a memorial site will be older folks (I've seen enough memorial services being planned to know that it's the grandmothers and great aunts that do the work...everybody else is too wrapped up in their own grief to get anything done...maybe this is just in the matriarchal south, but I suspect it applies across the country). That's a really hard market to design for. But, craigslist has shown that if you take a newspaper product and dump it onto the web with a perfect implementation (say what you will about craigslist and how ugly it is...but it's a beautifully functional ugly that's a joy to use), you'll get lots of users. Every day there are thousands of obituaries published. The paper gives you three or six or whatever lines for free, and you can pay for bigger ad-style layouts. Just like classifieds being really cheap for a few lines, but getting more expensive the more copy you write, you can remove the expense of extra copy and adding pictures. So, taking something that's currently inconvenient (call the newspaper, spell the name three times, struggle with the family about who gets listed under "survived by", since you're running out of words, etc.) and making it convenient and free sounds like it'd be a winner. It's the "free" part that makes it hard to make money on. Who wants ads for home mortgages and crap all over their grandfather's obituary? But I dunno if people will pay for it. Our company is among the oldest, if not the oldest, funded by YC with 32 and 33 year old founders. We are both hackers. I learned today that Joe Hewitt is getting close to 30 (and he thought he was the oldest of the bunch before today). Also, Paul has mentioned several times in the past that the mean age of the companies they fund is climbing, and he's thinking 24-ish is the right age to start thinking seriously about a startup (finished school, had a real job for a while, so you know how much it sucks to work for someone else). Most of the founders who were in WFP2007 are hackers. Some are more hackery than others (it's a quite wide range...some are famously good hackers, while others have only picked up a programming language, probably PHP, in the past year or two). But, even the ones that aren't hackers by nature have become hackers, to some degree, during the program...in this early stage, it's the biggest part of the work that needs to be done. When you have a launched product, the job becomes more diverse and other skills become as important as hacking, but before that, if you aren't able to contribute code or design, you're probably not serving your team very well. Some good groups were there today. Most of the ideas are solid and the teams seemed pretty smart. Of course, in some cases, I don't believe a two or three man team could possibly pull it off...or even get to a prototype in 3 months with 15-20k. That's something to be cautious of...over-reaching is far more likely to kill you than being too humble about what you can achieve. Agreed. Hotmail is a great one. Levchin/PayPal is also very informative. Woz is more lovable than I ever knew. Ars Digita is an excellent case study in horrible outcomes (everybody came out rich, but still, it sounds ugly and painful). Joe Kraus of Excite/JotSpot is always interesting, and I read anything about him I come across...he's like a perfect study in how to keep your head in a startup. Paul told me to come here. I do everything Paul says. I'm not sure why I'm not rich yet. Sorry, this is just wrong. There's so much in C++ that is specific to C++ that it doesn't even begin to make sense. If you want someone to learn OO, send them to Ruby or Smalltalk. If you want them to learn about performance and deep machine magic (pointers and such), send them to C. In either case, they can learn what they need to know without getting bogged down in a really obtuse pile of bolted-on features and syntax. It's not a bad systems language, but it's not a learning language and never will be. And the whole "you'll never be able to blah blah" crap is just a hugely stupid idea. Don't think of your learning process as preparing to do something. Pick a project and start working on it--Open Source gives you access to millions of lines of code. There is no better way to learn to program than through working on programs. Be useful as soon as you possibly can, and you'll find that people are willing and eager to help you learn, because they see that the better you become the more useful you are to their project. What's wrong with this sentence: "YCombinator Clone in Vienna, Austria launches!" Hint: It's not in the first, second, third or sixth word. You're missing at least 50% of the value of Y Combinator by being outside of a startup center, probably more. Can a successful startup happen outside of the Valley? Sure...but you're definitely hurting the chances of success by a significant degree. "where every resource you could need for a business is constrained" Every resource except: Money. The Valley has money like you wouldn't believe. Everything worth anything gets funded. If you can pull out a nice demo and sign on a few paying customers, you will get money--more than enough to make up for the cost of living. People who understand what you're doing. There are dozens or hundreds of "startup" attorneys here...and nowhere else. There are dozens or hundreds of "startup" accountants here...and nowhere else. There are always events happening that will bring you into contact with other entrepreneurs. I've started a company outside of the valley (started in Houston and moved to Austin, which is no slouch as far as technology goes) and I've started one in the valley. The valley is better. I'm experimenting with Erlang for a hosted product we're developing. But our shipping product is mostly perl with some Java, bash, and JavaScript. You're over-estimating how much time they can spend on each of the written applications. There were hundreds. I was impressed to learn that Paul personally speaks to each group that makes it to the interview, but is not accepted into the program. He does just what you're asking: explains why the group wasn't chosen and what they can do to improve the odds in the future or with other investors. And, as another response to your post mentioned, there is no benefit to YC to enabling groups to game the application process. Everything, everything, everything you need to know about the process has been documented by Paul and many of the groups who've been through it (both accepted and declined). But I'll sum up: Build something people want. You need to prove you're building something people want. A "proxy for demand" is necessary if you're inventing something new, or evidence that users want what you're building rather than your competition if it already exists. Be capable of building what you say you want to build. Link to a website or product that's in progress, or at least a website or product that you've built in the past. I get the impression from my brief exposure to the process that one of the more frustrating things for YC is seeing a smart group with a good idea, but without the obvious ability to execute. This is why they've discontinued requiring an "idea" on the application. Just prove that you and your team can build great things. If you don't have that evidence...why would they choose you when there are dozens of groups that do have evidence of building great things. This isn't school where each project stands alone. Show them your track record. There's space for it on the application. That's pretty much it for the early process. Then you've gotta pull off a demo for the interview day, and show extreme passion for building a business. Very few no-demo groups make it into the program, and I believe the percentage is shrinking (and I suspect the ones that do get in without a demo have a long and fancy track record--I bet Zenter would have been in no matter what because they have a kick ass track record of building things people want, but they also had a killer demo that they'd built in the weeks prior to the interview). It can be partly mocked up, or carefully orchestrated to avoid the bugs, but they'll see through wholly fictional demos so don't try to fool them--these aren't your typical non-technical investors. The hits: Buchheit Levchin Partovi brothers Graham McAdoo Recent founders panel (just the end bit where Alexis beautifully zings Paul, but you need to see the slides...I dunno if they're available) The misses (misses because I expected a lot more from these guys, not necessarily because these were worse than the rest of the non-hits--both really smart guys with a lot of success under their belt): Kapor (should have been half an hour, like everyone else) Zuckerberg (age discrimination isn't really something useful to learn, as we all probably have enough of that built right in) Though, I might say that if you do watch one of the misses, you need to watch the other. They're like Olbermann and O'Reilly squaring off on issues like hiring, firing, employee selection, etc. By the time you suffer through both talks you might have a balanced view. From the 06 batch I vividly remember Kraus, Graham, and Fletcher being fantastic. Kraus and Fletcher are always worth listening to. Most investors do not invest in competing or significantly overlapping companies. There are a few exceptions (Ron Conway), but it's rare enough that they feel like making that clear on every possible occasion. The "Over 1000 Users!" thing actually looks like it could be on the BaseCamp website. It's the bright pastel highlight thing before it was hip. I agree we can learn something about design from the whole thing. The simplicity means that it holds up strikingly well. The only thing that really dates it is the image buttons and image bullets. Nice job, Paul, or whoever did the design. It's really very nice. And #4: ideas are worthless. Because you shouldn't be an individual if you're starting a company. Didn't Paul tell you you need a co-founder? Seriously, if you're a one man shop and happy about it, just file an LLC with your state. It's cheap ($200-$400 depending on state) and will protect you from any legal stickiness if one of your customers decides to get nasty because your app lost their data or you find yourself on the wrong end of a copyright lawsuit. It may be unlikely, depending on your business, but it doesn't take long, and the requirements are quite low. If you're not really serious about starting a business at all, then, don't worry about it at all. Go get a job working for someone else and work on your projects as a hobby. Holy crap, I hope not! Amateurs. I could do it with a single Nintendo Wii. Not much meat in that article. I've had poor luck with elance. The quality just hasn't been very high. I've noticed this, too. Wufoo are famously good, and Kevin does all of that work. SocialMoth/Overhear.us have awesome design and Evan does everything. iminlikewithyou.com is tasty (if a bit overly pretty), and I believe they do it in-house, as well. Reddit is great and clean, and Alexis and Steve designed it. Everyone is swayed by a nice clean design, even technically savvy folks like YC (they also know that a good design can make a good product great, and with bad design the best product will probably fail--MySpace being an obvious and baffling exception to that rule). 1999 called. They want their design back. But, I sympathize. Our site looks downright old-fashioned, too (I've spent the last month or so working on our new site, and though I think we'll be launching it this week it'll still probably take a few more weeks or work before I'll really be happy with it). Web design is strikingly hard for nerds who don't spend a lot of time doing it. Suggestions: Smaller link titles. I can't believe I'm saying this, because most sites have way too small fonts for everything and it's infuriating for those of us with squinty nerd eyes that have been staring at CRT screens since they were TVs. It's hard to do the "multiple columns of wildly contrasting content" thing well. Most sites look jumbled up, and yours is no exception. Smaller thumbnails of the media links, particularly in the top section, would be a start. Probably dividing it 67/33 rather than 50/50. There's a reason newspapers do it, and a reason Yahoo's CSS bundles don't offer a 50/50 column layout at all--it's hard to figure out what's going on, as there's not immediate focus. It just feels confused. I agree with the other poster who suggested same-size thumbs. Pick a couple of sizes and styles for everything (everything means: pics, fonts, headers, etc.) and stick to it. You're doing fine on minimizing extraneous color (which could be important with all of the crazy crap going on in the pictures). Don't be ridiculous. Provide value to people. That's your job as an entrepreneur (hell, as a human being...it's what sets us apart from all other animals). If that value is better than existing businesses, great, you just made the world a richer place for everyone! However, I suspect you won't find that you can just walk into an existing market and eat the existing companies lunch. You'll be shocked at how big some "small businesses" are, and how effectively they can compete with your new-fangled web-based concept (or whatever). Most won't even notice you exist while you bang your head into the market for three years or so--if you're still in business at that point and have actually acquired a large customer base before hitting the end of your runway, then they'll notice you exist. They'll have plenty of time to respond, either getting smart, or getting out. Ideas are funny that way...you hit the market with a great, revolutionary idea, and one of the bigger established players spots it two years later and eats your lunch with it. (First isn't a guarantee of winning, or even a good indicator of it.) I did the same, after two months of repeated failed attempts to hire someone to design a logo (one of the logo companies we hired sent us about a dozen horrible ideas plus the Verizon V-Cast logo, as though we wouldn't notice). I've since made two logos that I'm reasonably happy with, both using Inkscape. I'm not a designer, by any stretch, but the T-shirts we had printed up with this one look great: http://www.virtualmin.com/images/logo-185x38-background.png And I made a logo for our example website (our product manages webservers and websites, so in our demo video we build a website from scratch and launch a useful application in a couple of minutes): http://doxfer.com/twiki/pub/Main/WebPreferences/logo.png This one was whipped up in literally five minutes (once you know how to make the Web 2.0 "shiny" text thing, it's numbingly simple to do). Neither are going to win awards, but they've allowed me to get on with work, and I'm not ashamed of them. When we take funding, or when we're making more money, I'll hire someone famously good to re-imagine our logo. Until then, I've been burned enough by bad anonymous logo shops. One thing to keep in mind, that most non-designers (and even some designers) do wrong: Keep it simple. Imagine it in black and white. Imagine it on a T-shirt (and imagine paying for all of the colors you put in it--twice the colors is twice the price for printing), coffee mug, letterhead, and your website. Look at successful companies for inspiration, not just Web 2.0 companies (even if you're building a Web 2.0 app). You'll almost never go wrong by simplifying a logo design, but you'll certainly go wrong by putting too much crap in it. Also, pick your colors using a color scheme generator--not at random. Unless you've got the queer eye, you'll pick ugly colors. I guarantee it. Yes. They do it better than most. That rtm is a menace. Non-linkjacked: http://blog.guykawasaki.com/2006/06/the_art_of_the_.html Has already appeared on News.YC in non-jacked form: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=1645 Now would be a great time for a down arrow on submissions. I dunno about the undergraduates thing; if they have a killer demo, I think they'd still get in (though they'd probably need to be willing to take a leave of absence if the company has the capacity to succeed at the end of the program). But it also reduces the frustration that everyone feels (including other groups) when one group fails to launch due to lack of commitment to building a company. Besides that, the number of applicants has sky-rocketed, and they can't take everyone. Having a demo just makes it clear what you're trying to build and that you have the capacity to build it. Absolutely. My mom opened a furniture store when I was about 10, and gave me my first paying job. Seeing her work for herself, successfully, for years, gave me the stubborn will to be an entrepreneur I have today. (She's not the only entrepreneur in my family...my dad had an electronics shop, my dads mom owned a thrift store, and my moms dad owned an auto body shop.) Entrepreneurialism is seemingly either genetic or picked up from parents, because my sister also owns her own business, and I'm on my second (or third, if you count my computer repair business when I was in middle and high school). I think it was my dads idea to make me earn half of any major purchase (like bikes, guitars, computers, etc.), which I suspect was also instrumental in my becoming an entrepreneur. I'm sure he's an absolute gent. But his webpage is nearly unreadable in my browser. Fonts step all over each other (I'm guessing he's forced line height to be smaller than the font). First requirement for web designers I hire: I need to be able to read the damned page. Hehehe...It appears one must be a designer to join. Then why would we need a designer? He's fond of women. That's the point. I think. It's actually a lot of fun to use. I'd like to see a web chat client that works the same way. It remains to be seen whether it's the best YC can come up with. The bar has been set pretty high (Reddit, though some, including Paul, consider Loopt the best one so far...I think I disagree with him on that, though Sam is a damned impressive fellow). And this assumes that your submissions provide valuable information about some key piece of that. It appears YC'ers disagree with your assessment. Your premise here may very well be valid, but that doesn't mean the voted down posts were good. The interesting thing for me is that the K programs are fewer lines...a lot fewer. 9 in K vs. 96 in Perl in one example. When one remembers that perl is historically the king of one-liners, this is pretty impressive. I'd probably be willing to learn how to interpret line noise if I only have to parse 9 lines for every 96 I'm parsing now (I'm primarily a Perl programmer). I, obviously, don't believe this is representative--a large number of programming tasks aren't reduce-able beyond a certain level. But for a 50% LoC reduction, I might consider it. There's a lot of other considerations, and right now Haskell and Erlang are leading my "what'll my next back end projects use" list (after Perl 6...which I'm getting excited about after seeing Audrey Tang's talk about it from a few days ago, as it appears it will fix every single major problem with Perl, by my reckoning)...but I'm not going to rule out a language merely because my first glance at it makes me uncomfortable or confused (if that were the case, I would have never used Perl, Python, Ruby, and I would be avoiding messing with Erlang and Haskell...I might have even continued trying to figure out Java, since it seemed comfortably familiar based on my C experience, but I believe that would have been a very bad instinct). I first read pg for spam filtering stuff. I already had a company that I'd founded (not particularly successful, though it did pay my bills for seven years and buy me a nice car). His entrepreneurial writing did inspire my current company, however, and I expect very good results. His essays, along with a few good bits from other sources, provided a clarity of focus, and a depth of understanding, that I lacked before. Actually, many YC wizards disagree with that article in its entirety. In many cases, not only do binaries not belong in the database, nothing else does. In short: It depends on your application, and probably only you can know for sure (and then probably only with experimentation). I don't like the Javariness of the syntax, but it still looks nice. I also question the performance claims, though RoR is really slow, so maybe being X times faster isn't all that hard. Are you capable of using complete English words, or R U not? Thanks for fixing the title. You're an idiot. It's not the most original idea, but it's executed very well. Good looking design, responsive site. What's no to like? It's not something I'd use, but it's cool that he built something. Good design seems to be working for Facebook. LinkedIn is also reasonably well-designed (if a bit busy and inconsistent). MySpace is the only social networking site with egregiously bad design that is worth speaking of, and it won't last forever. Cool idea, but all of the example logos look horrible. I'd be embarrassed to have them on my website or product. I think it misses the whole point that the biggest differences between a good logo and a bad one is typeface and color scheme, and this software seems to leave both of those in the incapable hands of the end user. Sure, having a nice mascot or graphic mark is great to have, but this software can't solve that problem either (because it can only provide a few pre-drawn marks, which once used by anyone become stale and indefensible as a trademark). Business model? What the hell...when did Web 2.0 get a business model is what I want to know? The article is about installable applications, rather than hosted ones. I'll update that sentence to re-iterate that fact. I'm sure that it does. When we got a minor crunching (a feature on all of the YC companies from WFP07--so we were one link among a dozen), we saw about 750 visits from TC on the first day. This was smaller than the number of visits we get from Google or from our Open Source projects home page, but still...large enough to make me certain that TC gets more than 846 (because I'm certain that everyone doesn't click every link). Ars Digita Univeristy is roughly the first year MIT computer science coursework free online. It has yet another version of SICP, plus several other useful bits. The videos can be had on DVD for $75 or downloaded (recommended donation $0.25 per video). The turnaround on the DVD is a bit slow, though. Took me about three weeks to get mine (I don't mind, but you asked for "fastest" and that would slow you down). As for not telling the YC guys...they'll notice. You won't have to tell them. Ideas don't matter (except to show that you're thinking hard about solving a real problem for someone). You want to have a working demo to show them. As others have said, start writing code, immediately. I mean right now. Like, this second. Stop reading right here. Open a programming tutorial website and start coding. I mentioned ADUni above. It's a great way to spend part of your first six months of learning. I've been a hacker since I was eight (I went the Commodore 64 route someone else mentioned starting in 1981, but I don't recommend that path for anyone...Open Source and modern languages provide a far better learning experience...hell, I didn't see C until I got an Amiga in '88 and didn't see Scheme until I started using Linux in '95...there's never been a better time to learn software development), and I still found several things to learn from the coursework. Find and download an Open Source project that does something you find interesting, and figure it out. Add a feature. A small one. Get it accepted by the developers. This will teach you a lot of skills you absolutely must have that aren't "programming": Revision control (because you'll need to work on the SVN or CVS or bzr or monotone version of the software in question), making patches (use "diff -u" for single-file changes or "diff -uNr" for whole directory changes), and communicating with other developers (you need a co-founder who is a stronger hacker than you, and you need for him or her to not be infuriated by the way you communicate with them...Open Source folks are generally happy to help if you're doing something useful for their project). Notice I haven't mentioned any languages here. They're not irrelevant, but close to it. Some languages are better learning languages than others (Python, Ruby, PLT Scheme, which are all interactive and very clean), but if you can't see how to get started making something useful (almost) right away due to language choice, pick something else. All of the stuff you learn in the next few weeks is going to apply equally to pretty much all languages. If you do SICP, plus start working on some open source project (maybe in Ruby, Python, Perl, or PHP), you'll get to the meaty stuff right away. Avoid hard problems (for now). Don't learn Java (you might make an exception for the ADUni Java courses--they teach programming and it just happens to use Java as the language, but it's way too easy to get mired in the minutiae of Java). Don't learn C. Don't learn Common Lisp. Don't learn edge cases in Perl or PHP (just the ones used in the Open Source projects you've picked to work on). Don't get bogged down reading standards documentation. Do learn good tools. vim, emacs, or Eclipse. If you use a Mac, maybe TextMate. There is no other editor you should waste your time on, if you're in a hurry. Later on, you can flit between some of the others, if you feel dissatisfied with what you've landed on. Learn to use the UNIX command line tools, as you need them when you need them, to make yourself more productive. If ever you find yourself wishing there were an automated way to do something to several files (and you will), just remember that there is a UNIX tool that can do that for you (maybe sed, maybe awk, maybe perl, maybe grep, maybe diff, maybe patch), and set out to find what it is and how to use it. (Not using UNIX? mingw or Cygwin can help.) Let me re-iterate something...if you're in a hurry, you must write a few lines of code today. Writing code is the single most useful thing you can do in learning to code. Oh, yeah, for JavaScript, you cannot beat Douglas Crockford's awe-inspiring JavaScript videos at the Yahoo Developer Network. Our product is not a website, but it is web-based (it is installable web-based system administration tools). I dunno if that qualifies by your definition. So we have all of the pain of developing a web-based application (browser incompatibilities, limitations of the medium, etc.) with all of the negatives of installed applications (high barrier to adoption, lower volume, etc.). But it does give us a business model that everyone can easily understand: Give us money, we give you software, you install it, we support you. Next year, you give us money again and we keep supporting you. Web applications are the most fun to build, but there's an awful lot of room for technology in non-web spaces. Large retailers a huge users of technology (and their websites are generally not even a blip on the radar, as far as technology expenditures go--I was involved briefly in a $2.7 million content distribution deployment for Lowe's...I'm certain they haven't spent more than a tenth that much on their website). Lots of areas for high tech to make a huge impact on peoples lives (and thus make a huge impact on your bottom line): Medical records and billing, legal services, banking, accounting, warehouse automation, etc. There are businesses working in all of these spaces already, of course, but there's still plenty of niches left unfilled. Quite right. Thanks for noticing. Fixed. Yep, those were the horrible horrible days. I loved my Amiga. Really, really loved my Amiga. But programming today is so much better than programming back then. And everything that was good about the Amiga community is great about the Linux, Ruby, Python, Perl, etc. communities today. Amiga E and C with DICE were both hard slogs for me (my high school had BASIC classes and an AP Pascal class, still taught on Apple IIe computers--but I took them for the easy A rather than actually learning anything...from day one I knew more about software development than the instructor). ARexx was easier to grasp for someone who cut his teeth on writing games for the Color 64 BBS system (in BASIC). I also did a little 6510 assembly, but that was really unpleasant after the initial coolness factor wore off (and I embody one of Larry Wall's three virtues: Laziness, so the coolness wore off just about immediately). But, compared to Perl, Python, Ruby, Lisp, Scheme, etc. plus the resources available to everyone on the Internet, I'm kinda sad to think back on how much time I wasted slogging through poorly written books about poorly written compilers. If only I'd known to seek out K&R early on. (I knew enough to want the Amiga 3000UX when it came out, but I wasn't quite sure why!). What was a nerdy kid in the suburbs in the poor southeast to do? Could you clarify how that relates to the parent? (The parent was wrong on at least two counts, but not due to bogus elitism that I could detect.) Hehehe...Good one. That's hilarious. ;-) Seriously: Because we don't want to be evil. We're willing to not have rounded corners in some browsers, or have menus that don't get animation, or whatever...but we're not willing to prevent anyone (even folks who are blind or otherwise have accessibility problems) from using our product. Quickbooks has an online edition. It only works in IE on Windows and is expensive, but it does exist. If there were a good accounting system online, I'd use it (but it'd have to work with Firefox, since I'm on Linux on the desktop). The problem, of course, is that business accounting is complicated. And you can't easily pick a smaller sub-set of features to launch with (what good is invoicing without a chart of accounts, and what good is a chart of accounts without reconciliation, and you've also gotta be able to import the most popular file formats for bank data imports and such). It would take several people working pretty hard six months to a year to launch the smallest usable feature set, and they'd have to move fast to get to the point where bigger businesses could use it--revenues from very small businesses won't sustain this kind of company. That's not to say it's not a great business idea. Between shutting down my previous company and starting my current one, I toyed with the idea pretty seriously. I may come back to it in a few years if the need has not yet been met and I'm ready to move on from what I'm doing now. SugarCRM is kicking ass these days. DFJ invested in it recently. And name recognition is really picking up. We had lots of people asking for us to add support for SugarCRM to our automated script installation module...we finally added it a couple of revisions back...would have added it sooner, if it weren't such a god-awful bear to install. It's really cool, though. I haven't seen a web application built with Microsoft tools since the first boom. But, I'm probably just not hanging out with the folks that think that way. They must exist...right? It just seems so counter-productive. The tools in the Open Source world are just so much better, and so much more widely varied. One of my consulting gigs involved lots of MS ware (desktop apps) a couple of years ago, and I was able to look at all of the development tools via MSDN. I just don't get the mindset that leads to Visual Studio and .Net and such. I think a better question would be, "Does anyone program in Smalltalk yet?" It seems to be becoming more popular, rather than less. As people begin to get an awareness of more advanced paradigms some of the older research languages begin to look nicer. Smalltalk is OOP done very well. Ruby is actually a lot like it, and may turn out to be a better Smalltalk than Smalltalk (some would say otherwise, of course). I think this is bad advice for just about everyone. Tossing out the hard sell of all of your "solutions", when a customer came looking for something specific? I'm pretty sure I'd hang up and call the next vendor on my list. I want expertise and personalized service, not some greedy doofus doing a half-assed job at a dozen different things and expecting me to consider that a positive thing. As a small company, you must focus. Be the best at one thing, before even thinking about being a dozen things. When you're bigger (and have established yourself as the best whatever in the world) you can expand. Be strong in one area, and leave everything else to others. Maybe later, you'll have to resources to tackle multiple areas...but even then, the moment you take your eye off of your core business, there will be a half-dozen competitors who are more focused who eat your lunch. Overhear.us is an example of YC funding smart people, rather than any particular idea. Paul and Evan are smart and really good at what they do (development and design, respectively). I agree that they may not have hit on the right idea for their skills yet (overhear.us is fun as hell to use and eats time like nothing else I've ever used, but it doesn't seem to be getting traction, so far), but I have no doubt they will build something great. They may end up going back to the drawing board (maybe even a few times) before doing it...but you'll hear about them again. They're still young...plenty of time to make a few mistakes before hitting on something great. YC is a very early stage investor. They bet on people more than ideas. I believe betting on Paul and Evan was a well-placed bet, even if Socialmoth and Overhear.us never explode into popularity. BitGeek has a few valid points, but they're hidden amongst so much vague muck, that I'm not sure it's wise to try to follow it as advice. So, the primary bit worth really noting: "Build your think" (I'll assume "think" was intended as "thing".) This is the "build something people want" of the YC model. There's nothing better you can do if you want funding than to build something people want. It's possible to get funding for things people don't want, but much harder, and why bother? Get to the point where you're sure people want it, before trying to get big funding (big being anything over $50k). You'll be in a stronger position in negotiations, and you'll be able to choose from good investors. "network with your peers" This is the weekly dinners part of the YC model, and I believe it was more useful to us than all of the other great stuff that YC brought to us (and I frequently say so). If there were a "technical startup founders club" that existed in some startup hub, and had some kind of barrier to entry akin to the YC application process, I believe it would produce nearly as many good businesses as Y Combinator. You need the barrier to entry, because business idiots flock to events that have lots of hackers looking to start businesses, hoping to find someone to implement their killer idea. They end up making it a useless business card exchange--I noticed this at quite a few of the more open YC events and meetup type things around YC--hackers are shy, and so the business idiots end up doing all the talking, and the hackers just kind of stand around being assaulted by the loud jackasses with killer ideas. Without the seriously smart hackers and designers-only rule, there's no value. Even without the money or Paul Graham, this kind of weekly event would product great results. "Slashdot is read by an older (more experienced) crowd than news.yc. It would be a good idea to understand some of where they are coming from-- after all they were around during the last boom when the average YC foundre was not yet a teen!" On this bit, well, I'm kind of stunned as how much the trolls have taken over Slashdot in the past couple of years. I've been a slashdot reader since it was chips and dips (yeah, I'm old), and it was once a place where people starting companies would get a warm reception and reasonably good advice. The remaining old-timers seem to be just bitter about failed ventures during and in the aftermath of the boom...that's not wisdom. Take note that I've founded a Y Combinator company, and I'm also one of those Slashdot old-timers of which you speak (hopefully, having the experience needed to make rational judgment calls on these issues), and I found little but trolling on that thread, which is was I felt compelled to respond. Paul, unlike at Overhear.us, you can edit your posts here. No need to hit reply to add something. ;-) That's actually a good looking site. I guess I shouldn't be surprised...MS has plenty of money to hire the best (how to explain their software, though?). But I'm most impressed that they've figured out that if apps aren't being developed for Windows, they will die a slow death. Front and center they're offering free software development tools, and a great vision of what those tools could do for you (turn you into the next Bill Gates). It's a lie, of course, but still, it's a hell of a good image. (It's a lie because Microsoft will not tolerate the existence of another Bill Gates within their eco-system...you can only ever be a servant to MS when building for MS.) Anyway, I'm impressed. Really clean design with clear pathways to do things on the site. Java had a moment on the client. We still have a few Java applets in our product (a file manager, an ssh/terminal client, probably a couple of others I'm not thinking of), though they are being re-written as AJAX apps as we speak. But all of the flaws in Java are still present even on modern machines with modern Java versions...so no use flogging a dead horse. Some interesting things (to me, anyway): This link to my post on Slashdot is better rated than all but one of my submissions to News.YC. I guess that's why Staunch is in the "leaders" and I'm in the ghetto with ~100 points. Staunch has an eye for a good story, and I don't, even when I wrote it. Steven Levy is utterly ignored when he posts on Slashdot (he replied to my post, and got no votes). I find that shocking. The Slashdot I knew and loved would have really appreciated a visit from the author of "Hackers". He's not some hack writer slumming in the tech department on his way to politics or sports...he's Steven-Fucking-Levy. Folks ought to show some respect. I'm not wishing for an automatic +5 from fan-boys (ala Bruce Perens), but it'd be nice to see some evidence that the idiots aren't running the asylum over there in Slashland. Finally, my post elicited a +5 Interesting, but got no replies (other than Steven's response, and a troll). Sure, I'm all giddy about the magnificent impact on my karma (Excellent-Excellent...I feel validated), but I'd rather hear what folks have to say. I'm guessing it has to do with the fact that everyone wants to post to only the latest stories. I miss being able to vote on everything. Sure, I get moderator points over on Slashdot pretty frequently (Karma==Excellent!), but never when I really want to smack someone down or approve something. Why does any of this matter? I dunno. Steven Levy was present at about a third of the dinners during WFP 2007. He did serious research for the article. It is a fair presentation, with a bit of hyperbole thrown in (most likely to satisfy editors). And, he is no mere "reporter". He is Steven Levy, who is among the best technology writers. Howdy Bit, "Yes, I mean "build your thing." This is NOT the "YC model". The YC model is "build a demo so you can get VC money"." Where did you get that idea? Paul actively discourages YC companies to seek VC money, and is very nearly hostile to the groups who don't launch product by the end of the program. "You're still assuming that the purpose of your company is to demo your way into a job (eg: get "big" funding.)" Nope, you haven't bothered to look at what me and my company (a YC funded company) are doing. We've launched. We sell products to real customers for real money. We support them like a mofo. We add features and make it easier to use every week. Then we lather-rinse-repeat. We're building a serious business, and YC has been very encouraging about it. You've got the wrong end of the stick on everything YC is doing, as far as I can tell. "Sorry, I didn't mean network with your peers (if your peers are under 25)." Did you miss where I said I'm old. I'm 32, and this is my second company. I mean exactly what I said. "but your coming off like Mark Zuckerberg... there are great bright valuable people in business." Now you're just talking crazy. I've frequently made fun of Zuckerberg here on News.YC. Partly because I'm old. I've made no suggestion that you should only talk to young people. I am suggesting that hanging out with other smart people starting companies is the smartest thing you can do. I stand by everything I said about the YC events that were open to all comers. I'm not saying you can't gain anything from talking to business-oriented folks...I'm just saying I don't find any value in meeting with "business idiots" who want me to implement their dumbass ideas for them in exchange for 5% of their company. Business idiots are not the same as business folks who are useful to talk to. YC brings it on the latter, and skips the former entirely. "Nothing wrong with hanging out with other 25 year olds, but that's not the point." Again, I'm 32. My co-founder is 33. I'm cantankerous, and don't like kids. If there were any in the WFP, I managed to avoid noticing. The YC companies I've met are serious folks. "And you will NOT find them at a YC infest.... because these are people who are running successful companies." Oh, right. I met Joe Kraus...umm, at YC. Mark Fletcher...hmm, that was at YC, too. Evan Williams...argh, also at YC. Greg McAdoo...holy crap, YC. Ron Conway...I'll be damned, at YC. "The more people associated with the program act like stepford hackers the more you're going to see "trolling" ...and the less time I'll spend here... whenever I've expressed something not %100 in line with the PG ideology, the responses have been vehemenant and identical... not counter arguments, but repetition of the ideology." I don't know anything about that, and it doesn't matter to me whether you stick around. ;-) Where'd you get the the idea that Paul encourages any of the things you suggest? Certainly not in his essays...they're anti-VC, and always focus on building something people want. Early exits are a part of the strategy for a lot of YC companies, that's true, but I don't see where there's anything wrong with that. It's also clear to me that YC doesn't demand early exits (we are not an early exit company, and have never presented ourselves as one). That's a really good point. You reap what you sow, and the Wufoos sow lots of goodwill and good humor, and that's what they get in return (generally). There's a lot of that kind of thing on their sites ("dinosaur buddy", "like a champ", etc.). I've been trying to start thinking like that in all of my interactions with customers and users of our Open Source products. People take just about everything, even bad news or criticism, better if it is from a friend. Guy Kawasaki writes fantastic books, and I hope to meet him one of these days. But, I won't be visiting Truemors again. I don't think his stated definition has a narrow context at all. It seems to apply to anything. As a corporate motto, of course it only applies to Google...but as a statement of ethics it looks pretty general. True...Optimizing for getting to that popularity level fast is the wise thing to do, and so the most productive tool to develop in is the best one. But...there are major costs to a lack of reliability, and they can rear their head before you reach that level of popularity. If you're not able to stay up during that all important first crunch or slashdotting or digg...you won't ever make it to the sustained popularity and growth that requires scaling up. RoR does seem to have some problems with that. Ruby is the slowest of the most popular scripting languages, by most measures. RoR is pathological with databases in some circumstances (not common cases, admittedly). And, from what I can tell most RoR stacks (Apache+fcgi, Mongrel, ngenix, Lighty, etc.) have one or more pretty serious flaws when scaling up. I'd still consider using it, since it's so much damned fun to write Ruby code. Quite right. I love yelp. Visit it regularly, for all sorts of reviews. As Aston pointed out, it looks a lot like yelp. I can see you've tried to differentiate it with the "food blog" thing, and all...but I think those changes make it less interesting than yelp rather than merely differentiated. Don't get me wrong, it looks really nice--nice design, cool features with the maps and all. Looks like you've executed well, but with maybe a somewhat weak idea. It can probably be flipped over into something cool. You just need to figure out what... And you will need more content, as another said. Until someone comes to your site and gets value out of it, they won't feel compelled to pay it forward with a contribution of their own. Food is a niche? Everybody eats...Most people prefer to eat good food rather than crap food. Great to see Perl is coming back into vogue in these kinds of conversations. It's gotten a bad rap for a while, because it's so easy to write really messy and ugly code...but it's also extremely expressive, and contains more functional constructs than even Ruby or Python. Perl 5 didn't get objects right, but they aren't awful (not nearly as big and clunky as Java/PHP). Perl 6 really will be a killer. I watched Audrey Tang's recent video about it, and it was just astounding how far they plan to leap with Perl 6...I must have known it was coming, since I read the apocalypses years ago, but seeing the example code blew me away. It's still a pretty good learning language, and an unbeatable "get things done" language because of CPAN, but if pressed I would have to recommend Ruby or Python for first time programmers. View3 are 2/3 Indian, I believe. Also on student visas at Stanford, if I recall correctly. But, I understand getting a work visa can be challenging and time-consuming. Temporary for the 3 months might not be as big of a problem...Auctomatic came from England for YC and only stayed 90 days (with plans to return ASAP). Maybe Kulveer or Harj will chime in with what they had to go through to make it happen. True on the surface. But Ruby's everything-is-an-object is a big difference in the way you think when working in each of the languages. Ruby definitely guides you into an OOP mindset, while Perl leaves all paths open...I don't necessarily consider this a win, but it is a pretty big difference in the way one thinks, even if the syntax of Ruby is immediately comfortable to a Perl programmer. We almost never use OO in our Perl codebase, except where bolting on OO makes a lot of sense (specifically, the UI functions, some CPAN modules that have a more natural OO interface), but in the Ruby code I've written it's all objects and it never feels forced or bolted on. Partly, it's the tasks we're doing where functional programming makes more sense, and partly it's due to having a large codebase that pre-dates Perl 5. Oh, yeah, we also have a huge swath of disparate data being passed around amongst different systems and services, and it's very natural to pass them around as arrays and treat them similarly to lists in lisp. map, grep, shift/unshift, and pop/push get a lot of use in our code. I'm pretty certain we'd do it differently in Python and we'd probably do it differently in Ruby. It'd probably take quite a bit more code in either of those languages, but it might be more readable on first (and second) glance. Perl 6 will change some of our practices (in three or four years when Perl 6 is wide-spread, anyway), but not all of them. Objects will be beautiful in Perl 6, so we won't avoid them, and argument passing will be much cleaner (right now we pass around refs to arrays a lot, which is somewhat fragile when API changes happen), so those things will change, but our treatment of data will probably remain similar. So, I agree with you about Ruby syntax. It looks very similar, and is very comfortable to me, as a long time perl coder. But when you actually start building things, the comfortable paths diverge quite a bit. It's always fun to see projects I was involved in being used in huge deployments. Squid, in this case. Too bad the mention was merely to explain that they use it but it's not fast enough! Why? Bloglines outsourced quite a few things. Digg outsourced quite a bit of its early development...didn't seem to hurt it much. MySpace was outsourced development early on, too. That's not to say I particularly like Truemors...the spamminess of it pretty much makes it worthless to my eyes, but it's not spammy because it was outsourced, but because of specific implementation decisions. Better with two if both are dedicated. Otherwise the second is a negative. You need a second to keep you motivated and moving when things on your plate slow down or get painful. A second that sits most of the process out is not part of that equation. If you need their investment, negotiate based on it as an early investment rather than as a partnership (a partner gets lots of sweat equity and a pittance based on some small amount of cash invested--equity bought with cash is usually much smaller and on less favorable terms in the sense that small sums do not bring seats on the board, etc.). But you probably don't need that money. Buy back their share (if you've already incorporated and issued shares), and call it a friendship rather than a business partnership. You do not want to deal with these questions down the road when the company has assets. 1. Construct straw man built from edlin 2. Call it modern vim/emacs+bash and knock it down in a blog post 3. Profit! With apologies to all recovering Slashdotters. I dunno if I buy this theory. It's always risky to build a product that only survives at the behest of another company. Microsoft killed at least as many application providers as they acquired, and while Facebook doesn't seem Microsoft caliber evil, we don't have any particular evidence that they aren't. They don't even have a motto proclaiming their aversion to evil. That's not to say it won't happen...but I suspect it'll be even odds for quite some time that Facebook will develop their own version of the most profitable niches (already happened with classifieds, apparently, which was announced just days before another product from another company that did the same thing). I don't follow Facebook very closely, so I don't know any details, but if you build a company based on Facebook, the only liquidity option is "sell to Facebook". I don't like those odds. In other words, if you want to work for Facebook, just get a job with Facebook. There's still tons of upside on their stock, so if you get options, you will likely be rich in a four years when they vest. Yes, it was, until he executed on it as an adult and formalized it and made it into something useful. Had the idea stayed an idea, or just been handed off to someone else who hadn't the mental capacity to do something with it, it would have remained worthless. In short, Paul was right. Ideas are worthless. Ideas plus execution can have value. Why fight it? Got some great ideas but no capacity to execute? Just accept it and start executing. I'm clearly out of the loop. I've never heard of any of those except Larry and Sergey. They definitely aren't the "first obvious" choices for me. ;-) It's entirely relevant, and not entirely untrue. With the "platform" launching there will likely be dozens or hundreds of young companies building tools that work with Facebook. If Facebook eats all profitable niches (as they seem more than willing to do, as shown by the low-hanging fruit of classifieds), even if "partners" are living in them, there will be no room left for those young companies. I'd steer well clear of building anything that I expected to make money on for Facebook. I've been researching widgets/gadgets a bit and the Netvibes API allows cross-platform widgets...which removes their monopoly power, and insures that even if they replicate your functionality, you can refocus on other sources of users. So, if one were to abstract the Facebook API into a "social networks" API of your own, it'd be a sane path. Then, if Facebook launches an exact duplicate of your app, you just refocus your efforts on MySpace, Xanga, LinkedIn, whatever. Of course, this assumes that the others follow the lead of Facebook (which I think is a great idea business-wise--APIs are great for business and good for your users...but not good for your "partners", if you have a habit of picking the winners and killing them with your own implementation). So, I'm definitely not saying folks shouldn't make use of the Facebook API. But think about using it to add value to something already valuable, rather than just building tools that live and die by involvement with Facebook. This looks exactly like Perl's CGI.pm or CGI::Simple to me. That's not a bad thing. Most folks working other languages would do well to pick the most popular CPAN module for a given area and re-implement it in their preferred language as a way to get a jump on development. As some folks have done with Template::Toolkit for other languages. But, I'm not sure I see what's interesting about UCW, other than being written in Lisp. As others have pointed out, the UI is ornery at Startupping. There's just a lot of random crap on the front page...some crap down the middle, some crap on the right side, oh, there's some more crap down the right side. If it were my site, I'd: Kill the big posted on date box beside every item--the way it is now, the date looks like the absolute most vital piece of information on that page. I'm pretty sure that wasn't the intent. I'd shrink to title down to just the title. The author, the category, "no comments", needs to go away or to the bottom of the entry. I'd reduce the size of the summaries I'd probably shrink the content area width...I have a hard time scanning it quickly. I've built a business solo, and I'm now building one with a co-founder. I can say, without hesitation, that the latter is better. I'm a lifetime loner, stupidly independent, and I don't play well with others, but having a co-founder is still a major net win for me. I'm lucky in that I've been working with my co-founder for years (I used to hire him for UI development work when I ran my previous company), so I know that our various skills and our personalities mesh well. If you can't find a founder that fits well with you, and that you can trust not to screw you at the first opportunity, then going it alone is the only option. But, I'd recommend trying to find a co-founder. Sure, you can build a successful business solo...but it gives you much worse odds. OK. So I should read deeper into the docs. But the first few pages of examples are straight out of CGI.pm. I didn't see any continuations in the first couple of pages of the docs. They merely looked like lisp versions of the examples for CGI.pm. If those first few examples aren't representative of UCW, then I'll happily retract my assertion. Yes, I've occasionally lost focus. I'd recommend against it. People starting up don't have time for IRC. (Or news.YC...Oops.) Do you want me to list all 10,000 good Open Source projects, or just the ten I like the most? Seriously, SourceForge alone has 149,257 projects, and that's probably not even a quarter of all Open Source projects. You've really got to give us more to go on. PDFs are almost never worth checking out. They tend to indicate someone believes their words are too valuable to demean them with a mere website...and folks who think that way are generally blow-hards. I think I'd rather catch up on Particle Tree articles than read the suggested PDFs (because it's a great resource...but I think this post is off the mark). You must be new here. You see, this is a site about starting businesses. People start businesses to make money. Businesses that make a lot of money are generally better to start than businesses that don't. Yes, you came off as morally smug. Most of the folks I know who start businesses (and I know a lot of them these days) aren't grading themselves on "number of fancy items owned". In fact, people who start businesses seem to be less impressed by the trappings of wealth than most. pg rolls in a Mazda 3, and I don't recall ever seeing any particularly expensive cars in the YC lot, even when Joe Kraus, Evan Williams, Ron Conway, etc. were there (though I may not have been paying attention). When you run a business revenues are a measure of how much you're building something good, so you want high revenues because you want to know you're building something good. It has nothing to do with what you plan to buy with the money. Octopart - Order aggregation, take a cut (or sell company to highest bidder and move on...rumor has it this may have already happened). And going back into previous YC groups: Wufoo - upsells to larger accounts TextPayMe - Something to do with Amazon, apparently. (But even if that's a misunderstanding, they can take a cut of all transfers.) Inkling - Charge businesses Loopt - Partnerships ("I know where you at!") But there are a number of YC companies for whom ads will be a significant portion of revenue. Up-selling to premium services can be a challenging business. We (Virtualmin) basically are in the up-selling to premium services business, as well, because we have millions of users of our Open Source software and currently only hundreds of paying users. It's not as hard as I'd feared it might be, however...if there's a compelling value in the upgrade, it's a no-brainer for anyone that uses the product to make money. Anytime buying a product for a few bucks can make your job easier and your customers happier, it's a win, and most successful business people know that. Upselling individuals is much harder--they value their time differently. So, I believe free-to-premium works great for business-oriented services and products, and not so much for consumer-oriented businesses. I'd be curious to know how much flickr was making on its premium service before the acquisition, as it's one of the "knock out" success stories for the free-to-premium model, but I wonder if they were actually making enough to make payroll and sustain growth. "I don't want to sound like I am indorsing or rejecting anything I would just like to see more creative income models." I don't know how many more creative models there can be. The list by sharpshoot above gives a pretty good picture of a wide array of business models. I'm sure there are other ways to make money...but most of the obvious ones (and a few non-obvious ones) are covered by the past YC companies. I don't know anything about the TechStars companies, so I can't speak to that. Agreed. I'd like to know his definition of "big", "little", and "fun" games. I agree that such differences exist...and I see people playing all three, sometimes without realizing which one they're playing (playing the big game accidentally is rare, but does happen sometimes). And I agree that playing any one of them is fine, as long as you know what you're playing. The saddest examples are folks who play the fun game thinking they're playing the little or big game...after a while the fun goes out of it, and because it's being played like a fun game, the rewards are non-existent or certainly not worth the effort when it's not fun anymore. I'll go so far as to say I think Evan accidentally ended up playing the big game with Blogger. Started out as fun, but ended up being big. And, to be even more bold, I suspect he started out playing big with twitter but it's going to turn out to be a little game (but it's also fun, so that's probably OK). Accidents happen. And, I may be wrong...I've met Evan a couple of times and he's quite smart, so he could very well be playing an even bigger game than Blogger with Twitter. There's certainly enough cell phones out there to make it so. Visit Rackspace.com No. But it might help to have a good reason for using an inferior language. There have been many PHP-based products, and a few Java products that I'm certain of. As someone else mentioned, it seems very likely that Xobni are using .Net since they're building desktop Windows software. Our products are in Perl. And Python and Ruby have a few adherents among YC'ers. So, make sure you can defend your choice, and you'll be fine. Presumably you've thought a little about your language choice, so defending it shouldn't be hard. The other YC'ers might make fun of you, though. It really is a pretty stinky language for web apps (and most apps these days ought to be web apps). That looks quite cool. It looks like a formalization of WSGI application techniques, rather than anything entirely novel, but it's simplicity is very appealing. The examples are impressively tight...not a lot of extraneous crap required to fire up an application. Several reasons: The most compelling, and inarguable, being that our codebase is approaching ten years old (Webmin, with about 300k lines of code, is the core of our product). Ten years ago, Perl was the clear choice for web applications and system administration applications, so it was a double win. Several "competing" Open Source and proprietary products in other languages, including Python and PHP, have come and gone during that time, and we expect more to come and go in the future. Re-writes of a large codebase merely to follow language fashion are idiotic, and we're not idiots. Jamie and I have frequently worked in other languages, with Python having been used heavily by both of us. I'm a bit of a language geek and so I spend a few days every month with something new (I'm playing with Haskell right now). We're not Perl-only developers, but in hindsight Perl has served Webmin very well, and it continues to do so. It has some very nice functional constructs that make the kinds of data processing we do simple and short...we make heavy use of map, grep, first class functions, etc. and it's possible to treat Perl arrays like Lisp lists, which can be very powerful. We'll both admit to liking Python syntax. We might even admit to liking it better than Perl, after we've had to dig into one of the older modules in Webmin and interpret some of the squiggles Jamie used back then. I definitely like Ruby syntax better. But, although I've said that we aren't Perl-only developers, it is worth mentioning that Jamie (the primary developer on all of our products) is fantastically proficient with Perl. It's a language he's been working with full-time for his entire professional career, and it shows. He can produce, in hours, what I've witnessed other projects spend weeks or months creating badly. Perl is extremely expressive, quite concise, is fast enough for almost everything we do, has great Unicode support, threads and concurrency that works, and an extremely mature and stable implementation. We can count on our software running on just about any recent or future version of Perl. This is not true of Python, Ruby, or PHP (with PHP being the most egregious example of backward-compatibility failure--I've done enough work in all three to know that Perl wins hands down in this area). Java is pretty stable, but would require a lot more code, and it isn't as widely available on Linux systems. "close ties to shell scripting" doesn't really play much of a role, though the close ties to system administration does. Perl evolved out of system administration and text processing tasks, so it has a lot of great features for those tasks. As mentioned, Perl's grep is great for that kind of job, as are map, split, etc. It's nice to have iterators that already exist for the exact tasks we're doing. Sure, we could write our own in other languages (assuming they have the constructs needed to do it cleanly...so Python and Ruby, but probably not PHP), but we don't have to in Perl. I've worked on system administration tools in Python in the past, having modified yum, trac, Subversions post-commit mailer.py script, and Mailman for various custom tasks, and I generally come out the other side thinking, "I could have done that faster, and cleaner, in Perl". This reflects my own weakness in Python nearly as much as the strengths of Perl over Python, but I don't believe it is entirely my lack of proficiency. Perl just does some things better, and system administration is one of them. I'm actually in the midst of choosing a language for new hosted applications, and so I'm thinking a lot about whether to stick with Perl or branch out some. We are no longer really tied to Perl--even with things that go out to customers--as Webmin has an XML-RPC interface, which can be used from any language with reasonable support for XML and sockets (pretty much all modern languages). But for hosted apps we're entirely free to choose. So, the UI portion of it will be implemented in PHP, to ease integration with our Joomla-based website...since I thoroughly dislike working in PHP, the other components of those apps will be in another language...probably Perl, but I'm toying with Erlang and Haskell. We'll see. In short, saying "Perl, really?", kind of indicates a bias against Perl that is unjustified. Sure, many have trouble with the syntax. It can be intimidating. I've been working with it for years, and I generally can't write more than 10 lines without a syntax error! And, much Perl code in the wild is ugly...even some of Webmin's older code that we have to work with (and some of the newer code that I write that Jamie hasn't fixed yet!). But, it's among the most powerful mainstream languages. Because the folks making decisions about Perl don't have Guido's or Matz' devotion to one particular development model, Perl gets everything--every cool idea in software development ever thought of has an implementation in Perl. You can code entirely in a functional style in Perl. You can do OO. You've got first class functions and closures. TMTOWTDI is a double edged sword, we can all agree, but if used wisely, it cuts through an awful lot of crap really fast. ;-) What do you believe would be the obvious choice for a web-based application that administers everything on a UNIX system? Keep in mind: It runs as root. Directly parses and edits every configuration file that is managed--this is not a "generate config files from a database plus templates" tool--it has to understand the configuration files and edit them cleanly. Strong regex support is vital. It is internationalized to dozens of languages...it needs to support Unicode. It has to be reasonably fast...it serves dozens of users simultaneously, often doing rather complicated tasks. It needs to be a widely available and stable language--we support dozens of platforms (nearly all Linux distros, Mac OS X, the BSDs, and even Windows to some degree). All of them have different versions of Perl, Python, Ruby, PHP etc. and varying degrees of library support "out of the box". We need to know that whatever reasonably recent version exists will work fine now and in the future. Aston's right. Boost (the carrier that offers Loopt) would be a competitor, but Loopt wouldn't. If we were starting Webmin, Virtualmin and Usermin today, it could very well be in Python. We both like it as a language, and have worked in it on pretty large projects. And the syntax is certainly cleaner and simpler. I'm also quite fond of Ruby, though its standard implementation leaves a lot to be desired (performance, Unicode, lack of libraries). But, we'd have to spend some time with it to know for sure...as I mentioned in the longer explanation in this thread, I've done quite a bit of sysadmin tasks in Python (modifying others code, generally), and in every single case I've felt like the implementation was longer than it needed to be, and more complex. In a couple of cases, I even talked it over with seriously good Python guys and did comparative implementations to try and improve my own grasp of Python, and the response was generally something like: "Sure, the Python implementation is twice as long, and runs slower, but I can't read the Perl implementation!" Which is a valid response, of course, but I think just showed that they had never worked in Perl and had little comprehension of its idioms. But, to be fair, I've been pleasantly surprised by some of the Python code I've had to modify. Perhaps the single most satisfying patch I ever wrote for someone else's code was to add authentication support back into yum after they moved from urllib to urllib2. It was the first Python code I'd ever touched, and it was a very pleasant learning experience. Really nice code. Amie Street isn't perfect. It's a beautiful idea, but it didn't work for me the first couple of times I've visited (I use Linux, so I pretty much expect websites to not work, if they do anything fancy...I just move on). This post caused me to check it out again, and the player does work now. Hooray! Executing better is still a possibility. Niche-focused versions would also be a possibility. Most of the top ten on the front page suck. I've been a happy subscriber for years with eMusic and it's focused on indie music (I guess Amie also has a focus on indie, since no one else is taking part in this model right now, though the number 1 song at Amie right now is atrocious "soul" pop). That happens with every startup I've ever seen, within months of starting it up--regardless of the quality of the startup. I don't think this is a very good way to measure startup potential. You, as the entrepreneur, better be damned excited about your idea and your team and your product. So excited, in fact, that you talk about it all the damned time to everyone. Of course, talking is rare...you don't talk to many people during that phase, because you're busy working. But nonetheless, if your girlfriend isn't sick of hearing about what you're working on, then you might not be passionate enough about it to pull it off. I planned to build something very similar this about four years back. Registered "Ransomware.com" just for the purpose (and still hang onto the domain, because one day I might come back to it). This was about the same time I started in on what is my current business, so it took a backseat. Anyway, I think it's a solid idea--but the competition is stiff. SourceForge.net takes donations on behalf of its projects, every Open Source project has a PayPal link, Elance/rent-a-coder eats up the very specific work where only one person/company wants it, SitePoint runs "contests" sponsored by big companies. And, of course, your profit comes from taking a small cut, so you have to do a very high volume--hundreds or thousands of projects per day, if you want reasonable revenues for just a couple of employees. If it's a one-man shop, it's a solid business. By the time you take investment, or hire some additional employees, it could get ugly. It worked for Mark Shuttleworth during (before) the first boom. It could work for you, too! There's a lot of competition out there these days, and the cost/time of getting accepted by all of the browsers put your time to revenues sometime two or three years into the future. In other words, it's a hard business to get into to, and you'll probably need a source of revenue while you wait. That's why folks who sell domains are getting into the business...they have some revenues from the domain business for those two or three years, and then they have a large customer base to sell the certs to. It's related to a lot of startups, I would think. Spam is a problem in almost every form of communication today--and most startups are about communication. Spam is no longer contained to the SMTP protocol. I get spam on my blog, in our forums, and in our wikis. I'm sure it's going to be a problem in messaging, if it isn't already. And, many startups are dealing with email. It isn't what we advertise as an important part of our product, and yet we spend vast amounts of developer time worrying about it, 90% of it related to spam. If I hadn't already heard Paul's comments about this at a YC dinner, it would have been welcome advice (and the link to Taylor's "Sender Reputation..." article was very useful). The tantalizing bit of data that Google might someday open their reputation data was also news worthy of comment. The question, of course, is who do we have to kidnap and hold hostage in order to make that happen sooner rather than later? You might consider SciPy. http://www.scipy.org It's an Open Source Python-based platform for mathematical and science development. The IPython shell is developed coincident to the platform, and is a great shell in and of itself (useful even if you aren't using SciPy, NumPy, or matplotlib). I don't know much about Mathematica or MatLab, as I don't actually do much scientific work...but I know that when I was working with the SciPy folks, there were a lot of converts coming from those platforms and ecstatic about the benefits of Python for this kind of work. I'll concur on ServerBeach and RackSpace (and not just because they include Webmin on all of their boxes). Great company with great service and reasonable (not cheap) prices. For the slightly lower end, Joyent's Accelerators are a cool and cheap way to get a "dedicated" system (they run in Solaris Zones, which are, frankly quite a bit more reliable than Virtuozzo and vservers based systems), and the company is run by a bunch of really smart guys. And I swear I'm not just saying that because they include Virtualmin GPL on all of those virtual servers, or because they are upgrading to Virtualmin Professional on their TextDrive shared hosting systems as we speak. Or because I like them personally. And just so you don't think I'm only recommending companies that use our software, The Planet is good and cheap, too. Very solid network and hardware. We've got a big Dell box with them that includes a remote terminal thingy that allows me to see the BIOS and all via a remote Java applet console. Very cool. They do not, however, offer any Virtualmin products on their boxes...that's a problem, of course. But I'm sure we'll remedy it soon enough. Tell us what you really think, tx! Don't hold back on our account. Oh, yeah, you're also wrong. The desktop is dead. It, and apparently you, just don't know it yet. Sure, it'll be years before everything we do happens on the network...but not many years. It's just too damned convenient to have it floating in the cloud, accessible wherever you happen to be and with whatever devices you have handy. Say what you will about Guy, he's a hell of a speaker. His "Art of the Start" video should be required viewing for everyone everywhere with even a passing interest in startups or public speaking. It's very compelling stuff. Sure, you don't know it's dead yet, either. ;-) Privacy awareness and assurance will come to these services. Most small businesses already outsource email...that's as "confidential" as most businesses get. I already know dozens of people that use gmail for everything (business and personal). It's not a large gap between that and presentations, spreadsheets, etc. And, of course, "web" doesn't just mean "running at Google". There are numerous installable products that aren't desktop apps, but keep data within an organization. "In fact, I only use websites to read news and forums." This merely exhibits your own bias, not the coming reality. Sure, it'll be years, as I mentioned. But it's definitely coming. The convenience, higher efficiency (both for the provider and the consumer), and faster pace of innovation will win in the end. Someone else mentioned that desktop software is harder and that web apps can be developed by hacks...while that isn't entirely true (the apps we're generally willing to rely on were developed by seriously good developers regardless of whether it's desktop or web-based), it's another reason for web apps to win. More developers equals more apps for more specialized needs. Just like DSLs are the best way to solve many programming problems, custom apps are the best way to solve many software problems...with more developers more custom apps can flourish. And if you have a choice between a poorly fitting desktop app, or an ideally fitting web app designed exactly for your business and industry, you'll choose the web app. Again, I don't know that it's really true--all software is hard, when it comes to making it ready for the masses. Anyway, denial is a part of the seven stages of grief. For those grieving the death of the desktop, you've probably got a couple of stages to go, and that's alright. ;-) I've got Unicare's cheapest plan and pay about $80/month. It'll cover anything terrible, and otherwise I'm an active healthy vegetarian non-smoking 30-something male. Women pay more in this age range, but not a huge amount more. If you can't handle paying $30 co-pay for doctors visits, and similar on prescriptions, and having no dental or vision, then you're probably not quite ready to dive into business--unless you raise money. You do need health insurance. A single illness can wipe out your company in very short order--and not just because you're not on the job while recovering. The corporate veil is thin very early on, and if you've got corporate money in the bank, your debtors will want it. I agree. The most valuable thing, out of a wide array of valuable things, for us turned out to be the other founders. I can point to a dozen new features in our product that came from discussions at YC dinners (Ruby Gems module, mobile access, multiple usability enhancements, EC2 support, S3 support, and on and on). Our new website (launching soonish) turned out vastly better than it would have been without the feedback of guys like Kevin Hale of Wufoo and Evan from SocialMoth/Overhear.us (and some anonymous YC'ers on Overhear.us who took a look at it during various stages of development and gave us some pointers). "Without automatic testing dynamic languages are not very productive because they do not catch type mismatch errors during compilation time (there isn't one). With statically typed languages you get a lot of tiny issues taken care of once you hit magic "compile" button and compiler does some basic sanity checks." You're just exhibiting a basic dislike of dynamic languages. Type mismatch errors are mostly orthogonal to testing. "Without solid unit tests backing you, activities like removing "obsolete" methods or renaming classes/modules turn into nightmare with duck typed languages." This is a nightmare regardless of typing. If you remove a method that is still used somewhere, you've broken something, and you may not spot it until after it ships to customers. It doesn't matter whether you have type checks or not. A compiled language that links in those classes and methods at compile time does resolve this issue, but it's not related to types (and you have to wait on the bloody thing to compile every time you change one character in the file). Testing does resolve this problem--but it's not a problem specific to dynamic languages. If you get a warm fuzzy feeling from type checking from your compiler, then by all means, enjoy it. But there are tools for most mature dynamic languages (Perl and Python for example) that will do that checking without having to write tests manually. But, having never found type errors to be a problem in my Perl or Python code, I've never used them. Some problem sets are more prone to type mismatch bugs than others, and I guess my areas of interest are among the ones that are rarely effected. Fantastic UI. I wouldn't use it for a "real" app, but for fun stuff, it's awesome and fun to play with. Best of luck! Hint: Click "View" in your browser menu, and the click "Page Source". Right at the top there's a list of libraries. ;-) Looks like Prototype plus several of Prototype extensions, plus some other random stuff--probably a few custom libs given the filenames. "How is it not related to the compile-time name resolution and type checking?" Please re-read, carefully. I said that compiled and strongly typed are two orthogonal language characteristics, and that each of those characteristics solves one set of problems (while introducing some of its own). I specifically said exactly what you've said about compiled languages identifying missing methods. But it's not because it is a strongly typed language, it's because it is compiled. What's so bad about having a little clarity in our use of terms and concepts? My co-founder and I met online working on an Open Source project together, but we certainly aren't strangers who met just to start a company. We'd been working together for years, but had only met in person once before starting the company (and twice before applying to YC, post-YC we get together weekly and communicate daily via email and bug tracker). It can definitely work, but I'd suggest working with folks on projects (Open Source or school or whatever) for a while before partnering up. It's hard to know how well you'll mesh and how much they'll hold up their end of the bargain. Make sure you can compromise, even in the face of disagreements. And make sure you trust the others judgment so that you don't have to discuss every little thing. I almost never have discussions with my co-founder about any specific details of implementation. We discuss goals and objectives, and then go back to our respective offices and do the jobs we said we'd do in the way we think is best. If it turns out to be wrong, we'll hash it out, but that's so rare that it's not worth taking the time up front to figure it out on every little detail. The companies that split have turned out to be failures (with the exception of reddit). Try to pick a good co-founder. So, while it's true that you'll probably fail if you get choose a poor co-founder, it's also true that you'll probably fail without a co-founder. In the end the result is that you're working alone, which is a bad place to be. It looks strikingly like Weebly (down to an identical color scheme and blogging features), but it does seem to come at the problem from a slightly different angle. Debian or Ubuntu LTS releases are fine. Avoid the usual Ubuntu releases, as their lifecycle is too damned short. Likewise for Fedora (if you like Red Hat based free systems, CentOS will do). I wrote an article about this based on my experience with thousands of Webmin/Virtualmin/Usermin users: http://www.obsceneart.com/?p=30 "IMO production server is just that: a production environment. You set it up just once and you're not supposed to mess around alot." That's why you should have stuck with LTS. 7.04 will likely be EOL'ed in the next few months (unless they branch another LTS version of it), and then you'll be forced to upgrade under duress. Long life cycle is probably single most important factor in choosing a good server distribution, because "you're not supposed to mess around alot". That's wise. When they do an LTS version, then bumping to 7.x is sane. ;-) Sounds like management has serious problems. You never want key members of the team to have questions about whether their effort is going to be rewarded in the event of a nice liquidity event. 0.2% would be great if you're working for the next Google--but even Google gave away more then 0.2% to their first employee. If it's not the next Google, think long and hard about how you're spending your time. The only reason anyone, other than the founders, works for a startup is for the liquidity event (or a solid future of profit sharing if no such event is planned). When we hire our first full-time employee we expect to offer them 1-5%, depending on their other compensation requirements and what they bring to the team. Also, 12-14 hour days and seven day weeks are not productive over a sustained period, and they're a sign that the founders don't have a lot of real world experience. It can work out, if everyone is just that passionate and feels like founding members of a great company, but I don't think 0.2% (vested over four years) would make me feel like a founding member. I'd say get out...Not just because the carrot (0.2%) is much smaller than the stick (12-14 hour days), but because I'd lay good odds on this company failing fast. From the small bits of data we have, I believe your companies management is incompetent. Funny that Reddit catches most of the flack. If "rufy" is around, I'd love to hear his take on the now undeniable success of Reddit (apparently not the biggest success story from that program, but the one we all know about). It was. Several times. Auctomatic/Boso - From the UK, on 90 day temp visas. I believe they've gotten back to the states now. View3 - 2/3 from India (I think), on education visas Virtualmin - 1/2 from Australia, on a long-term work visa (Oz has its own batch of visas...it's easy to get one of these, apparently) Heysan - From Sweden, on some kind of work visa, seemingly long-term as one of them is still in the states I think that's all from WFP07. I'm not sure about previous programs...I think they were predominantly US citizens. It's predominantly JavaScript. I believe the back end is Java. Good lord. What a way to start a silly thread. Pick an Open Source application you find useful and would enjoy enhancing, and learn whatever language it is written in. If you're new to the field (you haven't mentioned whether you're a proficient developer in other areas, or if you really mean "new to development"). In either case, you don't have to knowledge at this point to determine the "best" language for your goals, so start with the one that will be the most fun and productive for you today. That means starting with an existing application. In the end, they're all pretty similar, and the skills you learn with PHP, or Perl, or Python, or Ruby, or Java will serve you well when you begin to learn how you think about development problems and find the language that suits that way of thinking. I agree with lizherring. The fonts are just right. The designer cult has trained people to think small fonts look more professional or classy or something. Big fonts are jaunty and friendly. It suits this interface perfectly. Otherwise jsjenkins is spot on. Niches can be a valuable place to gain traction. Perks don't make a soul-stealing job less soul-stealing...but if I have a choice between gourmet food three meals a day (Google) and a coffee maker that no one ever cleans (several companies I've consulted for--at $125/hour) I'm picking the gourmet food every time. It shows a lack of respect for your employees to treat them poorly. It also shows a lack of foresight to not realize that if you don't feed your people, they will go out to lunch most days. Have you ever been out to lunch with people who don't LOVE their job? It's an hour, with drinks, much loudness, etc. and they all come back a bit dazed and don't get anything done for the rest of the day. Anyway, free snacks and drinks (healthy ones please) is the minimum I'd tolerate. I'm cantankerous, of course, and don't play well with others--I've worked for myself starting businesses since I was about 22 and don't have any plans to ever work for anyone else (except in the event of a nice acquisition, but even that isn't high on my list of desires), but I think a lot of nerds feel the same way. We can make good money doing all sorts of things, including working from home in our underpants, why would we put up with a work environment that is any less enjoyable? I'd be curious if you think that of our new site at http://www.virtualmin.com We were in WFP07, and just launched the new site this past weekend...it was designed during the time when we were talking to YC companies every week...I wonder if those discussions bred conformity. Thanks dood. Excellent advice. Everyone, pg included, agrees that I talk too much. So I'll definitely cut out some of the unnecessary exposition. Now that you mention it, it seems obvious that I don't need to tell people why they would want to see the demo or the introductory video. It really takes another pair of eyes to spot these kinds of things (maybe design gods can do it all for themselves, but I never would have figured it out for myself). I finally have to accept that pg was right...I talk way too damned much, and everyone agrees. So the text is getting a serious pruning. I'll make the demo more visible. The demo is, in fact, on a slow machine--it's a qemu instance on the server itself. I'm moving it to a much faster xen or EC2 this week sometime. It is now doing double duty as the Webmin demo server, so at any given time there are several people logged in. It's working pretty hard for such a wimpy system. As for the quote being little risque, that's OK in my book. We're not the stodgy choice (that'd be cPanel), so the stodgy "nobody ever got fired for buying cPanel" folks won't buy what we're selling anyway. I think it's downright wonderful that a customer said it on a whim, so I couldn't help but take the opportunity to share it. I've renamed Docs to Documentation. I'll try bumping the nav links up a notch. Thanks for the great tips staunch. I knew you'd say that (about the too much text). Everyone seems to agree, though. Somehow I still manage to talk too damned much. Text is being pruned as we speak. I'll see what I can do about the screenshots. Hey comatose, Thanks for the pointers. All good advice, and I agree with most of it. I won't comment on the too much text any further, since all YC newsies agree. I will cut text with reckless abandon. I've rejiggered the "four ways" paragraph to put what those ways are in the first sentence. I agree about more color...being weak on design limits my capacity to actually do so without making it look like angry fruit salad. I've forced myself to use a very limited palette of carefully selected colors to avoid that problem. But I'll see about getting some more accent colors in their. I do plan to add screenshots to the About/Find out more page. As for the "new Virtualmin.com" part, I think we probably do need it for another few weeks. We had 4000+ registered users, and 500+ paying customers, on the old site, and I had to issue them new usernames and passwords (derived from the old...but the new policies prevent the old from working as they were). So, even though I sent them all email about the change, not everyone got that email, and might need some guidance on getting logged in with the new details. It will go away soon, though, to be replaced by a "news" section, probably. I'll point out the non-obvious fact that everyone is seeing a different quote, every time they load the page. So, the quote you didn't like is probably not the same one the parent did. ;-) It's just nice things people have been telling us lately. The selection of quotes will grow over time. I should probably grill you two to find out exactly which quotes you did and didn't like. Yeah, I noticed that, too. That was due to some other suggested changes. Should be fixed now in the style sheet. Hey mynameishere, Thanks for the suggestions. I was kind of worried about the screenshots, myself. I'll add forward/back clickies. Actually, we're pretty much with you on the "show people what's happening" train, though we don't always show the command being executed (it's often not actually commands, but processing of configuration files and such--restarting services is a tiny part of what we do), we do generally show the command line output of the commands we run. So, restarting a service does give you back the results from the initscript. And to go further on that theme, my book (published by No Starch in '03 and now combined with Jamie's book from the Bruce Perens Open Source series and online for free at http://doxfer.com/Webmin) is pretty heavily focused on connecting up the GUI to the command line. We're not into hocus pocus and hiding the system from the user--our interest is in making it easier to get things done right fast. I'll also mention that Virtualmin is based on Webmin, which is religious about being polite to command line editing of configuration files. You can twist your httpd.conf into a tiny little ball and toss it in a corner, and as long as the syntax is valid, Webmin will deal with it correctly. It respects comments, the order of the file, and won't overwrite your changes (except where it has been told to do so). It is a wholly different kind of product than Plesk or cPanel (which are pretty much all-or-nothing, and don't permit anyone else to touch the config files). Webmin's got over 300,000 lines of code to deal with all of that stuff correctly...nobody else even tries. But, now I'm talking too much. ;-) Thanks again for your thoughts. I see. If you've forced bigger fonts it pushes things around some. I'll have to work on that. A white-space: nowrap for that div makes the login form unbreakable, but it can break the rest of the page with fonts even two notches bigger than what I've specified. That's a problem (I force bigger fonts myself, quite often...). Thanks for pointing it out. "With the watch a video paragraph can't you put the picture of the video with a link and a play button on it here?" That's a great idea. Why didn't I think of that? No, you just didn't know what their product was. It's not your fault. I didn't know what their product was either until around about demo day (two months into the Winter Founders Program). They've got some fruity MySpace widget that they built for marketing purposes and everybody thinks it's their product...their product is actually universal IM for mobile devices. Way cooler than yet another MySpace widget, eh? Matters aren't helped by the fact that the widget was released months before the product (the product is still not properly launched, I don't think). Is that a problem? I kinda thought the variety was interesting. But, if it's disconcerting rather than exciting, I'll make it a bit more predictable. Shows what I know. ;-) Anybody else find randomized screenshots on the front page (and then not matching the big version on the screenshots page) troublesome? Yes. Jamie, my co-founder is the primary author of all 300,000+ lines of code in Webmin and the 90,000+ lines of code in Usermin. (I'm not entirely convinced he's human.) "On another note, why is your software better than cPanel?" That's actually the same note. If you had the question when looking at the website, others will too. ;-) I'm working on a new comparison chart (the old one was too wordy) to post to the website sometime soon. Short answer: We're mobile capable. Nearly everything in the browser UI degrades to a usable mobile accessible version We're clean and polite to the underlying system. Sysadmins who've dealt with cPanel or Plesk on the command line will know how valuable this distinction is. Comprehensive and easily scriptable command line and remote API. Ruby on Rails and Gems support in the next release this weekend PHP 4 and PHP 5 simultaneously with php.ini and PEAR modules management mod_fcgid with suexec (rather than the old and rather clunky suphp) spam/AV filtering per-user and per-domain built-in WYSIWYG website builder nice database GUIs for MySQL and PostgreSQL (I believe they are nicer than phpMyAdmin and phpPgAdmin, but if the user disagrees we also provide those) 70+ easily installable applications (compare to Fantastico at $199 extra), including SugarCRM and a few others that nobody else has the guts to touch because they're so damned complicated to install comprehensive monitoring and alerts (also mobile capable) optional Google Analytics (and Quantcast and MyBlogLog) injection into all pages, regardless of how they're served--static, PHP, Ruby, CGI, whatever tiered pricing, so someone with a couple of domains doesn't have to spend $450 There's more, but I'm talking too much again... Valid point. Whenever folks come to us through "web 2.0" focused channels there is the built-in assumption that it's a service. But, we want to help folks build services on their own servers. I'll spend a bit more effort on making the distinction clear, and making "download it now!" an obvious component (I'm in the midst of porting our automated installer from the commercial version to the Open Source version, so that'll make it easier...right now the GPL version is rather complicated to get spinning). I've done both. I started Swell Technology in 1999, ran it for seven years as the only stock holder. I made a pretty good living, worked on interesting problems, drove a 350Z, and had an office overlooking the corner of 6th and Congress in downtown Austin. Now I'm a 47.5% stock holder in Virtualmin, Inc. (YC has 5%, and my co-founder has the other 47.5%). I work out of the second bedroom in a rental house a couple blocks away from downtown Mountain View, CA, make barely enough money to cover the rent, and don't own a car. But, having a co-founder is a still lot better. I fully expect that in a year, the success I had with my previous company will be dwarfed by what we can achieve with the new one, and a huge percentage of that is being able to share the load. I worked all the time with my old company. For seven years running I never took a real vacation. The sound of a ringing phone makes my stomach hurt due to the constant support calls with my old business (so now, I don't have a phone...we have a bug tracker and public forums to help customers). It's entirely possible to start a company solo. But there are some things you'll want to avoid. If you see yourself in any of the following situations, it is time to change your business: 1. More business than you can handle solo, but not enough revenue to hire help. You're in a bad business or not charging enough. Change something. 2. The mundane (taxes, paperwork, legal compliance, sales or support calls) is taking more than 25% of your time, in order to make ends meet. Pretty much the same reasons as in 1. 3. You realize that the "right price" on your products is such that you'll never be big enough to hire employees, even if 50% of the available market buys what you're selling. If you can't expand the available market, then you're in a bad market. With a co-founder a lot of these things are more immediately obvious...it's easy to keep plugging along when only one paycheck has to be cut each month, and you can tighten your belt one more notch. With two or more, the math adds up, and one of you realizes "Hey, we're never going to build a business at this rate. We need to change things." So, sure, there is a possibility that you'll be Markus Frind or Joshua Schacter. If the idea is really good, and you execute well, you can make great things solo. But the odds are against it. I've used eReleases to reasonable effect, but it seems to be a nebulous field with no one listing prices or describing services rendered very well. Anybody have any clarity to offer? Now, y'all don't all talk at once... Can't beat the price. I just wonder if it reaches anyone...It's a great interface, and has the best user experience of all of the news wire type companies I've seen, but it's also free...and since anyone can send out a press release any time they feel like it, for absolutely no cost, it pretty much guarantees nobody is paying attention. Or am I missing something? I mean to someone other than your mom. http://www.paulgraham.com/submarine.html Just to mention someone we can all recognize. But it's pretty well-understood that PR (not just press releases, but the whole process) is more valuable than any amount of advertising that small companies can afford. Awesome, Eric, will do. Where's the challenge in that? I wanna see a factorial function, iterative and recursive (where applicable), in each. Now that's a nerd. I'm guessing Trevor and rtm could manage about half the alphabet. pg, not a chance, he's too much of a language bigot. I'd be lucky to get through maybe five without consulting a reference of some sort. No, Digg is how Reddit became crappy. A pictures sub-reddit might help fix it. But news.yc definitely does not need subs. It IS a sub and nothing else. How many of you folks are using memcached? We're debating adding it to our default stack. But if it's gonna help like 5 people (instead of thousands), then we're not going to bother, as it's a bitch to maintain packages across a dozen platforms. I'm pretty sure Elijah Wood does not have a startup. Touché. Once again, age and guile beats (relative) youth, innocence, and a bad haircut. Touché. Hehehe...Looks like my challenge should have involved multi-byte encodings, if I wanted to pick on pg. ;-) Really nice execution on an idea so boring and obvious that everybody goes "of course there's a site that does that", which is probably the very best kind of idea. Great intro video, too. Everybody on the internet likes cute girls talking to them. If you manage to get some traction before a dozen imitators spring up, you'll be golden. Argh. You just had to go and ruin a good jab by fixing the problem. ;-) Of course, in the reply page, it's still showing up as "TouchÃ©". I'll reproduce what I sent to tx via email, just in case anyone is curious (I'm with Virtualmin, the company pg mentioned): We really enjoyed YC. I've talked about it a bit in public, here: http://slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=234583&cid=19110535 And the blowback from that on YC News: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21907 We definitely didn't care much about the $15k (in our two-founder case), though it did nicely offset the cost of my move (I sold my 350Z at a rather unfortunate price, and found myself spending more than twice as much on rent as I was paying on a mortgage in Austin). And we're not college kids (we're 32 and 33). We were already selling product when we applied. We viewed it primarily as a really good set of introductions, a good learning experience, and the chance to bounce our product off of the folks who would in the end be the primary users. Our actual buyers are hosting providers, but they buy what their customers want, and everybody in YC is a hosting provider customer, and probably a thought leader in some area of development. We don't begrudge the 5% stake that YC holds, at all, and I think we've already gotten our equities worth from the deal, and we continue to take advantage of their advice. If it hasn't already been made clear by the above bits and other stuff I've posted on YC News, anybody that goes through YC has a really really good chance of getting funding, if they want it. Nobody who aggressively sought funding has failed to raise it...some folks figured out during the program that what they had was not fundable and so didn't go after more money. Others (like us) are biding our time a bit, as we sign on bigger customers and get ourselves into a really solid bargaining position before seriously approaching anyone. We have lunch with them when they call us (and they do call), but we're not asking for money yet. We'd probably take angel money at this stage, but the VCs zeroed in on us as the only enterprise business in the bunch, so that's who we hear from. ;-) If nothing else, moving to the valley was probably the best thing we could have done (Austin Ventures is great and all, and they do a lot of deals...but there's just the one of them, versus hundreds of funding sources in the valley...if there's any chance you'll need money, the odds of getting it are vastly higher here), and YC forced me to make that move (my co-founder was already in Santa Clara). Oh, yeah, we were already a Texas corporation, as well. We dissolved the TX business, and started fresh in Delaware. The structure that YC did for us was a lot nicer anyway. There's a lot of stuff that lawyers in Texas (at least the lawyer I talked to) don't even think about that can be problems later on when funding comes or when options are issued. This is silly. Guy Kawasaki is a good writer, and his books are good, inspiring books. They are not full of secrets, nor are they going to guarantee you success, but they do sum up a lot of things you need to know to be successful. Maybe you already know them, and if so, that's great! You've got a head start. Not everyone does. I really enjoyed his Art Of The Start talk. I also found "Selling the Dream" among the best marketing books available, along-side Ogilvy on Advertising, "Focus"/"Marketing Warfare" (either one will do, as they are effectively the same theme by the same authors), and "What's the Big Idea?" by George Lois. As someone else mentioned, Seth Godin has successfully re-purposed quite a bit of "Selling the Dream" into "Permission Marketing" (and it wasn't original when Guy was pushing it over ten years ago). It doesn't mean "Permission Marketing" sucks, it just means some things are worth repeating. Am I alone in finding tags to be solving the wrong problem? The problem tags solve is, "How do I let contributors do extra work adding meta-data to their contributions?" Making search that works is the right solution to the right problem, in every single case where tags have been used that I'm aware of. Oh, actually, that's not true...flickr tags are extremely useful (when used by large numbers of people to indicate a particular theme or event). But tags at News.YC or at Reddit would be a pointless complexification of the submission and browsing experience. Give me nicely working search (which Reddit didn't have last time I tried it, and News.YC doesn't even try), and I'll never want for tags. In short, I'm very strongly in the camp (assuming I'm not actually alone) that believes tags would be bad for News.YC usability. Search, on the other hand, would be fantastic. Yep, I know the reasons for tags. I still think they're a truly bad idea in this context. A limited selection of tags solves one problem, but then creates new agonizing moments for contributors where they try to figure out whether they ought to select one option or twelve. And a few users, the very ones I probably least want to pay attention to, will assume that their latest blog post about their new GTD web application crosses boundaries in unique ways and would be relevant for all fifty-eight tags. It takes a strikingly small number of bad results to make tags worthless...and I've seen very few occasions where the tag features of a website are not just that. I could be wrong...but I'd like to see an example of a site in the vein of News.YC that uses tags effectively, before I'd even think about admitting it. There's nothing there. It's a single paragraph, surrounded by ads, that says absolutely nothing of value. It's grammatically correct. English is fine. But it says nothing. Most of the Winter Founders Program groups had some notable impact on our product and business... Talking to Tsumobi and Heysan convinced us to add mobile capabilities to our products. That was a big thing. Tsumobi also gave me some new ideas about APIs and how to make them more valuable. The fact that about half of the groups in WFP were using Ruby On Rails gave us the impetus to add RoR and Ruby Gems support. That one has just been released, so I'm not sure how important it's going to be for the majority of our customers. But it's probably good for buzz. I got lots of good feedback on our new website during development from overhear.us, and then here on News.YC once it launched publicly. Alexis' (of reddit) stuff about getting publicity on the cheap was inspiring, and we're starting to put some of it into practice now...I expect it'll be a good thing. Reddit also has awesome design. I liberally stole design ideas from Wufoo and SocialMoth and Overhear.us. Zenter and Octopart were awesome to watch presenting. I hope I picked up a few things. We added a template-based WYSIWYG website builder to our product after Weebly dragged their feet on launching some sort of call-back API. (We'd still like to call out to Weebly, if they ever add an API, but that may not make business sense for them.) Talking to Beau from Snipshot was also useful. Not sure what exactly we got out of it, but I seem to recall he brought up a lot of fantastic ideas in a very short period of time. Hmmm...That's the bits that spring to mind. I'm sure I'm leaving off something... "I wouldn't consider one text-link-ad as surrounding the post. Maybe others would...go figure." We just have a different definition of "ad". "Upcoming Events", the big Flash thing, the one that's bigger than the total size of your article, on the right: That's a big ol' ad. "Site Sponsors", also an ad. "Recent Readers", a big giant ad for MyBlogLog. The P2P news submit assault at the bottom of the article. That's a whole lot of little bitty ads. The Sitemeter tag. Little bitty ad. My definition of "ad" is "anything on the page that serves to take my attention from the content and place it on some other service or product for the obvious gain of someone other than me, the end user." Almost everything else on the page is "ad-like" (things that look like ads and serve to distract from the content on the page, like the "Meet our editors" self-congratulation bit) but only the the above are "ads". Nothing personal, Jim. I enjoy your posts here at News.YC a lot. I'm sure you've got some great articles in you. This just isn't one of them. And, the page could use some simplification so your poor users don't feel assaulted. I had the same problem with Joomla...it took me months to get it simplified to the point where I didn't feel blinded by all of the crap on the page. ;-) Those only last about 6 months. At least for me, I began having horrible back pain from mine. After a couple of tries at those chairs, I replaced it with a used Aeron ($460 at the Arthur Anderson auction...I wanted to bid on shredders, too, but my dad wisely noted that the ones at Arthur Anderson were "all used up"), which I've had for years and the only thing that's any different about it is the lumbar support bar has split some. Still pretty comfortable, and I don't have any back problems with it, despite hours sitting every day (though I do break it up with at least a few walks a day...one for lunch, one for the dog, and one for some random trip to the library or Asian market or bubble tea shop). Interestingly, at the same time, I also bought a Keilhauer chair for $30 in "dirty" condition. A good cleaning, and it's a really comfortable $750 chair for practically nothing. Everybody was focused on the Aerons, so all of the other office chairs went really cheap. I know used furniture stores are a lot less likely to let things go cheap than an auction (and Arthur Anderson only goes out of business once), but it's worth noting that if I'd had to buy a new Office Depot chair every year, I would have spent more than even a new low end Aeron by now and my back would probably be in worse shape (and I can't buy a new one of those). That's not to say Aeron is the be all, end all. Steelcase Leap is a great chair, too. And the afore-mentioned Keilhauer makes really good chairs that hold up for years, and because they're less well-known and don't look as impressive you might be able to find a bargain. Well, if you don't think much of their design, you could try it with a cool design, and see if you can double their take. ;-) We had $16,000 in the bank when we accepted YC funding and were already selling product. Nonetheless, it was 5% of equity well-spent. I couldn't hire pg, tlb, or Jessica for any amount of money. But when I let them give me $15k, they became part-time employees for three months. Pretty cool deal, I think. But, hey, if you already know where you're going and how to get there...and you just need a few thousand dollars to do it, skip YC. It's not right for you. Yes. I have dozens of monitors setup. We have a lot of competitors, though I only really pay attention to the top two. But I don't mention any of what I learn to my co-founder (who does most of the core development), because I don't want our product to be driven too much by what competitors do. We have hundreds of customers ourselves...and they probably know what they want as well as anybody. Anyway, it's easy to get side-tracked by outside stuff...so pay attention to your market, but not too much. You're a gentleman and a scholar, Alex, and you've got my vote. Don't like dogs? Work somewhere else. The vast majority of offices don't allow dogs. Google allows a lot of things that most offices don't...you take the good with the bad. I've been to the Google offices quite a bit, and dogs are not a major source of annoyance for anyone, as far as I can tell (though, truth be told, I like dogs a lot--though the majority of them are small dogs and I tend to like them less than proper sized ones). Nobody makes you work at any particular office or in any particular type of environment...it's up to you to decide where you'll be happiest. Seems pretty obvious to me, but maybe I'm too much of a free market fanboy to see how oppressive Google's dog policy is for dog-haters. "How is this different from allowing people to bring guns to work that they may point at you occasionally?" Wow. You're really nuts. What kind of dogs are you hanging out with? ;-) Agreed. Listen to epi and pg on this one. Your lawyer is nuts. It just shouldn't be an issue. If you or your partner are afraid it might be, you've got the wrong co-founder. You will eventually bring in others and the potential tie will be broken--but for the next six months to two years (before the first VC round happens), your course should already be plotted. No important decisions should come up that require more than a "for the minutes" vote, because you already have discussed things and share the same goals. You've already discussed whether you'd be willing to sell early for some reasonable some, right? That's the big one. Sure, you might have the "do we go for the hundred million user consumer market and burn money like it's going out of style, or the half million user enterprise market and try to make a little money" conundrum that seems so inevitable in web apps...but, as others have noted, if you end up on different sides of this one, you simply can't work productively together...and you probably can't afford to do both. Everything else is execution...and it's stuff you should have already hashed out and agreed (roughly) on. It still sounds like the biggest corporations are making the rules. These reforms do almost nothing for smaller companies and individual inventors, and nothing to address the real harm that patents have done to the web, and the free and Open Source software world. We need somewhat higher standards of novelty and non-obviousness, particularly on "business method" patents (if business method patents should even continue to exist). Agreed. Joe and Blake are two of the smartest guys in the field. Crazily productive to boot. I'm a little surprised by the direction of the acquisition (I would have expected someone bigger than Facebook to be the buyer) but not that one happened quickly. (I predicted that Zenter would not be the last acquisition this year from the WFP07 group.) "AOL failed for a number of reasons, the largest of which was a failure to adapt to the needs of the market. Facebook appears to be a more nimble company and I would be surprised if it had similar problems." You reckon AOL became the largest ISP by "failure to adapt"? No...the failure to adapt came much later. They ruled for a long time. Facebook is barely a wee lad in comparison. If it gets a run as top dog for as long as AOL then Zuckerberg should count his lucky stars. DBA or LLC. Costs $20 or $200, respectively, and each takes about an afternoon to fill out the forms and file. Or just do business as an individual. If you don't need a business bank account, you can do that too. PayPal and Google checkout will accept money on your behalf without much trouble. I'm still trying to figure out how someone would end up with a Creed CD to have to get rid of it. It just doesn't make sense. Did Alexis or Steve pay money for it? Was it thrown through their window by Diggers in retaliation for building a better social news site? Was it left behind in the apartment they rented in SF? Did Scott Stapp seduce Alexis and leave it on the nightstand in the morning? So many unanswered questions. Actually, I think pg was asking "on what do you base the theory that they don't use sophisticated algorithms?" rather than "why do YOU think that startups aren't using sophisticated algorithms?", but depending on the emphasis, it could go either way. "One can still ask the question though: of the startups acquired by major companies, how many of them use sophisticated algorithms?" Yes, one could. Though it isn't the question you originally asked, and so you shouldn't be surprised when you don't get an answer to that question. The question you asked was "why aren't startups using sophisticated algorithms?" ;-) Actually, his repertoire was pretty huge, he never worked blue, and he's among the most successful comics of all time (economically speaking). The last season of Seinfeld paid him (and his co-stars) $1 million per episode. He's not my favorite comic (or even in the top ten), but I'll take productivity advice from Seinfeld any day, all day. I voted down pg on his own site. That was fun! D'oh! Fonts...too...tiny...must squint... Monthly updates by whom? You gonna heard fifty cats (or startup founders) into doing anything that doesn't involve free food? I doubt it. Looks cool! I'm eager to give it a try. Maybe we'll get the YC alumni discount (or maybe just priority on the invites). Non-linkjacked for all of the Yahoo videos, including Crockford's fantastic series, plus the slides: http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/theater/ Here's my bets (maybe I'll corner pg one day and find out if I'm right): 1. Loopt (this is the only one I'm sure is on the list) 2. reddit (news.yc is rather overwhelming evidence) I'm on to pure speculation at this point...but I'll take a stab: 3. Zenter (the only thing I think makes this possibly not as likely is that they sold so quickly...I think pg might like to shoot for something bigger and more world-changing this time around, since he already has plenty of money...maybe Weebly or Buxfer would be number three in that case, while Parakey probably gets disqualified for the similarly early exit) But, I obviously can't speak for pg, and I'm just making stuff up based on limited knowledge. Take it as you will. PHP is just a rather nasty language. It's got a lot going for it, in terms of deploy-ability, scalability, existing libraries and code, and number of developers and designers who are familiar with it, but it's also got a horribly inconsistent standard library, poorly implemented seemingly Java-inspired objects, and a vast majority of the existing code is poorly written. There are some impressive PHP projects out there, with pretty clean code (I've been pleased by the quality of code in Dokuwiki and Flyspray, for example), and you can't beat PHP with a stick for availability--you can deploy a PHP app on the cheapest Dreamhost account and expect it to work just fine. That cannot be said of RoR, Django, or Catalyst applications (and don't even think about Lisp or Haskell or Erlang in that context). During WFP07 it looked something like this on the backend: 45% Ruby (mostly RoR, but one might not have been using Rails) 30% PHP 15% Java 10% Perl Almost all of the groups were heavily using JavaScript, as well. In fact, some of them were predominantly JavaScript with quite lightweight back-ends (Zenter and Weebly come to mind). Heysan were predominantly Flash at the time, but I believe they have a lot more PHP back-end code now. I don't believe there were any Python projects. Most of us are developers. Creativity is only part of the equation, and pot definitely does not contribute to any other piece. Are you sure you need a database? Maybe "none" is the right answer. If it isn't, then maybe SQLite, PostgreSQL, or MySQL. At least, that's the order of preference for me, but I avoid databases when possible. Google uses MySQL heavily, so it obviously scales (but I'm given to understand they had to work hard to do it). "I want to know if something like MySQL/Postgres/SQlite is up to the task?" You haven't defined the task, other than to say it is a web application. At least one of those databases is up to the task, if the task is, in fact, an application that requires a database. Some of the largest sites in the world use one, two, or all three of those databases in one way or another. The best designed of them probably use them appropriately, and thus may have a use for both SQLite and one of MySQL or PostgreSQL. You'd be better off downloading Inkscape, and using straight up plain fonts, with said Kuler palette, than using that tool. Those are simply awful by any definition, and suggesting them for logos is counter-productive, at best. "I am a college student and 99% of my friends have profiles" And this is the relevant bit of you're post. ;-) Except for YouTube, DoubleClick, Zenter, Deja, Blogger, JotSpot, Picasa, Keyhole, Phatbits, Urchin, Writely, hmm...OK, so you're either wrong or we disagree on the meaning of "Google has a huge case of NIH syndrome". You're also competing with others who might be acquired by Google who do the same thing you're doing (only you're competing to be the one acquired by Google, or a Google competitor). The Zenter guys knew Google had a presentation product in development from before they started. Turned out alright for them. "but if this company was started solely by hackers it would not be nearly as good" Interesting bit of prejudice here. What makes a hacker less capable of doing whatever it is that non-hackers do? Is it the thick held-together-with-tape glasses? Maybe the caffeine addiction addled brain? The neat thing about an all-hacker startup is that hackers can choose NOT to hack part or all of their time when the job calls for it. A non-hacker doesn't have the ability to shift gears during the early days of the product to just work on shipping the damned thing. I'm a hacker, and have code running on millions of machines world-wide in numerous Open Source projects, but in our startup today, I predominantly do not hack. I still spend about 25% of my time hacking, but it's becoming less every month, as other aspects of the company become more pressing (marketing/evangelism, money management, support, hiring contractors, design, etc.). I happen to have a lot of business experience, as well, and I don't think that J Random Hacker would step right into this kind of position without some study and work, but to imagine that being an all-hacker company would lead to it being "not nearly as good" is funny. Hackers are people, generally smarter than average. Many happen to have other skills and experience outside of hacking. I'm just picking on you, of course. I'm sure you didn't mean to imply that there are magical skills that disappear when one becomes a hacker, or that the hacker mentality is a form of retardation that dramatically negatively impacts other skills. It's an "unconference" where everyone presents, everyone watches, and lots of socializing goes on. It's not about building things, though I imagine it's hard to resist building something if you meet up with folks or ideas that set you aflame with enthusiasm. Imagine a developers conference without suits setting it up or major booths from people who want to sell you stuff. I doubt this one will be free of suits or people hocking there wares, as it is so large...but it should still be fun and predominantly free of entreprisey conference trappings. Of course, to cover the other side, imagine a conference in which no one decides who presents--anybody who wants to write their name on the board can present something, no matter how stupid. You will see numerous boring, poorly planned and poorly presented, talks. You can walk away, however, and not feel bad about wasting any money because it is all free. All around, a good time. I'm planning to attend at least Saturday, assuming nothing else comes up. I'll be the one in the Virtualmin T-shirt (then again, I've sent out a bunch of them, so I suppose it isn't impossible for someone else to be wearing one...). Y'all be sure to say "hi" if you see me. I would agree. To some degree. There are certainly hackers whose grasp and love of their subject is so deep that seeing the non-expert perspective is difficult. But usability can be learned and taught, and non-hackers (who don't have usability experience and/or training) are even more likely to design a stupid interface. Have you ever built an application to non-technical user specs? Without care, it'll turn out like the Homer (see: http://images.google.com/images?q=%22the+homer%22&ie=utf... ). If you're a hacker who only wants to think about hacking, then sure...you're not cut out for building the whole product and business, and you'll need some help. But hackers are not precluded from loving any of these subjects enough to take them seriously. I'm spending more time on design than ever before, and actually getting pretty good at it. Paul Buchheit (AKA paul here at news.yc, AKA GMail creator, AKA "Don't be evil") is positive proof that one can be both a good developer and a good usability guy...first time I met him at YC, I thought, "Hmm, seems nice enough. Pretty smart fellow. But I'm surrounded by folks who are smart and likable, and they're also really driven. What is it about him that helps him build GMail while the rest of us haven't done anything nearly so big?" A few weeks later we were chatting about usability, and he described his interaction with a Bittorrent client...and it all became clear. He's happy to drop the smart on the floor and be a really dumb user who just wants to get something done--the kind that doesn't read documentation and doesn't care one whit about how things are done behind the scenes. It was eye-opening. A few weeks after that at Startup School, Max Levchin described the exact same process (a bit more concretely and perhaps offensively by releasing his inner 13 year old girl). Nonetheless, it's something that everyone building software for users ought to be a thinking about all the time. But again, hackers can think that way two. pg harps on the same stuff, too. Whether intentionally, or not, his attention span is about that of a four year old, so when he looks over your shoulder and gives an opinion, it is nearly always one of "I don't understand what's happening there", unless you've done everything right...and that's exactly the sort of opinion you need. Your software is never going to be someones sole purpose in life, and you can't expect their undivided attention. They're talking on the phone, eating lunch at their desk, worrying about remembering to pickup the dry cleaning, and trying to figure out where they put that really important email. Some of them will also be really stupid, on top of all of those problems. Of course it's a parody. Google has loads of stuff just like this going on, too. Last time I was there (my girlfriend works there, so I'm there every couple of weeks), they had an intern talent show going on at the main cafe. During the company picnic they did the same thing. "Googley Blues" was the winning performance...it was fun and well-done. Most performances, however, were in the same class as this rap. Silly, poorly done, just about exactly what you would expect from a nerd rapping. It's stupid to pick on Yahoo for an employee having some fun. Thinking back, there was an all-office video from the College Humor/Busted T's folks, that everybody here LOVED. But when Yahoo brings it, they catch flack. It's just people being catty. Have fun. Get over your too-cool-for-school selves. While I don't have the benefit of having seen these guys first-hand (I was at YC demo day), it seems like YC has a much better batch. It's worth noting that one of them (Intense Debate) is identical in almost every regard to a YC company (Disqus). I dunno who was first, but they are both apparently in a somewhat closed beta with a few real users. Both look good, and it's a product I would use (and I believe we will be using Disqus on a new blog). May the best business win, I reckon. As a few other commentators have noted about Tech Stars (including one of the TS advisors), these are mostly features, and not products. That's OK, of course, as long as they realize they are features looking for a home rather than businesses waiting to be built. YC also has quite a few feature companies, but it's possible to think of ways most could become products without a lot of stretching of the brain or dramatic changes in direction of their development. I am, of course, speaking without having heard the pitch from the Tech Stars groups. Maybe they are like YC company Fuzzwich, which I couldn't for the life of me figure out how to build a business on it until I heard the presentation (while dosed appropriately with the YC Kool-Aid, of course). It's still a really long shot, but they'll have a lot of fun, and with luck and good biz dev they might pull off something amazing. Best of luck to the Tech Stars companies. I would add a third objective: To make sure you like the investor, and they would bring useful skills, contacts, and advice to your company. This article assumes that going into the meeting you already know you want this VC to invest in you. You can have a pretty good idea of that by looking at their portfolio and asking around among people who've taken money from them, but personalities matter. This also just in: SwellJoe safe after Peru earthquake. Paris Hilton safe after Peru earthquake. About 6 billion people I don't know safe after Peru earthquake. Anybody else think this is an utter waste of a headline/link? Everyone except the people injured or lost in the Peru earthquake is safe after the earthquake. We don't need a headline about every single one of them. The silly rumor about isn't news, and the fact that it was a rumor is certainly now news. But maybe I'm just grouchy because I'm coming down with yet another summer cold (God must have smote me because of my atheism). "Front-end design = HTML/Javascript/CSS/graphics" I'm guessing his idea of "front-end design" is actually more like "I'll mock it up in MS Paint and tell the developer what the explosions ought to sound like by making sounds with my mouth". That's usually what self-appointed business guys bring to the table, in my experience (and I've met lots of them). The software is trivial, or close to it. Sure, there are a few smart/hard bits, but any competent developer could resolve them with a month or less of development time. Building a community is much harder than building a simple web application like this one. And not that by saying this, I'm not trivializing News.YC, I'm just saying you're placing value in the wrong place. As always, The Onion is funny because it's true. "Avoid: Perl, PHP, BASIC variants. These cause brain damage." Many perl mongers, myself among them, would disagree. But maybe the brain damage has set in and I can't judge properly. But, really, you're showing serious ignorance placing Perl in the same sentence as PHP and BASIC. Perl is on the power continuum somewhere just shy of Lisp, and along-side Ruby (possibly even above it; Perl 6 will place it squarely above any other mainstream language on that continuum). Not liking the syntax is no excuse for misleading newbies into thinking Perl is in the same class as PHP. Anyway, many a developer learned programming with Perl. Some even turned out good. I found the opposite to be true. Objects in Python are uncomfortable for newbies, while they are very intuitive in Ruby. Both are fine learning languages, however. Don't listen to him! C is a valuable language for a large class of problems. But don't learn it unless you want to be a real serious systems-level software engineer. If you just want to write software for the web (even large-scale apps), don't waste months on the intricacies of pointer arithmetic and memory management. That said, I learned C, and it didn't hurt me any. But I doubt it really helped much either. Excellent advice. Non-religious, informative, and true. "For what it's worth, Ruby programmers are more in demand than python programmers." Only in one small segment of the industry (the one that hangs out here). Python jobs in almost every other area are more common. And, of course, Perl is still more popular than both. And PHP and Java and C# dwarf all of the interesting languages. JavaScript probably fails miserably on the "easiest to write simple programs" count. The development environment is easy to find, obviously...any browser and any plain text editor. But user interaction is hard, and gets all mixed up with nasty DOM and browser incompatibilities in short order. You also have to have additional tools (like Firebug) to get anything resembling useful errors from JavaScript. A good modern learning language probably ought to have an interactive shell. Ruby, Python, Scheme, and Smalltalk are probably all good choices. JavaScript can have an interactive shell in the form of FireBug...but again, it's scary when you get to doing anything that interacts with the user and very few tutorials of JavaScript cover interacting with JavaScript interactively. Having the knobs do something immediately when you twiddle them is almost certain to speed up the learning process. The human mind is pretty good at abstract reasoning: "flipping this light switch causes the light to come on over there". But the more you separate things out temporally and the more variables involved the less they stick: "flipping this light switch starts a timer, which depending on the current state of the light, will cause it to turn on or off in three minutes". Merely being a non-compiled language is still a slower iterative process than direct interaction (which is the primary disqualifying point against Perl as a learning language in my opinion...corrected in Perl 6, of course, but that's still a few months out). The shorter the "try, debug, try again" cycle is the faster one picks things up, I think. I found Ruby very fast to learn, to some degree, for that reason. Python was almost as discoverable, though I found it less intuitive, where "intuitive" is probably defined as "kinda like what I'm used to". PLT Scheme was a pretty cool learning experience, but it became less interesting as soon as I wanted to build something useful with it--so few libraries (of course, as a Perl user, I feel that way about every language other than Perl...CPAN spoils you for all other languages when it comes to "just get it working" prototyping). There is also significant evidence to show the opposite. Nature vs. nurture isn't going to be decided by posts on news.YC. Yes, better education produces "smarter" kids, sometimes dramatically so, by some definitions of "smart", but "where the vast majority are geniuses" is stretching it beyond credulity. I have to agree. Kids almost certainly shouldn't be set on a path to tech entrepreneurship from birth. It takes a unique set of skills to be a good entrepreneur and/or hacker, and almost none of them are technical or trainable via a particular curriculum. Creativity comes from being given the right to create freely from an early age with honest criticism and encouragement. Self-esteem comes from being given the opportunity to succeed (and fail) at interesting problems over and over again. And I'm not sure how one teaches ambition, but it's another vital component. I don't think it matters a bit whether these are taught in a "hacker" curriculum or a traditional curriculum. As justinsb points out, there are schools in India teaching this model as we speak...and while the startup culture in India has been exploding, I believe the success rate is even lower than in the US (maybe there's many other factors involved...maybe in ten years or twenty, India will be a startup machine, and all because they've built this programmer training culture within major universities). Certainly a strong math and science education can't hurt anyone, whether they want to be an entrepreneur or not. "There is a well-worn path for beginners in PHP, with baby steps and encouragement all along the way." Down that path lies madness. I've seen the newbie-focused tutorials for PHP, and it explains a lot of the garbage that passes for software in the PHP world. It is entirely possible to write good software in PHP (I'm reasonably impressed by the Dokuwiki and Flyspray code, for example), but you have to learn the language at least twice to get to that point. You learn it as a newbie, and learn horrible practices from the vast collection of misguided "help" in the Internet. You produce lots of code with those horrible practices...like no DB abstraction, inappropriate or no use of objects and encapsulation, and "gradually mix PHP into your HTML" design. And then you realize you've built an unmaintainable mess and start rewriting it with all of the better practices that have since been bolted on to PHP. Of course, despite all of that I still recommend PHP for a large classes of application because it is pervasive, hard to make pathologically slow (whereas Ruby and Python can be made pathologically slow even by really good developers--see Plone for an example), and has a pretty large selection of libraries (some are so bad as to be counter-productive, but many are good). But as a newbie language it's rather toxic. Wow. Batshit crazy. Who knew? Despite the big list of names, I'm not convinced that those aren't all done by the same illustrator. Definitely not inspiring. The dumb ones are. I'm not saying they're dumb because they're using Ruby. I'm saying they're dumb for hiring based on one language on the resume. I'd hire a great Python/Perl/Java/Lisp programmer to work on a Ruby app before I'd hire a mediocre Ruby programmer. In my own experience, I've seen a great Java developer become an amazing Python developer in the span of a couple of weeks...while a mediocre Python developer could remain a mediocre Python developer for the rest of his days, even though he may have years of Python experience. Being a good developer knows no language boundary (within reason), and the same is true of mediocrity. When I saw the Auctomatic guys at demo day, they were talking about how easily a Ruby guy they'd just brought on board picked up Smalltalk (obviously the Ruby to Smalltalk gap is smaller than most languages, but the point still stands). Hire good developers, not good X developers, where X is the trendy language of the moment. The language(s) will take care of themselves. "The reasoning behind the clock change is medically sound. Other countries do it to save electricity. I don't understand your WTF-ness, guys, it's not as if he had decreed pi to be 3." Did you miss the part where it's a half hour? And how about the fact that people adjust if it is a permanent change (daylight savings time is only moderately successful at saving electricity). Sorry, it's nuts. I didn't say anything about Bush. Bush is definitely crazier than Chavez. But this article was about Chavez, so I commented on Chavez. Trac is very nice, as other have stated. It's kinda like SourceForge done right, in the sense that it has source browsing, a wiki for web pages, and a bug tracker with good notification capabilities. Last time I used it it was absolutely retarded about user accounts and saving settings (you had to carry around an MD5 "key", rather than being able to log in). We're using FlySpray, because it drops into our CMS (Joomla) with relative ease, and we wanted customers to be able to file bugs. We also use it for support. It works pretty well, has all of the features we needed, and is a really nice clean and simple codebase, so customizations are relatively easy. It's also a low-dependency PHP project, so it'll drop onto any ol' hosting account with a database, and runs plenty fast. Presumably they made something interesting with nice design. The bar isn't that high--TechCrunch covers very early Web 2.0 startups. If you write to them, and your site is worth a crap and in an interesting space for them, they'll probably cover it. It does help to be in the Valley and actually run into a TC writer in person (they're all really nice folks, in my limited experience), but it's obviously not mandatory. "It's time to start taking over." Y Combinator tends to fund companies that will be acquired, rather than become companies that displace existing huge corporations. Just a rule of thumb, of course, and there are a few that could run to IPO in three to five years if they don't get acquired (and a very few for whom that's actually the pretty firmly held goal). Nonetheless, corporate America is a hundred+ years in the making. We're not going to take over with Web 2.0 features. You'd better start thinking bigger, much bigger, if that's your aspiration. That's sad. They don't even realize they're hitching their cart to a lame horse. Sun has some smart people working there...how does this come to pass? Code is the most valuable component in a tech startup during the early stages. If you can't produce it, you're value to an early stage startup is low. It's that simple. Ideas have little to no value. Execution is what separates the winners from the crap, and the Facebooks and MySpaces from the thousands of other social networks built by no name coders on eLance (at any given time there are dozens of listings for wannabe development). That said, MySpace was made by non-hackers. So was Digg. Bloglines was partly created via eLance contracts (though Mark Fletcher is nerdy enough to pull things together in ways that a non-nerd might not be able to...the same is probably true of Kevin Rose and Digg). Maybe you need to hire your development work. Or, you could learn to code enough to make yourself valuable. Great web designers are every bit as important to the equation (and a weakness in most developers...so if you bring good design, you may be able to find partners far more readily). Or, we could stop being xenophobic and call it all outsourcing, and leave "offshoring" to refer to things that have been moved out of the US specifically because doing it on this continent would be illegal or impossible, like gambling, drilling for oil, etc. Hiring someone else to do remote work is agnostic of location (in general). So, the term "offshoring" seems likely intended only to confuse or inflame the reader based on politics rather than facts. "Maybe I'm wrong about the semantics (people are free to vote the post up or down), but it's not fair to imply that rms, staunch, or I feel there's anything wrong with people who live in other countries." I didn't intend to imply that any of the other comments were xenophobic in nature. It's just a more sensitive area than anyone here would like to admit, and there are political motivations at work in the use of these terms, and by following the lead of xenophobic folks, we might be working for their political ends despite not having those desires ourselves. I'm actually assuming that the vast majority of people here are educated and lacking in bigotry or xenophobia, and based on the number of startups started by non-US natives in the current web 2.0 economy, more likely to be literally "off-shore" than most English-speaking community website contributors. In short, I was merely wanting to point out that by using the word off-shoring, people might be indicating political positions they don't endorse (which is just what anti-immigration and protectionist supporters want). I don't really care what terms folks use, and I'm wholly non-PC. I just know enough to know that there has been a subtle shift on border issues in the US in a direction I don't like at all, and I know that language is a tool that the reactionary new Right uses extremely well. I'm not saying the word "off-shoring" is the reason immigration or import/export issues are about to become a shitstorm in America, but I can't help but think Fox News would rather I use "off-shoring" than "out-sourcing", because "off-shoring", in some Americans minds equates to "non-white, non-American, workers stealing my job". So I'll use "out-sourcing", thanks. Apologies to rms, staunch, or vlad, for any hurt feelings. Just remember that I'm an insensitive clod, and I'm sure you'll feel better. ;-) Ah, but then you have to have a JVM, so "having Rhino" is a challenge. But I guess if you're not on a UNIX system where Perl, Python and Ruby are pervasive and always available (or a couple of clicks or commands away), then having Java around is just the same amount of effort. It also lacks "beginner" tutorials that are focused on the kind of interaction that you need to understand to build applications. JavaScript is a weird interactive model, because you are talking to the DOM to do anything interesting, which is a mess--it's really way more complex than beginners usually grasp (I have a hard time with it, and I've been developing in several languages since I was a kid). That said, I think in the end JavaScript is going to be the world's most popular language for almost everything, including web applications. I happen to agree with Yegge in that regard. But it's still somewhat less friendly to learners than the other languages I mentioned. Anyway, if Rhino (or some other standalone JavaScript engine) becomes popular I'd reckon that in a year there will be some good tutorials for interactive JavaScript, and it'll become a great choice for learning programming. I happen to think JavaScript is a very pretty language. A few confusing quirks (Function vs. function vs. = {}(); modules, for example), but overall it offers some great functionality in a pretty simple syntax and low keyword manner. Most of my other ideas (other than my current Virtualmin, Inc. business) were targeted to women. One a sort of niche-focused social network, one a video/photo dating site, and one a porn site (oh, wait...that one would have mainly attracted men, I guess...but everybody in the valley has a backup pr0n plan...it's what you talk about after a couple of beers..almost nobody is really serious about it, me included). No, you're definitely not the only one. I learned at the last YC dinner that pg and the Viaweb bunch had one, too (a pretty clever one, at that). I'll leave the story for pg to tell, should he ever opt to do so. I will say that it involved clever abuse of search engines to generate traffic for obscure fetishes (all of them). It might not work today. Then again, now that I think of it, see http://xkcd.com/305/ for a pretty good summary of half of pg's Plan for Pr0n (the other half shall be left as an exercise for the reader). I agree. Stability in Firefox 2 is significantly worse than 1.x. I have to restart it at least once every couple of days, and frequently have to wait 20-30 seconds for random things to complete, during which it is completely unresponsive. If 3 beta is even slightly less stable (which would make sense) then I'll wait a while. Hopefully those issues will be resolved. And even if they did, they wouldn't be able to explain it well enough for you to implement it. People say they want "The Homer", but they buy...well, actually, sometimes they buy "The Hummer" which is two letters off, but very very similar in concept, style, and execution. If you don't now, you will in a few years. It gets more painful as you get older--by the time I was in my mid-twenties I had to have a good chair or I'd have serious back pain. I also had to find ways to work with less mouse usage, or it would lead to shooting pains in my forearms. I've settled into a nice place now, with a good monitor that raises up almost high enough (a Dell 2005), an Aeron chair, an IBM small form factor keyboard with good IBM keys, and a Logitech mouse that I still try to use as little as possible. I still have occasional back and shoulder pain, but I have some injuries from bike accidents in my youth. But I definitely take ergonomics seriously. I can't concentrate when I'm in pain. One thing that I've found makes a big difference for me: Exercise. Almost all of my various aches and pains are less pronounced and less debilitating when I'm getting regular exercise. I'm struck by (and commented directly on the blog) how much the author wants "Extreme Blue" to be seen as comparable to YC...where the similarities are superficial and the differences are vast. That comment hasn't shown up, so I'll point out the highlights here: - EB encourages kids to build things. For IBM. - YC encourages people (not just kids) to build things. For the people building them. - EB teams must have "business" and "technical" people, selected by a random manager at IBM. - YC teams are self-selected, and are judged by what they produce, not what label they use to describe their abilities. - EB teams build something that may, or may not, ever see the light of day in the market. - YC teams build something that, if they work hard, can hit the market whenever they're ready. No manager ever has to sign off on the project. In short, EB is a corporate internship and YC is an opportunity to build something great (you don't need YC to build something great, but for many folks it can help). Corporate internships are fine, and I'm sure everyone has a great time and IBM gets its pick of some great talent discovered through the process, but it is just a corporate inernship. It is distinctly not a radical new process to encourage spinning up new businesses. I'm not disparaging IBM here. This sounds like a great idea for them. But don't pretend it is something that it clearly is not. You're being silly and it makes me think you have nothing else worth talking about. There were 400+ apps to the most recent YC program...I don't want to know if you were one of them. It's relatively interesting when a company is a YC company, but is distinctly uninteresting that you took 20 minutes out of your day to fill out the application. That just tells us you had 20 minutes to spare. Actually, in my case I did literally mean 20 minutes. Apologies to folks who spent significantly longer (and I'm not disparaging you for doing so). It was merely lack of knowledge on my part that led to me filling it out so quickly. I didn't even know about the program until the afternoon on which applications were due--I had seen the Boston one come and go, but would have never considered a move from Austin to Boston...by the time I realized there was one in CA, it was close to too late. I submitted it within hours of the deadline, and had dozens of other things going on at the same time. I looked back over it later (before going for the interview in Boston), and it was pretty bad, except in a few spots where deep knowledge of our field and code overwhelmed the slapdash nature of the thing as a whole. If it makes you feel better, we just scraped by, on the obvious difficulty of the problems that we had already solved when we arrived for the interview (and even then pg was not on board with what we were doing...I'm pretty certain we owe our acceptance entirely to Trevor and rtm, who have done system administration and recognized the pain that our product takes away, while pg seemingly couldn't figure out why we would even want to address those problems). But, you're absolutely right: It's not the point I was trying to make. s/20 minutes/2 fortnights/g and the intent is the same. She has, quite effectively, hedged her investments against such an occurrence. If you read the article, you'll see that she is playing on multiple social networks, cell phones, and online utilities. She's a damned mogul, and the lot of us should be so lucky to cover our asses as effectively. She's going to do very very well in life as long as she keeps her head on straight when things get crazy and when markets evolve (and as she grows up). Of course, I also agree that betting on MySpace or Facebook alone is a death wish. She's more a designer than hacker, but nonetheless, she's really good. It's not my cup of tea for my own sites, but her design sense is impressive for one with so little experience and training. Nobody died. It was a good day. Sorry if this sounds trite, but I'm being sincere. You're alive. You didn't lose, I mean really lose, anyone you love. I read somewhere that numerous studies indicate that people get happier, on average, the older they get (I'm apparently not old enough to be happy all the time, but I'm hopeful)...I suspect it has something to do with a growing understanding of what really matters. Jobs don't matter. Girlfriends, that you know don't love you, don't matter. Phones definitely do not matter. Cars do not matter. Your health matters. The health of your loved ones matters. That's about it. Everything else is just scenery. In short: It looks worse than it is. Get some rest, and when you wake up tomorrow, it'll look a little better. In a week, you'll wonder what all the fuss was about. (Yes, I've been without a car, insurance, and a steady job, with $30k in credit card debt, to boot. Hard times come and go pretty easily if you're learning from your mistakes.) The majority of YC companies have not, but it's a huge win if you do. pg places very high value on good design (with good reason). And YC companies have much better design by the time they leave, if they have their eyes open and half a brain. Every YC group has at least one rock star designer. The best known is probably Kevin Hale from Wufoo/Particle Tree, but other seriously good designers have been involved. So, early stage, it is valuable--maybe not valuable enough to have one as a full partner with equal equity, but maybe. The reason I say possibly not is because I know many of the "rock star" designers from YC companies now, and at least a few aren't feeling very important to the process or involved in the day-to-day development (and some have packed up and gone home). If you can't foresee significant design work throughout a long period of time, maybe an equal partner designer isn't the way to go. So, great design is a huge value. It's up to you to decide if it is worth an equal stake (it's almost certainly worth some equity, if you can get someone good to work for equity and don't have the 10-15k it'll take to hire a good designer for a couple of weeks), and whether they'll be twiddling their thumbs in six months. As Harj said, a designing hacker (even if the hacking is fair to middling--if the design skill is really strong) is a champ worth her weight in gold. I've got good news and bad news. First the good news: Good designers aren't interested in working for equity in your brand new wholly unproven company. Now the bad news: Good designers aren't interested in working for equity in your brand new wholly unproven company. Good design is far more expensive than you think. And I believe you've severely underestimated it's value in a startup. (I've historically done so, as well. But I learn eventually.) Yes, the process is very similar. My degree is in audio, my early college work in music. I don't have a computer science degree. I've known a lot of musician-turned-hackers and hacker-turned-musicians. But I think you're missing a subtle aspect of developing arbitrarily good applications: You probably can't develop a truly great application one block at a time. Sure, you can add all the features of a truly great application one block at a time. But the devil is in the details (just like in music, art, etc.), and sometimes missing one spark of inspiration can make all the difference. Google is great software. Microsoft Live search is a cheap knockoff with more features and flashier design and less of whatever it is that makes Google "great". The iPod is great software. Zune is a cheap knockoff with more features and less of whatever it is that makes the iPod "great". And those two "knockoff" examples were made after the original--they should have been able to copy the "great" aspect and one-up it, by throwing money at it. But somehow they failed. That's the subtle distinction between great software/art/music and mediocrity. The Beatles made great music. Paul Revere and the Raiders made cheap knockoff songs with less of whatever it is that makes the Beatles "great". jraines post sums up quite a bit of the process similarities, so I won't go into it. Music is less objective than software--a bug is a bug, but a blue note might be on purpose and it might be the key to the song. So, it's not precisely the same. Knowing software works or doesn't might be easier than knowing if a melody is worth anything. Sure. If you can do it. Most people can't (not just hackers), and the people least able to recognize horrible design are generally the people who don't recognize their own failings in that area. Simplicity is the solution, as you've noted...but I've seen what passes for simplicity to some people. It can be very very bad. It's not sacred, but if you don't spend some time studying good design (and learning what makes for bad design), you'll probably shoot yourself in the foot without knowing it. Even if you do, you still might shoot yourself in the foot. Where'd you get 4 times revenue? Even that is low-ball for a company with a million in revenues and nearly zero costs. Of course, in most tech acquisitions it's not an all-cash deal and lots of stock in the new owner comes along with it. But still 1.6 million for a company with a million in annual revenues is an offensively low offer. Whoever made it ought to be ashamed of trying to take advantage of a 17 year old girl that way. Good for her for not being overwhelmed by the big numbers. Even if sales topped out today, and she never saw any more growth, that's a business worth tens of millions over a lifetime. And, worst case, if all of the markets she deals in dry up over the next three years...she still makes enough to retire comfortably on (and a lot more than a measly 1.6 million). I suspect that with her business savvy, though, she'll be able to continue to build into new areas. It's a fantastic story with a lot of appeal to young entrepreneurs? (Reddit also sucks these days, but I don't think it's all recovering redditors traffic.) "I recognize that 4x revenue is a lowball offer and she probably wouldn't take it. But a standard 10x revenue seems way too risky to me in an emerging market of teenagers." That's a risk of any early stage acquisition. If you're strongly risk averse, you aren't doing this kind of deal. Every tech startup at this early stage has dozens of unpredictable variables, but when you have a strong cash flow, explosive growth, and plenty of users, the value goes way up. Where'd you get the "accepting 25" number? Just curious. It seemed like 19 was a bit overwhelming for them this time. But since the CA office is bigger, and there are more former founders out here that would be able to relieve some of the advisory role pressure, they might be willing to bump the number up again, assuming enough of the applications are good. I'm certain that's a bad idea. They were overwhelmed by the 400+ apps they got last time...I don't think they'd take kindly to someone gaming the system and forcing them to read an extra 20 apps (I'm pretty sure the round file would be the only one seeing all of your applications). An app like Reddit? Are you sure yours is that simple? Probably $2.5-$10k for someone really good. We expect to spend about $15-$20k, to start, and I'll be doing all of the heavy lifting of hooking things up--we just want to get HTML/CSS mockups done, with no actual work on integrating the style into our application or website. But we have a lot of stuff in our app. Heavy use of forms, vast swaths of information spread across hundreds of pages, etc. But then again, the pool of talent that we're wanting to work with is pretty much limited "famously good". If we're going to pay for it, we figure it might as well be as good as we can get. I've gotten much better over the past two years, as I've focused more on design and less on software development...so if we're going to pay rather than just let me tinker with it more, it's gotta be great. "1) How can a just-now-released essay be influential at all?" It can, obviously, be very influential to one reader...and instantly. Time is irrelevant once it reaches that one reader. Very astute summary, nos. And it's actually been proven true by one of the YC companies that was in WFP 07 (I'm sure it's been true of others, too...pg mentions Wufoo in the essay). Paul McKellar's first run was SocialMoth.com which is fun as hell to use and crazy sticky...but got no traction and no investment. Next came Overhear.us. Also fun to use, but no traction and no investment. Then came the Facebook SocialMoth, which exploded...now he's a mini-mogul with a bunch of Facebook apps in development, and real revenues from those users. Is he rich yet? Probably not. But he's found a niche that is paying and growing rapidly, because he stubbornly kept iterating and evolving. "I'm not sure you realise just how scary the thought of failing in front of so many hard-working people is..." Failure has a different meaning in Silicon Valley (kind of). There have been a couple of quiet fizzle outs from WFP that I'm sure of, and I've spoken to two of the guys from those fizzle outs since then...one is working on new ideas, and another has moved to another company (perhaps the most flexible of the bunch, in that they changed their entire business model and started from scratch during the program) from the same program that raised some money and he's happy and enthusiastic. While there is a bit of averting of the gaze when I asked how things were going, the fact that they were there at a YC event and talking about new things tells me they will probably go on to great things. It's the folks who went back home, went back to consulting or school, who aren't going to be among the winners in the end. Which comes back to pg's assertion that just by staying in touch and staying involved you could very well guarantee success...I'm not sure if it's the cause or the effect, but I do think the folks who've stuck around and keep coming to the events and keep in touch with other YC'ers will probably do well. "People concentrate way too much on success stories without looking at the failure stories." By what definition of "too much"? I see nothing wrong with focusing on studying the best--the ones that made it. Those are the people to emulate. Why spend your limited time studying the ones that failed? Sure, learning from mistakes is great. But I suspect I'm going to weather the storm better if I learn about mistakes from people who made it through to the other side--rather than from people who blew it and ended up bankrupt. I really don't think I'd like to be facing a problem and thinking, "Oh, wait, I read about this...it turned out horribly...we're dead!" Much better to think, "Well, Evan Williams had exactly this problem with Blogger. And look how that turned out! Just gotta keep plugging away." Just a thought. I don't really think we need a lot of post-mortems while we're in the early stages. Maybe later when we have a huge success on our hands and want to know how to avoid becoming the next SGI (Google uses SGI internally to mean, "company that has huge success and then made huge mistakes", because Google has actually moved into nearly all of the old SGI buildings in Mountain View as SGI has atrophied into a shell of itself--seeing how business and management heavy Google has become in the past year makes me think they didn't think hard enough about SGI...). You need to get to a startup hub, if you're serious. It makes a huge difference in mindset, and odds of success. I've started companies in Houston, Austin, and now in the Valley. Austin was vastly better than Houston, but Silicon Valley is worlds apart from anything I've ever seen. The only benefit to not being in a startup hub is that you don't have as short of a runway during that very early self-funded stage. You can live on peanuts in most parts of the country...but in the valley you will go broke fast if you don't have income or funding. So, it seems like "not dying" would be easier in places where the cost of living is very low, but I think it's probably a zombie-like existence. You also don't have to move as fast...and if you aren't moving fast at 3 months into your company, you're as good as dead. I'm on my second startup. My first was a "failure" by some definitions of failure (it paid the bills, bought me a 350Z, and worked me nearly to death for seven years...it never really stopped being a service business despite my attempts to convince myself that I was selling products--I consider it a failure, but I learned a lot). "Wisdom and exhaustion in equal parts, I'd suspect, and only one side is going to win." Agreed. I'm just stubborn enough to keep trying. I'm also lucky enough to have a fantastic business partner, which I didn't have the first time around (I should have brought him on back then...he was already doing contract work for me on a regular basis). This time around I put much tighter time constraints on myself. I'm not giving myself 7 years to figure out if I have a failure on my hands. Every 6 months I evaluate where we are, and if I don't see clearly how to get to the next level, it's time for a serious change. So far, that hasn't happened...wisdom gained from the previous startup seems to have allowed me to avoid most pitfalls. Don't bother, if you plan to ever raise money, get acquired, or go public. I took the advice of an attorney in Texas and incorporated in Texas, with plans to switch to an LLC/Corporation holding company combo when it began making money--there's a well-known loophole in Texas tax law that allows the first 15 million to go untaxed (SBC LLC are the most famous beneficiaries of this loophole, and the most generous to politicians who keep it on the books). But when I began talking to folks in the rest of the business world it became apparent that those benefits were out-weighed by the negatives for a tech company that plans to be acquired or go IPO. Just incorporate in Delaware, and don't worry about it. I should also add that, given the conversations I've had with investors since being out here and the things I know now: I believe quite strongly that my previous company would have been a success had I started it (or brought it) here. Several companies with very similar implementation and business models started around the same time (and whom I actually had numerous personal interactions with--their products being deployed along-side my companies on a similar scale) here in the valley have gone on to quite nice success. I was lucky enough to end up sharing an office with another startup, further along than mine (they had 5 million in revenues and 20 or so employees), because I did some consulting work for them and they had some spare space for a while as they grew (Austin real estate was depressed in 03 when they were negotiating and so they got a good deal on a 3/4 of a floor in the Bank of America building at the corner of 6th and Congress). Perl mongers was also pretty interesting, though not startup-y enough. PUG (Python Users Group) also met a few times, and they were a bit more dynamic. There's also some money in Austin. Austin Ventures is well-known and well-regarded, and they do a lot of deals. A few angels exist there, and if you're doing anything related to oil and gas or telecommunications you can find investors, if you beat the bushes. Other areas are not as well served. But, the valley is in a class by itself. I wouldn't recommend starting up in Austin to anyone, now that I know how big the difference is between the #1 startup hub and the #5 startup hub...as pg pointed out in his article about startup hubs, the drop-off is steep. Boston is barely half as good as Silicon Valley, and everything else is likewise half as good as the next step up (I believe the list goes SV, Boston, New York, Seattle, Austin, but I might be misremembering). Might as well be in Dubuque as anywhere other than the Valley. Deployment of Rails sucks. Django is far better thought out, and can be deployed in a very sane manner. A fleet of Mongrels is just an embarrassingly bad way to handle concurrency. "I know, let's write a crappy barely functional web server, spawn a metric ass ton of them, and then balance between them with a proxy. It'll be most leet and super fast! We'll call it a Best Practice. It'll be awesome." In fact, it's fragile, doesn't scale very well, and is complicated to configure. It's also a huge distraction from solving the problem in a sane way--people seem to think "deploying Rails" is solved by this and Capistrano, when really, it's just a new stack of problems. Otherwise Rails kicks ass, and I like Ruby better than Python (but I'm a perl monger, so I might be brain-damaged into not seeing the beauty of Python). But I do tend to feel like Django is being written by grownups who've got years of development experience, while the Rails folks are making it up as they go along...sometimes going down really poorly chosen paths (I believe Mongrel is an example of this, but I'm no expert). Then again, I think if I were starting an app from scratch I'd pick Catalyst. But I haven't spent enough time with any of them to know which one is really most productive for the way I work. I think you'll want to try them out, and not take advice from random dudes at news.yc. Looks like a complicated home pregnancy test. Our website started on OpenACS, and then moved to Joomla. I've also built a large website with Zope/Plone. All of them suck so bad they make me want to kick someone. If I were starting today, I'd probably choose Drupal, but I'm sure I'd live to regret that as well. The smart money is probably on picking a "good enough" implementation of all of the individual features you need, and then make them all share session, and then write a custom login and user management page or two. You shouldn't imagine that any of them is a cohesive set of tools with a standardized codebase using a common set of functions. That's pretty much what our Joomla site ended up being, only with the added pain of having to manage all of the content through Joomla (which is atrocious...give me flat files over that any day). So, I've spent months learning this big pile of code only to end up using it as a glorified session and authentication handler--the more I use the "native" Joomla tools, the less I like them. And it forces horrible URLs onto you unless you build a custom URL mapper for every application and use one of the SEF tools. Admittedly, I'm not a fan of PHP, and so my discomfort is increased by working in a language that makes me feel a little ill (no first class functions? how does that even happen in a modern language?)...but nonetheless, the more work I do with websites like this, the more I think content management systems are a bad idea unless you're using them for the very, very, very specific set of problems the developer first set out to solve (I can't figure out what that is for Joomla, since it's so painful to use for just about anything, including managing content, but I'm sure there's a core of useful functionality in there that the project was first started to provide). I'm going to try Drupal for a community site I'm planning for our Open Source tools, but I may end up giving up on that. It's just hard to know how painful things are going to be until you have users banging on it, and you have to dig deep to address problems they find. It wasn't until we'd actually launched our new site that all of the bugs in Joomla, Fireboard, Flyspray (mainly the bridge), VirtueMart, and other components came to light. Many still remain...If I knock out one bug a week, I'm pretty happy (the system is big, and the bugs run deep). Note also, that all of those apps have their own stylesheets and templates--you aren't even getting cohesive styling, unless you build the templates to match for every single application. My ideal would be if every application out there had a very simple authentication callback interface, so you could tell it to get the session state from anywhere (maybe OpenID will make this a reality). It'd make it so easy to build a full-featured website--and no big over-arching framework needed. You could even use different languages for your apps... Ah, yes, I'll wait here while you go convince a few shared hosting providers to let you do that to their servers. Benchmarks don't backup many of these claims. Search "joe@swelltech.com squid performance" for my authority to make such a claim in the face of an extremely well-written blog post from a very smart fellow. But the core bits of ReiserFS, raised file descriptors, and balancing RAM to disk are valid. The aufs threads just aren't useful over about 24 even on the fastest machine--they are disk limited, not CPU bound. Squid is not multi-threaded, but there is a disk IO thread pool option (the aufs bit in the article). Going crazy with threads is counter productive and just eats memory. Most of the configuration and proc options covered are just superstitious from a performance standpoint--they're generally fine at their defaults, and it's usually more productive to figure out what is binding performance and then turn the knobs with that knowledge rather than blindly cranking everything to eleven. So, not a bad article, per se...but one that is rife with superstition. Squid brings it out of people like no other project I've ever seen (aside from maybe filesystems). I'm from South Carolina, you insensitive clod. Good luck with that. Maybe you ought to find two co-founders...one that hacks, one that designs. If you're doing a game, you need a lot of design...all of my previous comments, and Harj's comments, about the beauty of a designer that codes or vice versa, are irrelevant when you need a LOT of great design for a long period of time. In fact, you might ought to have two good designers and two good developers. Games are a lot of work. (OK, indie developers do more and more with better libraries and such...so maybe a one or two man show can pull something great together). BTW-YC has never, to my knowledge, funded a straight game company (Matt Maroon has a fantasy sports gaming business...but it's effectively a US-legal gambling business, which is a whole world away from pure computer gaming). C'mon, how can there be a (figurative) room full of nerds, and none of you have read "Ender's Game"? You guys need to be nerdier. Way nerdier. Your assignment for next week is to play AD&D (2nd generation rules), and I want to see all of you here next week in full Klingon battle dress, or traditional Tolkien Elvin garb, per your preference. I started reading Slashdot when it was Chips and Dips...but I had completely discontinued Slashdot for about two years and reddit took its place. Now that reddit has declined from a "have to read nearly every link on the page" to "maybe two or three articles per day" habit, I find myself going back to slashdot at least once every couple of days. I read news.YC more often than either now...but the volume here is still low enough to where it's not a problem. I drop in more than I need to (I'll come back not really expecting anything new) kind of as a nervous tick while I'm waiting on software to build or virtual machine images to copy (I manage our apt/yum software repositories, and do all of the QC testing, so I twiddle my thumbs more than I'd like). Lately, there's a lot more of that, as may be seen in my ridiculous increase in comment volume this week...I'm kind of embarrassed looking over it now...because I'm in the midst of rolling out a new version of our installer--so lots of testing and packaging. I need to find something more productive to turn into a nervous tick. Blogging, or smoking crack or something. Fuzzwich is a marketing company (I can't blame you for not knowing that...I didn't until I talked to them in person...it's very subtle and way more interesting, and potentially evil, than I guessed when first seeing it). SocialMoth. Hmmm...I guess it's kind of a game, like Truth or Dare (without the Dare). But it's more a social site. But, nonetheless, you described a game. The sites you mention are more "fun, kinda like a game" rather than something that anyone would see and say "that's a game". So, I repeat: YC has never funded a pure game company, to the best of my knowledge. pg has never said they wouldn't, but I've heard many conversations about games at YC events (it's one of those "fun" jobs that everybody in tech wants to do at least once...even us boring enterprise and systems developers...so people talk about building games quite frequently), and the consensus seems to be, "it's gotta be something novel and have real business potential on a small budget", which rules out a large class of games. Maybe mobile games, games tied to social networking (Scrabulous is a nice low-budget success story on Facebook), or marketing in the form of games. Just some thoughts. Not trying to discourage you. There have been a few very big gaming success stories, and quite a lot of small team success stories in recent years. And with a great demo and presentation, the YC guys might bite. Aren't we all? Seriously. But I got out as fast as I could. I moved to Texas when I was 19. No. Lawyers don't get equity for a tech startup. Period. If, on the other hand, your startup is in a heavily litigious or heavily regulated field, you not only will want a lawyer involved from very early, you'll probably want a lawyer holding a stake in your company. So...for example, an equities or futures trading company: the lawyer gets equity. Equities or futures social networking site: the lawyer gets paid a fee. Or, medical mal-practice hedge fund (I dunno, I'm just making up a phrase from words that involves lots of litigation and huge smelly contracts): you need a lawyer on your board. Medical Mal the Practical Hedgehog video game: the lawyer gets paid a fee. Got it? Good. Incorporation costs a few hundred bucks (even if you get outside help), plus a few hundred bucks for statutory representation in Delaware. It's gonna be crowded. I've been missing the dinners all summer. Most fun I had in months was when YC was back in town (I think I got less done that week, though...so maybe that's a negative). The guys in the companies have met, though I don't think either are looking for a merger. I'm sure they've discussed "synergies". They are, despite appearances to the contrary, being used in very different markets, as epi hints at. Wufoo is very heavily tilted towards business users, with a client list including a nice little chunk of the Fortune 500 (and Virtualmin, Inc. as we use it for our "get a T-shirt" form). Weebly is heavily favored by individuals. I don't know of any big businesses using Weebly, but they've got like a billion people using it for personal websites (I've setup one, and I might even move my personal blog over). Wufoo did just add a very simple checkout module, which may be the thing that pushes them into the mainstream with individuals selling small goods. But I dunno if that's how it's shaking out. I suspect it is small businesses and organizations, like always, but now they're collecting payments for their field trips or bake sales or T-shirts or whatever it is they're organizing with the form. Nice looking design. I've been involved in the music industry, and I grokked pretty immediately what you're selling--so you might not need to take the comments to the contrary here too seriously. It might be a bit wordy for musicians, particularly bass players, though, so you might try to pare it down a bit. Any musician knows about the merch table, and they know they want the customers name and address fast and in a format that they can read (probably a quarter or more of paper mailing list signups are illegible and lost). They also know they've got a laptop on the road with them. You might make it clear that the installed software doesn't need internet access (because clubs don't consistently have wifi). I assume that to be the case, since I know you'd have no other reason for making an installable app. URL is a bit long and tough. Couldn't get "scriggle.com"? Maybe try a different name, instead of adding a special character (hyphen is hard to remember, and scriggleit would be hard to read). Just a thought. I don't think it'll kill you, but word of mouth will suffer--and word of mouth is how this thing will spread. Musicians talk before and after the show with the bands they're playing with...someone will ask, loudly because clubs are never quiet, "Hey, what's that software you're using? scribblit? wiggleit? fizzlemit? Oh, squiggleit! I got it. Cool, I'll go check it out when I get to the hotel tonight." If you send stickers and cards and other logo-encrusted schwag to your customers, they might remember to hand them out when people ask...but I wouldn't bet on it. The last time pg had to do design work or perish (figuratively speaking) was ten years ago. It'll take him a while to get up to speed on all this new-fangled technology. Besides, it works in all browsers, is reasonably accessible, and if it doesn't make him uncomfortable to work with it...why does anyone care? Why don't you just say that "applications are hard, particularly those with a UI"? ;-) All the good ones follow specifications and good practices religiously. But I've never met a good one. Joe Kraus is among my favorite speakers. He's smart, humble, enthusiastic, and funny. Well worth paying attention to. (Not just because he built a multi-billion dollar company.) While I don't think this is a particularly good idea--as pg pointed out, you have to be an employer of people to insure them in any reasonable scalable way, because that's just the way the world of insurance works right now--I do think that this (not just insurance, but all of the boring crap like that) is perhaps the biggest single pain point of building a business. In the first months or year or whatever it takes, you don't have enough to pay for the problem to go away, but you can't ignore payroll, insurance, income taxes, franchise taxes for the corporation, basic bookkeeping and accounting. I'm not even sure what kind of person to hire for some of these tasks. Obviously an accountant is expensive overkill for payroll and bookkeeping, and the accountants I have known outsource it. Administaff doesn't seem to like very small companies (or at least they charge as though they don't like them). The online services I've used for payroll have ended up with me doing most of the hard work by hand (they're glorified calculators with all the percentages already punched in, but they don't handle actually paying people or getting the taxes paid). And, of course, no one should ever be without health insurance for any period of time. It's just too much risk. But I haven't found health insurance to be the hardest part to deal with: just call up Unicare. They provide individuals with reasonable health care plans for reasonable price. I pay $84/month for a crappy plan (but I'm in good health, with no bad or dangerous habits, so I just want to know that if I go to the hospital it won't bankrupt me). Also, as for aston's point, you might be surprised. Group health insurance is much more expensive than individual plans for young healthy people (most of what YC funds). I looked into it and group insurance for me would cost about $280/month, vs. the $84 I'm paying now. The insurance a company buys for you has to deal with pre-existing conditions, dependents, all ages, etc. and generally doesn't even discriminate based on smoker/non-smoker status. Of course, the group rates I was looking at were for a 2-10 person company, while YC would be covering 50 or so people, so the rates might be considerably lower at that scale. Anyway, it's not a bad idea for YC to do something about all of these stupid but necessary aspects of business. The days I'm doing bookkeeping or payroll or taxes are days that are really painful...I can't think of anything in my day to day life that I hate more. I'm now in a position to pay someone for them to go away, but I'd have to find that someone or someones... But that's just me complaining. ;-) Google is a total slut for a high GPA, make no mistake about that. Google also has a list of schools that are considered top-tier, and if you're not from one of those, you're unlikely to be hired. I don't believe Google has always been this way--and I think the pressure to raise the hiring bar in so many artificial ways comes not from any elitism, but from the fact that Google is hiring way too fast, and the folks at the top know it. By ruling out everyone below a quite high academic threshold, they've cut down the number of applicants under consideration. I suspect, but don't know for sure, that if you have a long track record of producing good results, you can still get hired by Google. I received a recruitment letter from them, but never followed up by going through the hiring process to find out if someone with a couple of two year community college degrees (and no computer science classes at all aside from AP high school classes--I tested out of all of the computer-related classes for my degrees) could get hired there, based on the strength of accomplishments, alone. The letter came two days after I accepted funding from YC, and a few months after we started making money with Virtualmin, so it wasn't really of interest at all. But now that I think about it, it would have been an interesting experiment. There's no "right" answer to this kind of puzzle. The purpose is to see how you think through problems. The 5 second limitation makes it a little less useful for that purpose, though...and, in general, I've never liked this particular puzzle question. Besides, the center part of my blender does spin...it's what holds the blade. I find Plone/Zope to be the single most intimidating code base in existence. I tried for years to scale the learning curve...and never got past the "hmm...I'm not sure why, but it's working now...I'm not going to touch it again" stage. "I think there may also be a general reluctance to post things which are challenging or negative for fear of either being downvoted like crazy, or looking bad in the eyes of YC if you have plans to apply." There's a line between being challenging or negative and being hostile. I've seen pg prune hostile comments, but never challenging or negative ones (and I've made quite a few of both--I don't think I get a special pass because I have a YC funded company). And I also strongly doubt challenging pg or anyone else here with a well-thought out argument would have a negative impact on applications for funding. There are plenty of strong personalities in YC companies, many of whom are not particularly intimidated by pg--I strongly doubt the YC folks have a problem with that, at all. Not being cowed by challenges from your investors and advisers is probably even a necessity for success, and pg has mentioned it in several talks and at least one essay.[1] Of course, that doesn't invalidate your argument. Maybe folks are hesitant to challenge folks for fear of hurting their chances with YC. It's a mistake to hesitate for that reason. But it's entirely possible that people do. 1: Search for the word "adult" in this essay: http://paulgraham.com/notnot.html Note the date. In 2000, Perl was, by far, the leading scripting language (and language for the web). I'm certain that if this rant were written today, it would target PHP, and possibly even Ruby and Python. Ironically, perhaps, modern Perl is more lisp-like than any other mainstream language (aside from JavaScript, in some ways), and so this article merely says, "Mainstream languages that come pretty close to Lisp are brain-damaged and you'd have to be a particular breed of crazy to use it for anything." Awesome. He's convinced that using a language (C++ or Perl, depending on the rant in question) can cause damage to ones cognitive processes! He is a colorful one. I'm pretty sure I'd feel dumber after having worked in PHP for the past six months on our new website, if that were true. It was better the first couple hundred times I heard it. Jamie Zawinski's from 1997 is the most famous in modern times: "Some people, when confronted with a problem, think "I know, I'll use regular expressions." Now they have two problems." But, it dates back even further to a "D. Tilbrook" from before 1988: "Whenever faced with a problem, some people say `Lets use AWK.' Now, they have two problems." There's an XML variant that had quite a lot of popularity in the early 00's. Because the ranter was pissed that his favorite language was not very viable commercially, and a language he strongly dislikes was the most popular language on the web, with many job opportunities. Bitterness colors his logic. "Wrong." Very concise. And it's always good to back it up with the assertions of some random dude on Reddit. "The assertation is backed up by a quote from the original post by Naggum." An ill-informed rant from a crank is not the same as "backed up". "Someone (Perl) can be beautiful (Lisp features), but that doesn't change the fact that they wear dirty clothing (ugly syntax) and they smell kind of funny (ugly solutions)." We all have our preferences. While you can quote your favorite usenet crank from years ago, I can quote one of my favorites about Lisp (doesn't mean Lisp isn't a great language for many tasks...this quote just makes me laugh every time I read it): "Lisp has all the visual appeal of oatmeal with fingernail clippings mixed in." --Larry Wall (larry@wall.org) Smart people can disagree on many things. Programming languages are no different. pg wrote a few in an essay. (And, unremarkably, though I'm going to remark on it anyway, Perl stands up as well as any other mainstream language to the onslaught. Perl 6 does even better, though I think one of the biggest side effects of Perl 6 is going to be a huge influx of Haskell coders because of Pugs.) Possibly by Christmas. Many of us are already using it with Pugs. Perhaps learning more Perl would solve that problem. "Perl flattens lists by default." Perl has several data types. You can get all the unflattened goodness you want by passing array refs. We do it all the time in our code. It's merely syntax. "All subroutine parameters are passed via @_, resulting in an imperative-style parsing of variables at the beginning of every sub." Likewise, pass an array ref, and you don't fiddle with parsing @_. TMTOWTDI. (Note that I'm not suggesting passing array refs for everyone or all subroutines...it's just a somewhat lispy way of thinking. In OO development, a more "imperative-style" is appropriate, and we use that too.) "A perl program is a file of perl statements, a lisp program is a lisp list of expressions." OK. Wonderful. Nonetheless, you have first-class functions in Perl. Currying is possible (and not terribly ugly) in Perl. Closures exist in Perl. Macros do not, yet, exist in Perl 5. But they exist in Perl 6. That's the only significant gap I'm aware of (where "significant" means, "a concept that cannot be replicated in the language without huge, long-winded, hacks"). Syntax is arbitrary, and smart people can disagree on what good syntax looks like. Power is a bit more tangible, and on the power continuum Perl holds up just fine. "Perl has contexts." So? Merely syntax. "Also, Lisp reserves almost no characters. I can use square-bracket as a symbol name if I want." Again, so? I'm talking about power, you're talking about implementation and syntax preferences. You may feel that the beauty of Lisp is in the details, and that's wonderful. I think Lisp is nifty, too. But, there is also beauty in speed of development, and nothing is faster to develop than already written code. Perl has the largest collection of free pre-written functionality of any modern language in CPAN. It also happens that for my problem domain (system administration automation) Perl is effectively already a nearly ideal DSL. For me, built-in grep and map and file tests and operations and regular expressions and taint mode and efficient hash tables and native Unicode and cheap enough concurrency and lots and lots of libraries are all killer features and Perl has all of them. Sure, Lisp has a better map, by some definition of better, and I can pull in a regex library and probably a POSIX file library. Erlang has better concurrency by all definitions. Other languages are strong in other areas. But nothing has them all...except Perl. The nice thing is that we can both use our favorite languages for anything we want. I will never come over to your house and force you to write (or read!) Perl code. I promise. I do think folks are missing out on some interesting ideas by closing their eyes and going "neener neener neener neener" with fingers in their ears every time someone mentions Perl, but that's no business of mine. "Stuff about Ron Paul only shows up on reddit." And Technorati. Regardless of YC involvement, you can still be demoing to investors in March. It takes a little more effort--and you'll have to do the demo about 30 times to reach the same number of investors--but you can actually start a company without YC. ;-) "Are you suggesting in retrospect that you'd have preferred a different strategy?" Not even a little bit. But we were moving full steam ahead whether YC was involved or not. As others mentioned, we were launched, we were selling products, and we were developing the connections we needed to get to where we wanted to be. YC just accelerated that, gave me the impetus I needed to get moved to the valley, and gave us a chance to hone our message and our product under the discriminating eye of a lot of smart people. Well worth the time, effort, and equity. But there would still be a Virtualmin, Inc. without YC, and it would still be building products that people like. '"You can do it too!" works better when they aren't telling you to pursue a different strategy than they did with no specifics.' I didn't think I needed to do so, since I assumed everybody here has read all of pg's essays, seen Guy Kawasaki's Art of the Start, and read a few other useful books about startups. While everybody who's built a business (I'm on my second) has at least a few things to teach others in the same boat...I didn't want to clutter up the post with a bunch of random rants. I respond to posts here with specific advice whenever there's a question I feel qualified to answer. "You haven't explained how your start-up succeeded without YC." Nobody asked. I'll take your response as somebody asking. In both cases, I made myself a recognized expert on an Open Source project that I liked a lot and that I liked the people involved (Squid in the first case, Webmin in the latter...though the first also included a huge amount of Webmin-related work and inspired the second). And then I founded companies built on making some Open Source project easier to use, more powerful, better documented, and more popular. The first never really made it out of the "consulting business" stage, though I constantly tried to convert it to a product business...had I been in the valley, I would have been able to make it work the way I wanted it to. It was a hardware based business, and for that you need volume, which I didn't have the capital to deal with--closing a big sale in the server appliance industry can cost tens of thousands of dollars before seeing any cashflow from it. So, stay out of hardware if you don't have the capital to see it through. Even then, you probably ought to stay out of hardware. So, the first one did not succeed without YC, by my standards, but did buy me a 350Z and keep me in food and houses for 7 years. The primary thing worth learning from the first business (which I built without not only YC but without any outside investment for involvement) was that you can't do it alone. Get a partner, get to the valley (I don't even bother saying get to a "startup hub" because nobody is doing deals in Boston), get to work. As for the second, here's what I know so far: 1. Start or join, very early, an Open Source project. 2. Work on it for several years. Get millions of downloads and millions of users. 3. ... 4. Profit! "> seen Guy Kawasaki's Art of the Start I hope you're kidding about that. " Of course not. Guy's a great motivator. Can't start a business worth crap (see Truemors), but he has a lot of good stuff to say about marketing, salesmanship, morale-building, and lots more. Some accidental experts really do have good advice. "My impression is that the best way to meet investors is to live in Silicon Valley. That sounds like it's leaving out a lot of steps, however." You'd be surprised how easy the "get contacts" step becomes when you're in the valley. I was. I fought it for years, as I loved living in Austin. But, events where you can rub elbows with investors happen every single week here...it's a world apart from anywhere else. "YC's value, as is repeated often, is in the advice and contacts. Finding 30 investors that will sit through your demo is something most developers don't know anything about. GGP is conspicuously silent on how to pull off that trick without YC." It's not as hard as you think. The difference YC offers is that you're already at stage two of the VC or angel process: Vetted candidate. You get to do a one hour presentation for one member of the VC firms, maybe a partner, instead of having a ten minute phone call to make your pitch. You still have to meet the investors you want to talk to...but they are actively looking for deals in the valley every day. Go to events and you will meet them. If you build something popular, some will even come to you (maybe the hungrier ones...Sequoia isn't Googling for new investment ideas). Brian Kernighan created Awk. And who are you again? You've misunderstood the fundamental UNIX nature of these quotes. They are said by people who use the tools in question regularly. jwz doesn't avoid regular expressions for everything (he'd be a fool to do so, and he's no fool)...he's merely pointing out that regexes can be misused, and often are. Likewise Awk. By cloistering yourself into Lisp, and nothing but, you're missing out on years of aggregate wisdom from some of the smartest people in computing. Lisp is one of those really valuable pieces of wisdom. But it is not the only one, or even the most important. Deny yourself the rest of the history of computing, and you are doomed to reimplement it...and you'll almost certainly do it poorly. "Are you completely sure that it can't be salvaged? Have you talked to your co-founder about the sort of work you were expecting? If you've not called them on it previously, they're probably assuming everything is fine. A gentle prod may be all it needs." It's too early to treat it this way. This is a total Splitsville situation. "I suspect he's thinking he's going to be ConnectU trying to prove that the idea was his to begin with." Then he'd be the one in the team that wasn't delivering. We're taking OP at face value and assuming he is the one that can deliver a product that the world likes and that the other person is lacking in that area. This isn't a marriage, and if you want to use the analog, then it sounds like the "child" is still-born and really wasn't the original posters to begin with. The time to leave is now. I doesn't get cheaper, easier, or less legally entangling, later on. Hire slow and fire fast applies to co-founders as well as employees. More, even. An employee can drain a lot of value from a company, but a co-founder can destroy it single-handedly. "Wrong again -- funny, because he answered it above, describing what he actually did for years before YC." I only answered after clarification on just what you wanted me to say. Your first post was merely a "then why didn't you pass up the opportunity to get advice from YC if it's so easy?!" jab. I think it's clear that I think YC is a great opportunity for early stage startups--probably the best one going. We accepted funding from YC, and I've never hid that (why would I? it's good for business and for our odds of raising the money we've just begun to raise). But, I also thought it was clear that the steps you need to be successful are pretty well documented if you only pay attention to them, and actually do what you need to do to make things happen. Moving to a startup hub (really, just the valley) is not really optional if you intend to raise money. Despite all the talk of VCs and angels doing deals elsewhere, more deals happen in a week in the valley than just about anywhere else in a year. If you want money, come to where the money lives. This is the sole reason my first business didn't go where I wanted it to go--I, too, lacked the "connections" to raise the money I needed to build the business I envisioned. I wrongly believed that because a few successful tech companies were started outside of the valley, one could do it entirely outside of the valley just as easily as in the valley. I was wrong, and I've admitted to that numerous times here at News.YC, on my blog, and in frequent conversations. I didn't have a pg essay to tell me otherwise. You do. I also managed to ignore the advice on how to actually get in touch with investors, even though I'd read many books that covered the topic. You seem to be upset because the advice you're getting for how to get connections seems like hand-waving, because you're having trouble visualizing a world in which you can meet investors accidentally on a weekly basis. You're thinking, "I need someone to introduce me to these people", but you don't. It helps, sure, but so would a magical fairy that could wave your products and the money you need into existence...even having pg on my side doesn't mean I get to relax and let the money come to me[1]. So, what you're calling a platitude was merely encouragement. Encouragement to build a business, regardless of YC involvement. If you can't imagine yourself building a business without pg there to hold your hand[2], then you're not cut out for entrepreneurship, and that's OK, too. BTW-My first business was a success by some people's definition. It kept me fed, reasonably well paid, and I got to work on my own terms most of the time. I wouldn't have chosen an office job over what I was doing with my previous business. I have larger ambitions than just "not an office job", but I learned a lot. As quite a few others have said, you learn more from trying and failing at running a business than you do working for someone else waiting for the perfect opportunity to start a business to come your way. You have to make your opportunities. This isn't a platitude--it's a fact of life. 1: pg is not a magical fairy. 2: pg doesn't hold anyones hand. He's a hard ass. The RoR image is pretty popular, so a Python focused image might also. We don't have any hard numbers about the usage of our Virtualmin image (yet, though we're working on it), but I've definitely talked to a dozen or so users that are toying with it and even a couple who are deploying on EC2. I'd still be a wee bit leery of production use, as EC2 has had some reliability problems which I'm not sure have all been worked out. A couple of YC companies are hosting entirely with EC2/S3, and they've figured out ways to work around the reliability issues to their satisfaction, so far. We agree in our interpretation, but disagree in whether this is a cause for concern. If his partner can fork it and build something successful faster than OP, then the OP isn't the productive one and his current deadbeat partner is, the premise of OP is invalid. Based on the original post, the OP thinks he is the one that can deliver and that his partner can't. If OP can't deliver a product that people want, none of this matters. That's all I'm saying. You're assuming that ConnectU would have been successful if Facebook hadn't happened. I don't believe that to be the case. "I'm mostly trying to figure out what the essential qualities of Perl are such that you consider it more lisplike than any other language." Not any other language. Merely any other mainstream language aside from possibly JavaScript (which is very nearly Scheme with C-style syntax). It actually doesn't sound like we disagree on much other than what makes a language Lisp-like. ;-) I'm primarily concerned with the "blub" and "power continuum" concepts that pg came up with. Any language lower on the power continuum is blub, and if you're only familiar with blub you can't see why a language higher up is more powerful. My basic assertion is that Perl has much more room below it on the power continuum than above it, with pretty much just Lisp (and other macro-capable functional languages) being clearly above it. Perl 6 introduces macros, so the picture changes a little bit come Christmas (or whenever the first Perl 6 is released). And, I agree that syntax is a huge gaping difference between Lisp and Perl. But Lisp is hugely different from all other mainstream languages in that regard, as well, so it has to be canceled out, as far as I'm concerned. So, once syntax as a difference in removed, all you have is "what concepts can you implement readily in this language", and Perl has pretty much everything except macros. Most other mainstream languages are missing some number of others. BTW-If you run into any problems with the image, let us know in our bug tracker ( http://www.virtualmin.com/bug-tracker/ ). It's not heavily used yet, but seems to be pretty solid. You leave me guessing.. ..it would have a quarter the features? ..it would cost $500, or more? ..it would make it impossible to safely edit configuration files from the command line? ..it would use an insecure execution model for PHP scripts? ..it wouldn't offer a friendly UI for installing Ruby Gems, PHP Pear modules, and Perl CPAN modules? ..it wouldn't be Open Source? ..it wouldn't have comprehensive monitoring with email and mobile alerts? ..it wouldn't allow you the flexibility to choose an MTA other than the default? What did you have in mind? Fixed. Thank you, Grammar Master. ;-) Nothing wrong with having a preference and expressing it. I just have a vested interest in figuring out what you prefer about Plesk. If it's just appearances, then we'll have that resolved this week with the new theme I'm working on. If it's functionality, then we've long ago surpassed Plesk on features and capabilities. If it's just what you're used to, then there's not much we can do about it...if we were going to model our product after an existing one, we'd have to choose cPanel, since it has about 70% market share. But we're not going that route...we'll just have to accept that some folks don't want to learn a new UI and let our competitors have those users. Luckily, the vast majority of people on the planet have never seen any control panel product. ;-) Also worth noting, TextDrive only recently began using the latest version of Virtualmin...until a week or two ago, they were on a heavily customized ancient--like 1.mumble--version, which worked for what they needed, but we've done a lot over the past two years between that version and the current version. Don't judge us based on a two or three year old version--Virtualmin was just a fun side project for me and Jamie back then. It's easier than ever to build web applications. And cheaper than ever to hire people to make them for you (see: Digg, MySpace). I've encouraged folks who aren't technical to pursue their (seemingly good) ideas in the past...so far, not much has come of it. But I don't think it's because it is impossible for a non-technical founder to guide a good product into existence. It seems likely that the people just didn't have the necessary drive or were too risk averse to spend the few thousand bucks it takes to build something. But, when I see a fundamentally technical startup (which any web application is) without any technical founders, I also assume that it is destined for failure. You need to contribute something to the equation. A good idea isn't even a start. It can be something as simple as money (a few thousand bucks can start something), design ability, good industry contacts in your target market, etc. But you need something that random dude on the street doesn't have, or else there's no way you're going to win against the dozen or so hackers who have the same idea right now (or have it five minutes after they see your shoddy implementation of the idea). So, I guess my answer is a resounding: Maybe. "> Nobody asked. Actually that's how this whole debate got started -- I asked: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=52613 " Yeah, I took that as smart ass sniping. If it was a sincere question, I'm glad I've now answered it. "So in your opinion would YC be better off doing both batches in Silicon Valley? My impression is people would be better served living there and flying to Boston for Demo Day 2 than vice-versa." Yes, and I've told pg as much (he asked everyone in YC their opinion on the issue a few months ago). But, I don't know as much about the startup business as pg, and I'm given to understand that pg likes living in Cambridge...he brings the money, he makes the rules. "yada yada yada, Guy Kawasaki sucks, blah blah blah" Who cares? Have you actually read his books, or watched him speak? If you're too stupid to know a good writer and an amazingly good speaker when you see one, I'm not going to waste time trying to convince you. At the very least perhaps you can learn how to speak to people in public without pissing them off. I did NaNoWriMo a couple of years ago, as well. It's an awesome experience. It definitely teaches you about writers block and the only guaranteed way to prevent it (write every day, no matter what...kind of a don't break the chain kind of thing). I'll definitely do it again sometime, when I have more free time. (It does consume a lot of time. If you've got a startup, you don't have time to spare.) Yeah, I'm thinking the dude who wrote this is batshit crazy. Must be something he ate. Citations needed. Otherwise this is the random ravings of a crank on the Internet. (Which is fine...that's what the Internets are for, but I don't have to listen to them.) Sure, some of the suggestions are valid, but other assertions just aren't backed by science. "He doesn't sound angry at all." raving: talking or behaving irrationally "The problem is, this can get much more expensive." No, the problem is there is no science here. Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary evidence. Claiming that all grains are toxic when uncooked is an extraordinary claim. As I said, I have no doubt that many of these claims are true. I also have no doubt that some are false. The author gives me no basis for knowing which is which. I happen to be a bit of a nutrition and health nut (vegetarian for 14 years, vegan occasionally, avoid processed foods generally), but I'm also a believer in science. The often ill-informed assertions of some random dude on the Internet are not going to convince me to eat like a cave man. I get it pretty rarely. My folks are both entrepreneurs themselves, and have been running their own business or contracting as long as I can remember, so I definitely don't get it from them. My girlfriend is of a distinctly less entrepreneurial bent, and occasionally gets frustrated, since I work such long hours. She works for a company that demands a lot (starts with G and ends with oogle), and she escapes as fast as she can at the end of the day, and so me being intent on my work when she leaves in the morning (or sleeping off a late night) and well past when she arrives home at night bugs her. So, given that I don't want to inspire jealousy, or poke fun, or whatever, my answer is generally, "I'm sorry. It's just the way I am. I'll take some time off this weekend." Agreed. Including several Drupal and Joomla projects. Summer of Code is pretty much indescriminant about the projects it'll fund. If it's a reasonably popular OSS project, and there's a core team developer willing to mentor the recipient of the award, it'll get the nod. (It's awesome, of course, but having a SoC supported project is really saying, "we had an intern work on the project this summer, and Google was nice enough to pay him/her", rather than "supported by Google".) They're just around the corner from me. I walk past their office pretty often. Don't know what they do, though. I don't sign of for invitation only betas, so I'll have to wait to find out. All the Ayn Rand you'll ever need is in Anthem. Much shorter than Atlas Shrugged, and better literature to boot. I'm a long-time fan, after finding one of her books at a flea market when I was a kid (bought it coincidentally at the same time as Walden Two, a socialist manifesto by B.F. Skinner...one was delightfully rational and rang true while the other's greatest feat of intellectual brilliance was the use of glass dinner plates so you don't have to flip them when washing them to know that both sides are clean), but I'll never re-read the John Galt speech. Atlas was just too long. Ayn clearly never heard of DRY (or assumed her readers were too stupid to understand it the first several times she said it). Whoah, you're weird. Salinger and Vonnegut are Good (with a capital G). Yes, "We" is also wonderful, though I don't see that "Anthem" was a ripoff...it's just another take on the same idea, which many others have taken a stab at over the years. And Brave New World and 1984 are completely different from the former to, and from each other. I love dystopian fiction, so I've read tons of it. My current favorite writer in the genre is Margaret Atwood ("Handmaid's Tale" and "Oryx and Crake"). So I guess if you don't really enjoy reading speculative fiction with a gloomy outlook on the future, maybe you only need to read one of them (probably 1984, since it's the one everybody knows), but otherwise, they're all a lot of fun. "We, the Living", I didn't care for. The language is stilted (even more than Atlas and Fountainhead). It was her first real writing in English, and it shows. I never recommend WTL to folks who don't already like Ayn Rand, and most of the folks I know who've started it never finished it. I did, but I would never re-read it. (I've re-read Fountainhead and Atlas, minus the Galt speech, a couple of times, and Anthem at least four or five times.) "To suggest that anyone -not- read them (for the sake of brevity, no less) is to suggest a reader not experience great, life-changing literature." Brevity is one of the virtues of great literature. You'll probably learn that as you grow older and time becomes more valuable to you. Certainly, great literature can be long (Middlesex is perhaps the best novel of the past 20 years, and it weighs in at a pretty hefty 556 pages...this is still significantly shorter than Atlas), but Atlas Shrugged, as art, suffers under the weight of the philosophical treatise that it's carrying around on its back (much like the mythic Atlas, and yes, I believe he should shrug off all that extra weight). The Fountainhead is somewhat less marred by needless words, but only Anthem is actually free of cruft, in my opinion. "Her objectivist philosophy may be a bit overt in the latter, but never for a second could I sleep well knowing I'd proposed that others -skip- these books." People who like what they find in the shorter Rand books will go on to read the others. People who get stuck in the mud of Galt's speech will never pickup another Rand book. That speech is simply terrible literature. It might be good philosophy, but it's not good art. "Wow, we're definitely on opposite sides of this one." Not sure where you got that. All of my posts on this topic should make clear that I'm a very big Rand fan, and have read all of her books (really, all of them). I would never call myself a SOME-PERSONS-NAMEian of any sort, so perhaps that's the difference. I do sometimes refer to myself as an anarcho-capitalist, so, philosophically, your Rothbardian views and mine probably coincide more than they differ. ;-) I actually did enjoy Atlas Shrugged. But the speech is too much, the book too long (by about half), and the characters are weak (for such a long book). When I first started reading Rand, I wanted to share her books with everybody. So I recommended Atlas, her opus, to everybody I knew. None of them made it through the book. All got bogged down in the speech, and either gave up, or skimmed the rest of it. Even people who were reasonably heavy readers (though mostly pulp) still couldn't stomach the whole thing. I started recommending Anthem after that, and everybody made it through...everybody enjoyed it...and some went on to read other Rand books (I recommend The Fountainhead next). I still believe that intelligent people can get everything they really need to know about Rand's philosophy from Anthem. And, of course, dumb folks can actually read Anthem, understand it, and enjoy it. But, you're definitely weird to think "Catcher in the Rye" is shallow. Perhaps you like a lot of words in your stories. I don't. Word of advice: Stay away from Hemingway, you won't like it. "The architect who wouldn't design what people like (because it wasn't rational, as I recall) seemed like a really annoying person to deal with. And I certainly wouldn't want to invest in his startup :)" This one made me laugh a little. What did people want from gmail, Paul? Folders, right? Lots of good folder-related features. Did you give it to them? Nope. You made search work right, threaded the conversations, and to hell with what people wanted. You gave'em what they didn't know they wanted (but what was right). And you were right to do so. Sure, now you have labels, which are just like folders only not called folders, but I'm pretty sure you weren't around for that (or at least you didn't push for labels if you were around for it). "Yes, I'm not suggesting that you have to deliver exactly what people ask for, but you shouldn't completely ignore it either. I'm basically saying that both extremes are wrong. You need to be both arrogant and humble at the same time. I know what's best, but I might be wrong. :)" I agree, and I know you're not as arrogant as a Rand hero. Your post just made me laugh. ;-) But I'm glad you clarified, because the "I know what's best" sentence could very well be the best thing ever said on News.YC. Vim Good luck. Zenter was pretty damned slick last time I saw it. With Googlebucks behind it, you've got an uphill battle ahead of you. Me too. Yamamoto Jasmine Green from the asian grocery on Castro street here in Mountain View. Two or three cups per day (more and I get jittery rather than alert). Maybe it's my old age (32), but large doses of stimulants end up reducing my productivity over the span of a few days. I'm much better off with a trickle of caffeine via green tea, and getting a good nights rest, rather than going on work binges and crashing afterward. I'm also a big fan of oatmeal with some fresh fruit or raisins/craisins, some crushed walnuts or almonds (raw, not smoked or roasted, as any kind of cooking breaks down the healthy fats in tree nuts), and a little brown sugar usually makes for a nice solid day of pleasant work. I've tried all of the gunpowder/pearl teas at the two asian markets on Castro, and have been underwhelmed. The tea tends to be too bitter and the Jasmine overpowering. The price also offends my delicate sensibilities--between 9 and 18 bucks for one tin, which makes twenty to thirty cups of tea. My girlfriend drinks Mighty Leaf Earl Grey, so I can become accustomed to spending crazy prices for tea, but only if I enjoy it more than the cheaper alternative. Virtualmin, Inc. has just released a product called VM2 (Virtualmin Machine Manager) into private beta. It manages Xen, Solaris Zones, Linux vzervers, and Amazon EC2 virtualized systems, as well as physical systems, from a central management interface. It's pretty nifty. It'll be public in a couple of weeks, tops. Yet. Or socialmoth. You folks need to get your biting political commentary detector fixed. I'm obviously tossing pearls before swine here... We (Virtualmin) got in and the problems we solve are big and take a huge volume of code (though we had a 9 year jump on the problem when we applied, in our Open Source projects). Parakey got in, and their problem set sounded really big...but I didn't understand what they were talking about most of the time, so I may have misunderstood. They also had a leg up, by being Blake Fucking Ross and Joe Fucking Hewitt. Versionate is a big project, but they were well-started by the time of application. Octopart is a big project. They faked it until they made it, and did so beautifully (their presentation was among the best on Demo Day for WFP07). Loopt is a big set of problems, most of them non-technical, and pg considers it the best thing out of YC to date (and I see why...Sam's kicking ass). Zenter was hard. But they broke the rules and pretended like it was easy and actually produced something that mostly worked in a few months. So, yeah, while the majority of YC companies are pretty small ideas that can be executed by a very small team, many success stories (or success stories in the making) out of YC have been big ideas. I like these numbers. As someone pushing an Open Source based business along, Open Source businesses selling for huge prices is a nice thing for me to see...XenSource went for 500mil not more than a month ago. Zimbra 350mil. Both sit either side of us on the continuum of applications (and we've got a mail stack with webmail like Zimbra, though not as advanced, and a virtualization management product more feature-laden than XenSource have). I'm gonna act like I don't know any of y'all when I'm cruising around on my mega-yacht. That's all I'm saying. Yes on all counts. I wouldn't want our Demo Day presentation disseminated because it kinda sucked. And I wouldn't do it again, because when I next present I expect a big fat check to follow within a month or so. But maybe I'm just lazy. "Make it part of the Winter YC application." As a way to weed folks out, I guess? Automatic disqualification due to inability to focus on ones own problems? Demo something. Don't make excuses about why you don't have a demo...demo something, and tell them what you'll change to make it great. The demo is just so they know you can actually build something. Recently there have been quite a few YC companies that have already built something impressive at the time of the interview, so your competition is stiff. But folks with crappy or no demos also make it in, sometimes. I just think your odds are much better if you demo something. Realize that some of the guys you're up against can produce a working web application that does something useful in a few hours. So, mock something up. Make a demo. How else can I say it? Demo something! This one is missing quite a bit of the graphic stuff that Zenter had (but seems to have lost for Google Presentations). Rotations of text and images and browsing of Flickr and Google Images for images with drag and drop. Font handling in Zenter was also awesome to behold. It tried to replicate some of the really hard stuff in PowerPoint, that this one doesn't (yet). Looks very slick, though. Definitely a contender, particularly if Google Presentations doesn't bring in all of that functionality that we were seeing in Zenter before it got sucked up by Google. The design is nice and clean, too, which is a plus. I don't think the name is all that bad. All the good ones are taken, so you've got to go outside the realm of good spelling to get something even close to appropriate. "I think that one of the things that makes us different is the ability to edit presentations between a group of people in real time." I'm pretty sure Zenter was already demoing this feature, as well. You've picked a hard target to top. ;-) "pandr: A social networking site for bears." Or politicians. They can get their campaign manager to help them use the Internet. The Shoutfit guys were, last I heard, working on BuyThisLook, but it's also non-existent. So they died twice, I guess. No. It's frustrating, and makes me feel like I can't control the pods. I gave up after three runs through...I couldn't aim the bastards, so the game sucked. It would be addicting, if I felt like I could control my elements within the game...as it is, I feel like the deck is stacked against me. Computer games that cheat aren't fun. ;-) I'm a data point on the side of YC not having an Ivy League (or "top tier") school bias. I went to community college. For audio recording and music--I've never taken a single computer class after high school AP classes. My co-founder went to a good school in Australia, but I didn't know what it was when filling out the application so I just said, "some school in Australia, probably a good one, and probably for computer science". That said, the number of Stanford, CMU, UC, MIT, etc. students and graduates is quite high in YC, and I can't think of any other community college bums in the bunch. Agreed. The computer is perfect with his aim...the only time I did reasonably well was when the computer put his pod behind his base and was shooting himself (of course, eventually one of my pods starting shooting him and took it out of play, and the game ended soon after). We're announcing a product that manages EC2 instances in the next week or so (along with Solaris Zones, Xen, and vserver instances). So far we're seeing pretty good results with the people who are using EC2, but reliability is currently less than ideal. If EC2 were on the various hosting reliability charts I'm pretty sure it'd be down in the bottom half of the pack (and given some of the podunk three-server operations out there calling themselves "hosting providers" this is pretty dismal). As far as I can tell, you can expect several minutes of downtime every month, and sometimes longer. Most of the top tier hosts average a couple of minutes per year downtime...but the fluid nature of EC2 should make it possible to get near 100% uptime...when Amazon takes a network segment down, they can theoretically do a live migration of your instances. So far, they don't seem to actually have the capability to do so. The S3 piece of the equation brings it back up in usefulness...but I don't know that I'd want to rely on it exclusively for my web applications just yet, unless high volume storage was a core part of my problem domain. And that's why Distrowatch is invalid as a measurement tool. Nobody uses PCLinuxOS. It's like five guys for whom Mandriva (the Linux distro seemingly designed by 14 year old boys) is a little too grown up and serious and Gentoo (the Linux distro designed for people with way too much of that pesky "time" thing) is too hard to understand. "Undoing a vote, even if it is useful, would add clutter to the UI." No, it would just leave the arrows in place except highlighted when "voted". You could then click it again to unvote, or click the opposite arrow to reverse vote. Just like Reddit. I'm not saying I want unvoting, as I don't really care, but I don't think it clutters the interface in any meaningful way. (Though it does make the pair of arrows multi-state, which could be confusing for some users. Doesn't seem to bother redditors though.) I used to hire him to work on software projects for my previous company (and we worked on Webmin together--him doing the hard work, me complaining a lot). He was the best developer I ever worked with, and after seven years, I finally figured out the smartest thing was to partner up and start something new with him. ID and science don't belong in the same sentence. I'm sure there are creationists out there who will be happy to fund someone with some kind of credentials (do you have some sort of degree in science? it seems unlikely, given your belief in a politically motivated hoax of epic proportions, that is wholly unbacked by science or reason, but if you're expecting someone to pay you for "science" I must presume you have some kind of scientific credentials). But, frankly, if I had guidance to offer on how to raise money for research, I wouldn't. You're seeking to do harm, whether you know it or not. Any belief system that requires lies to defend it, is a belief system that does not deserve to be heard, and ID is built entirely on lies and misdirection. If you aren't aware of the distortions of truth behind ID, then you're certainly not equipped to call yourself a "scientist" in the field. Raytheon finally lives up to its name. (I've always thought they should be in the ray gun business with a name like that.) But if you have to do new features, you're screwed. So, yeah, I guess it is the final version...new ones are such a pain. (I don't dislike C++. It's fine for systems-level programming. But I'm not using it for anything else.) I tend to agree with this (PHP is perhaps my least favorite language outside of C#/Java). But there is some really good PHP code out there. The problem is finding it--particularly for a non-programmer. DokuWiki is very nice. Flyspray aint even half bad. Wordpress, while extraordinarily popular, is a bit painful to look at...it's getting better, but it's not ideal to learn from (I'm not knocking Wordpress...I use it for two blogs and recommend it to everyone who asks about blogging software). The majority of Joomla is downright scary bad--I feel dumber every day that I spend working with it. "Keep in mind that most businesses have been started by non-programmers." We're talking about web technology businesses here, I presume. Otherwise OP wouldn't be trying to round up a programmer. The vast, vast, vast majority of web application startups are started by technical founders. Even the exceptions tend to bring some technical know-how to the endeavor (Digg, MySpace are examples of the non-programming founder, and they're the only two successful startups that meet that criterion I can think of off-hand). Non-technical founders can create value. But that's hard to prove in the initial "Hi, do you wanna start a company?" phase. That's why he's not getting much traction from developers he talks to. "6. You can start a project in one of the open source communities like sourceforge put some high level specs and see whether any one will be interested in joining you." This is a rather persistent myth about Open Source. It's entirely fiction. If you post a working version to sf.net, you'll probably get a few bug reports and a few questions. If you work on it for a year, and do something really valuable to a lot of people, you'll see a few patches. If you work on it for another year, and continue to add value for a large technical audience, you may have a few parties who are interested in joining the project in a serious way. Open Source software does not spring into existence. Nearly every project has one (or more) extremely dedicated developers pushing it forward every day. A non-programmer wishing something into existence is not going to make anything happen. I promise. The "because they are cheap" comment is definitely problematic. The best people are smart enough to know they have value. Of course, picking the best people is still a problem--no matter how much money is on offer, idiots will apply in larger number than great people (because great people are often being well-treated in their current position). But the "if they turn out to be an idiot it's easy enough to get rid of them" is a big bonus for smart people. I've left contracts and jobs because the people around me weren't smart enough, or ambitious enough, to be doing the job they were hired to do, and yet they weren't cut loose. I don't want to screw around on a job where I know great things aren't going to come out the other end. It may be hard to grasp everything everyone on the team is doing, and to know whether they're great at what they do (particularly if the project is large and has many individual pieces), but if you find yourself doing more work because of stupid stuff one of your team-mates is doing, it's a good sign that something isn't right. I don't know any great developer that enjoys that. I think you're misinterpreting Joe Kraus. I've seen him do his "Startup Addict" presentation twice now, once at Startup School and once at a YC dinner, and in neither instance did I come away with the impression that he meant you have to start making money immediately. The meaning I took from this "business model in beta" statement was, "you have to be willing to admit you don't understand how you're going to make money; be willing to evolve the business model based on what you learn after launch". Which seems entirely consonant with what pg has said. I'll buy that, too. Anyway, I think the "beta" aspect of that statement is "try it and see, and change it if it's wrong". If your business model is "everything is free and I hate ads", then you'll soon find out that it's wrong. ;-) It also ties into Kraus' favorite saying: You make what you measure. This is nifty, in the same way that the "don't break the chain" ideas are nifty (I like this kind of GTD idea, and making it social is cooler). Start thinking about the business case for this idea, though. I don't mean you have to know how to make money today...I'm just wondering how big you visualize the market for this product being. Whether it's a feature or a product you want something that appeals to a very large swath of people (or a small swath with disposable income to spend on what you're providing). Also of note, I've wrangled Kevin Hale, of Wufoo/Particle Tree fame into being our celebrity judge. If that doesn't make this contest awesome, I don't know what awesome is. It's not merely $500! The winner also gets a T-shirt. Pay attention, man! ;-) We've tried the direct route. All of the logos we've gotten from designers sucked so far. Besides, we're having some fun with it. If you don't think design contests are fun, that's fine. No, Kevin doesn't do freelance work. I tried LogoWorks for Virtualmin, Inc. over two years ago, and the suggestions I got back were horrible--really, truly, awful. One was the Verizon V-Cast logo (literally...not even a little different...same colors and all). I even paid them extra for additional concepts and such. It may have been a fluke, and really, SitePoint contests are the same basic concept; as far as I know, LogoWorks is a bunch of freelancers that work on spec, too. The difference is that we get to have fun with the contest. we have a mailing list and a forum both full of users who'll get a kick out of discussing the logos. They'll also feel some ownership in the new logo, if they get to take part in picking it. I don't see how we can possibly lose on the deal (holding it at SitePoint assures that the worst case of nobody showing up doesn't happen). There's also the tradition of Open Source projects choosing their logos via contests to uphold. Now that Webmin is a wizened old-timer in the Open Source world, it's got a responsibility to uphold the finest traditions of its community. Or something. "A new logo and look and feel would be nice, but there are a lot of other ways to improve your product. Virtualmin doesn't really differ from Plesk in a significant way." We're not talking about Virtualmin here. We're talking about Webmin, the Open Source general purpose web-based system administration tool that Virtualmin sits on top of. Webmin is more popular than Plesk or cPanel by a large margin, but it doesn't really compete with either (it's a different kind of product--Virtualmin competes with Plesk and cPanel, and nothing really competes with Webmin because nothing has the range of functionality of Webmin). Webmin is downloaded over two million times per year. We're not desperate for users here... "Have you checked out the features Splunk or Google Analytics offers in terms of log analysys?" Of course. Virtualmin will setup Google Analytics tagging automagically (along with several other popular analytics services like Clicky and MyBlogLog, and it'll also configure the Open Source AWstats and Webalizer analytics tools). But neither Webmin or Virtualmin is an analytics product (and cPanel and Plesk do not offer analytics functionality). That said, we've built in system data analytics in the most recent version. See screenshot: http://www.virtualmin.com/images/screenshots/statistics.png And we have other analytics tools in development. But again, this isn't about Virtualmin at all. We're just giving our favorite Open Source project a new logo. It's not at all motivated by trying to make more Virtualmin sales--we were Webmin developers before Virtualmin existed, and Webmin is important to us. It needs a new logo, so we're holding a contest to get one. Nothing sneaky here. "Say I have a lot of users and servers where authentication fails. I'd love to be able to pick a period (by dragging along a timeline of logs), zoom into to a period, and get any messages regarding LDAP from that time. Then I'd like to take that group of server and regenerate a certificate for each of them to fix the problem." I have no idea what you're talking about. But I wish you luck in your endeavors. ;-) Yeah, I've never used SitePoint contests before, and may never use them again (we'll see). It does rule out some of the best known designers, because the best known don't need to work on spec, but the hope (as with any of the methods being discussed in this thread) is that you'll get the "soon to be best known" designer working on your project. If the logo we get sucks, it'll hopefully suck less than the current one, and we'll try again in a year. The entries so far aren't great, but they aren't all terrible either. We're only a few hours into the contest, and there's already at least one that I think is better than the current logo. So, we're already ahead. The other neat thing is that the SitePoint contests allow everyone to see what's already been submitted--it's a constant refinement process where everybody knows what everybody else is doing. I dunno if that'll really encourage everyone to bring their A game, but it certainly is more fun than staring at the 12-15 logo ideas I got from LogoWorks was. I'm still groping to find the best way to get jobs like this done--so far, nothing has been satisfactory. But then, until recently, we had very little money to spend (I was going to put up $1000, but it seemed pointless--$500 makes ours the highest paying logo contest running right now...I might bump it to $750 before it's over, if it needs a little extra oomph). I still managed to waste plenty of money and time on logos, though. ;-) Best case, the logo will rock, and we'll have found ourselves a little known designer who works reasonably cheap, but whose work we love. I'm not holding my breath, but it could happen. Agreed. I had been there in the past, and it seemed pretty slapped together...but they've used their success wisely by investing in better technology. The contests system is, so far, top-notch. Loads fine for me, but I'll double check our DNS and such (it's a new domain, so I might have screwed it up when moving it from a private server to a public one). You can also hit the SitePoint contest link directly here: http://contests.sitepoint.com/contests/3497 Agreed. My girlfriend thought I was crazy when I started turning down $1000/day local contracts and $3000/day "get on a plane" contracts to instead work on Virtualmin (for no money for the first several months, and until recently very little money). Yeah, I did the same with my web app scalability contracting work...started at $95/hr, and kept that rate for years, but then when I started getting sick of the business, I started cranking it up. By the end I was charging $150/hr for local work and $3k/day minimum for "have to fly to get there" jobs, and hadn't lost any customers--I was still saying, "No, I can't get out to see you until the week after next, but I'll fix the particular problem you've mentioned remotely tonight when I get back into the office." The addiction wasn't so much mine as my clients. I had to wean them...and with enough time for them to hire someone to take my place. In the case of my biggest customer, they hired a full-time employee for the role. I think the impetus I needed was the right business. I'd been working on Virtualmin for fun for two years...somehow it never occurred to me to make it a business for most of that time. When it finally did, it all seemed inevitable: it really felt like, from day one, that as long as I worked hard, it could not possibly fail (and that initial gut feeling is turning out to be right a couple of years later). Some things I did to make it clear to myself that I was done with that old business: 1. Gave up my downtown Austin office. (Corner of 6th and Congress, Bank of America building...best location in the whole city.) 2. Took down the old business website. I left up all of the support materials and such (and it still gets thousands of hits per day), but I removed all contact information. 3. Gave myself deadlines for launching the new business. "The website will be launched on X, and we'll be selling products by Y." 4. Did Y Combinator. Not everybody gets to do that, but it triggered a number of changes that made the break between the old life and the new one very dramatic and difficult to go back on: I sold my 350Z and had a huge garage sale to get rid of a lot of my stuff, moved to the Valley (the getting rid of stuff is enforced when moving to the Valley--I couldn't afford as much space out here as in Austin), and didn't keep my old phone numbers. The last one has probably been the most effective. I was still occasionally taking jobs when friends asked when I still lived in Austin. The thought process is, "Hey, what can a couple of days hurt? It'll give the new company more runway." But it slows you down, and gives you a safety net. Once I didn't have the safety net, I started thinking a lot faster and lot harder about how to increase revenues to a livable amount (I've never had a lot of big expenses, even the Z, so I had enough savings to last quite a while, but moving to the Valley dips into that pretty quickly). NOTE: I don't have a family to feed and house. My co-founder kept his full-time job throughout all of this, because he has a family. I'm not saying the dramatic "drop everything and get serious" is the right path for everyone. Go for it. We're really impressed with several of the entries, so far. Even if we stopped it today, we'd already have a half dozen logos better than the current one to choose from...still got 9 days to go. I'm thinking we'll be doing more of these for future design tasks. I instead just stopped. That's when I went full-time working on Virtualmin. Paul Graham's tears have been acquired by Google for an undisclosed sum. I've encouraged my girlfriend to apply (she's smart, has a couple of good business ideas, has done a lot of design work and has a college degree in art, and has great work experience at Google among other places...she has the skills she needs to be valuable to a startup), but startups are just not her thing. I don't know if it's endemic to being a woman...risk aversion is definitely more important to her than me, but that may just be different personalities, not related to sex. It would almost certainly be a positive thing to have a well-qualified woman involved early in a startups life, as there are definitely some differences in the sexes, and some balance would probably be valuable. But, as someone else pointed out, the number of women in the hard sciences is very low, and probably lowest in computer science. Design is better represented, but even in that, there is a much lower number of women involved than men. I suspect the goal should be (if there is a goal to be found in all of this) to get more girls interested in the hard sciences early. Being equipped to build a technology business is something that starts young. I've made this mistake four times now (Zope, Plone, OpenACS, Joomla). I think I might have a learning disability that prevents me from ever accepting that the "free" functionality is not worth the cost of the increased complexity of the system. I've not used Drupal. I'm only mentioning the CMS systems I've specifically wasted hours of life on making fit my needs. Drupal is actually next on my list of CMS systems to waste hours of my life on making fit my needs...I was kinda hoping it was better than all the other ones I've used. (You see? I'm sick. I have a real problem.) If you aren't aware of them, then you're not subject to their deadly allure. Be grateful. CMS systems provide: 1. Users and user management, and shared auth across all services (theoretically...Joomla is a joke on this front...nothing useful uses the native user interfaces, they're all bridged applications--at this point our "Joomla website" is actually almost entirely non-Joomla apps bridged into Joomla, and Joomla just makes things like adding new content or new applications harder). 2. Applications sharing a single API. This is least true with Joomla, unfortunately, as it's got the most applications. So, the more apps a CMS offers, the less well-integrated those apps are. In my past two websites I've needed: shopping cart, forums, issue tracker, wiki, and FAQ manager. All but one of those is a bridged app in our current website. They were all integrated, by some definition of integrated, in the OpenACS variant of the site, but OpenACS is a nightmare to work on--second-system syndrome has set in with OACS and it could be years before a Firefox-style simplicity revolution occurs for the codebase (if it has the community enthusiasm for such a rebirth to occur). To be fair to OACS, now that I've switched to Joomla, there are several things that OACS got right that Joomla fails miserably at. Short answer is that, so far, every time I deploy a CMS, I end up wishing I'd just picked the best of breed applications I needed, and modify them to share a single auth session and state and use the same style. I'm pretty sure that, in the long run, will save a lot of time and offer a better user experience. Of course, the simple fact is that I really don't need a CMS. I like (the idea of) the applications that come with some of the bigger CMS systems, but the CMS itself is useless to me. Even in a reasonably large company where a CMS seems like the right idea, I found that no one could ever be convinced to use the CMS to add content. When switched to a simple wiki, the website exploded in usefulness to everyone, and everyone started contributing content. CMS systems are just too ornery to use to add content. I've always dreaded the process with all of them except OpenACS (which allowed flat files to be part of the content of the site, unlike other CMS systems that insist on having it in the database). So, the more time I spend with CMS systems, the more I think lots of people are chasing down a deadend road, and I've followed them on more than one occasion. Can you tell I'm a little frustrated with the state of the CMS world? >>> Say I have a lot of users and servers where authentication fails. I'd love to be able to pick a period (by dragging along a timeline of logs), zoom into to a period, and get any messages regarding LDAP from that time. Then I'd like to take that group of server and regenerate a certificate for each of them to fix the problem >> I have no idea what you're talking about. > It seems like you haven't used Splunk at all. Hehehe...You misinterpret my remark. I'm saying that what you're describing isn't our problem set with Virtualmin. I'm saying I don't understand why you're talking about something completely outside of the problem domain Virtualmin sets out to solve as though we've failed in being unable to perform the tasks you describe. I'm simply confused by all the smoke and waving hands. > I know your a lot of your competitors (eg Plesk) are similarly basic. This doesn't mean that it wouldn't be good to innovate. Here you're exhibiting a lack of knowledge about what we're building (you've already done that earlier by saying, "Virtualmin doesn't really differ from Plesk in a significant way", but I wasn't going to really argue that point), rather than pointing out why we're "similarly basic". The problems you describe aren't the problems the vast majority of virtual hosting customers need or even want to solve. Splunk seems like a wonderful product, and I'm glad you like it. But it doesn't compete with Virtualmin. It's not even in the same general area--there are some places where Virtualmin overlaps with products that aren't direct competitors (because we are innovating in far-reaching ways and stepping into a lot of different areas that effect hosting providers and their customers). There's even more where Webmin overlaps, because Webmin covers a lot more ground, including system monitoring and alerts. Splunk doesn't address any of the virtual hosting management problems our products set out to solve--that doesn't make Splunk "similarly limited" to other products that don't do what Virtualmin does. If you don't need Virtualmin features, and you do need Splunk features, then by all means use Splunk. > One doesn't have to build something to have an opinion on it. If you think otherwise, you may enjoy other forums more. Certainly. I'm just not sure you've really grasped who our customers are (hosting providers), and what they do with our products (enable their customers to build full-featured websites or applications quickly and without human support). This awareness is a rather vital component in our decision making process. ;-) That said, we do have timeline features coming in a new analytics product that we're developing (and it shows up in a limited form in the system data analytics graphs provided by Virtualmin). I'm not disagreeing that there are many areas for massive improvement in the analytics and reporting fields...there are. It's barely been touched, even by the best products in the field. But Virtualmin remains a virtual hosting management tool--not an analytics product. It'll work seamlessly with these other products, but their job description is quite different, and their customer set will vary quite a bit. I waffle between YUI and Extjs. Ext is slightly smaller for the full stack of widgets and all, but in the way I end up using each, YUI is slightly smaller. YUI is better documented and somewhat better supported do to higher user count, but Ext has some nice widgets. Design of YUI seems a bit more stable, as well. Ext changes pretty frequently. pg has a deeply felt longing for brevity. Our application, which did get us to the interview, was long, as I tend to chatter on quite a bit more than strictly necessary--I feel the engineers compulsion to cover all of the caveats and interesting (to me) details--but I don't think that helped our case. You should fight the urge to chatter on. Think about the following questions: What are you going to build? Why should we believe you are willing and able to build it? Everything else is fluff...so, for every sentence you write, think, "Does this answer one of those two questions?" If not, cut it. That's pretty much what all of the questions on the application are about--they just want to hear it from multiple angles. I'm exclusively indie rock. You're a bit softer in taste than I, but there's some overlap. The Arcade Fire is one of the best bands playing right now. Their live show is astoundingly good...best I've seen in years. My faves are: Spoon, Midlake, Fugazi, Death from Above 1979, Voxtrot, Mission of Burma, Cat Power, The Lemonheads. When I'm working I'm most productive with things that have no lyrics or illegible lyrics, but are familiar. Jesu, The Fucking Champs, and electronica like Booka Shade and Apparat. Embarrassingly, perhaps, I'm totally loving working to old school metal lately--some from before my time, actually, but I like it anyway--Judas Priest, in particular. Also stuff I liked in high school and college: Carcass, Godflesh, Neurosis. I made a list of my favorite tracks at emusic a while back (need to update it with Arcade Fire and a few other recent faves): http://www.emusic.com/lists/showlist.html?lid=564452&p=1 You can't beat emusic if you like indie music. It's cheap, non-DRM, and they've got nearly all of the best bands and labels. As far as I can tell from the article: Magic. Or, maybe he called it "agile", but I'm not really thinking gymnasts and ballerinas are magically great developers, though they are strikingly agile. This article needs some kind of detail--it doesn't answer most of the W's of good journalism: Who, what, when, where, why, and how. We've only got a really vague what ("a good developer built something that I liked a lot") and a vague where (Chrysler). Somehow all of the good bits are completely left out. This isn't a question of ethics. This is a question of whether you and the company you're building is worth the talent you have put together to build it. If, particularly at this early stage (the article says the silly words "this late in the game", as though applying to YC is the finish line) your partner were to come to the conclusion that another company were a better opportunity, then your problem is with your business or with your partner. It has nothing to do with other possible businesses that might want your partners talents on their side. If you're not prepared to deal with the problem of getting and keeping good developers in a highly competitive market, then you're not equipped to deal with running a business in the tech industry. You will be astounded by how hard it is to recruit the very best talent. Middle tier and lesser developers are abundant...it's the cream of the crop, the people who deliver solid, reliable, working code day in and day out, that are difficult to find and to keep. Welcome to the real world of business, where you have to worry about things like that. "I had no idea YC teams were this competitive with each other." As far as I've seen, they are not (and, neither of these teams is a YC team...they are YC applicants, along with 400+ other teams). The teams tend to be very well-equipped coming into the game and don't really feel the need to break up other teams before they've had a run at it. When a couple of companies fizzled out after the program, I suspect there was a bit of competition for who would get some of the folks from those no longer existent companies, but I'm sure it was friendly (at least I can't imagine any way it could have been otherwise...everybody is still friendly at the events). Others started working on new ideas of their own rather than joining an existing YC company. > Why is it, whenever there's an ethical issue on this forum, inevitably, someone steps up and says, "This isn't a question of ethics." Because, in this case, it isn't. The article is about a human being, one with free will or some impressive approximation thereof, who received a business proposition. Another human being is pissed off at the person making the proposition...but the proposition is not his problem. The business he is building and his relationship with his teammate is his problem. The person receiving the proposition may have had some ethics questions to address, like, "What is my responsibility to my teammate and the business we are building?" The person making the offer was perhaps a bit rude (though his description of the proposition makes it entirely within the bounds of good taste), but not particularly unethical. Nearly every hire you make in the real world is hiring someone away from an existing job. Is it unethical to give someone a better offer? Is it unethical to give someone (who you know to be an employee at IBM or Google or whatever) your business card when you meet them at events and say, "let's have lunch sometime"? Of course not. Anyway, it's all like a damned soap opera, and the OP made a mistake to post it at all. This isn't college, and nobody cheated on a test. > Maybe I'm the one in the wrong place. I certainly hope not. I like it here. A not so subtle way of suggesting that perhaps I'm poisoning the waters with my unethical advice? You'll be fine, as I can't reach through the wires and choke you or anything sinister like that. Unless perhaps you've got a weak heart and respond reflexively to nasty comments like mine, in which case, perhaps a nice hot bath would be more your speed. But, that means you don't have a story. You strung me along expecting a payoff, and there was none. It's more than a bit rude. ;-) > By the way, I haven't failed to notice that everyone except me is getting voted up in this "little debate". I'm not among the ones voting you down. I prefer to respond. > I've seen what happens too many times when people don't play "by the rules" (whatever that means to you). Sure, and I agree...where we disagree is on what those rules are. My position is that offering someone a job is not a breach of ethics, unless there is a non-compete or non-association agreement in place. The folks in this story are unrelated parties. They have no contractual relationship, and seemingly no friendship to uphold. While it would be rude to "poach" (note that I don't care for this word in this context--it puts the person being offered a position in the role of animal with no ability to think for or look out for his/her own interests) someone from a friends company, it is not a breach of any reasonable code of business ethics. Good old boys, in the bad old days, might have had gentleman's agreements in place to keep folks from moving between jobs for higher pay and better treatment. But those days and those boys are, for the most part, gone in the technology industry. Employment is at will, and the best talent goes to the highest bidder (by some definition of highest, where Google redefines it to not be raw salary). That is how it is, and how it should be. What you're suggesting is, I believe, the unethical position. When taken to its logical conclusion, you're suggesting that an engineer is the lifetime servant of the company he works for, and has no right to entertain other offers and no one has the right to make other offers. In a previous thread, you've threatened murder in similar circumstances. I believe we're at odds on this position, as well. ;-) > I don't think either party in this "dispute" emerges smelling very good. Here, we agree. I'm afraid Chrysler poisoned me as a customer before I was even old enough to drive. My folks owned a couple of Chrysler products that were the worst vehicles I've ever dealt with: my mom's Dodge van once stopped steering while she was driving...yeah, the steering wheel just spun right around. On another occasion the brakes simply stopped working, pedal to the floor and nothing happened. Those are seriously dangerous catastrophic failures in dangerous circumstances and without warning. The engine also had to be entirely replaced within weeks of the brand new vans purchase, but at least no one was in danger in that case. I got to work on them quite a bit growing up--they at least gave me lots of experience fixing things. But it'll take another generation before folks who experienced Chrysler in the 80's and 90's, like me, start buying Chrysler products again...and then only if they are actually making good cars now (which I'm not confident of). I'm afraid I've been well-trained to buy only Japanese cars. I've had two fantastic Nissans in the 20 years I've been driving, and one mediocre (but never broke in dangerous ways or left me stranded--it just had some annoying quirks) Toyota...I like to drive my cars into the ground, and the ground comes at me way too fast with American cars, and Chrysler cars in particular. Sorry, I know you weren't looking for a rip on Chrysler, but suggesting I buy a Chrysler product sent me reeling into the past for a moment...I could smell the burning oil, feel the claustrophobia of laying on concrete under a jacked up minivan, and everything. I just thought I'd share my pain with you. ;-) 150,000 page views? That's not very much, is it? My book on the web was getting 30,000 pageviews a day when it was first published...and these days it gets about 100,000 per month in its current wiki form four years later (about 1000 visitors per day and slowly climbing). And it's not at all Web 2.0 or constantly new. Our business website even gets 100k page views per month (similarly, 1000-1500 visitors per day), and we definitely don't consider that a triumph. I'm not begrudging him success with Truemors. I, unlike a lot of folks here, think very highly of Kawasaki. I found his books inspiring and occasionally educational, and his Art of the Start presentation is awesome. But I think it's too early to call it a success at 150k page views per month...the 250k users thing doesn't quite gibe with the 150k page views...that would mean that almost no one EVER comes back to Truemors after their first visit, which is a very bad thing. Heheheh! Much better suggestion. Maybe I could make Chrysler profitable. I've got forty-one crisp American dollars in my wallet. Who do I talk to? ;-) If you let it coast, it will never go anywhere great. Only you can determine if it is a big enough opportunity to be worth pursuing (I draw the line, and VC level investors tend to draw the line, at $100m/year potential...your line may be much lower or higher). I suspect time management can be a pretty big business--particularly if you take your strength in that one niche and then mix it up with related products six months or a year from now (what those related products are is up to you to determine...email-related time management products seems a good place to start groping around, since there is a large and growing population that uses email as their todo list, among other things). If money will enable you to compete more effectively, then you should raise money. If you're this uncertain about the market size, and how big you think you can be in it, start with a small investment. $50k, $100k, along those lines can be raised pretty painlessly with a good demo and presentation. Your site looks awesome, so if enough of it works to pull together a great demo, then you can raise money. But, if development is what you want, you might want to bring in a co-founder...a great coder costs more than a small investment will buy, but equity in a great idea can buy great developers. You seem quite capable of holding up your end of the bargain, so you should have hackers knocking on your door...just pick the smartest of them, and run this idea up the flagpole. (You might still want to raise money, but not so much for development.) Banks are for houses and sometimes cars. They might be for restaurants and brick-and-mortar businesses, but I don't think it's a wise idea, since those also fail. They are not for technology startup companies, and not just because they don't want to loan you money. There are angels who will give you convertible debt at reasonable terms, if they like what you're doing. But, it's probably wise to give up a little equity to get someone with some money savvy working towards your success, and that's one of the benefits of raising money from investors that work with tech startups. In short: Banks don't want you, and you don't want them. Debt is bad for you. The Book of Webmin. It was published by No Starch Press in 2003, sold modestly (but got lots of readers on the web, too). It's now been combined with Jamie Cameron's book about Webmin (which was published in the same year) to form a wiki at http://doxfer.com/Webmin The most convincing part of his statement is "works everywhere, from PC to mobile device". I think that's where we'll see a marked divergence between 2.0 and 3.0. There's a few bits and pieces of it happening already, with Twitter and the Google Maps and gmail, etc. As the devices get closer to the capabilities of a "real" browser, and developer begin to pay more attention to those ~8 billion devices, a whole new world will open up. It is tricky, but it's also satisfying. Customers of Open Source based businesses demand a lot more, too, which is both a blessing and curse. On the one hand, they feel more entitled, but they're likewise more willing to be involved in solving the problem because they have some ownership by being part of the "community". So our customers file bugs or post to the forum, just like users of the Open Source product do, rather than call us on the phone...the culture allows us to support it in the most efficient way rather than the traditional but horribly time inefficient way (the first time you find yourself describing that "slash" and "backslash" are different characters, and that "slash" is the one they want for paths on UNIX and Linux systems is the beginning of wisdom on how inefficient telephone is for support on a system administration product). We're in agreement on how scarcity fits into the equation--people simply pay more if they can't get it any other way. When asked to put a fair price on the new Virtualmin Professional in the early days, for example, some of our FOSS users suggested unsustainably low pricing, a quarter or less what competitors were charging for less functionality. We ignored those folks, and took the advice of the people who were wanting to escape from the existing products in the field, and were willing to pay similar prices--they just wanted a better product. These days, nobody complains about the price. They're accustomed to paying for Virtualmin Professional now, and have begun to think of it as a separate product in its own right. It has acquired scarcity that it didn't have in the beginning when it was only theoretical and the OSS version was what they knew. ;-) Actually, the "negotiation" is proving what you're worth. If, when you come in, you're relatively far along, have a really compelling demo, you can prove a huge market, etc...you'll get a better valuation. The differences are small, but they do give somewhat different offers to different groups. And, of course, you can still say no when pg calls to give you the terms. But, do take pity on pg--he's frazzled on that day. He calls everybody personally. I was impressed by how nice he managed to stay through the whole process (and even moreso now that I've seen first-hand how crowded pg's life is with people who want to be around him). We went in knowing that we'd say "no" if the offer involved more than 6% equity...but it rarely does, so that wasn't a big concern. We're glad we weren't one of the "no" groups. Postfix (managed by Virtualmin and Webmin, of course). Thanks. We're loving those two, as well (actually, though it's hard to say just yet, those are probably our top two choices right now). Nice to know. I hadn't heard of that before. While it looks like a pretty high caliber bunch of designers frequent the site and contribute to the contests, the actual infrastructure for running the contests is not nearly as nice as what SitePoint has. SitePoint used to be "just a forum", but they've put a lot of thought and effort into the contests application--it works really well. Some of those are good! Do they only do PhotoShop, or is vector and option? $30 at SitePoint, plus they offer extra options. We opted not to do anything extra, and instead put all of the money into the prize ($500 in this case, which made it the highest logo prize on the site at the time). Good to know. We'll keep it in mind for future work. We're not at all dissatisfied with our SitePoint experience, though. At least a quarter of the entries are top of the line professional work, and we're now fighting it out to figure out which one is our favorite--not because there aren't enough good entries, but because there are too many really good ones to choose from. It's a good thing it's ending today, as we got our first goatse entry today... http://inthebox.webmin.com/its-just-not-a-contest-until-you-... When I was his age, I was playing in a hard core industrial metal band (and then only when it was convenient), working part time in the video room at a television station, and sometimes taking classes at community college. He's done all right. My favorite feature is "i", followed by ":w". We're doing Adwords, plus a couple of other pay-per-click services. We spend about $500/month with Adwords, and haven't had trouble finding keywords to sit on for about $2-$3 (we avoid competing with our customers for keyword placement, which rules out a large pile of really expensive hosting-related terms)...keywords are expensive and getting moreso from adwords, so I'm putting most new spending on other options. AdBrite is pretty good. You can buy full-time placement on quite a few sites, which is probably better for long-term effectiveness and brand awareness than per-click...I'm experimenting with that now. Sometimes it turns out really expensive though--I picked a few design-related sites, thinking web designers are also often webmasters, but so far, I've paid like $23 per click from one of them (from about 100k impressions)...I still have some time left on the ad, so it could drop a bit more as the ad has time to work, but I'm thinking I'll pick the best performers from the CPC ad list to buy full-time placement on in the future, rather than guessing about what fits. TextLinkAds are too expensive and are kind of iffy on the "don't irritate your potential customers" scale, so I've signed up, but haven't bought any links yet. Our best marketing tools are our various informational websites--we get 50% of our clicks from our Open Source project website, and another 10% from our documentation wiki (which contains our two published books on the topic of our Open Source project and gets quite a lot of traffic). One interesting thing to note: Adwords clicks are stickier than any of the other types. Folks stick around for nearly 5 pages after finding us through Google Adwords, while Adbrite clicks stay an average of 2 pages (though some are better--very closely related pages tend to produce much better stickiness), and the other sources are somewhere in between. So, I suspect Adwords clicks are better qualified than those from the other sources, and thus worth more. Of course, if you can't find keywords that you can competitively spend on, then you can't really make good use of Adwords. But, I'm surprised. I've used Adwords in two fields that were pretty competitive (in my previous business I was butting heads on one side with CDNs, and on the other with various types of server appliance vendors and proxy software vendors...while my current business sits along-side the highly competitive hosting industry, which has some of the highest per-click rates that I'm aware of), and never had trouble finding some less trodden territory to live in. Are you sure you're not going overly broad or trying to buy ads that would better serve your business partners or your customers? You obviously want to sit on the same spots as your competitors, if you can afford it, plus if you can come up with some alternatives (like for people who don't know what your product is normally called but know what they want to accomplish) that's a good way to capture customers that no one else has first access to. So, it really depends on your industry, how wide a range of keywords would be useful to you, and whether you've got to fight with a dozen other companies or just one or two. And, of course, Adwords is not the only kind of marketing that exists. It's just the easiest. You can advertise in all sorts of strange places--just figure out where your customers go, what they read, etc. and get your ads into those places via whatever means necessary. BTW-Google's syndication network is a huge ripoff, in general. Do not let them run your ads on the whole network (it's enabled by default). It was eating our budget in a few hours each day for worthless clicks, and leaving no money for far higher quality clicks from the search engine results. We've got two boxes at The Planet, and we're planning a box at RackSpace, and probably an Accelerator from Joyent. A lot of the guys I know from YC use the following hosts and said at least a few good things about them: Joyent/TextDrive Rails Machine Amazone EC2 (though I also hear a lot of reliability complaints) Rimu Slice There is no major concensus on the best. I've been using The Planet and RackSpace, or the cheaper ServerBeach offering from the RackSpace folks, for many years and have never had any complaints. Service is good and reliable, prices are fair (RackSpace is a wee bit pricier, but they provide good service and reliability). I'm pretty sure it's a severely limited resource. That's a pretty nifty idea. I frequently use email as my todo list (though I really shouldn't...I've been trying to do the email zero thing, but I'm back up to 1000 or so messages in my box again, two weeks after starting). I talked around this question. Not on purpose...I was just in a hurry and ended up misinterpreting it as something along the lines of, "what do you need your startup to be doing in three months", or something (I dunno what I was thinking...but my answer kinda makes sense in that context). We got to the interview, anyway. So, I don't think any one question is going to kill your chances. Show that you know how to think about the value of your business idea, that you have the capacity to build your idea, and that you are willing to build it. Everything else is gravy. I suspect clear and concise sentences go very far, as well. I didn't know about TB-QuickMove, but have wanted that capability forever. Thanks! The Jessica Alba instantiation feature of EC2 must be new since I last read the docs. What's the API call for that? OK, I think you're missing the point of the "the idea doesn't matter much at this stage" assertion by pg. I'm not the keeper of pg's mind on this stuff, of course, but I'm pretty certain that pg and Co. would like to know that you are capable of having good ideas--even if it later proves to be unworkable, unmarketable, or otherwise wrong. Having no ideas at all is probably a danger sign. You have to be able to recognize problems in order to solve them...so if you can't think of a single problem in the world today that needs solving that the skill set of your team would be uniquely qualified to solve, then you're probably not quite ready to do a startup. You clearly haven't seen enough of the real work world, if you can't think back on a hundred and one things that you or coworkers did in inefficient ways because there was no good alternative. The note about the idea being fungible is just that--it's early, and you may end up changing your idea through the program, or YC might say, "This is stupid, but you seem pretty smart, anyway...how about we sit down and come up with something else?" YC wants you to be hungry _and_ smart. In short: If you want into YC, I'm pretty certain you should find some kind of idea. Ah, yes. Now that you mention it, I remember it clearly (OK, not really clearly, but I do remember it). Of course, that makes me wonder how much can be gleaned from the application without an idea. But pg knows his business far better than I do. I settled on Mountain View, and have been happy with the choice. The downtown, despite aspersions on its character by alaskamiller, is actually quite nice. More Asian food than you can shake a stick at (some of it very good), a couple of great little Asian markets (I just got back from one of them, where I bought everything I needed for a good vegetable soup, some Jasmine green tea, and some nice looking apples for cheap). Having shopping, and especially restaurants, within easy walking distance is now my primary concern in choosing where to live. I'm renting a house a few blocks from Castro St., and I like the whole town quite a lot. It's not San Francisco, and right now, that's probably good--I would go to rock shows three or four times a week if I could walk to the club. I've got work to do right now, and don't need the distraction. Presumably, if you're starting up, you also have work to do. That said, being around other startups has value, too. The YC guys often get together in the city, and I'd love to go, but I rarely have a car handy (and I hate driving/parking in the city, anyway). If I lived nearby, I'd walk, or catch a bus. But taking the train (which stops running at a ridiculously early hour) from here to there isn't an option. Once things are spinning nicely, I'll probably move to the city, or possibly back to Austin. People always think I'm saying "virtualmen.com"...Quite different, but possibly also valid, business model. Two things sprung to mind: They finally got a good designer. Are they still using their custom C++ web application framework for building websites? (Which was answered in the negative by revolvingcur's comment, since he got a PHP error. At least they're moving up the abstraction curve somewhat.) We are using extjs in our next UI version...the widgets are awesome. The docs are sometimes a bit terse. The examples are usually contrived in ways that completely avoid real world requirements...which often turn out to be quite complex to get working. Stuff like setting the selected item in a combo box that is generated via a JSON object takes several steps, and pre-loading a TreeMenu is laughably complex. It often feels like the goal was to make as much as possible load on-demand, with no possibility to use those widgets without the lazy-loading features...which makes it much slower to use in every use case I can imagine...we wrote our own tree menu that loads all items in one go instead of fighting with it anymore. Also, sometimes things change pretty dramatically between versions. But it's the best thing we've found for our needs. It looks great, runs fast, and the developers offer reasonable commercial support. It just gets better every time I visit. No, no, you missed the good bits if you only stayed for 10 seconds. That was awesome. Joyent Accelerators ( http://www.joyent.com ) are flexible, and they're the "official" Ruby on Rails host. They also happen to offer the best control panel (Virtualmin, of course). The only negative might be that Accelerators are Solaris systems--I don't have any complaints about that, but if you're accustomed to Linux, it might be a bit of a learning curve. Slicehost ( http://www.slicehost.com ) has a good reputation. Their Xen systems are not over-subscribed and they know their business. Media Temple ( http://www.mediatemple.com ) had a good reputation until recently...but I'm sure it was a temporary setback. They're technically savvy. They're using a kind of quirky virtualization layer (Virtuozzo) which, when over-subscribed even a little bit (and sometimes even when not), exhibits serious memory issues. Gridzones ( http://www.gridzones.com ) is another Solaris zones based host, and they have some reasonable plans. It's a smaller shop, so probably gives more personal service. Tell Phil that Joe from Virtualmin sent you (I dunno if it'll get you a discount, but he'll be happy to hear from you). They start at $15, which is hard to beat (you probably want more space than that, though...). They're also Virtualmin friendly, when appropriate (i.e. when you have enough space/memory for full service hosting). If you're wanting to spend a little more, The Planet and Server Beach both offer dedicated boxes starting at around $69, I think. I've used both for years with very few complaints. My assumption is that it is for read only access to specific tables, which is perfectly sensible and safe. This is quite a brilliant little idea. A couple of years ago I was involved in a newspaper project (Boston.com) that used Squid with ESI to build the page from disparate Zope backend servers, and it resolved quite a lot of problems--like being able to have a fast and database-less server in the front that could make decisions about which backend servers to draw from based on the required content. The backend servers then didn't need full copies of the database, because they would only ever be asked for content they were authoritative for. DBSlayer takes the web server and the proxy server out of the picture, and puts the site building burden (to some degree) on the client. It could, theoretically, also make decisions about which database to query, such that the memory caches on the database servers will always be primed with the content that the database is authoritative for. The comments so far seem concerned about security...but DBSlayer wouldn't need write access, or access to all tables. It could simply be a read-only window into some tables. I guess that's a foreign notion to folks who do everything in one process, which has to have write access...but it's one of the aspects of proper databases that makes them useful in large scale deployments. They split them up for an initial run through, and then all of them read the good ones, I think. pg is definitely not the only one reading the application. "You copied and pasted into MS Word so that you can do a word count on your answers." You're doin' it wrong! "From the lack of authentication I would guess that they don't call it directly from the client" I don't see how lack of authentication has anything to do with requests coming directly from the client. Do you make people authenticate before they can read your website? The question, though, is how does one add API calls to Justin, and, more importantly, Justine...this is not a trivial FFI problem. Somebody help this man...I think he may be dying from a lack of humor (or maybe I'm not nearly as funny as I think I am...that's also possible). We're doing some business with Chinese companies. We recently added Chinese translations to a pretty big chunk of our product, but it's still a long way from being a comprehensive answer for Chinese customers--so it's only a few technically savvy hosting providers that are using our stuff. But, after the US and Europe (French being the most popular non-English language, so far), it's where we spend most of our internationalization efforts. I'd be curious how folks reach the Chinese market in a reasonable way and on a small scale. Our current Chinese customers found us, but since we don't speak Mandarin, we have no capacity to reach out and find new ones. No biggie. I lose my Google WiFi here in Mountain View a couple of times a day for a few minutes, sometimes more--it's my enforced break time. I take the dog for a walk or go have a bubble tea at Verde. When I get back, WiFi is back, and I'm refreshed and thinking more clearly. Of course, on the occasions when it's gone down for more than a few hours, I get twitchy and nothing gets done. So, I guess a long-term power outage would be dramatic. My book was written using Docbook SGML with a LaTeX based processing chain and custom style sheets. The publisher ended up importing from the HTML version (the least pleasant of all of the output formats) into Word documents with their custom tags, so it kind of lost some of the magic. Eventually I ported it to Docbook XML and moving to RenderX XEP for processing, in order to get better (by some definition of better--mainly just better maintained stylesheets, and the tools seemed to handle the length of my book better) PDF output. Now it's in a wiki at http://doxfer.com/Webmin and I probably won't be back to LaTeX for that particular project. I do keep coming back to it, though, out of curiosity, every time I read Knuth. From RubyOnRails.org, at the bottom of the front page: "If you need hosting, Joyent is the official Ruby on Rails host, offering fantastic plans with a knowledgeable staff. Whether you need shared or dedicated hosting, these guys are experts in Ruby on Rails. For alternatives, see the wiki for a full list of Rails web hosts." Not sure how much more obvious, or less of a WTF, that could possibly be. Prince is not all that much more than XEP, I don't think. But, XEP was the first commercial product I tried (after giving up on FOP, since it could only process about 80 pages before crapping out)...it worked great, I paid them $300 or $400 (I don't recall exactly), and got back to work. I have never tried Prince. I probably won't do another book in Docbook, though I don't know what I'll replace it with, since I generally hate WYSIWYG word processors. I'll probably end up writing in markdown in vim. ;-) I'm not entirely sure they look at referenced URLs. They were seemingly entirely taken by surprise that we were launched and had paying customers when we arrived in Boston for the interview and had a demo to show. (But, maybe they'd just forgotten, based on the fact that they'd seen 300-400 applications, and probably at least half as many websites.) Which brings up the advice I've given to folks that I've talked to about getting to the interview: Demo early. We only had a couple of minutes to demo, after running through everyone's questions...and it was almost certainly only on the strength of the demo that we got the yes. I got a Commodore 64 in '82 when I was eight, with disk drive and dot matrix printer. By the time I was 12 I was going to garage sales with my mom (an antique dealer), buying old broken C64s and other machines of the era (by high school I'd already owned several Spectrums, an Apple Lisa, many TRS-80s, a Coleco Adam, a Commodore Plus 4, and other assorted weirdness), and fixing them for resale (fixing computers back then meant soldering iron and a meter and lots of trial and error). So, my first business sprang from my experience with my first computer. I also ran a BBS on my C64 through middle school and early high school. So, it gave me experience with computer networks, too. ;-) I also loved Soul of a New Machine. Fantastic story, and reading it back in 97 or 98 lead me to research and buy Data General stock, which turned out well when they were acquired by EMC. TextDrive == Joyent. They were acquired a couple of years ago (or more). The founders of TextDrive are still involved, as far as I know (we still deal with the same folks we always have, though there's a new tech or two that we talk to). I see a trend: "Who will market for us?" The missing answer to this is the thing you're doing wrong. You! In a startup, you do everything. If you aren't willing and able (or willing to become able through self-education or taking classes), then you shouldn't be in a startup...or you need to partner with a person who is capable of and willing to do the things you can't or won't do. It's that simple. You have to build a team that answers every need in a business--and those needs are many. Some things can be removed from your plate with money, if you have some money. Some things can be put off until you have money. But some things, like getting customers, are absolutely vital. If you can't make something and get it into the hands of people that want it, you haven't done your job. Also, you seem to like picking business ideas where you have no history and where having a history could make you far more successful in a shorter time. I once knew some folks who started a company that did water table surveys for city and state governments and they built an interesting business with two guys and a few contractors and no money up front. How did they get into something like that? Interestingly, they came in sideways...they had been in the oil and gas industry as drilling site managers (e.g. a non-technical management field), and many of the same geophysicists they had worked with in that industry worked in the water table business, as well. They had the in they needed to bump them into a multi-million dollar business without needing years to build a reputation (they had spent the years building a reputation working on oil platforms and in deserts and other crappy places). If you want to be in windmills, you ought to work in the alternative energy industry...it'll teach you what those customers want, how it is currently delivered, and give you some ideas for making it better. The thing about most companies that YC deals with, is that they are picking a problem that's new enough to have no established players, and requires very little money to start. That's a model that anyone in your shoes ought to consider, regardless of YC involvement. Windmills aint it. CMS aint it (though some niche markets in that area might be). Lyrics to hindi songs...if you need VC funding for that, you're not thinking about the problem in the right way...that's just not a VC kind of business. Another problem I'm seeing is: You need an idea that you can commit to. Find something you really believe in, and do it (or join the team that is doing it). It sounds like Try 8 is still-born already. When you start using phrases like "waste more time on", then you can be pretty sure you have an idea you don't believe in. If you don't believe in it, how the hell do you think you're going to convince customers and investors to believe in it? You mean it could take 8 whole weeks? That's like...two months! We could all be dead by then. I'm obviously from an older school of thought. I plan on giving an idea two years...if it's not good enough to justify that, then it's not worth any of my time. Backup is such an easy/hard problem (easy to do, hard to do right), that I'd probably be afraid to tackle it. I'll have to check out tarsnap. Sounds neat. It's like nerd summer camp all year round out here, isn't it? (I came from Austin, which is pretty nerd-friendly, but the valley is just silly.) Your bad Google recruiter experience wasn't that unusual. Just wanted to chime in that Roundup and trac are extensible with regards to fields, as well as actions. Both have a pretty good API, as well. We had it running fine under FastCGI, as well as mod_python for a few quite large projects and about 30 active developers (and a few dozen moderately active users). Speed wasn't a problem in either of those modes, but I recall that when it was straight CGI or using it's own server it was close to unusable. I always did IT consulting, when I needed some spare cash. Serious Linux nerds are in high demand and low availability almost everywhere I've ever lived. But, if you're not well-equipped for IT, that might not be the way to go. Tech support is also the highest stress technical career (there was a study about it a couple of years ago, and if I weren't lazy I'd look it up), so you don't want to do it for long if you haven't the patience of Job. But billing $100/hour is not at all difficult, so you only have to work three or four days a month to scrape by...don't underestimate the time spent on paperwork and such, though...some companies make you work an extra day for every couple of days you work, in dealing with expense forms and other assorted crap. I much preferred working for small companies, where one person made the decisions and when he or she said to the accountant, "Write Joe a check", it would be in my hand before I walked out the door. But, IT has the advantage that you're generally working on small jobs--things that can be fixed in a few days, or a couple of weeks, tops. They are well-defined, like, "We need to move our web servers to a new data center", or "our mail server isn't filtering spam and it's letting viruses through". You know when you're done with this kind of project, generally. That said, startups are kinda like a marriage. Having a little something on the side isn't likely to turn out good for the startup. Have you considered raising a little money to get you to launch and revenues? Unless you're offering Jeopardy style prizes (or at least something worth paying attention to), I don't see how you'd get particularly well qualified answers in a short time period. Expertise isn't cheap, and expertise on call is downright expensive (when I was a consultant I charged an annual service fee just for the privilege of calling my cell phone number outside of business hours)...so if someone can make $100+/hour consulting with their expertise, or make $10 every few hours via your service, they're obviously going to spend more time consulting than sitting in front of their mailbox waiting for questions that match their expertise. I'm not saying it can't be done effectively and profitably--it probably can. We used SitePoint for a logo contest recently and had a half dozen professional designers, and another couple dozen serious amateurs, who responded over the course of 10 days...the prize was $500, though, so not chump change. We were extremely happy with the resulting logo, and we all (designers included) had a lot of fun with the contest. But you might consider focusing on a few niches to get started, and actually line up experts on retainer just to prove to people that you have a working system (we've seen Google, Yahoo, and a dozen also-rans come and go in this field...most people are not going to believe that a startup can make something work that all of the big names in internet tech have failed to deliver). I believe you're going to have to prove it, but I might be wrong...maybe you can just let it run and gather momentum slowly. The other problem is that most of the high end questions and answers I've seen (the ones where you'll make your money) on similar services have been extremely vague and, in result, poorly answered. I got a strong feeling that the questioner probably wasn't going to be very satisfied with the answers. Quality is historically very low from these kinds of services, and it's hard for me to imagine how you'd solve that problem without a lot of (expensive) oversight.