byrenesreview basically answered below where he said at least half of hedge funds and traders use Excel. Thing is, hedge funds, quants in general will be way more likely to use real modelling software than everybody else, so byrne's experience of them using anything but Excel is skewed. In I-banking, Private Equity, management consulting, the financial industry generally, Excel is king. If you look at BankersBall they have a tab for excel tricks. Dealmaven got bought for $14m recently, and their product (apart from the bootcamp, which obviously doesn't scale) was a financial modelling package, or rather, training in modelling, along with macros, shortcuts and a manual for Excel, as it's used in finance (really very good training in modelling, as you'd expect from a firm with a Wharton prof on board) China's non-democratic system means it invests in infrastructure before other more immediately demanded things. I think it has a better education system from primary to secondary, as outside of Kerala a lot of teachers are habitually absent. India has higher barriers to entry in damn near everything because of the "Licence Raj" and insane employment legislation. Its almost impossible to fire people once your enterprise has more than 100 employees. China has been experiencing the demographic dividend (falling birthrate means the dependency ratio drops, and you get a bulgein the population pyramid in the working age population, more taxes, fewer pensions and childcare) Hey, will your mate take an English speaker with no intention of working legally, who doesn't want to pay tax, with no intention of staying longer than a year? That is one lousy article. It's too short, and doesn't come with enough provisos. I agree with the spirit of what he's saying, but for crying out loud, people are expensive to train, and lots of them turn out useless anyway. I'm sure there are many, many fields where Trojan work and a determination not to give up will get you very far if you get a little luck and grab it for all it's worth, but you have to be up to hammering your head at that wall until it breaks, and in some fields the wall ain't breaking (mostly due to licenture issues) A friend took three years to get into video games programming after building a substantial portfolio, getting business experience and doing a Masters that's stupidly competitive to get into, after getting his CS/IT degree. If you're that bloody minded, sure you can make it, but don't put down the people who turn you down when you're an unknown quantity. Look at your situation with cold eyes, not fake optimism and opinions of your worth and capability. http://www.smallparty.org/yoram/quantum/ Quantam Microeconomics by Yoram Bauman "The basic text, Quantum Microeconomics, is intended for use in introductory classes. A calculus-based version (unimaginatively titled Quantum Microeconomics with Calculus) is available for intermediate courses or math-intensive introductory courses, but it is much less polished. Both versions are covered by a Creative Commons license that establishes simple guidelines under which you (or anyone else) can freely use and/or modify the text for non-commercial purposes." There can be great value in personal interaction. I agree that big lectures like described should and will die off. However, the fastest way to learn anything is to have a series of conversations with an expert. (I guess that could still be reproduced by videochat or something...) I understand this has long been the model in many UK schools. The long conversations with an expert are purely an Oxbridge thing, it costs waaay too much to do that for it to be worthwhile for students with less potential/no tradition of doing so. The author said he'd read Vom Kriege, which is Clausewitz's "On War" I love Freakonomics, it's a large part of the reason I'm studying economics but that chapter is a catastrophic pile of wrong. Two articles picking it to pieces http://www.bos.frb.org/economic/wp/wp2005/wp0515.pdf http://islandia.law.yale.edu/donohue/Joyce%20%282004%29.pdf ) In Ireland and Britain college = university. I believe the US has a ~distinction that a college is an undergraduate institution, which may or may not be part of a university, but the rest of the Anglosphere follows British usage in that a college is post secondary school though it may not be degree granting, like the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. The US IRS claims a right on your income for ten years after you renounce citizenship, which given the hoops you have to jump through to renounce US citizenship is a bit rich. Why would you want to take both? It would seem to me that if people are approaching you asking to invest you're in a fantastic position. The money they're offering seems (Q2 2010) to be more than the standard YC offer but what you're getting there is (mentorship + community + brand + Demo Day + MONEY) whereas all you're guaranteed from the Angel/Seed Fund is money. You will more than likely get mentorship as well but the community and brand are not availabler outside YC. It sounds like you're being offered ~double YC standard investment, but how much stock your potential investors want is not mentioned. You're obviously in a good position with people looking to invest in you already but why would YC take on the pain of having others in on the round with them on anything resembling an equal basis unless they think you're so fantastic a bet that they'd be fools not to take it, like when Sequoia and Kleiner (bastards who invest in patent trolls) Perkins went in together on Google, which didn't need the money? Don't allocate it to the shareholders at all. Allocate it to the executives. Arnold Kling got there first with a proposal that institutions that are obviously "too big to fail" and as such have a government guarantee should be bound by a spirit-of-the-law (S)contract, rather than the letter. "I would like to see managers of government-protected institutions take an oath to safeguard the soundness of their companies. I would like to see them subjected to prison terms for violating that oath. The oath is a general promise, not satisfied simply by staying within the boundaries of L regulation. I believe that S regulation would change the motives of bank managers. They would be looking for ways to avoid failure, rather than for ways to stay within the letter of the law." http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2008/11/letter_of_law_s.... Once a year, my management team sits down, reviews every employee's work, and recalculates every employee's level. There's your incentive, besides profit sharing[1], to buckle down and work hard. Besides, if Joel & co. have an eye on market wages through use of glassdoor, they're not going to get very far out of line in the course of a single year. [1] This works at the size Fog Creek is now, but somewhere around 100-120 employees it breaks, because you nobody has a good feel for how individual productivity feeds into company productivity, and it turns into politics. Good god yes. Never mind the UK, Europe needs a proper YC clone, and if one gets significant traction anywhere in the EU/EFTA it'll have the same kind of advantage in that space as YC does in the US, i.e. first pick. A good YC clone would be fantastic but (as the sainted pg says, pbuh) angels are the limiting factor. YC Edinburgh would be fantastic and given time might be sufficient to build a proper startup hub, but if some entity ponies up the cash for the "buy a Silicon Valley" plan, you're crushed. Even aside from that a substantial portion of any Scottish clone's rounds would end up in London. Dragon's Den Pro- They decide very quickly. Con- The expertise is not there, so they will say yes seldom. Seedcamp They're later stage than YC. Good and all but you need a let a thousand flowers bloom thing. Prince's Trust/Government grants Pro- Lots of money Con- The anti-angel. Not an entrepreneurial bone in their bodies, must fill out forms and justify why the money went to this company rather than that one. Can you imagine an agent with more perfectly misaligned incentives? They have no upside if their investment decision goes right, and probably no downside either. People in those kind of jobs very rarely get fired. Coda: Yeurope appears to be moribund, so the spot is open again. Their website hasn't been updated in ages and has advanced linkrot. Very true. But the UK does have founders, startups and money. Not nearly as much as the US, and no cluster approaching the valley, but the network is a surmountable problem. One could probably get government sponsorship for a regular meetup/conference with speaker honoraria, etc. This would go some way to fixing this problem. Not all the way, but it'd be a start. jlees is looking at this from a Scottish perspective, so maybe getting Scottish Enterprise to sponsor monthly Techcrunch UK shindigs in Edinburgh would be an idea. Again, Scotland suffers the substantial disadvantage of not being London, or within the Golden Triangle. If I were attempting this I'd probably go to one of the Science Enterprise Centres at various UK universities, and attempt to get them to host a monthly meetup, get them to do it in co-operation with the Business School. Again, London would be best. I was just noting davidw's point on the speakers, the network. If U. Edinburgh can get speakers over from the valley on a semi-regular basis this isn't that big a problem. Yet again, London's better because the number of cool intersting people passing through will be orders of magnitude higher so you can piggy-back off of that, more and better speaker opportunities. But your point is well taken, meetups are not a big problem, and the lack of them is relatively easy to overcome. A proper YC clone probably requires (a)Angels, plural, successful ones, with personal experience of startups (b)20-50K per round, so assuming 2 rounds a year, and three years to get some form so others will back you thereafter, ~120K min. I think that's it, and if you're lucky you could get away with less. Here, government might be useful. 60K isn't chickenfeed but it is doable in grant aid. If you could find someone willing to pony up 60K, you could get matching funds from a local authority somewhere in the UK, or from one of the enterprise incubators. Almost everyone who gives speeches on a (semi)regular basis will be used to some hostile questions at the end, and I really don't think you get to that level without being able to defend your ideas in other less formal contexts. Sure, the YC dinners are weekly, no-holds-barred, and have a select audience, but if you have a proper YC clone going you will be able to get speakers on a weekly basis. Probably not of the same quality, or with the same ease, but you can get speakers. The other points fall under All discussions follow Chatham House Rules South Korea is currently ~2.5% of global GDP, China ~6%. The UK is ~3.9%. South Korea is legitimately a big deal, and writing off that market would be dumb, by the most conservative estimate its the 16th biggest economy in the world, and its internet active population is waaay above trend, so its even more important for Google than that alone would suggest. Summary: Real programmers (not complimentary) don't document, don't maintain, always do things the hard way because that's the only way to get bragging rights, object strenuously to giving up even a little freedom in order to make it harder to make mistakes. Oldskool RPs programmed in hard things like assembler, which at least forced you to know your way around algorithims and memory management. The new breed do not have that saving grace. Commentary: It sounds like the difference between a Real Programmer and a good hacker is skill, documentation and math/data structures/algorithims. I can't remember which essay it was in but pg recommended always doing things the hard way because if it even occured to you to do things the hard way, it's probably because you can see a benefit from it already, and it makes it much harder for competitors to catch up if you do this consistently. Newspapers provide facts and opinion. The facts can't be copyrighted so anyone can repeat them. The opinion and the bias of any particular newspaper are noise not signal from the point of view of increasing the actual information you have. Its the internet killing the newspapers, by unbundling what most customers want; entertainment, celebrity gossip, sports reporting, from what "serious journalists" go into journalism hoping to do, investigative reporting, political reporting, policy analysis, etc. Most people don't give a damn about any of this, but the institution of the newspaper means the advertisers who pay the salaries of everybody on the newspaper get the (large) audience of people who buy the paper for gossip and sport and the (small) one who buy it for policy wonkery, so there's a cross-subsidy. There are also bloggers who are much better than the vast majority of what you'll see in the papers. The average quality is lower, but the sample size is enormously bigger, and the variance is really rather large so the opinion niche is also threatened. And some people will do it excellently for free. So the newspaper business model is dead. Facts can't be copyrighted, opinion is available for free, cross-subsidisation is no longer viable, and across the developed world the newspaper reading population is trending down. There are bright spots, like India, but most 1st world journalists are screwed. So an entire industry is thrashing around with two choices;(a) die (b) Find an alternative business model. As the biggest, most profitable pure play internet company, shaking Google down is a better choice than resigning oneself to death. As such if you're looking for someone to get mad at, someone to negotiate with as if they're the Internet, they're the best bet. Only 49 companies went public last year, the fewest since 1992, depriving venture firms of the source of 45 percent of revenue and 90 percent of profits, based on data from 2007. Japanese funds, which together manage 1.04 trillion yen ($10.6 billion), get more than twice as much revenue from IPOs as U.S. and European firms, according to Venture Enterprise. From 5 minutes googling the firms mentioned as the largest Japanese VC funds they appear to be more along the lines of exchange traded funds, or at leat they appear to be actual companies themsleves that are traded on a stock exchange, not something I think you can do in the US (SEC rules etc., must have mucho money to be an accredited investor) This means they can't go "Right, so we'll sit on our money for two years then" like a consistently profitable, but not Sequoia or Kleiner Perkins level fund could in the US. They're vulnerable to the stupidities of the quarterly results driven market, and could theoretically be bought up for market cap and the individual components sold off at a profit[1]. This screams money to be made to me. Not by me, unfortunately, but if someone had fluent Japanese and English and was enough of a hacker to do a proper appraisal on some of these companies could get together with someone with VC experience, IPO and M&A experience they could do an analysis on portfolio companies and make offers. Summary: With a Japanese-English bilingual team, Techs capable of doing technical due diligence, and finance people with domain expertise, assets could be bought for very good value. [1] I have no idea if this is likely to happen to any of these companies or not. It's mainly illustrative. Also, sometimes having a market cap lower than book value is sometimes correct. GM has been in that situation since the 70s. Medical and dental wages are high in large part due to licenture, same as lawyers. They all have guilds, where a union also certifies, so they limit supply to the benefit of incumbents and the detriment of potential entrants and clients. Address them by name every so often during the intrnoductory conversation. Look at them while repeating their name in your head. I want a credential. I learn on my time. I'm well aware that the learning from testing out is going to be minimal, but I'm not interested in these qualifications as an end in themselves, they're worthwhile as a credential filter. If you want to do a second entry degree these degrees would be fantastic. An MBA or an IR Masters does not actually cover material that requires an undergraduate degree (or a J.D. for that matter) so you're just avoiding wasting money. Also, Excelsior College is accredited by Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, so it is a degree, not a "degree". I'm perfectly capable of learning off my own bat, no doubt slower and with more wrong turns and wasted time than if I was in a small liberal arts college but that option is not available, so I read a great deal instead. You're right that I'm not as smart as you are but I am smart enough that the added value of attending lectures and tutorials in history over just having the reading list and access to a good library is minimal in my experience. My university is by no means bad. I see no reason in theory why the hard science degrees could not be awarded purely on the basis of a syllabus and examination, well Math anyway, Physics and Chemistry dependent on lab work. I'll join the chorus saying GED, community college, senior college. If you're a fellow Rightpodian, A-levels, then college. But... If it sucks drop out, if you don't want a post grad and you get a good job offer seriously consider taking it. As far as crippling social goes two things really help, hanging out with people like yourself who you can actually talk to, and serious alcohol abuse. I kid you not. The fastest periods of advancement in my social skills come down to alcohol. You make more mistakes, faster, which is the way to learn. Summary: Pay for those who haven't been fired roughly in line with trends of last 5-10 years. However many have been fired, ~3/4 at Citigroup for example. Some investors say that given the losses they have taken the banks should pay less than the historical norm of ~50% of profits. The executives say if they don't like it they can sell the stock. Because the USA has the appropiate level of paranoia. Grandfathers can continue to father children til they pass away, and we're not actually programmed to die, we're just not optimised for immorbidity. These two things are enough to explain grandfathers. Oh, and grandmothers as caregivers are unique to humans, or at least the menopause is, which is an adaptation for this care giving strategy. I'm not familiar with any other mammalian species with it. More or less agree, Okinawan-Americans don't have much higher life expectancy than your average Asian-American, which is probably due to lifestyle, but Donald pointed out ^ that extreme longevity appears to have a large genetic component. It's not a random choice. You're optimised for the spreading of your genes and if you spend resources on maintaining your body in perfect health and your competitor lets his body run down while spending those resources on progeny he wins on average. The old surviving to compete with the young would not make evolution fail. There are limited resources and competition for them so the ill adapted die, there's nothing in there that stops the old living on forever, and if organisms can't breed together they generally don't copulate (adaptation). Great^8 granddad might want to get it on with g^8 daughter, but she'll be uninterested because her adaptations will not see him as sexual, any more than we'd see a chimp. There is actually only one major family that are asexual the rotifers. Given that sex appears wasteful of energy, the fact that there is only one example of a lineage successful in geological time with asexuality is pretty strong evidence it's a good idea. For more, better, more clearly expressed, read Richard Dawkins. Under no circumstances read anything by Steven Jay Gould to learn biology. That's nice. What proportion of the population is mentally capable of the abstraction and symbolic logic necessary for science? Somewhere between forty and sixteen per cent and forty would really blow my mind. For the maintenance of our way of life we don't need scientists, we need engineers (not suggesting they're scientifically ignorant) Most people are way more interested in people than things so enthusiasm for science is limited to a subset of those capable of it. Sagan was only right if you're in the context of rebuilding after a disaster and if interested amateurs have much to offer we're probably all screwed. Summary: I do not like the fact that pay at investment banks for those who have not been fired is similar to 2007 levels. I shall neglect to mention that between half and three quarters of the people who used to work at these banks no longer do so. Given that banking's outsize paypackets are a product of the post 80's era, why are they returning after the biggest financial crisis in more than 60 years? Apparently it's as a reward for financial innovation. Bernanke's examples of good pieces of financial innovation, not so hot, huh? (1)Credit cards - not very new (2)Overdraft protection (3)Subprime loans No problem with people spening their money as they please, but the banks aren't private. Between nationalisations, guarantees and regulation the financial sector should be acting like public utilities. Interesting but wrong. He's bemoaning the fact that a B.A. serves the same screening purpose that a high school diploma did up until the late 60s, early 70s, the focus on college as a ticket to a decent job and hence a good standard of living. As motivation to improve he compares European secondary education to American, after being appalled at the idea that people are trying to recruit the bottom 40% of the intelligence distribution into college, where they will fail, but will pay money before they drop out. He fails to realise that he's almost certainly not seeing a random sample of the products of European secondary education. The main strengths of the Irish and British systems of secondary education, the only ones I'm vaguely familiar with, are the exit exams, which are brutal, anonymous and fair. They're also available in different gradations of difficulty (usually two, Higher and Ordinary, occasionally three for the subjects people just keep failing, add Foundation.) This means you can stream, and all results are comparable. No trying to compare an A from Podunk High School, west Virginia with one from Philips Exeter Academy. Industrial organisation Sorry if I'm being obtuse but are you making a profit from the average pirate? If you are making money despite them i'd imagine you'd be less sanguine, but if you're making money even from the pirates wouldn't it be in your long term interest to switch to free distribution to grow your user base much, much faster? Obviously the timing is an issue particularly if it'd leave you without much cushion, but shouldn't it be part of your strategy, because otherwise someone else will get there first in that niche and have the fast growth that could otherwise be yours (not necessarily sustainable but fast) Summary: ACLU has turned into a partisan left wing organisation. This is not exactly surprising, and fits Robert Conquest's Three Laws of Politics perfectly. 1.Everyone is conservative about what he knows best. 2.Any organization not explicitly right-wing sooner or later becomes left wing. 3.The simplest way to explain the behavior of any bureaucratic organization is to assume that it is controlled by a cabal of its enemies. How long ago was this? What was the Masters in? I know CS and Comp Ling Masters courses are taught mostly to entirely in English, and it's not hard to find physical science Masters through English in German speaking countries. The Nordic countries ditto, but for humanities degrees as well. Modafinil. Much, much better than coffee. You're just awake, not wired or jittery, just awake and alert. Very little in the way of side effects, doesn't interfere with getting to sleep and no contraindications for long term use either (ttbomk). I can personally recommend sleep sometime in the middle of the day too, a nap when you get home maybe. Best of luck. Summary: There are a ton of sites based on helping students study/cram for college. Some professors don't like it because they can't reuse the exact same questions over and over again every year. Others think it's more or less an extension of a study group, and if there's a problem with people just copypasting answers and such it can be got around by placing less weight on assignments/homework and more on exams, where they really do test just what you actually know. /summons lawyer Apparently one of the sites Cramster, offers worked solutions for even numbered problems (free) and odd numbered (pay $9.95 a month unless you add content yourself) This seems legally dubious to me, on the basis that it's derivative work, like fanfic, so I imagine if one of the big university presses or publishing houses went after them they'd have to pull all that. 1. The average HN reader/commenter is way nerdier than is normal and some late comers to the party that is social skills get aggressive about it. If I can overcome my (para) Asperger's so should you! But it sounds like you're one of those people who are of intersection partyer/social animal & nerd (one interested in knowledge for its own sake) 2. And they don't hang out with people of normal intelligence much. Otherwise they'd know they were smarter than average. [This is not a value judgement on someone's worth as a human being, just on whether they're interesting to talk to on an ongoing basis, or only a few times with interestingness decreasing] 3. I think your problem is not hanging around with smart people. That's it. Occasionally abrasive, intelligent, talkative, argumentative, smart people. Hanging out with people you have to watch yourself with, who you have to consciously tailor your behaviour to is a chore. 4. [asshole] Give me a break. Generalisations work statistically, that's why you've noticed them. If you develop an individual relationship with someone, sure, relate to them as a person, but stupidly huge amounts of human interaction and behaviour can be modelled and gamed if you want to put the time and effort in to learn and apply it. You're over correcting because the cant says that everyone is a special unique snowflake and your experience tells you that's not true but it's not socially acceptable to say that kind of thing. Be more confident in your own experiences [/asshole] 5. Yes, it is, just not with people who get all huffy about this stuff. 6. Hey, if you can get along with everybody at the party even when you've got vanishingly little in common with them, maybe you can go for something where that's useful professionally. Personally I recommend heading to the real big city and hanging out with intellectual peers with a similarly ridiculous range of interests. They might not know what you're talking about but they'll be able to ask intelligent questions, and they'll want to and you'll be able to do the same with them. No, but it is undergoing domain loss. Dialects with their very own army and navy don't disappear. I spend a bit of time in Germany and while I can't speak to phoneme shifts in German because I can't speak the damned language yet, there's pseudo-English all over the place in advertising, street signs, tourist info. But for the advertising really is pseudo-English and sometimes translations are pretty desperate. At the very, very least 10% of Germans have English good enough to hold an intelligent conversation in. ESR is putting too much weight on his personal experience. Most of the Germans I know are CS/Comp Ling or Psychology students and they use lots of English texts in their undergraduate courses and in the computery ones the Masters are all in English. But English is a domain specific language for them. But that's not a language shift. German's not going anywhere. Hell, German dialects aren't going anywhere, most of the Deutschsprecher countries are heavily diglossic, I'd be surprised if Denmark wasn't similar. I think the post could have been written about any of the Germanic languages and it'd be just as wrong. 2/3 of marriages that are the first for both partners end in death. Hey, if he wants leverage he could go live and work abroad for a while where a middle class US lifestyle is livin' it up. Also men's pulling power is a lot less dependent on looks than womens'. dayformaseeyon professseeyonel Don't know about most humans but it's probably the base state for pre-agriculatural humanity, so any ancestry group without long experience of agriculture will probably have higher levels of ADD. Northwestern has a two year J.D. programme. I forget the details but they have inter semester stuff for credit hours. IIRC they're really keen on work experience before letting you in though. Adam Smith Esq. had a good write up on it some time ago. You can practice in NY and possibly some other states with a UK or Irish law degree (undergrad, 3 or 4 years, cheaper). Yeah, but the modal number of copies sold on e.g. Lulu.com is 1 (repeating hearsay seen on 2blowhards.com, I'd check it out but posting from phone) that if you take enough small pseudo random samples, you'll get one far outside the norm eventually, by pure chance. Lots of finance, manufacturing, logistics wealth, trivial amounts of technology wealth (compared to Boston or the Valley.) The expertise isn't there and it has no incentive to move there when there are clusters that are massively more attractive by virtue of the historical forces and path dependence that gave the big clusters a critical mass of expertise and smart money. Is does not imply ought. This is almost certainly bad, over optimistic advice . If the idea of being a member of the professional class depresses you try shooting for the stars before going to college because that's what college is preparing you for. If you want to do the startup thing, surely the thing to do would be move to the Valley, do open source stuff, and just keep trying. Maybe you've heard of Coase's theorem? It's relevant to this discusion. Anyway, above a very small number you can't reliably value someone's true contributions, because there are feedback effects and problems of assymetric information. If you've heard of Dunbar's number that is probably teh absolute maximum anything remotely close to this could work at, and I'd actually be surprised at it working with more than 15 people. But that isn't a company (stocks) it's a partnership. BTW, good on you for doing an app, but the screen is too wide, there's no reason for the scroll bar along the bottom. Also the discussion link is pointless, no activity, no point. Add a highscore thing and ask people if they want to phone home when they get their personal high score. Others below have mentioned taking AP and SAT-2 tests to place out of requirements. Also worth looking up, DSST, CLEP and Excelsior College Exams. Iterating and improving really, really fast. I have nothing remotely resembling any real insight into this, but for something like a pure play internet startup where the barriers to entry are pretty small, it seems like app quality, luck and bloody-minded perseverance are probably the most important factors and you only have any real control over two of those. Web focused analysis follows Patents - This is obviously great if you can get it, but I'd say the space of possible startup ideas that are coverable by patents that enable you to exploit monopoly power is a lot smaller than the ones that don't. Copyrights - Well that'll stop someone stealing your name , but what else have you got? Maybe "look and feel" but even that pushes it. It also requires lawyers, which are well, expensive. Creating a Strong Brand - Requires you to have enough users who like you to use your product and get some buzz. Reduces to building a good product. Creating a Following _^_ Blog - That'll really help with your page rank in the beginning if you update regularly and is a way to build community but it doesn't really have anything to do with preventing knockoffs. If your stuff is good you'll get to the stage where the vast majority of your users aren't even aware you have a blog. PR & SEO - Worth doing only if you have something people will stick around for after they get to your site. You must have something there first. Making the Product Complicated - You mean having solutions to non trivial problems baked into your product? Now that raises the barriers to cloning substantially. And unless you're solving a Hard Problem that has no value proposition (which would be a kick in the teeth if you discovered that was what you'd done afterwards) you've made your product better. As has been mentioned by pg, if you're considering two ways of doing something, one of which is harder, the harder one is almost certainly teh one to go for, because you're only considering it because you know it's better . Trade Secrets - I was going to diss this one but it's actually among the best on the list, and is I think more or less the same as above. "If you're so smart why aren't you rich?" If you've got a metric with higher s/n than the VCs and seed firms have come up with, you have alpha, and that's always in demand. YC and its clones are a consequence of the history and development of the tech industry thus far. Without them, without the embedded cultural nous that's in the Valley, Boston the barriers would be even higher. You Spanish? In US English at the very least libertarian maps to anarcho-capitalist/classical relatively closely. Anarchist is almost always a synonym for anarcho-syndicalist. Because the contribution of medicine to lifespan and quality is dwarfed by cheap, easy and well understood tech like sanitation. Because education of similar quality can be delivered for half the cost (D.C. voucher programme cost a quarter) Because if you were aiming to help the most people possible with your money you sure as hell wouldn't be spending your money in any of the members of the OECD, never mind the USA. In the late Ottoman Empire ~3% of men had more than one wife. Keep in mind that the wife's legal position was better than in most of Europe too. In cultures where the husband is expected to support wives and progeny it gets expensive fast. OTOH there are a lot of places poorer than e.g. Saudi Arabia. In places where the father is further along the continuum to useless sperm donor, like W. Africa promiscuity and the prevalence of multiple concurrent sexual selationships makes it very different. Not really. European universities, many of them aren't that hard to get into, but the dropout rate rate is brutal. Streaming is a lot more institutionalised and certified, something the US could stand to emulate. That's a huge part of the difference right there. The top 60% are well served everywhere but the insistence in the US that everyone is potentially college material e.g. in CA the graduation standards are set on the basis of the admission standards for the UC system, set up for the top eighth of the secondary school graduates. Not wrong but misleading. Agriculture lead to a massive increase in effective population size and in selection parameters, some of which were very strong and sustained. The higher population means more mutations which means more raw material to work with in terms of potential beneficial mutations. As for recently selected alleles the canonical example is probaaly lactose tolerance. You can make a good case its behind the spread of the I-E language family. As another example alcohol tolerance, better tolerance for high starch diet and lower levels of ADD in populations with long histories of agriculture. Contrast recent hunter-gatherers like Oz aboriginies or 'nesians with Europeans or Chinese. Diabetes, alcoholism, poor educational outcomes because of the ADD and other things. AFAIK ADD is practically unknown among East Asians, subsistence rice farming and more than a millenium of civil service exams as social mobility would both select against it. Actually social mobility in the US is lower among the native born than in a whole swathe of other OECD countries, Israel, the UK, most of the Nordics IIRC. That's what you'd expect with a hirtory of rough meritocracy preceding the rest of the world and assortative mating. Ye've been "settling" longer so there'll be fewer people born into one social class who are wildly outside the norms for it. Standard provisos about statistics being a lot more useful talking about populations than individuals apply. Re:alcoholism, yes that was whajt I was trying to say, apologies if I was unclear. But as for fast genetic change 99% or so of Danes are lactose tolerant. Among Chinese less than 5. Agricultural populations will only have less variation than h-gs due to population bottlenecks or if a h-g variant is selected against in an agricultural environment. For a small effect gene assume a 1% higher survival rate. I'm not really up on the maths but with 10k years with 25 year generation time we have 400 generations. I think that's plenty of time to reach fixation. If I was at a computer instead of doing this at my phone I'd do it properly, but if you google the Hardy-Weinberg equation something useful should come up. As a thought experiment consider the polynesian migrations. Assume that given the longer distance between islands each migration event between islands culls thd weakest 20% so each new founder population has a higher mean muscle mass. That's a one generation selection a lot higher than 1%. With 5 such events it wouldn't surprise me if you moved 1or 2 standard deviations in the mean. Look at the difference in physiogonomx between native Taiwaneese and Maori. Less than 1000 years in those migrations, IIRC. I don't know anything about acidophilus but it certainly has a very, very large genetic component. 1. White/Caucasians do still have ADD sure but its definitely lower than h-gs. Just so story explanation: more fragmented government together with a crop package that didn't support the same kind of population density as rice, and hence a smaller government/military class meant there were still benefits to ADD, just at lower frequencies than as hunter-gatherers. Frequency dependent selection like psychopathy or morphs generally. 2. AIUI East Asian means Chinese, Japanese and Korean, Vietnamese if you're really pushing it. The important bit is rice farming, with long histories of stable government, occasionally interupted bx war-is-hell but not really disrupting the system. The North Chinese are wheat farmers and relatively genetically distinct from their brethren. They, and the Mongols do almost certainly have higher levels of ADD but I'd bet against it being higher, even as high as amonp Europeans. Even taking the Mongols as East Asian they're a rounding error if you're counting .ch,.jp and .kr Do you speak from experience? I'd be fairly hesitant dealing with anyone who came from finance who I didn't have a pre-existing relationship with, just because the proportion of sharks is much, much higher there, and their political instincts and grasp of the relevant corporate structures are likely to be so much better than yours. They'll be able to screw you over if they decide to, and they're a lot more likely to. Blog it. Then submit it. So the Japanese get paper and the US gets cars? sounds like a pretty good deal to me. Team sports are great if you can get into them, and completely pointless if they disdain them. Individually oriented physical activities that emphasise co-ordination are good for dyspraxia e.g. dance, martial arts, gymnastics. Spend lots of time explaining the blidingly obvious in terms of social skills. Premature advice: acting, improv, debating are all good for socialisation. They're likely to be nerdier than normal, encourage this, and making friends of like interests as otherwise the chances of having no friends whatsoever until they get to a big high school or college are high (unless you live in a major urban area) If you can get them into a gifted and talented programme, whether a summer school or a proper day school do so. They are likely to put no effort whatsoever into tasks and subjects that don't interest them, give up on this pre-emptively. Try to make sure they encounter challenging material relatively early in their education. I was ~16 by the time4 I got to that and nine years later my capacity for necessary grinding work is still low. Now where can I buy the hacked up, not all that well tested "novelty only" home version? Nobody cared much for slavery in the US until Uncle Tom's Cabin came out back then among other gruesome real life accounts. UTC was propaganda, not a real life account. Slaves were much too valuable to be treated in the way depicted in the book. Horrible treatment sure, but what's in the book makes no sense on a commercial/economic level. Those are very, very logically distinct, species and tribe, I mean. You can conceivably have people doing things for the good of the tribe because in a natural environment they're probably related to the other members of the tribe so if the behaviour helps teh sponsoring gene spread, on average it will propagate. "It's good for the species" is never a good explanation for anything, ever. The other members of of a species (of one's own sex) are the competition, the ones you want to fail in comparision to you. Group selection works fine if there's a guiding intelligence behind it, but there are no examples in nature, ttbomk. France has a 2.0 TFR, which is just barely sub replacement and it's been trending upwards since the early 80's. The UK's is 1.94. Both of these countries have heavy net immigration, so they're doing fine. Re:Law and Medicine. The US system for both of these is EVIL in its regressivness and waste of time and talent. Most other Common Law countries have undergraduate law degrees, in the UK they're mostly three years. There is also bugger all reason for Medicine to be a graduate degree, it's all taught. Bond University in Australia does an undergrad medicine programme in 4y 5m, with three trimesters per year, and the UK system has undergrad Med degrees of 5 or 6 years. Computers aren't that hard, but fewer women than men will find them interesting for the same reason fewer women do anything involving math, because Math is boring, things are boring, equations are boring. Using language is interesting, people are interesting, jobs that require lots of social interaction are better than jobs that don't. Most people hate this kind of systematising, abstract, logical thought. Fewer men hate it than women so there are more men in these fields. They mostly don't have LBBs, they have mobile phones that are only used professionally. Eh, we clearly do have selection for sperm production. We have the second biggest balls in proportion to body size of any primate, which strongly suggests that only the (bonobo?) chimpanzees fuck around more than us. Pyschopaths don't love anybody. it's not a synonym for bad/evil person, it's a constellation of correlated traits, but at a very rough approximation- A psychopath is someone who sees others as means not ends. Their existence is irrelevant except insofar as they serve his wants or needs, or prevents them being satisfied. A borderline psychopath, one of the people who was born that way inclined rather than straight born that way, and who was triggered by environment will probably be no more attached to any human being ever than you would be a to a pet. http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/journal/118600577/abstrac... "For example, in the SMPY cohorts, although more mathematically precocious males than females entered math-science careers, this does not necessarily imply a loss of talent because the women secured similar proportions of advanced degrees and high-level careers in areas more correspondent with the multidimensionality of their ability-preference pattern (e.g., administration, law, medicine, and the social sciences). By their mid-30s, the men and women appeared to be happy with their life choices and viewed themselves as equally successful (and objective measures support these subjective impressions). Given the ever-increasing importance of quantitative and scientific reasoning skills in modern cultures, when mathematically gifted individuals choose to pursue careers outside engineering and the physical sciences, it should be seen as a contribution to society, not a loss of talent." Or just think of the sex distribution of nerdery, which is to Asperger syndrome as AS is to autism, which Simon Baron Cohen has described as an extreme version of the male brain. You're right, I was wrong, we fall in between the gorillas and chimpanzees, so we seem to be mildly polygynous but not dramatically so (consistent with our degree of sexual dimorphism) http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2007/09/070925090250.ht... Why should we prefer licencing to certification, if desired with protected titles so that the difference between e.g. a Software Engineer (certified) and a programmer is abundantly obvious to anyone to anyone who does the research? Likewise lawyer (passed Bar exam) and an employee of a legal services company which does the kind of routine legal services that are well within the capabilities of the average paralegal but whicg they'd be prosecuted for offering withoug the imprimatur of a J.D. now. We know how to solve failed states, it's not politically possible when the Imperial power isn't willing to trade off popular sovereignty against lives saved. Given the choice between good government and self government people will choose the latter Common sense = conventional wisdom. They're both wrong reasonably often. Have you never taken an instant dislike to someone within seconds of meeting them? Or indeed, felt a connection with someone you haven't known long enough to have any real bond? These are mostly subconscious reactions to demeanour, tone and (much weaker) dress. You've heard "First impressions last", right? So obviously we judge people outside of conscious, logical thought processes. Person and Costume: Effects on the Formation of First Impressions http://fcs.sagepub.com/cgi/content/abstract/4/1/32 First Impressions: Making Up Your Mind After a 100-Ms Exposure to a Face http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/journal/118597412/abstrac... Confirming first impressions in the employment interview: a field study of interviewer behavior http://cat.inist.fr/?aModele=afficheN&cpsidt=3296559 An incredibly long, well reasoned and cited, highly vitriolic and personally insulting to Romer take on the "charter city" idea. (Really, I'm not kidding it is incredibly long.) Summary: There is an English word for charter city, and it is colony. http://unqualified-reservations.blogspot.com/2009/08/from-cr... Eh, I agree on the low likelihood but I think the massive value creation from a success renders the expected value high enough for it to be worth campaigning for. The problem of binding a sovereign is very real whether the titular sovereign (whoever, Namibia, Haiti, Cuba) or the world-sovereign (the US, obviously) to their stated policy is, ah, rather difficult. Also, Dubai. Not shining bright at the moment but really 30 years ago there was practically nothing there and it hardly has Western standard rule of law even now, but look at what's there. One way of setting this up I could see would be some country with massive illegal immigration problems setting up an SEZ without freedom of movement to the metropole, and allowing free immigration to that along with some very minimal law enforcment. I know Greece has insane immigration from illegals and it's not going to stop. Imagine they take some barren Agean rock, ~ Manhattan sized and allow free immigration with no minimum wage or constraints on voluntary contract for people over x years of age. Eastern Mediterranean New York in 15 years. I think you overestimate the difficulty of physical infrastructure, that's a solved problem, throw money at it. Deport everybody. Or just leave it there. Mogadishu/Somalia isn't even that destabilising to East Africa which mostly has more or less functional states. Also, the only reason Somalia doesn't have a stable internationally recognised government at the moment is that the US has a hate on for Islamists of any stripe. If they hadn't put so much effort into the puppet Transitional Government and the invasion of Somalia by their Ethiopian client Somalia (possibly absent Puntland, probably absent Somaliland) would no longer be a failed state, it would just be a really shit one . Seriously, imagine the Cosa Nostra take over the running of AgeanManhattan, protection rackets and all. Now, what do you call them? The government. They're a subsidiary government of Greece, which holds ultimate, internationally recognised sovereignty over AgMan, but whosoever holds the monopoly over the use of force is thus legitimate and sovereign. Also, seriously Greece is not a terribly impressive first world country but it is one. I wouldn't be surprised if they had paramilitary police units sufficient to subdue a dense, networked city of 6 million. I figure 20K would do it easily. They would more or less definitionally have total air superiority, which combined with large well trained, armed and co-ordinated police/soldiers would render any putative contest grotesquely one sided. Also, these people wouldn't be citizens, they'd be guests/subjects. No vote, no political power, no constituency. The Greek police don't play very nice with Greeks . I imagine the Greek Army would be nastier. (Leaving to go to bed, will reply to any reply tomorrow, hoping there's a discussion here when I get back, ciao) We find no evidence of any adverse consequences as a result of the incentive programs. Incentive schools do significantly better on both mechanical components of the test (designed to reflect rote learning) and conceptual components of the test (designed to capture deeper understanding of the material),suggesting that the gains in test scores represent an actual increase in learning outcomes. Students in incentive schools do significantly better not only in math and language (for which there were incentives), but also in science and social studies (for which there were no incentives) , suggesting positive spillover effects.... Uh huh. So sich erinerren ≡ zu sich erinneren? I'm guessing that it's a historical accident that "to" is demed part of the infinitive in English and "zu" isn't in German. Wart, meinst du die getrennte Verben? [Pedant] Mann braucht kein "do" in "We do split" [/Pedant] In your situation I would go for Oxford. I'm biased since I've got an uncle teaching there in Economics. Cambridge is better in Sci/Eng Oxford in Arts/Social Science. But if you wanted to do Ec you'd be better off at LSE. The faculty access at Oxbridge is incomparably better than anywhere else worldwide, Ivy League, Stanford, whereever. Ox and Cam are both great, they both have good startup scenes by European standards. Cambridge's is definitely better. If only Ox has the course combination you want go there. You can improve the scene there, get a rep, like jedchristiansen at Cambridge (seed accelerator MBA thesis guy, ask him) email me Might be ridiculous, might not. French general universities are cookie cutter, they're al meant to be more or less equivalent. The Grande Écoles focus on one specific subject, so they get hammered on rankings, but they are all excellent in their fields. There are no great German universities, full stop, for the same reason as in France, and tehy don't have a GE equivalent. There are some departments in some universities that are world class, Karlsruhe in CS, Saarbrucken in Computational Linguistics. The point about bureaucracy is especially vacuous. Can we even imagine a school or school district, public or private, without imagining an attendant bureaucracy? Probably not above a certain minimum size (of school), but we can easily imagine a smaller bureaucracy. If you abolished the LAUSD or NY's and made school districts for every area with 10,000 ± x students you could replace the vast majority of the bureaucracy with volunteer labour, otherwise known as busybody parents. Seriously, what is the point of having these administrators? Record keeping and quality control are the only thingsd that come to mind. Parents have pretty good incentives to monitor quality if they have a chance of actually getting something done by making a stink, which becomes harder and harder the bigger a school district becomes. Someone explain the point of school districts above size x to me please. I don't see any obvious economies of scale above the levels where you have enough kids you can hire your own ful time child psychologist, and I think 10,000 people per would be well above that, and smaller than the size where people's first response to crap schools would be to think about private schools, and second would be to think about moving. Interestingly, those businesses with reputations for hiring top talent don't seem to complain about specific coursework. Yes, because they assume they can train you. If you're a smart bastard, you'll learn fast, and almost anybody will learn faster by applying knowledge than by reading a textbook. "And, Google certainly has a penchant for hiring smart people without regard to specific technical knowledge." Again, yes. What does this suggest? Google (and like companies) are hiring for intelligence, not specific skills. What does this suggest combined with the lack of concern about specific coursework? They're hiring for intelligence, they're not that bothered about what you know, and they mostly recruit from top schools. This suggests that the top schools mostly act as a filter; anyone who got into School X is a smart bastard, so we should give strong consideration to hiring them just because they're smart. So Google could cut out the middleman and hire based on SATs and cut out the middleman. Why not? They like some skills, and getting through college signals a certain degree of conscientiousness, which is good to have in employees. Edit: Changed India to Ireland; apparently Indians speak English. So do Irish. Well under 5% of Irish people have any real level of fluency in "Gaelic". I got a well above average grade and I discovered yesterday that I'd forgotten the words for ear, eye and egg (linguistic noodling). Everybody in Ireland speaks English. Ukrainian (waits for the hordes of Ukrainian nationalist to descend) I'm thinking of doing an econometrics Masters, could I pick your brain on whether it's a good idea or could you point me to any resources that would give me a better idea if this was a good idea? E.g. by the end of an econometrics Masters I'd be able to perform statistical analysis on anything, like genetic data? A variety of things. Discrimination against ubernerds In addition to demonstrated academic competence, the Admissions Office began giving more weight to non-academic factors, looking for applicants with leadership potential and a commitment to give back to the community. Mentoring Programme The most extensive single activity of the Women@SCS Advisory Council has been the Big Sister/Little Sister program, which pairs upper-class and graduate students with firstyear and sophomore CS majors. Changing emphasis/delivery of (introductory) courses Even more, insights provided by the Council are likely to have profound impact on the curriculum. In her green paper circulated at a meeting with faculty, senior Ting-Chih Shih clearly pointed out that the current CS undergraduate curriculum serves male students far better than females. For one, the entry programming courses favor students with more experience (usually men) who seem to get better scores effortlessly As a result, many women begin thinking that learning computer science takes innate talent and no amount of hard work will pay off They start to lose confidence and forget their initial interest in computer science Moreover, the way lectures are presented seem to appeal to men more. In general, females feel that the birds-eye view of a problem, and the end result, are more relevant than the coding details in between How do you think they'd react to (a) Economics (b) Econometrics? I'm going to guess (a) would be laughed at but that a quasi-statistician can always find work in a field with lots of data. Truly, my heart bleeds for the M.D. aspirants of the world. Point taken for real doctorates though. http://medicalhypotheses.blogspot.com/2009/09/clever-sillies... You don't say. They do appear to be at least as predictive as High School GPA though. These things are useful when dealing with populations, less so with individuals. To a college administration bureaucrat you are not some unique snowflake sothey want all the information they can get to tell them if you're worth admitting and the SAT is clearly worth considering. Predictor R Predictors R HSGPA 0.54 (0.36) SAT-M, SAT-CR 0.51 (0.32) SAT-CR 0.48 (0.29) HSGPA, SAT-M, SAT-CR 0.61 (0.44) SAT-M 0.47 (0.26) SAT-CR, SAT-M, SAT-W 0.53 (0.35) SAT-W 0.51 (0.33) HSGPA, SAT-CR, SAT-M, SAT-W 0.62 (0.46) http://www.polysyllabic.com/?q=node/216 Posted in response to "Musician makes 26.3% of his net income from just 40 hard- core fans" http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=922535 Microsoft has removed Billions from the economy, even above the Billions they transferred from others to themselves. I think this is incoherent, and I'm certain it's wrong. A monopoly has no incentive to "remove" money from the economy. A profit maximising monopolist in the practically impossible position of being able to price discriminate perfectly such that every customer willing to buy its product at a price above the marginal cost of selling it to them will capture all value created by its product/service, but that just means there's no consumer surplus. Value is still created, it just accrues to the company, which presumably still distributes it to shareholders, suppliers and employees. In more prosaic terms, monopolies "make articles scarce, make them dear and make them bad". I have no idea how many copies of major MSFT products there are but scarce is not true, and quite a lot of people obviously disagree with you on dear and bad. Office utterly dominates its market niche, and it is in large part due to quality and ease of use. Network effects help some but you can't leverage a reputation in one sector too far in another, otherwise Microsoft's accounting software would be the default, and it's not, Quicken is. Linda Gottfredson, co-director of the University of Delaware-Johns Hopkins Project for the Study of Intelligence and Society, told me: "I recently converted Bush's SAT score to an IQ using the high school norms available for his age cohort. Educational Testing Service happened to have done a study of representative high school students within a year or so of when he took the test. I derived an IQ of 125, which is the 95th percentile." The Afghan military structure has not changed all that significantly in the last 200 years. We know how to beat them. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pinks_War Aerial bombardment of population centres works fine, collective punsihment, having minimising enemy military and civilian casualties come behind 1. Casualties you care about 2. Cost 3. Extending treatis meant to only rule under reciprocity to people who don't give a fuck about the Geneva Convention. If you can't follow standard U.S. Small Colonial War tactics pre-WW2 (kill them until they give up, then and only then give them sweeties) you can use the Strategic Hamlets doctrine that worked fine in Vietnam, and in Afghanistan for the Soviets after they7 stopped trying to run the country and would settle for not having any one unsympathetic to them running it. http://yorkshire-ranter.blogspot.com/2009/10/arguing-about-a... As both the Soviets and the Americans show this probably isn't possible for demotic states. Imperial commitments aren't popular. So, for example, immigrants tend to do more poorly and members of an outclass tend to do more poorly (for example, historically this meant Black Americans tended to test poorly). And that's why Californian Japanese-Americans are well known for their "shifty, work-shy attitude, and tendency to drift into crime" ObCryptonomicon: The scene where our code-breaking genius spends the entire time devoted to taking the Armed Forces IQ equivalent test to one question on a boat floating one way while you pass in the other direction on a train. He proceeds to attempt to account for turbulence and many, many other complex things and completely fails the test. Joe Afghan doesn't have strategic goals, he wants to live his life in relative peace. Joe Afghan Warlord really is in much the same position as they have been since the arrival of the firearm; they have warbands based on a fluid and changing mixture of religious, linguistic and ancestral ties. The Taliban does not exist in the way that the US government exists. There is no continuing organisation with a command infrastructure, the US and its allies are fighting the Pushtun culture. Your first paragraph above, I conceded before you wrote it "As both the Soviets and the Americans show this probably isn't possible for demotic states. Imperial commitments aren't popular." Will the Taliban bankrupt us by forcing us to spend all our money on UAVs? Maybe not, but they can still make making war on them prohibitively expensive. I have studied military history for less than sixty hours total. I feel confident in saying that the Afghan war is unwinnable as it is, and will continue to be waged, for the same reasons Vietnam was unwinnable. The US will never win a war against guerillas, ever, because the tried-and-true strategies that work are illegal under US law, and far more importantly, repulsive to the US populace. Oh, and because the US's only existential war was with itself. That a country with an ocean to the sides and mostly deserts to the top and bottom has the world's biggest military is ridiculous. Seriously though. How to Win the War in Iraq Any time your convoys are so much as fired upon bomb the nearest population centre into a smoking crater. This'll even work if you evacuate everyone in said population centre before you destroy it. This way, you don't have to do intelligence work to figure out who did whatever it was that pissed you off. Everybody nearby has an incentive to dissuade, lethally if necessary, the local hotheads. Collective punishment, it works. No because China isn't totalitarian either. Authoritarian state with a ruling party of Marxist-Leninist political origins just doesn't have the same ring, does it? Same reason most postmodernism and literary theory uses obscurantist language. People value more what they had to work harder for, whether it's understanding or a mug. Making something comprehensible to a broad audience doesn't do anything for the people whose opinion really matters to you, your colleauges, and it makes their work less prestigious by association, because its theoretically comprehensible. [Rant about Edward Said, and how he said some worthwhile stuff, then made it virtually incomprehensible thought better of] Could you expand on that? What does the level of education they are aiming for mean? Is it (a) that level of skill and knowledge acquisition with which they are personally satisfied, or (b) the piece of paper that gives them an advantage over those roughly equivalent with them in getting a job, which is only available by fulfilling some conditions, usually based on attendance and test taking? In your father's day a hell of a lot more people didn't finish high school, and that was okay. Now everyone is supposed to finish high school, so there's pressure to ensure everybody can actually pass the required curriculum, i.e. water it down. Then there's a countervailing pressure, like in CA the state graduation requirements were set by reference to the entry requirements for the UC system (which is supposed to be for the top 12th of CA students) For the love of God, take your time. Under no circumstances do an MBA with less than two years of work experience. You won't get into a top ranked programme and if your programme isn't top ranked you'd be better off doing it by distance education while working. If you were going to do a second entry degree a J.D. would be a much better idea. An M.Sc. in CS probably has a better ROI than most MBA programmes, and it'd let you compete for jobs that wouldn't be available to you fresh out of a Bachelors. The thing is you might be able to get enough real world experience in the time that you'd be doing a Masters that you'd be at the same level in the same time, but you'd have been earning and making contacts in that time. If you love what you're doing keep doing it until it palls. Don't pay to do an M.S. get in as a Ph.D. and bail once you've got what you want. Alternatively come to Europe where education is dead cheap. Karlsruhe in Germany has a fantastic CS programme, and it's a beautiful, beautiful city. For an MBA, consider INSEAD. It's highly ranked and it only takes one year. You can burn time or money, and you may be able to substitute equity for money. If you're the business guy and your co-founder is "more inclined to manage" you have no dedicated coder . As such you're probably already circling the drain. Really, outsourcing something like this is a big risk. You won't know it in your bones, and if it breaks it'll take you longer to fix it if you're just learning it than if you wrote it. Code it yourself. My impression from this post is that you're up the faecal watercourse and need to start paddling. http://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/bsc/ppsc/2006/00000001... "For example, in the SMPY cohorts, although more mathematically precocious males than females entered math-science careers, this does not necessarily imply a loss of talent because the women secured similar proportions of advanced degrees and high-level careers in areas more correspondent with the multidimensionality of their ability-preference pattern (e.g., administration, law, medicine, and the social sciences). By their mid-30s, the men and women appeared to be happy with their life choices and viewed themselves as equally successful (and objective measures support these subjective impressions). Given the ever-increasing importance of quantitative and scientific reasoning skills in modern cultures, when mathematically gifted individuals choose to pursue careers outside engineering and the physical sciences, it should be seen as a contribution to society, not a loss of talent." No, you wouldn't. At current energy use levels Nort America contains enough coal for 200 years at the current population, and you can make liquid fuels from coal by gasification. http://aaenvironment.com/CECE/SynthesisofHydrocarbonFuels.pd... I can't find the reference, but I think there was a French study in the 80's that claimed at $200/barrel it'd be economical to make liquid hydrocarbons for energy using air and nuclear power. dot not feather Also, the more accurate adjective is "indigenous" or "aboriginal", not "native". This is working on the same principle as the euphemism ratchet or Negro->Black->African-American. It has no information content. Looks like they've got the network effect licked London-based Mendeley, which calls itself “the Last.fm of research”, has announced that it’s reached something of a milestone today – claiming 100,000 users and 8 million research papers uploaded to the site in less than a year since its launch. Furthermore, the online database is doubling in size every 10 weeks , says the company. "I am not sure how this is true. Look at past serial writers and they all seem to be making a better living then $25,000 a year." Serial writing is practically dead. Short story rates have stayed constant in nominal terms for decades, soinflation has eaten them. "Stephen King, John Grisham, Dean Koontz, Harry Potter lady, they all have done very well for themselves." Those authors combined are less than 0.0001% of the professionally published novel writing population but I would be surprised if they took less than 5% of all US author royalty dollars. Very, very skewed distribution. That isn't bad. It should automatically move to the next mugshot when I click on a charge though. Also allowing retries is lame, give right or wrong, and only reuse if they've gone through all the images. Finally, it'd be more cracktastic if it was always one more, just one more... As it is, you have to make a decision to do another 5 after the first five. And another thing, if you implement that then I want a moving updated percentage of my performance. I think you've got the seeds of an FB app here. Good job. Do NLP engineers include computational linguists, or do you prefer to have people who can really code and train them up? (Not on my own account, asking to find more and better search terms for when/if someone I know has to go jobhunting after their contract runs out.) Player. Losers would be spectators, clueless pawns. Don't. Read the 10,000 Year Explosion instead[1]. Criticism of Diamond [2]. [1] http://the10000yearexplosion.com/ [2] http://www.insidehighered.com/news/2005/08/03/ggs Proposal: Debundle teaching and research (and while I'm asking for the moon, certification as well.) Most university lecturers are there to do research, teaching is a sideline. Some people genuinely like teaching, among them some of the research productive. But optimising for two things at once will not give as good results on either measure as optimising separately. I don't hold out much hope here given that the main purpose of elite colleges for undergrads is status by association with prestige, which comes from the research productive. Teaching excellence is strictly a sideline. He's not saying Ivy League professors are extremely stupid and bad at their jobs. He's saying they're really, really bad at teaching, because there's no incentive for them to be good at teaching. Outside of community colleges and are there any US third level institutions that value teaching over research? I'm sure compared to him most Ivy League students are extremely stupid. Maybe he's had more contact withthe general population and he now realises what the average really looks like. No connection. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregory_Clark_%28economist%29 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip_Greenspun Extremely debatable. Better regulation would have prevented the housing crash but the regulation Americans got (with bipartsian support!) had the effect of making borrowing to buy a house ever easier, thus inflating prices, leading to a crash when it became obvious there were no greater fools left. Because Apple makes a serious effort to find and fire people who release even basically irrelevant information, while in the US they're probably not going to come after you like that unless the information was classified. Make it an annoyingly difficult to get to option. This won't work since it's an iPhone app, but some analogue of having a Page that's not linked to from anywhere, like if HN had a "secret" controversial list at xx/controversial. People who want to give you money are asking for something. Consider cooperating with them for said money. Why can't you give me mean, median and mode instead of an unexplained average? Obviously it's the mean but it's still annoying. But not all the time. Sex education has no credibility. Abstinence only sex ed doesn't work, but guess what? Neither does any other kind. http://www.mathematica-mpr.com/abstinencereport.asp Lack of contraceptive education effectiveness http://www.mercatornet.com/articles/does_anything_work_in_se... It's a systemic problem of our structure of government. True but misleading. Regulatory capture is a feature of regulated industries full stop. It just happens faster when the players whether buyers or sellers are concentrated. Those three hardest classes are? I've recently wondered, is the common knowledge that kids pick up languages quickly and better than adults really true? The question is insufficiently precisely formulated to be answered. Unreferenced BS follows. As you pointed out children don't actually pick uplanguages that fast. It takes a motivated English native speaker about 600 hours to achieve near native fluency in German if they have any gift for languages. That's just classroom and home study, not talking immersion. It takes on the order of 10,000 hours for children to learn a language with native fluency. Even for children who started learning a language by immersion before 14 (approximate cut-off point for native fluency) there's a decent statistical relationship between vocabulary and the age at which they started learning. Obviously if you moved with your parents to X at ten and are a voracious reader you'll beat the deprived kid from the slum estate, statistical relationship. Learning a language that's closely related to one you already speak isn't that hard if you are totally immersed. Grammar books, vocabulary lists, dictionaries, helpful native speakers all help tremendously. It is possible but incredibly hard for an 'adult' (14+) to learn a foreign language natively, unless they're a biological freak (hyperpolyglot, remembered from SciAm, treat with appropriate caution) Corporations have always seemed less ethical than governments in the past, so it's a very exciting possibility. Yes, and that's why corporations have killed far more people and blighted far more lives in the past X years than governments. Corporations (legal but not natural persons) have historically caused less deaths than states (sovereign entities with a monopoly on the legitimate use of violence.) In this meaning states too are corporations just a special type. Joint stock corporations without a defined end of life are an innovation dating from approximately 1500. I contend that on a net, and probably a gross accounting of lives lost due to action by states have consistently outnumbered those due to corporations. Given that states have a monopoly on violence it is a trivial consequence that their actions will cause more deaths than corporate actions. Sovereign actors typically exceed non-sovereign ones in capability for violence. Even where this is not true the corporation is constrained by the will of it's sponsor state, and as such ultimate responsibility lies with the state sponsor of the corporation. Given that we have no examples of sovereign corporations (sub-type, profit maximising) little information is contained in my original snarky comment. I contend, in agreement with the Emperor of the Rightwing Wingnutosphere Mencius Moldbug, that a sovereign entity with a clear goal of profit seeking will be less murderous than one without a clearly defined and measurable goal (all of them, barring the Holy See, which aims to convert all humanity to Roman Catholicism.) tl:dr Given the vast differences in capabilty between sovereign and non-sovereign corporations the difference in their headcounts is a trivial consequence. Conceded. Takeaway: 300k pop. city to go from drawing board (2001) to completion (2015), planned from when it was a reclaimable mudflat 40 miles from Seoul. It's intended to be an "aerotropolis" using Incheon airport to plug it into Asia's trade routes. They're taking advantage of the fact that it's new build to make it dense, energy efficient, and very, very heavily wired and networked as well, and the article mentions Cisco an irritating amount as the lead partner on utilities and services. What I found most interesting was the idea that they're using the experience they've gained so far to do the same thing elsewhere, faster. The idea of building a 300k city in under a decade on 1,500 acres (6 km²) blows my mind, and if this can be done (and it can) it makes Charter Cities suddenly more believable. This. Before the crash I-Banking bonuses for first year Analysts at Big 4 firms were on the order of $80-100K each year. Assume you bank all of that each year and to be conservative, that it was 80K each year, you now have 320K. This will pay for all three years of Yale Law ($142.5K) and leave you enough to live on all through Law School. Presumably less selective schools cost less, so that's an upper limit. As a 1L your internship oportunities are pretty limited, and I'm guessing that interning at a lower market firm doesn't really help that much for the internships you really want in 2L and mid-market firms won't trust you if you lie and say you're really enthusiastic about working for them because of blah. Interns aren't all that productive because they have no experience with the law as it's practiced. First year associates aren't that hot, so internships are basically a hiring expense and it doesn't really pay until they're productive in second or third year. An interesting internship, like with a startup could really help if you want to get into a firm in that space like Wilson Sonsini. Outside of that it could be positively harmful as a sign of outside interests and a life, not conducive to running up 2,000 billable hours a year. Most firms probably can't afford to be that selective though because most lawyers quit corporate law and go in-house counsel or something less soul crushing when they pay off their Law School loans and maybe build up a nest egg. jwb119 probably isn't going to Law School for the money afterwards so much of that probably doesn't apply, but the how he can afford to make this offer does. If you don't read the post Publishing is made out of pipes. Traditionally the supply chain ran: author -> publisher -> wholesaler -> bookstore -> consumer. Then the internet came along, a communications medium the main effect of which is to disintermediate indirect relationships, for example by collapsing supply chains with lots of middle-men. From the point of view of the public, to whom they sell, Amazon is a bookstore. From the point of view of the publishers, from whom they buy, Amazon is a wholesaler. From the point of view of Jeff Bezos' bank account, Amazon is the entire supply chain and should take that share of the cake that formerly went to both wholesalers and booksellers. A byproduct is that it's relatively labor-intensive to get high yield out of the small urban farms, thus providing extra good jobs. Farming is horrible backbreaking, unending, relentless labour. A good job it is most emphatically not. My great-grandfather would no doubt think that modern farmers are total wusses, what with not having to even muck out horse stalls since we've now got tractors. Even so, farming is a crap job compared to the alternatives available to those capable of doing it properly for most of those capable of doing it. You have to be willing to work like a dog for a substantial portion of the year, and if you've got animals you never get any proper time off, ever. Being a small businessman in any other sector is a much better prospect financially, a hell of a lot safer (there's a reason why non-farm and farm work related workplace fatalities are reported separately) and you can live in something resembling an urban area. Oh, and extra good jobs? This is an example of what's variously termed the lump-of-labour fallacy or make-work bias. tl;dr Farming sucks Your point is worthwhile, and spandrels certainly do exist, but you weaken your point by linking to a paper in which Gould was involved, even if Lewontin (who actually knows what he's talking about in evolutionary biology) was the co-athor. Also, spandrels would be expected to be ephemeral over evolutionary time, while the much greater skewness of male reproductive success over female is practically a biological universal. The optimal reproductive strategies will thus differ, and higher male risk tolerance seems one of the more plausible evo-bio "just so" stories. Lewontin's Fallacy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lewontin%27s_Fallacy http://lesswrong.com/lw/kv/beware_of_stephen_j_gould/ If you've read anything Stephen J. Gould has ever said about evolutionary biology, I have some bad news for you. In the field of evolutionary biology at large, Gould's reputation is mud. Not because he was wrong. Many honest scientists have made honest mistakes. What Gould did was much worse, involving deliberate misrepresentation of science. Why not be offensive? My dismissal is based far more on my state of knowledge than on that of true or aspirant experts. It took me an hour to get through the Hardy-Weinberg Equation and that was recently. I'm relying upon the fact that Tooby, Cosmides and Pinker among others do not respect Gould. http://cogweb.ucla.edu/Debate/CEP_Gould.html I see no special reason to rate Gould as an evolutionary biologist. As an essayist and polemicist, I rate him, and I'm as qualified to do so as anyone else. As a palaeontologist, I rate him because Harvard did. As an evolutionary biologist, ttbomk his contributions boil down to coining "punctuauted equilibrium" i.e. adaptation does not proceed always and everywhere at a uniform speed. Why would I, currently ignorant as I am, read the work of someone who I do not trust to put science before ideology? If I ever reach a stage where I can say I'm not ignorant I'd obviosuly read Lewontin first. Spandrels: Complexity that is not conserved as such but that arises as a consequence of some feature that is selected for. Thus any mutations that effect the spandrel but not the parent feature will have no selective advantage or disadvantage. As such the spandrel will decay or be repurposed in some adaptive fashion. It will not be conserved as such. Male reproductive skew: How many calories does it cost me to deposit some sperm and then bugger off? How many does it cost a female to bring a child to term? How many more to bring it to sexual maturity and/or independence? Given the diference in minimum investment, and the 1:1 sex ratio that arises as a consequence of Fisher's Principle a very small advantage in mating will have a much greater effect on males than females in terms of number of surviving offspring, and will as such be more strongly selected for. Alternatively, why do we have males and females rather than interfertile hermaphrodites? Given that we do, why do we have so many males when a tenth or a hundredth as many would do to fertilise all the females? Apologies for the late reply. If the world ends don't eat a carnivore that eats carnivores that occasionally eat animals. Generally a good idea anyway since most carnivores taste goddamned awful. I don't see any evidence it didn't. Britain ran an Empire and had the industrial revolution all done well before the system started to change. There are people still alive whose professors had to be leaned on very hard not to give them a degree based on the quality of their tutorial work (Oxbridge sysytem). The German system that took over with end of degree Finals also has certain very obvious advantages in ensuring people learn but the bundling of teaching, examination/certification and research is historically contingent. yummyfajitas suggested some time ago asking a local university how much it would cost to take a course at a local university by examination, and I'm presuming that was a deadpan way of saying 95%+ of Universities would have hell freeze over before doing that, but the system seems to work just fine for accountancy. I see no reason why it couldn't be greatly expanded. That econometrics project that's due next Friday mostly. Also a past examination paper I want to have done in same as practice and a Macroeconomics paper. I iz lazy . Akrasia for the win! I don't want to work on it because I can't see how to apply it now, and I'm not being paid to do it. Man, I miss getting paid. You will have no gods before me That's henotheistic not monotheistic. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henotheism#Judaism Investment Banking has sky high salaries, not banking in general. That's mostly Mergers & Acquisitions, IPOs and Trading. The reason trading is so lucrative is obvious, if someone can make lots of money for you, they can do it for anybody so you haver tyo pay them lots to do it for you. For M&A and IPOs it's also relatively simple; the differences in the amount of money you get can relatively easily be 20% or more depending on who's representing you. These are complicated transactions, you need a lot of expertise to do them, and you need a sales team in place to sell it, and an organisation capable of doing the research to drum up the deals. When you're dealing with huge amounts of money anyway and the top guys are vastly better than the mid market they'll be able to demand $BIGNUM because they're judges to be worth it. Because what is now a dead boring normal finance was once a complex financial structure. Almost certainly we've gone too far, but you still get idiocy like people decrying shorting, which is a very old, well understood and totally economically justifiable practice. You need to have people who understand this stuff regulating it, but then you either get regulatory capture or incompetence because if you can understand this stuff well enough to regulate it you can make a lot more in the private market. No, the markets are still efficient. It's just that intellectual capital is devoted to playing the market that could be devoted to other more productive things. If you want to borrow money, hedge risk or issue new stock you can do all that but there are fat profits to be had from being the smartest guy on the market or the one who figured out one particular arbitrage opportunity before anyone else. Finance as waste: There's an arbitrage opportunity somewhere worth 100,000, and it will be picked up within a week of emerging. It is privately profitable to spend up to (100,000 - trading costs) to be the first to notice this, but the social benefits of it being discovered in 2 days rather than seven verge on zero. Yeah, but shareholders in corporations have a much more credible threat of exit. The more people exercise said right the more the price falls, and eventually the management is replaced. There is. If they notice they can email pg. If they don't notice they're not going to be contributing to the conversation anyway. Anki, an online spaced repitition flashcard based learning app http://ichi2.net/anki/screencast1.html edit: http://www.pnas.org/content/106/22/8801.full Two recent studies directly address the question of whether greater male variability in mathematics is a ubiquitous phenomenon. Machin and Pekkarinen (19) reported that the M:F VR in mathematics was significantly >1.00 at the P ... Similarly, Penner's cross-nation analysis of the 1995 TIMSS data (20) showed that the proportion of girls scoring above the 95th percentile positively and significantly correlated with several measures of female equality and status, including equity in educational opportunities and representation in the labor force and political offices. Best I could find in 5 minutes Consequences in High School and College of Sex Differences in Mathematical Reasoning Ability: A Longitudinal Perspective Camilla Persson Benbow and Julian C. Stanley The Johns Hopkins University Between 1972 and 1974 the Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth (SMPY) identified over 2,000 7th and 8th graders who scored as well as a national sample of 11th and 12th grade females on the College Board’s Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) Mathematics or Verbal tests. A substantial sex difference in mathematical reasoning ability was found (Benbow & Stanley, 1980b, 1981). The consequences and development of this sex difference over the following 5 years were investigated longitudinally. Over 91 percent (1,996 out of 2,188 SMPY students) participated. This study established that the sex difference persisted over several years and was related to subsequent sex differences in mathematics achievement. The sex difference in mathematics did not reflect differential mathematics course taking. The abilities of males developed more rapidly than those of females. Sex differences favoring males were found in participation in mathematics, performance on the SAT-M, and taking of and performance on mathematics achievement and Advanced Placement Program examinations. SMPY females received better grades in their mathematics courses than SMPY males did. Few significant sex differences were found in attitudes toward mathematics. Here's a visualisation (I think) of the male/female ratios of various IQs you'd expect given the different variances http://zachaysan.tumblr.com/post/452277906/intelligence-quot... Vernor Vinge - Rainbows End ReputationDefender.com/MyPrivacy It appears to be very cheap. I have no connection with this company or anyone who works for it, ttbomk. MyPrivacy protects you from stalkers, scam artists and direct marketers, by continually tracking down your personal information and removing it from databases on the Internet. MyPrivacy removes your name, address, age, phone number, past addresses, and names of relatives from websites that sell or give away your personally identifiable information without your permission. 1. My God those political maps are ugly 2. So, how're you going to classify Kashmir, Gaza, Taiwan and Western Sahara? If you want the Italian capital google it normally, not in Maps. Including political information is a complete pain in the arse for any company with global reach, for practically no benefit. If you really want it that badly build a mash-up. Agh. I have mixed feelings about this. On the face of it, sure, you're getting rid of an exploitative industry. This is good, right? Yes, just as it is good to prevent companies from setting up shop in poor countries and employing people in what would be called sweatshop conditions in their own countries. More broadly, if you feel that a choice that someone makes is harmful to them, you're saying you should be in charge of them; denying them agency. Apart from the opposite sides of the political spectrum the buttons push this is exactly like the War On Some Drugs. But now Iceland is pushing yet another group of women into an area of life run only by criminals. How is this good? The article implies that a large majority of the strippers are foreign. As such, the majority of the people whose choices will be constrained by this will be people the Icelanders in general and the feminists in particular do not give a rat's ass about. They're far more important as symbols of the Icelanders' moral purity than as people. http://news.ycombinator.com/rss Ireland The email address you put in on registering is only visible to pg, so you need to add your email to your profile if you want others to contact you. 1. Don't do an MBA to do entrepreneurship. You would be far better off finagling your way into a job in an early stage startup, seeing what's going on and getting experience in a company without lots of structure and procedure. See spencerfry's take on what even someone who's not overwhelmingly technical can do in a startup[0] 2. If you do an MBA, do an accelerated one [1],[2]. If you're considering changing because you've plateaued in your professional growth you may just need a change of area and that's where MBAs are good, but if you have a Masters already you've spent enough damned time in college without doing more than is absolutely necessary. 3. UChicago has a CS Masters that I believe is more welcoming to students who don't fit the traditional profile for people wanting to do CS. I imagine it's pretty brutal though. [1] http://spencerfry.com/whats-a-non-programmer-to-do [2] http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405297020425140457434... [3] http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/documents/st_mbamainchart_... To summarize in English: Stewart started an unnamed firm, and tried to exit mid-bubble four years later; his partners didn't want to buy his equity, so he sued them. By the time he got his shares bought three years later the firm had imploded. http://paul.kedrosky.com/archives/2006/05/12/the_myth_of_the... Ones I've read The Game , Rules of the Game Ones I haven't read but have read much by the author that's good Bang, by RooshV Just haven't read, Mystery Method , Magic Bullets Uber misogynistic blogposts: Roissy in Dc Very misogynistic blog: Rooshv Sort of clinical blog : The Man Who Is Thursday reddit.com/r/seduction is okay too You're straining my credibility with this "rich" bit. I have neither personal, anecdotal nor psychological research evidence to believ wealth comes within an order of magnitude of young or beautiful in its effects on attractiveness. For those men who are honest with themselves about their desire to have nsa sex wit young beautiful women there's seekingarrangement.com http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1258234 for previous discussion of that Ones I've read The Game , Rules of the Game Ones I haven't read but have read much by the author that's good Bang, by RooshV Just haven't read, Mystery Method , Magic Bullets Uber misogynistic blogposts: Roissy in Dc Very misogynistic blog: Rooshv Sort of clinical blog : The Man Who Is Thursday reddit.com/r/seduction is okay too If you are a VC and want to be tough, be real tough. For a VC, real tough is: The courage to do what’s right even if it makes you look really weak to the partners in your firm That "the partners" should be "the other partners", right? IIRC, pg stated/implied in numerous places that no actual communication has taken place until you speak to a partner. Also, from Introducing Andreesen Horowitz we will not have associates or other General Partner-track junior positions. Bravo for honesty. They don't have the track even in theory, while in almost all VC firms the track exists only in theory. [whine] This comment in the spirit of one deleted from Ben Horowitz's blog, as is his right[/whine] I signed up, which I think qualifies as a vote of confidence. How much action are you getting? There don't seem to be any open jobs at the moment. How are you going to grow your network? No one seems to have gotten any feedback yet. It's a small thing, but on the language selection menu it'd be nice if I could skip to a language by typing. From the FAQ A: Your text is sent to a pool of translators, one of which [/whom] may choose to accept the job. Hanson is distinguising creativity as that flash of inspiration, that occasional lucky bit of genius from the humdrum of tiny, everyday improvements in process. Or A good idea and $2 will get you a cup of coffee, a good idea and great execution will make you rich, famous, or whatever else it is you want. I gotta agree with you on translation not being commutative. I'm at least competent German->English, but doing the reverse brings me the pain. Where, exactly, do you draw the line? Do you want tolerance or support? Gay: Suppose the "gay germ theory"[1] is correct. To allow vaccination/prophylaxis or not? Labor: Freedom to legally organise is to me utterly unobjectionable, but I remember picking up a book on trade unionism in the library once and being completely unable to grasp the sense behind one of the articles in which the authors took it as given that striking should not even in theory be grounds for firing. Striking is part of a negotiation, it's a tool in the dance of "How shall we divide the money that is earned as a result of my employment between empolyer and employee?" Where is the "right" place between freedom to organise + at-will employment, and a system like France, where unions "represent" workers in their economic sector who aren't members and get legally binding regulations, or like Germany's, where union representatives are always on the board, with voting positions? Women's: Women make less than men on average. They also make very different choices of what jobs to work in, how many hours to work, and they are much more likely to have interruptions in their career. Given the second, is the first unjust, especially if the difference when you compare like with like is small? Black's: Affirmative action here [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pathogenic_theory_of_homosexual... Lucas Critique http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucas_critique Yes, but not as the author conceives it. 10 hours a week would not be an optimal way of organising it, especially if it'd be 2 hours here and there. You want large blocks of time in which you can pass on implicit as well as explicit knowledge. Let’s say there’s a teenager out there who dreams of being a writer. Very, very bad example. Solitary profession, very few people make a living out of it, mostly introverts. The school puts out a notice in the community looking for a writer who would take on an apprentice ten hours a week. The apprenticeship would pay something around minimum wage, but would also involve the apprentice building something of value on their own with at least some of that time. Who pays them? If this is educational why are they being paid? Why should the writer help the apprentice at all? I can see an amanuensis relationship, but this apprentice will not be a net gain to the writer for a very long time, but a cost. It certainly isn't worth the writer's while to pay them. So, for example, I might have the apprentice spend five hours a week doing grunt work for me, then I would spend five hours each week with that person helping them to build a blog to share their writing, polish their writing skills, and so forth. What grunt work? Why not pay someone who knows what they're doing instead? If they want to learn to write I'd set up something like the Clarion Writer's Workshop, a short, intensed and focused group where you come together for daily meetings, readings and critique from someone who knows what they're doing, but most of all you write. If they want to write for a living then a possible apprenticeship model would be journalism. One month study, three months internship, six cycles, you don't get paid. I cannot see how this would not be a better deal than a Masters in Journalism. On the same lines Germany has a _proper_ apprenticeship system, 3 months professional school study, 3 months work experience, you stay with the same company the whole time (gotta find one to sponsor you first) and generally they hire you afterwards. We have something similar for some trades in Ireland, but not to the same extent. I see no pressing reason this couldn't be open to 14 year olds. Three years of not getting paid to be in school or three years of not getting paid to earn a trade. Modulo the rare exception it takes time, bloody minded persistence, talent and a certain amount of luck. The more of the first two you invest the less the latter two matter, talent because the more time you put in the less your initial (lack of) talent matters and luck because if you spend long enough at it some will find you. So really you need persistence because if you've got that you won't have a problem keeping it up for (time). Persistence is easiest when you're motivated; when you're doing something you enjoy or that pays well enough. You're unlikely to get paid until you've made something impressive and people ask you to do it for them. So what you need to do is find something you think is cool and do something about it, publicly, over and over again. Get a hobby and write about it (blog) or think of an interest and set up a forum around it (e.g. alternatehistory.com for what-if). Things that are harder to do are more impressive and get more attention and link love, e.g. a relatively professionally shot and edited 20min video put up reliably every week on... Chinese cookery, or a programming screencast. Persistence is key. Calendar time, not wall clock time. Given that ~26% of the British population will definitionally have IQs of 85 or less I think that's a pretty creditable result. They can mostly read, write and do arithmetic; given what the teachers have to work with they're doing pretty well. Academics said that literacy skills had also failed to improve since the late 1980s. And what happened then? They got rid of streaming. They'd probably hit the point of diminishing returns by then anyway but seriously there's only so much blood you can squeeze out of turnip. “People at this level can handle only simple tests and straightforward questions on them where no distracting information is adjacent or nearby,” the study said. “Making inferences and understanding forms of indirect meaning, eg. allusion and irony, are likely to be difficult or impossible. I don't think that's a problem with their ability to read, but to reason, and to discriminate. Anyway the only thing I can see as having some chance of reaching those with these difficulties would be Direct Instruction or something similar, like Kumon. This has the small problem that teachers will not stand for it. It makes a stressful, demanding job a boring, stressful demanding job. 1. You're assuming your conclusion. 2. Curriculum oversight is just another way of saying state sponsored indoctrination. 3. If parents believe that the schools are better than the alternatives, what right does anybody else have to butt in? In the American case they already pay for them through (local property) taxes anyway so they probably have good reason to pay a second time for the private version. 4. Would you support the abolition of the Amish's special privileges under which children are withdrawn from formal education at ~14, in contrast to the normal school leaving age? Why are they even allowed to have their own schools? After all they're weird religious fanatics with a self-perpetuating sub-culture, shouldn't we break that up and force them to assimilate by making their children go to schools with normal children? [Not actually a USAn] As to private school oversight, I imagine it varies by state like the position on homeschooling. But the big discipliner is that parents can take their children out. they have real right of exit, to a far greater extent than with public schools You're working off of your terminal values, your moral judgement, that the outcomes in Afghanistan and Pakistan are bad. That's a value judgement, not a fact one. So you can't but assume your conclusion, you desire outcome x because you do. As to the state sponsored indoctrination bit, whether it's explicitly planned or comes about organically through political bargaining between those with the power and those with the strongly held opinions who are willing to fight for it, it happens anyway. You cannot avoid having a value system, and if you do not perpetuate it, it will be outcompeted by one that will. I'm not denying complexity, I'm providing extreme examples as aids to thought. Look at the two ends of the spectrum and ask "What does my previously implicit value system say in these extreme cases?" Would I oppose the Amish exemption? No, because the vast majority of students in this nation have access to basic education. But don't the Amish children deserve to have the option to partake in broader society? And won't they have more and better information upon which to condition that choice if they attend government run schools until the normal school leaving age? Aren't they being harmed by being denied that opportunity? teaching violent fundamentalism at the expense of basic education What's violent fundamentalism? What's basic education? If the violent fundamentalists are the only ones providing education of any sort, a minimum of literacy for example, isn't that better than nothing for the vast majority of those who receive it who never do crap with the violent bit of the fundamentalism but who can read and write and probably do arithmetic when their chances to do so otherwise would have been much less? On degree mills; what's wrong with a solely instructional institution that certifies competence in a given area? Most people don't give a damn about education as growth for the soul, why should they subsidise those who do, and help perpetuate a costly signalling mechanism that is socially wasteful if an alternative exists? True. 16% not 26%. So did John Scalzi. http://whatever.scalzi.com/2008/03/12/the-nagging-details-ab... Read the Math textbook or ftw. Makers is by a large margin the worst thing I've read by Cory Doctorow. Distraction by Bruce Sterling covered a great many of the same the same themes first and better. which exists to keep people poor and stupid. You mistyped "because" as "to" there. There's some comfort in knowing that a non-profit agency is looking into the safety of a drug before it goes out to the public for consumption. What's so awesome about non-profits? They have their very own perverse incentive structures. Proposed replacement or supplement: Any company wishing to sell Drug X to the public must be insured against patient lawsuits. Insurance companies are quite capable of hiring people to assess risk and wouldn't have the same biased weighting of risk and benefit. Why not make getting these non-approved drugs conditional on getting X% of the questions on a MCT correct, where said test is a quiz on the effects, side-effects, toxicity etc. of the desired drug? If I was implementing this I'd mandate that the source material for said test be publicly available at a centralised registry, that you need to get 100% of the answers right that the questions be randomly drawn from a test bank and that the test cost say half a day's median wage. Have authorisation lapse after three months so you need to take the test again. Informed consent has just been assured, and people can now make their own decisions but they need to really want the drug. Calling an elected politician a government official does not fall within the common use of the term. That's welll over 97% of the meaning[0] but for some reason I must say more. I'd be very surprised if anyone described am elected judge in America as a politician, even though they're elected. [0]Ain't spurious exactitude great? The effectice payee of a tax has nothing to do with who officially pays it and everything to do with who wants it, or wants shot of it, more badly. The impact of this excise tax is exactly the same as a sales tax. 1. Because the writing system is ridiculous. 2. Because the language doesn't have the common sense to use an alphabet. 3. Because the writing system just ain't very phonetic. 4. Because you can't cheat by using cognates. 5. Because even looking up a word in the dictionary is complicated. 6. Then there's classical Chinese (wenyanwen). 7. Because there are too many romanization methods and they all suck. 8. Because tonal languages are weird. 9. Because east is east and west is west, and the twain have only recently met. An average American could probably become reasonably fluent in two Romance languages in the time it would take them to reach the same level in Chinese. A teacher of mine once told me of a game he and a colleague would sometimes play: The contest involved pulling a book at random from the shelves of the Chinese section of the Asia Library and then seeing who could be the first to figure out what the book was about. Anyone who has spent time working in an East Asia collection can verify that this can indeed be a difficult enough task -- never mind reading the book in question. Feature request thread, at bottom of page http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=363 Having said what I did in a brother post to yours, on the other hand I'd say that the amount of practically useful stuff in a CS degree is surprisingly small, and I learned most of it before I went to college Any chance you could give a list of that surprisingly smalll amount of practically useful stuff? At a guess you're from S. Germany right? Ich habe gesessen oder Ich bin gesessen? I would be very, very grateful if you could email me (barry.p.cotter@gmail.com). I just moved to Germany and want to find out about doing vaguely computery or programming Praktika or news.yc equivalents in German. dupe http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1383537 anki Officers, NCOs, and grunts. That's not a debate, that's a Pinker curb-stomping Gladwell, hardly surprising when Steve Sailer is entirely capable of doing it. Speaking as someone who would have cut off their little finger for one of these courses if I'd known about them at 17, WTF? frail and insecure 17-year olds who need professional help. Psychologists and other like personnel are as expensive or more, and if the problem you're trying to solve is "I can't get a relationship/laid" I would go for the PUA over the psychologist. The psychologist might try to help, but he wouldn't be a domain expert, and he might try to convert the client and convince them they have other, deeper problems when that is irrelevant to them. All that said, taking a dead end bar or waiting job and/or getting horribly drunk regularly will also work for the majority of people. Could you list off those sites? Besides Topcoder. It's not new and it discusees race. The time is 19:07 CET. How long 'til it's deaded? Innocent until proven guilty is for courts of law. In real life I don't go back to that restaurant that probably gave me food poisoning even though I can't prove it. Anyway, the U.S.'s attitude to Pakistan is illogically friendly, for more see: http://www.overcomingbias.com/2009/10/whats-pakistans-secret... Only if the candidate you voted for won. If they didn't they're still the representative of your constituency, but not in any politically meaningful sense your representative . Something closer to moultano's proposal would be a running referendum on everything, where you can choose to revocably delegate your vote (revocable as in you can remove the delegation, not reverse the vote). I wouldn't put much weight on that study. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Impact_of_Legalized_Abortio... http://www.isteve.com/abortion.htm http://www.slate.com/id/33569 He's still writing it. The huge numbers of blog posts it is a synthesis of are available at http://wiki.lesswrong.com/wiki/Sequences English mothertongue, German at a conversational level and it's steadily improving though writing is still a pain, Irish and French were both pretty good about 9 years ago but are goddamned rusty. I can still read both of them pretty well though expressing myself at all, whether in speech or writing is torture. That's great. Now please set up an organisation, whether profit or non-profit that will examine the content of the most common degree courses that teach something where there is a "core" to the field regardless of prior qualifications and certify that knowledge. Re: Afghanistan v. the Soviets The British could do it. I see no reason to believe the Afghans would be able to put more than a dent in total air superiority so they could have won the same way. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pink%27s_War There was a great comment/post on lesswrong.com a while back on this but my phone isn't up to to the site. Do a test or a suite of tests on a daily basis that test intelligence/problem solving skills/reaction time and track your results. Offline, Sudoku, crosswords, other newspaper things but I'm guessing they're pretty noisy. IIRC the mensa.dk website has quite a good test. Dual n back seems likely to give fast and relatively clean results. The people who downvoted are expressing disapproval of a failure to closely read the article. He says he was scare d to see who she chose to critique before clicking, but we infer from his discussion that he did in fact click and read. Therefore, the fact that he was ignorant of how the singers to be rated were selected implies skimming. It was a way of saying:RTFA 4chan memes, goatse, tubgirl etc. seem actually valueless. I personally see almost no value in theology once philosophy started talking about the same things without reference to God. Great swathes of the critical humanities are circle jerks of interest only to people in the same very small niche, which nobody outside academia cares about. Your time can be better spent than learning about these things. They might be interesting but they're no more worthwhile than Cougar Town or How I Met Your Mother Most of today's middle class is descended from the kings and nobility of the high middle ages. Not true for Britain. The peasantry did mostly die out but the nobility did very badly as well. The middle classes were the forefathers. Sources etc. in "Farewell to Alms" by Gregory Clark To summarize in English: Stewart started an unnamed firm, and tried to exit mid-bubble four years later; his partners didn't want to buy his equity, so he sued them. By the time he got his shares bought three years later the firm had imploded. http://paul.kedrosky.com/archives/2006/05/12/the_myth_of_the... Here's a previous discussion with comments http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=581487 One great engineers contributions last forever, assuming they become part of a product that is stable enough to be reverse engineered (so software and physical both count) and is proportionate to Contribution*product. One great teachers contribution rots due to reversion to the mean. The average teacher almost certainly has a greater marginal effect than the engineer. The 90th percentile engineer kicks the teachers ass. Er, what? Becoming an actuary is not exactly easy and that seems like the only thing guaranteeing 6 figures quickly once you get through the door in an insurance company. Or am I wildly misinterpreting you? >That's interesting, the prevailing opinion here on HN seems to be that being in 'finance' is better then in CS. I strongly disagree, as to HN's "conventional opinion". I think most participants and probably most lurkers, would say that finance is probably, on average, a more lucrative field, but a CS degree from a no-name university would probably be better for getting into finance, the field, than an equivalent finance degree. This assumes you're working for someone else. A finance degree is less useful for a technology/coding business/startup than a CS one. This is the raison d'etre of the forum. I would also contend that for getting FY$, personally financially independent rich, a startup is probably at minimum equivalent to working in finance. As such, neither is a bad choice, but the CS degree has better options. RFI: What do people think of quant finance Bachelors and Masters? Obviously it depends on the programme and school, but what do Ph.D. mathematician or pfysicist quants think of them, and otoh, what do traders and such think of them? >Nurses and especially Doctors have years of pure science before they're ever allowed into their trade schools. This is an (unnnecessary) North American tick, whose pernicious influence is spreading. Medicine has traditionally been an undergraduate degree in Europe and all former European colonies aside from the US, and those countries that are in its cultural sphere (like S. Korea, which got rid of its undergraduate medicine degrees.) My cousin started his Medicine degree at 17. It will take him five years. It's not like this is even unknown in the States, IIRC UCSD has a runaround where you get a Bachelor while doing an M.D. And even in the US there are different types of nurses, some of whom went to college, some who didn't (LPN, RN and Nurse Practitioner). I understand demanding continuing education and testing to ensure competency, but college is a means of doing that, but not the only one. Judging from the commentary the majority of the commenters think this post was massively inappropriate. It was massively upvoted because many, many people agree with a lot of the content of the article. If this was lesswrong or reddit, the post might have a negative score, it would certainly be controversial. Personally attacking the author is okay because (a) He's not remotely as active, committed or useful a commenter as Patrick. (b) Obvious self-promotion is taboo among technical people and among their broader cultural peers, nerds, geeks, whatever. Demonstration of talent in the course of something else is the way to go. lsc has some great comments on this, and makes the point that business people are just not like this, at all. Sebastian is much, much more like them in this regard than Patrick. But many people probably agree with him among the lurkers because not all of his comments on this thread are negative, they're hovering around 1 or 2. Now personally I too think this was inappropriate, but if he had run it by Patrick, it'd have been fine. It's not like I, and the no doubt many other, habitual patio11 comment stalkers, couldn't have writted this or something like it . That said, this post probably wrecked Patrick's day. I felt uncomfortable reading it and I'm way less territorial or private than normal. It will probably occasion an Xing of his consulting rate though, which will leave Patrick more time for leisure or working on his own stuff, so distasteful as even I find it, it may in the long run turn out to be a _small_ favour. Maybe it accelerated his consulting trajectory a year. Whether that's worth what was no doubt a punch to the gut I don't know. also yummyfajitas, lsc, pg, tpatecek, tokenadult, cperciva, RiderOfGiraffes, ErrantX, btilly, moultano and nostrademons It took less than an hour for someone to figure out the Partner and Venture Firm Steve Blank was referring to in his post that was approximately called "You're Just the Founder". Now admittedly he tagged the post with the name of the company so it was easier, but still. Anonymising information while leaving it usable is hard to the point of (near?)impossibility [1] There was some debate whether to keep this analogy, lest it seem a pretentious comparison, but I kept it after Harj, who went to college there, insisted the atmos was in fact very similar. How many niches are there anyway? I'm not even sure how if C and C++ belong in the same class, never mind Java. >> There seems to be a general cognitive bias in the programming world against maintenance work, which strikes me as a bit dumb because it's both harder and more important than starting new projects. This is not unique to the programming world. Starting something and finishing it looks a lot more impressive almost evrywhere than making something that exis´ts better. Just think how much more impressive founding yet another non-profit looks on ones cv compared to doubling the projects of an existing one. The original edited version is great. You can't buy it new, just the bloated monstrosity of the "Director's Cut" or whatever it's called. Writers do not outgrow the need for editing but a very few of them get high enough sales that they can turn editing into proof-reading, like Tom Clancy. Not really, but kinda, when Senators were elected by the State legislatures. In brief; a collection of anecdotes about the rapidly increasing number of PRC students at US universities at undergraduate level, with little in the way of structure. Interesting points; The Chinese are going everywhere, including no name horribly expensive private colleges. They often experience culture shock and find the drinking and party culture not much fun. The native USAns' social circles are heavily race stratified, the Chinese often socialise very heavily among themselves, living in houses that are all Chinese for example. - Britain and Australia got there first with the realisation that foreign students can be conned into going to third or fourth tier universities and paying handsomely for it. - There is enormous money in preparing and "preparing" students for going abroad. - Interesting snippets about some universities in the article; the University of Vermont was less than 1% international student until quite recently, Northwestern either needs money or wants to expand its brand, and Columbia like Stanford has an education programme. surely one of the side-effects of a Dyson sphere, for instance, would be to render the star almost undetectable to our telescopes. No. A Dyson sphere would just emit a lot less radiation in the region that we happen to perceive as "visible". This is a special case of "Stealth is (close to) impossible in Space" http://www.projectrho.com/rocket/spacewardetect.php http://scienceblogs.com/builtonfacts/2010/03/while_doing_som... http://scienceblogs.com/builtonfacts/2010/03/stealth_in_spac... http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/StealthInSpace Because it has the largest economy in the world, perhaps? http://super-economy.blogspot.com/2010/02/spirit-level-is-ju... 'Blogger Danne Nordling pointed out a strange fact about the book. Its measure of inequality, the most important factor in the book, is not gini, the standard inequality result. They seem to use 20/20 richest and poorest ratio. Why make this strange choice, when their source (UN Human Development Index) has gini? I smell data mining. First for fun I did a simple regression of life expectancy on income inequality and per capita GDP for all countries the UN has data for. The correlation between inequality and health is not statistically significant. ' How do you define "personal irresponsibility"? How do you measure it? You don't define personal irresponsibility, you change the word to one with less emotional baggage, that means something extremely close, that's easily measured. High discount rate. True but misleading. Germany has some of the lowest university enrolment figures in the EU. There are a couple of reasons for this but the most important are 1. They stream early (10 years old) and savagely. Only those who go to grammar school (Gymnasium) are eligible to go to a classic university. That's less than 40% of the population. 2. They have an absolutely excellent apprenticeship system. All businesses pay taxes to their local Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and these coordinate training at a state and national level. Apprenticeships last 2-3 years, you spend a third to a half of your time at a trade school and the rest working for your employer. above anything it was a battle against extreme economic exploitation. The Crown's North American subjects were the richest, most lightly taxed group of polities on Earth, the Crown's British subjects the second richest, most heavily taxed. The American Revolution could more accurately be called the War of American secession; substantially the same people were on top in NA at the beginning and the end. The American Revolution was a different creature to the French and British. Most likely never actually said http://europeanhistory.about.com/od/antoinettemarie/a/histmy... Well you could use peer ranking, and see how well the rankings correlate with one another. That's the method they use in expertise studies for subjective fields. I believe they're all bachelor degrees. Do the actuarial exams instead. They cost less, require no degree and are not more difficult than those degrees you mentioned. For Americans http://www.soa.org/education/exam-req/ For the UK and much of the Commonwealth http://www.actuaries.org.uk/ Top 20 Law School is not a real category, in much the same way that top 5 CS grad school is not a real category. In both cases there is a sub group that may change their internal rankings but which are reliably above the others. In CS the top 4 are CMU, MIT, Berekeley and Stanford. The second tier are not playing in the same league. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_school_rankings_in_the_Unit... The poor eat the wrong kinds of foods, because the wrong kinds of food are inexpensive. Convenient dominates inexpensive. Frozen vegetables fried in a wok with butter and assorted spices is easy, fast and cheap, but not as easy as pizza goes in oven. not be deluded or blinded by catchphrases like "life of the mind." Indeed, this life does exist, but probably only during the ABD portion of a Ph.D. A professor would be extremely lucky to live the life of the mind 15 hours a week, leaving 60 hours of advising, teaching, reviewing, writing grant proposals, traveling, and sitting in meetings. This immediately made me think of this The perverse incentives this creates are massive. Universities hire scientists rather than teachers in order to get their hands on half the scientist's grants [1]. Scientists waste their time masquerading as teachers because they can't get grants if they don't work for a university [2]. This is harmful both to science (I'm not doing research in class) and students. Of course, they don't put much effort into teaching because they are judged on their ability to get grants. Actual teachers are squeezed out, since there is no room for them. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=851218 which I originally saw here http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2094244 Because unless your content rots, like breaking news, having a date is a pure loss. Patio11 has made this point many times. It will hurt your SEO if people are less likely to link to you because they think "Oh, that's old news" It isn't a bachelor's equivalency exam but if you take enough credits you can get a degree entirely by examination. http://www.excelsior.edu/ecapps/exams/creditByExam.jsf Evidence against this hypothesis; Charles went to Oxford, William to St. Andrews. Griggs vs. Duke Power Company http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Griggs_v._Duke_Power_Co.#Judgme... Since the SAT[1] is a glorified IQ test[2] the rankings from high to low by population group go Ashkenazi Jews >> East Asians >> Caucasian >> Blacks. The Disparate Impact legal doctrine[3] means that unless you can show business necessity any test that reliably discriminates between protected classes[4] is automatically illegal. The strength of this argument is weakened by the fact that TTBOMK no equivalent law exists in the rest of the Anglosphere. [1]And the LSAT, MSAT, GRE, GMAT etc. [2]This isn't completely accurate for those tests that measure concrete knowledge like the MCAT, but the correlation is still pretty high [3] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disparate_Impact [4] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protected_class I challenge you to develop that statement, so that I know what you meant to say rather than imputing it. An uncharitable interpretation would be that college could be taught with no resources beyond those available at secondary school, since in a number of fields it would be quite possible to use the secondary school intellectual tools to construct your own knowledge, e.g. 30 motivated Math students might be able to rederive up to Calculus II or III given four years to do it. He has a B.A. and M.A. in Classics, and is doing a B.A.I. in Engineering at the moment. He has a decent grasp of the theory of C++, having read through Stroustrup though I'm not sure how good the practice is. In Ireland, we've recently moved from a four year B.Eng. (Honours) system for professional qualification to three year Bachelor (Ordinary) with a subsequent two year Masters being necessary for professional accreditation. Given that it's a new programme no one has any idea how the new degree will be viewed in the marketplace. I'm of the opinion that it'll be a good standalone qualification, he isn't. How would one recommend getting that experience? I imagine in web development, writing stuff and putting it on a portfolio site or github would be pretty good, or patching an existig community website, or writing stuff for charities or small businesses. But for other types of programming? What would be the best way to get internships, or to develop something that can showcase your abilities? http://pss.sagepub.com/content/15/6/373.abstract This research established the relationship between SAT and g, as well as the appropriateness of the SAT as a measure of g, and examined the SAT as a premorbid measure of intelligence. In Study 1, we used the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth 1979. Measures of g were extracted from the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery and correlated with SAT scores of 917 participants. The resulting correlation was .82 (.86 corrected for nonlinearity). Study 2 investigated the correlation between revised and recentered SAT scores and scores on the Raven's Advanced Progressive Matrices among 104 undergraduates. The resulting correlation was .483 (.72 corrected for restricted range). These studies indicate that the SAT is mainly a test of g. We provide equations for converting SAT scores to estimated IQs; such conversion could be useful for estimating premorbid IQ or conducting individual difference research with college students. This is part 1 of 2. 2, the "Comes Back to Win a National Championship" isn't going up until next week. The only things I got out of it were that gymnastics is just as viciously brutal on ones body as ballet or sports like American Football, and the knowledge that mens' gymnastics is dying a lingering death in the USA. his position is [...] that social skills are not skills that can be learned through formal education. How would we know? I am not aware of any mass formal education system, state supported or otherwise, that makes more than a very token nod in this direction. The closest analogue I'm aware of is social skills training for people with autism spectrum disorders. I know that works if the participants apply the theory outside the classroom, I've seen it. Hell, it even helps a little if you don't , because your modelling skills get better once you have some idea what's going on. The singular of anecdote is update, the plural of anecdote is update more. Bad evidence is nt the same thing as no evidence. Would you go back to a restaurant you'd never been to before if you got food poisoning the evening after eating there? Tuition fees for all European countries [pdf] http://www.cesifo.de/pls/guestci/download/CESifo%20DICE%20Re... Similarly, you can't buy life insurance which covers suicide In the US your life insurance will pay out in the event of suicide after two years but not before. Because a Masters is almost as good for getting an industry job, and a Masters plus a 4 years relevant job experience is superior for the majority of positions where they hire Ph.D.s. And during those four years, the doctoral candidate was getting paid crap, the Masters's graduate raking it in. I find that to be untrue. In my case, I had a M.S. before applying, and still had to take nearly 2 years of required coursework. It depends on the program, but I have not heard of any U.S. program that will accept a B.S. and not have required classes.* Then go to the U.K. or the majority of the commonwealth. Required coursework is not a necessary part of doctoral research in many, many departments of these universities. Citizenship has no bearing on German university entrance requirements. For almost all Bachelor programmes you need German. As an English speaker it's not that hard to learn, I met a med student last month who was accepted provisionally, conditional on acceptable TestDaF results and went from no German to sufficient to study medicine in three months (of 8 hours a day, 5 days a week study.) Note that most US high school diplomas will not get you into a German university, you need APs or community college credits. I am guessing that it would get you into a Fachhochschule[1] (again, you would need German) which grants Bachelor degrees, but is more vocational than the Universities. [1]"University of Applied Sciences" is an abombinable translation, which tells you nothing , but it's the official translation. They spend less per capita on university students than on high school students, have something verging on universal access, and, looking at their economy, get approximately similar value out of the education system as the USA for much, much lower expenditure, and that's a disaster? Sure, university is not as much fun or as luxurious as in the states, but what is actually wrong with the French system for French society? Note, I did not say for French students or French academics. I don't fully buy this concept of "morally wrong". So you're totally okay with me beating your [underspecified relative] so badly they're in chronic pain for the rest of their lives then? but can any Brits comment on whether going to London to become an actor is a "thing" in the UK? I'm Irish, not a Brit, but if you want to do more or less anything seriously, at a top level, you head to London. This sucking vortex of a Queen City was attracting about 10% of every generation to it in the 1850s . Every other city in the British Isles is an also ran, whether you are looking at culture, politics, finance... the list goes on. Current software engineers are roughly equivalent, in terms of field maturity, with the 'doctors' who put leeches on people in order draw out bad humors Balls. The medical profession killed more people than it cured until some time between the 1930s and 1950s with the discovery of antibiotics. Walmart's supply chain management software alone has bdone more good than the entirety of the medical profession up to 19##. Autorun bad and all, but Windows was pretty obviously a huge win as a productivity multiplier. I'd be kind of surprised if Windows hasn't done more for GDP[1] than Walmart. Practically any commercial software package ever sold probably had a greater positive effect on the world than pre 19## medicine. This will hold more strongly for shrinkwrap software that stays around long enough for the company producing it to build a rep. [1]Or total world utility/happiness, if we could measure that I agree, it's one of those things that really hurts the UK as a whole I dunno, the agglomeration/network effects could easily enough make up for that, and people can leave London once it's obvious they're not going to make it , having built up their human capital faster than they could have anywhere else, and being able to command London salaries on provincial living costs. It hurts the South-East because it puts the infrastructure under enormous strain and property prices beyond the reach of mere mortals, while draining the rest of the UK of its talented young. If they wanted to make housing affordable, whether rented or to own they could get rid of the green belt, or encourage much denser housing. The infrastructure problems could be solved by application of sufficient money and compulsory purchase, though one would need to massively streamline the current procedures on that, and on planning. If China can build subways with stations that open in fields, so could London. As to the talented young, they speak English, if they weren't going to London it's very likely they'd be going to the States. This is one thing I think the Germans do right - a much more culturally, economically and politically balanced nation Never a matter of policy. Germany was the belated nation and it's multiple centres are a consequence of late unification and being split in half and made more federal in power structure by the conquerors. (I exaggerate the German lack of agency in the choice of West German state structure) That was sarcasm. It's not in the same category of burning uselessness, but speaking as someone with no taste or design talent por exerience it is ugly. You need relatively substantial skin in the game. The minimum amount necessary to register a company is somewhere between €12,500 and €31,000. http://www.ocra.com/solutions/setbusiness_luxembourg.asp Speaking as someone on the autism spectrum: go to hell. Ridiculously mild as mild Asperger's is compared to full blown autism, it has had a large mostly negative effect on my life. Even so, I wouldn't change take a pill to get rid of it. I am what I am, and there are coping strategies and niches aplenty. Also, as a nerd hater, what are you doing on this site? Your checks sure as hell better clear And they will, as long as Abu Dhabi is willing to pick up the tab. Dubai made a massively leveraged bet, and now Abu has them by the short and curlies, but the UAE is still looking okay. Dubai is not going to be fine. In the long run, no probably not, but they (the UAE, not Dubai alone) have a decade, maybe two to get it together. They probably won't, and when it goes to hell it'll make Libya look like a tea party, but if they went to a Singaporean model with the guest workers they could be okay. Given that there are third generation guest workers they're probabably hosed, but something as simple as having a maximum residency of five years for pure labourers and recruiting men from one country for one sector and women for another from a nother country would go a loooong way to preventing people from forming real attachments. Given that we're discussing one of the most sophisticated data analysis companies around they probably did attempt to test their theories to destruction. Or, otherwise stated, after forming an initial hypothesis they tried different interpretations of the same data to see which ones made distinguishable testable propositions. >Why would a lawyer earn more money than a teacher? Apart from governemnt lawyers and academics everybody is in private practice or working for a company. Their employers/clients have them to deal with money problems. Whoever is close to the money gets to keep some. Also, teachers have tenure, great pensions, work only 9-10 months a year, and within a few years of being hired, work under 40 hours a week on average. >Only your ingrained cultural expectations suggest this. Can you strip those out and suggest any objective reasons that lawyers are worth more? If you mean morally, no, it's a value discussion, and those are always boring because nobody ever convinces anybody. If you're talking about how much their labour is worth... A good lawyer makes their client money or stops bad things happening to them. This is a much more valuable service than childcare/socialisation/education to the people handing out the money. Children have no money or freedom after all. >Do they train for longer? Not relevant >Is their work more important? Value judgement; all heat, no light >Do they need better school grades? Yes, but that's also not terribly relevant. According to the BLS, the average full time teacher works slightly less than 40 hours/week (see Table 2). This includes time at the workplace, at home and at another location. http://www.bls.gov/opub/mlr/2008/03/art4full.pdf *stolen directly from yummyfajitas [Edit; Okay, you're selling to tutors. You should make that even more blindingly obvious, and either make a separate section for people searching for tutors, or remove it altogether because the experience is crap. Are you sure adversising as free is legal? I mean you must be charging some mark up that the customer pays above what the tutor gets.] Your first minute is useless. I go to your site and understand, okay, you're basically an online tutoring intermediary. But the services you offer are difficult to figure out, there's no categorisation or tagging, the search is bad, and you're not sure if your primary customers are the people buying or selling the service. All in all, desperate. 1. That was interesting, thanks 2. If you eel like functional languages are more powerful than OOP or procedural languages and you're much less comfortable in them than in C or Java, you should do a major project in one, or switch your scripting language. After all, you're still in college, you have fucking up time and capability. Haskell for the Summer of Code, or Jane Street Ocaml? 3. Never, ever pre-emptively apologise. It is a signal of weakness and lack of confidence and will cause people to give you abuse and disrespect you who would not have done so if you hadn't done it. This is horseshit. he birthrates of Muslim women in Europe have been falling significantly for some time. In the Netherlands, for example, the TFR among Dutch-born women rose between 1990 and 2005 from 1.6 to 1.7. In the same period for Moroccan-born women in Holland it fell from 4.9 to 2.9, and for Turkish-born women in Holland from 3.2 to 1.9. In Austria, the TFR of Muslim women fell from 3.1 to 2.3 from 1981 to 2001. In 1970 Turkish-born women in Germany had on average two children more than German-born women. By 1996 the difference had fallen to one child and has now dropped to 0.5. These sharp falls reflect important cultural shifts, which include the impact of universal female education, rising living standards, the effect of local cultural norms and availability of contraception. http://www.upi.com/Top_News/Analysis/Walker/2008/04/30/Walke... http://rfmcdpei.livejournal.com/408410.html http://historyandfutility.wordpress.com/2011/02/08/why-eurab... The birthrates of Muslim women in Europe have been falling significantly for some time. In the Netherlands, for example, the TFR among Dutch-born women rose between 1990 and 2005 from 1.6 to 1.7. In the same period for Moroccan-born women in Holland it fell from 4.9 to 2.9, and for Turkish-born women in Holland from 3.2 to 1.9. In Austria, the TFR of Muslim women fell from 3.1 to 2.3 from 1981 to 2001. In 1970 Turkish-born women in Germany had on average two children more than German-born women. By 1996 the difference had fallen to one child and has now dropped to 0.5. These sharp falls reflect important cultural shifts, which include the impact of universal female education, rising living standards, the effect of local cultural norms and availability of contraception. http://www.upi.com/Top_News/Analysis/Walker/2008/04/30/Walke... It means born in the country. If they had meant Dutch or German ethnic they would have said so. So it's referring to people on the short road to assimilation. zeteo Muslim immigration into France accounts for the high fertility. The second development to note is that INED, France's National Institute of Demographic Studies, has done some detailed research and concluded that France's immigrant population is responsible for only 5 percent of the rise in the birthrate and that France's population would be rising anyway even without the immigrant population. http://www.upi.com/Top_News/Analysis/Walker/2008/04/30/Walke... I can't, unfortunately. Here's the INED publications webpage http://www.ined.fr/en/resources_documentation/publications/d... It might be one of the "Recent Demographic Developments in France" The email in your profile is only visible to admins. Edit your textbox if you want anyone else to see something. Is that $300K their collective annual tuition or the amount paid for the credit hours for the course? In Germany, the number of Abiturients, those who go to college prep schools has been going up for decades. They have also relatively recently opened pure universities up to certain relatively narrow classes of non-Abiturients. Given that the number of people with college degrees has been increasing steadily by age group in Germany, and that someone is paying for it, i.e. the state, i.e. the taxpayer, I don't see that "bubble" is an inappropriate word. Germany probably has less of a higher education bubble than any other Western country though, because they have the best apprenticeship and vocational training system in the world. I believe this is only stable because Germany is enormously class and status conscious, and as a result has early streaming. I don't doubt that some potential is wasted, but probably the fact that Hauptschüler are not hindering the eductaion of Realschüler and Gymnasien would justify the system by itself. passing something through should be much cheaper than actually building something or adding value unless you're bilking people. The amount someone gets paid for doing something depends on how much value they capture, not how much they add. In most cases where all parties contract freely, you can't capture more than you add, but anyway _Value added and paid are often wildly out of whack_ "Bilked" is a moral judgement. If you're saying you think insurance is unjustly fair then since that's a fact about you not about insurance, sure it can be true. But it's like "profiteering", a moral/political statement, with no economic content. To summarize in English: Stewart started an unnamed firm, and tried to exit mid-bubble four years later; his partners didn't want to buy his equity, so he sued them. By the time he got his shares bought three years later the firm had imploded. http://paul.kedrosky.com/archives/2006/05/12/the_myth_of_the... Here's a previous discussion with comments http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=581487 1. It isn't Gladwell's theory. 2. Even Gladwell isn't stupid enough to say that it's sufficient to put in 10,000 hours, he just implies it. [dead] If you're going to read a paper on n-back you should read gwern's FAQ on it. http://www.gwern.net/N-back%20FAQ.html There is next to no evidence in favour of the multiple intelligences theory. Multiple Intelligences, the Mozart Effect, and Emotional Intelligence: A Critical Review * This article reviews evidence for multiple intelligences theory, the Mozart effect theory, and emotional intelligence theory and argues that despite their wide currency in education these theories lack adequate empirical support and should not be the basis for educational practice. Each theory is compared to theory counterparts in cognitive psychology and cognitive neuroscience that have better empirical support. The article considers possible reasons for the appeal of these 3 theories and concludes with a brief rationale for examining theories of cognition in the light of cognitive neuroscience research findings* PDF link http://lynnwaterhouse.intrasun.tcnj.edu/Multiple%20Intellige... My ex did her Masters in Uni-Saarland, and based on her experience it isn't that hard to find a job with that Masters, but you must be willing to travel to get it (although she was at least a competent programmer by the time she finished her Masters.) If you want to do productive research in NLP you will have to master either semantics and predicate logic or statistics, particularly Hidden Markov Models. Statistical approaches are much, much more productive, both in real world uses, and in terms of getting papers published. If you are even thinking of doing the Masters you probably should, a doctorate is training for academia, in the overwhelming majority of cases if you don't want to be an academic you shouldn't do it. The site for linguistics jobs. http://linguistlist.org/jobs/ Pap. If you know Opencourseware exists there are two things worth learning on that page, ck-12 and flat world knowledge make freely downloadable textbooks. Not worth your time. I don't understand this point. Why would there be a limit to productivity, especially with machines and computers to leverage our efforts thousandfold and more? There are limits to what you can do with matter. It's unlikely the economy (our productive capacity) will continue to grow much for 100,000 years after all mass we can get at is weird ass artificial quark composite computronium. Yes, but until such time as it gets off the earth is the most convenient source of atoms, and being that you're on the surface at the bottom of a big gravity well you're pretty convenient. http://infoproc.blogspot.com/2008/07/annals-of-psychometry-i... [Review] Anne Roe: The Making of a Scientist After 120 IQ points, it doesn't make much of a difference to winning a Nobel Prize. Not true Test (Low / Median / High) Verbal 121 / 166 / 177 Spatial 123 / 137 / 164 Mathematical 128 / 154 / 194 In the blogpost "Roe devised her own high-end intelligence tests as follows: she obtained difficult problems in verbal, spatial and mathematical reasoning from the Educational Testing Service, which administers the SAT, but also performs bespoke testing research for, e.g., the US military. Using these problems, she created three tests (V, S and M), which were administered to the 64 scientists, and also to a cohort of PhD students at Columbia Teacher's College. The PhD students also took standard IQ tests and the results were used to norm the high-end VSM tests using an SD = 15. Most IQ tests are not good indicators of true high level ability (e.g., beyond +3 SD or so)." Seems a decent try at it to me. But a better indicator that IQ is predictive of success is http://infoproc.blogspot.com/2009/01/horsepower-matters-psyc... Can psychometrics separate the top .1 percent from the top 1 percent in ability? Yes: SAT-M quartile within top 1 percent predicts future scientific success, even when the testing is done at age 13. The top quartile clearly outperforms the lower quartiles. These results strongly refute the "IQ above 120 doesn't matter" claim, at least in fields like science and engineering; everyone in this sample is above 120 and the top quartile are at the 1 in 10,000 level. The data comes from the Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth (SMPY), a planned 50-year longitudinal study of intellectual talent. Ability Differences Among People Who Have Commensurate Degrees Matter for Scientiﬁc Creativity http://www.vanderbilt.edu/Peabody/SMPY/ParkPsychScience2008.... Here's his response http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2550979 I'm pretty sure German universities suck in comparision to all Anglophone universities when it comes to free time, and I know it's true for Irish and British ones. You get three months off for the summer (normally June, July and August), a month off over Christmas (though in some universities it may only be three weeks, and you may have to prepare for exams), and various other time off. Also that summer time is free , no papers to write. It is goddamned awesome. http://www2.ul.ie/web/WWW/Services/Academic_Calendar/2012_-_... That was excellent, informative and balanced until the last line. But they're reporters. Getting at the truth, or something close to it, often helps them do their job, but it isn't their job. Their job is getting attention. How that attention is monetised is an ever changing thing, but it's attention not truth that they're after. How much personal exposure have you had to journalists? They generally are smart enough that they could get a facile grasp on a technical issue in the limited time they have if they really wanted to, but it's rarely a wise use of their time. Human interest, nearest cliche, drama, all of these bring more eyeballs. High quality journalism will get you better quality (richer) attention but there are a lot more people who read US News, or the Sun, or Die Bild than read quality press. tl;dr Journalists sell eyeballs, not truth They're using a very, very broad definition of elite, as in there are 193 colleges in the "elite". It would be kind of unusual if a university that's comparable with MIT didn't reach that level. Several years ago, William Bowen, a former president of Princeton, and two other researchers found that top colleges gave no admissions advantage to low-income students, despite claims to the contrary. [...] The result of these changes is that Amherst has a much higher share of low-income students than almost any other elite college I strongly suspect that Amherst's poor people recruiting is race blind. That's the only way they could find enough students in the US who are up to their academic standards. It's almost certainly an excellent long-term strategy too; the relatively poor will likely be fairly fervent in their support for the alma mater. In itself, this doesn't really matter, a college that takes in less than 2k students a year won't change anything unless the model brings in money. But it should. Taking smart people and giving them that hireable by Goldman or McKinsey stamp, that should lead to donations. I don't think Weibo is a mere copy-cat of twitter. While it is a micro-blog, Weibo offers so many amazing features that make what I am describing in this post possible. On Weibo, you can have threaded conversations, track commentary on posts, embed various media formats, view media within the same window, and sort by content type. There are a lot of other features that I will talk about in a separate post, but this is all to say that communities like these can develop on Weibo precisely because of its rich features and stable platform. Weibo simply works. There are no fail Weibo jokes. I used to think smalltalk was annoying and useless. I was most of the way out of that attitude by the time I lived in Germany, and was thoroughly rid of it by the time I left. Growing a new social circle in Germany is a complete bitch in large part because people really are less superficial and more direct. The "etiquette of simulation" makes everything so much easier . I'm not saying it's all that easy to get to know people in my home country, Ireland, but there is at least a place where talking to total strangers will not get you funny looks, the pub. And dating, oh god, dating. I miss Germany. I was shocked to find out the Schwyer were even more um, polite, than the Germans. Hallo is an implied "du", as was tschüss so unless you want to piss everybody off, it was either Guten Tag or Grüssi and Aufwiedersehen. Very formal people the German speaking Swiss. Both of those could be applied to any conversational exchange, whether information was really being exchanged or not, and smalltalk is heavily weighted towards the "not". It's not what you say, but how you say it. /exaggeration Dear God, I don't recognise a single one of those. But what about people from areas that might have local slang but don't have a dialect, like Niedersachsen or (bits of) the Rhineland? And what about the university attending classes, who are much more likely to become free-floating German instead of being rooted to anyplace particular? No. It's much more about intersecting social circles than other places I've been. That said you can get places in nightclubs and the mindgames involved in courtship are different. But if you wanted to settle down and were a relatively respectable, solvent man, Germany'd be great. I kind of agree with you but I still downvoted because using Womyn's Studies offends at least some people who might otherwise listen to you. One does not argue on the internet in order to convince the person one is debating with but to persuade the lurkers. Also, what you wrote wasn't worth writing unless you were going to back it up. It's pure applause lights[0] [0] http://lesswrong.com/lw/jb/applause_lights/ On lesswrong being an applause light, I don't know. I don't think it's even saturated HN's pop culture to the extent it will yet, so I expect that linking to the explanation of the term provides value. Your last sentence makes the point that you meant to make much better than you originally did. You could have made it better butthis time there was something other than derision there. It's probably an exaggeration but I believe Caesar's Gallic Wars has something about killing a third of the Gauls and enslaving another third. Implacable patience would almost certainly substitute for a certain amount of brutality, but the more of one you have the less you need of the other. "I was only following orders." Speaking as a supporter of democracy in the Arizonan context. The quickest dirty hack is using Anki or another spaced repitition sytem program. If you download Anki you can get at the shared decks and there rea some very nice ones for German vocabulary. For speaking/understanding speech I've heard great things about Pimsleur. Once you have the rudiments of the language listen to podcasts all the time. Learn the grammar. You are unlikely to pick up more than the utter basics by osmosis. Good luck! You're welcome. The Volkshochschule have ridiculously cheap evening classes for all levels of German ability. In the unlikely event that you're at a loose end for weeks at a time the Integrationskurse are ~free. Google 'em for more info. Stephen Jay Gould, expert on snails, eminently radical political scientist and master polemicist, mistaken by many for a knowledgeable evolutionary biologist because he was a very good writer. If you want some critiques of him you can look at this explanation of his at best extremely shoddy and more likely deliberately deceptive statistical analysis here. http://johnhawks.net/taxonomy/term/700 It's a commentary on the paper the WSJ is talking about. Money quote "Here is the most sympathetic reading I can give to these facts. Gould systematically selected data from Morton's tables that tended to inflate the measured volumes of Native American crania. He did so by averaging some group means instead of overall means (although Lewis and colleagues show that Morton himself had used group means for many comparisons, contrary to Gould's claims), by excluding some small-skulled groups entirely (claiming sample size as a criterion), and by omitting crania that had not been measured in the earlier, seed-based analysis. There is no logical reason for these choices other than selection bias -- Gould began with a conclusion about Morton's unconscious motivations, and worked to confirm that conclusion by selecting some data and omitting contrary data." Paul Krugman's takedown of Gould http://www.pkarchive.org/theory/evolute.html "What I encountered were quite a few references to Stephen Jay Gould, hardly any to other evolutionary theorists. Now it is not very hard to find out, if you spend a little while reading in evolution, that Gould is the John Kenneth Galbraith of his subject. That is, he is a wonderful writer who is bevolved by literary intellectuals and lionized by the media because he does not use algebra or difficult jargon. Unfortunately, it appears that he avoids these sins not because he has transcended his colleagues but because he does does not seem to understand what they have to say; and his own descriptions of what the field is about - not just the answers, but even the questions - are consistently misleading." If you want some more this is good too. http://lesswrong.com/lw/kv/beware_of_stephen_j_gould/ As an aside if someone can explain to me what the hell the big deal with spandrels is I'd appreciate it. AIUI they're features that arise because they're very strongly associated with something that's selected for but have no survival value themselves. They can then be co-opted for later evolution if some minor mutations make them into something that does, in and of itself, have survival value. You can tell the members of the village to piss off if you disagree with them but government are the men with guns who can make you do whatever they want. Alternatively any group of humans above the Dunbar number will be constrained to use blunt rule based systems, but below that you can take the circumstances and the persons involved into account. When the only thing stopping them doing whatever they want is them. A moment's reflection refutes this. In the world's most advanced economies most people work in and for large companies because they have outcompeted the small companies that weren't as good. Seriously, how many 100 person companies does it take to be as capable as IBM? I sympathise with your first sentence and mostly agree with it. The second is wrong, even if you don't understand it as it was meant, as government employee unions. But in the context of academia, plagiarism is not a summary offense. Academics are rewarded primarily for the originality of their work, and plagiarism is an offense against major community norms. The appropriate response to an offense against major community norms is removal from the community. I agree with all of that but these are undergraduates not academics. If you're not doing research you're not part of any academic community. Besides, they're business students, the proportion of people who don't give a dman about the hoops they have to get through to get the piece of paper to get the good job will be even higher than average. tl;dr Non researchers are not part of any academic community, they are not bound by its moral code. I believe Harvard Law has trivially obvious class rank from GPA metrics. Yale grades Pass/Fail. I was kind of horrified how bad the arguments against cryonics are[0]. As far as I can tell noone has ever gone to the trouble to seriously and in good faith argue against it, they just apply the absurdity heuristic and say its advocates are freaks/frauds etc. (And yet I have not made my contract of immortality with the cult of the severed head.) [0]lesswrong.com/lw/1r0/a_survey_of_anticryonics_writing/ In general I prefer being alive to being dead. It seems extremely likely that if we're capable of reanimating people who were dead we will be able to give them youthful bodies again. People don't seem to have huge problems with voluntarily supporting expensive invalids (children) for decades if it's a free choice. By analogy with asylum seekers immigrating to the first world I expect that people with radically lower human capital in their new environment normally adjust to their new lives and are relatively happy with them (otherwise they could go home or kill themselves) So; assuming technology sufficient for reanimation allows for rejuvenation I expect that people would very slowly adjust to their new surroundings (unless the differences between societies are larger than between Hmong hill tribesmen who had never seen a tv and 1960's America) and be generally happy with their new surroundings. Given that rejuvenation implies the possibility of eternal youth and health I assert that people could eventually totally integrate with their new society, though not all would. Still, if you're back at peak mental and physical fitness and you have more than 10 years to adapt to the culture and acquire education/human capital/skills why couldn't it work? Stem cells dude, they're totipotent[0]. Work is ongoing into infertility treatments based on them too[1]. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_potency#Totipotency [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stem_cell_treatments#Infertilit... that's ignoring all the potential social advantages of being roughly grouped by age Which are? Krav Maga and Combat Samba are the first two that come to mind. MMA is good, as are boxing and wrestling but they're not designed from the ground up for getting you as good as possible at beating people up as fast as possible. Carl Djerassi, Cosma Shalizi, Tyler Cowen, Richard Feynman, John von Neumann. Djerassi was a Stanford chemist and has multiple works of fiction published, Shalizi is a physicist/statistician/sociologist, Cowen is an economist/public intellectual, neither Feynman nor Vonneumann need introduction. http://moreintelligentlife.com/content/edward-carr/last-days... Don't pay 50 grand to spend a year abroad. Do whatever degree you decide to do as fast as humanly possible and then either start your working life, go to grad school, be a bum for a year, or volunteer someplace. Also, all of those people talking to you about social skills and college, ignore them. Spending three or four years getting older, making mistakes and doing stuff will make your social skills better. Deliberately making your social skills better works much, much faster and can be done anytime, though I must admit college is an easy time to do it. So all the people who are incapable of calculus can't appreciate pysics? That makes sense. It also restricts appreciation of physics to the top quartile, conservatively. Dropping out of college to run a startup is a bit like dropping out of college to play in a band. The chances of hitting the big time may be roughly similar but the median guy who's spent four years working on becoming a rockstar 30 hours a week, seriously, no bullshitting can play music well and has a very nice social circle, the median programmer-equivalent can get a well paying job even if he never makes it as a startup founder. Re: your last paragraph Degrees are less about learning than making sure you will do a certain amount of work for at least two years and more usually four, even if the work is dumb. So it signals intelligence and conscientiousness. Having a degree tells people you're at least capable of being a member of the middle class. You're intelligent and biddable enough. Elite university graduates also got some implicit training in the social norms of the upper classes, and by virtue of the intense competition to get in you can be sure anyone who graduated from them is smart. More accurately, anyone they accepted, the dropout rate for top tier US universities is very low (except for Caltech). And yes, people with degrees do think people without are dumber, and employers likewise, because its true. And alternative certifications for different modes of training/types of knowledge fall prey to the same problems. Having separate, respected educational systems, rather than one for the real people and one for the losers requires relatively low social mobility, or at least hard social mobility. Seneca College sounds real cool. The only treatment that has large proven effects is calorie restriction[0] although that really lowers ones quality of life. Intermittent Fasting [1] seems to have many of the same benefits without being anywhere near as hellish. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calorie_restriction [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intermittent_fasting Likewise though only for Gandhi. Race and IQ are not scientifically precise tools. Genetic Structure, Self-Identified Race/Ethnicity, and Confounding in Case-Control Association Studies We have analyzed genetic data for 326 microsatellite markers that were typed uniformly in a large multiethnic population-based sample of individuals as part of a study of the genetics of hypertension (Family Blood Pressure Program). Subjects identified themselves as belonging to one of four major racial/ethnic groups (white, African American, East Asian, and Hispanic) and were recruited from 15 different geographic locales within the United States and Taiwan. Genetic cluster analysis of the microsatellite markers produced four major clusters, which showed near-perfect correspondence with the four self-reported race/ethnicity categories. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1196372/ Genetic cluster analysis of the microsatellite markers produced four major clusters, which showed near-perfect correspondence with the four self-reported race/ethnicity categories. Of 3,636 subjects of varying race/ethnicity, only 5 (0.14%) showed genetic cluster membership different from their self-identified race/ethnicity. On self versus other identification I would expect differences to exist, and that those differences would depend on society, culture and environment but within a pretty small range. Here's another study on distinguishing ancestry by continent An ancestry informative marker set for determining continental origin: validation and extension using human genome diversity panels: http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-2156/10/39 It only uses 93 SNPs and is also reliable, except for distinguishing South Asians from West Eurasians. I'm sure they're working on it. :) Dude, I didn't do the study. Re: Sub Saharan Africans you can get a decent idea if someone has such ancestry from one allele. As one example, the Duffy Null allele (FY 0) has a frequency of almost 100% of Sub-Saharan Africans, but occurs very infrequently in populations outside of this region. A person having this gene is thus more likely to have Sub-Saharan African ancestors.* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancestry-informative_marker Obviously the more such alleles you test for the better you'll be able to distinguish the populations. This page gives links to ~300 AIMs which allow you to distinguish ancestry pretty well within Europe. http://www.snpedia.com/index.php/Ancestry_Informative_Marker Given that that's possible distinguishing continental ancestry seems to be a problem of application not theory. [T]he widely replicated result is that ANY "race" group defined by the varying social definitions around the world will still be highly diverse as to any genetic characteristic of interest. True, but I can't recall seeing anyone arguing the opposite. And the fact that two distributions overlap doesn't mean that knowing which distribution an individual belongs to contains no information. Men really are on average taller than women. What happened to DDD? I would recommend htmldog.com above w3schools for HTML and CSS. For javascript eloquentjavascript.net is good, and sqlzoo.net is good for SQL (or so I have heard). No doubt there are also some spectacular books for all of these. Please reply with recommendations. I imagine that the "security" is pretty toothless, but entirely adequate to keep out cargo cult programmers or others without abstract knowledge of web technologies and a problem solving mindset. It's less a security test than an autmated version of Fizzbuzz that good candidates are less likely to find insulting. No, the idea that the human race is progressing morally is a highly contentious bit of Enlightenment philosophy. The fact that we can have this conversation over the freaking internet is ample proof that humanity is progressing intellectually, given that it requires an insane amount of distributed knowledge and capabilities that didn't exist when the Enlightenment was beginning. Just US citizens. FYI a person can be credulous, meaning gullible, and a claim can be incredible, meaning hard to believe, but I'm not even sure incredulous is a word. Being a medic is no more a calling than being a lawyer is, and like being a lawyer or an accountant, many who do it hate their jobs even if they love the money. But they really love the money. Medical specialities in which "normal hours" exist include, but are not limited to, general practice, dermatology and radiology I strongly dispute that the investment/payoff ratio is worse for M.D.s than J.D.s. Lawyers 44-173K (Imputed median 108k) General Surgeon 225K Paediatrician, General 95K Family Physician 164K For various "Physician" categories the median goes from 118 to 217K. (All salary data taken from payscale.com) This neglects the fact that most people who finish medical school get fulltime permanent jobs as doctors, while getting a J.D. is a disastrously bad idea unless you can get into a T14 school, and not actually a good idea unless you can get into a T6[0] [0] http://insidethelawschoolscam.blogspot.com/ written by a law school professor http://balkin.blogspot.com/2011/10/depth-and-breadth-of-misl... evidence that newly qualified lawyers aren't getting paid much, even if they've got jobs Four hours a day is about the maximum amount of dedicated practice possible. Three is more usual. Think how much more satisfying it is to save people's lives and spend your days surrounded by people who treat you with respect, fear and dread than to spend 12 hour days doing really boring paperwork. They're reporting the results of a Phase III trial. You don't get past Phase I without proving safety. Stop tarring microeconomics with the brush you used on macro. Cost centres are to be minimised as far as possible. This occasionally means they will be minimised more than is wise and there will be an emergency when this shows up and someone has to fix it. Nevertheless a Cost Centre is a kind of janitor , an absolutely necessary thing that should be done, at the minimum cost that lends itself to an acceptable standard. Another concept that might enlighten you in this context is Core Competency . Everything that is not this can in theory be outsourced. In practice it may not be worth outsourcing because it would cost too much in time, money or communications overhead but the company exists to charge money to do its Core Competency and everything else is detail. Don't be detail. If you are hired to work on a cost centre you attempt to make or save money and either get a raise/bonus for doing so, or move to where you can, whether in the company or in another one. Finally, being only "kinda douche-y" makes you vastly less douche-y than just about everybody in the executive suite. Your colleagues are mostly not your friends. Your manager is definitely not your friend. Your manager's manger's job is partly to get as much value (work) out of people like you for the least money possible. If you are ever in a job where you and your (over)manager are directly antagonistic run like hell, but 100% aligned incentives are very, very rare. If you want keywords try "principal agent problem". You are not a sarariman, you will never have either job security or loyalty from above so don't act loyal from below, it just makes you a chump. Sunlight is the best disinfectant[0] Your second paragraph is so lacking in cynicism I can barely parse it. Three [1] people have received the Nobel Peace Prize for not being George W. Bush, and you think "peace" can be an apolitical concept? [0]Belief that members or agents of the government are more corrupt than average not included. [1]Carter, Gore, Obama Is there any reason to watch the videos if one has AIMA? Could one do the assignments without without ever watching a video? Email me and I'll get back to you. Or elance.com, vworker.com or odesk.com I suspect that the mean intelligence is a tiny fraction south of that of the general population (because of the incentive structure). The US military is not legally allowed to take people with IQs below 80. They have dropped or relaxed requirements about tattoos, criminal records, drugs and other stuff rather than drop the minimum score required on the AFQT. http://www.udel.edu/educ/gottfredson/reprints/1997whygmatter... Lest IQ 80 seem an unreasonably high (i.e., exclusionary) threshold in hiring, it should be noted that the military is prohibited by law (except under a declaration of war) from enlisting recruits below that level (the 10th percentile). That law was enacted because of the extraordinarily high training costs and high rates of failure among such men during the mobilization of forces in World War II (Laurence & Ramsberger, 1991; Sticht et al., 1987; U.S. Department of the Army, 1965). Minimum enlistment standards since World War II have generally been higher than the 10th percentile, and closer to what they are today for the different ser- vices: the 16th AFQT percentile (Army, about IQ 85), 21st (Marine Corps and Air Force, IQ 88), and 27th (Navy, IQ 91). So ultimately, all the Euro did was reduce German buying power and force Germans to work more. ADBOC[0].It seems to me that it actually works out more like redistributive taxation than one might naively think from what you wrote. An artificially cheap currency means more manufacturing jobs at static wages more than the same number of people working more hours. It has very approximately similar effects to progressive taxation, or more accurately it acts as a subsidy to the German manufacturing sector. I don't know (but doubt) if the German people would have signed up for this, but the possibility is stronger given that Germany is in the extremely unusual situation, for a developed country, of having a larger manufacturing sector than a services sector. I don't think I actually disagree with you on any point. [0]Agree denotationally but object conotationally Not that many although the tech industry doesn't seem to be going anywhere thank fate. Still, it's not like those jobs are even theoretically available to more than maybe a quarter of the population. One thing that surprised me when I read it[0] was the huge difference in profitability of domestic and multinational firms in Ireland per employee in the same sector. Twice as productive, twice . [0] http://www.gillmacmillan.ie/economics/economics/economy-of-i... The story I heard was that Francois Mitterand more or less extorted the commitment to the single currency out of Helmut Kohl as a quid quo pro for supporting German unification. The reasoning is approximately as follows: It was obvious by 1989 that monetary policy for European countries was de facto set in Frankfurt by the Bundesbank. The further you moved from the D-Mark interest rate the less D-Marks your currency would buy and reality would kick in inflating your currency. Mitterand had personal experience of this dynamic having been elected on a Socialist platform and ramped up spending without increasing taxes as much as would have been necessary to pay for the spending. So he wanted a voice in European monetary policy, so a European currency with a central bank modelled on the Bundesbank. So France wasn't duped at all . One proposed end game I've heard is the solid Euro zone currencies (DE,AT,NL,LX,FI, maybe FR, eventually PL and Estonia, maybe others) seceding to a new currency which would end with the ECB managing two currencies. The Euro, not as bad an idea as it looks in hindsight, though the scrutiny for countries that wanted in should have been much higher. I too downvoted you for attempting to use a veiled accusation of racism to shut down discussion. The Socratic method is one of the most annoying things ever, not the kind of thing that will be accepted by equals. It is a poor method of information/knowledge transfer, and thus wastes the time of the person looking for info while prolonging the period in which they are asking for something. It is close to a perfect example of claiming higher status than another. None of this calculation is normally said or even thought, but it is felt. People who appreciate the Socratic method, done well , are a small minority, and it is usually done badly. Let me sketch the exploit, assuming you are not that guy. Find someone who has done more than one highly impressive thing, prefereably in approximately the same line, who seems high energy and sociable. If they have anything resembling sales experience that's a big plus. One of the best hunting grounds will be in and around universities, as they're full of people with not much money and confidence that's higher than is justified, and some of them will be much more impressive than their age mates. Find one. Harvest startup ideas by say, looking at previous Show HN posts, or doing a Madlib generator on the Crunchbase DB for X of Y, and look for something that you can build a good story about explosive growth around, or have what you think is a good idea already. Sell your ambitious young go-getter on your idea, or on you, somehow, and start pitching VCs with your incredible story of wild growth and fantastic riches. Meanwhile iterate on your idea. Pivot if it looks like a good idea, and hope and pray for growth while pitching VCs all the freaking time. Basically, have an idea that could conceivably grow explosively and have a business guy with previous record of Impressiveness, capacity to Believe in your Great Idea, and the ability to Sell Stuff, including your Awesome Idea. If you are that guy, and you can program your own mockup and iterate you might be able to get into YC as a single founder. I would appreciate a much expanded version of what you just said. I am aware that Poe's Law states more or less that no parody is so extreme that it cannot be taken seriously by at least one person in the faction the author is atempting to parody. IBM's business model is approximately "We will solve your problems for piles and piles of money. Usually not problems that require technical breakthroughs or research level computer science knowledge, but ill-defined problems that involve many stakeholders, much politics, and complex business logic." They make their money as a professional services company (a model Buffett has no trouble understanding) that uses technology. That, at least, would be my take on it. Upvoted just for this: Interactive map – all companies and startups operating in East London http://www.techcitymap.com/index.html#/ I sit corrected. I think that punctuation to indicate seriousness/sarcasm would never catch on because it would interfere with deniability, deliberate obscurity, signalling and (im)plausible deniability. I wasn't really joking at all with my description. I mean there are almost certainly groups that fit that description perfectly among YC alumni. Why am I the only one mentioning them in this thread? Because most recruiters are ignorant incompetents, or at least most of the interactions that potential recruitess have are with ignorant incompetents. If you want a longer, more involved version of this look at Peroni's comment history, (formerly KoZeN). http://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=Peroni I disagree with its fundamental premise that the case system is a bad way to prepare students for the practice of law. But surely the ABA mandated "Socratic Method" is? I'm under the impression that it would only really make sense if law were lawful, which stare decisis aka argument from authority is valid renders ridiculous. Then you've got "hornbooks" (or so I believe they're called) which are a workaround of the fact that the Socratic method doesn't work. The other common law jurisdictions use the case law method, but they have decent text books, not functional kludges. On another note, why are J.D.s so long? I've read that the majority of essential legal education happens in the first year, what can in some schools be an M.L.S. (Master of Legal Studies) Can the apprenticeship part effectively be merged in with the academic part during law school? B.A. + M.L.S. + 1 or 2 years supervised traineeship = qualified attorney. That's approximately one of the methods of qualifying as a solicitor/barrister in the UK. Ctrl + F "Sentience/Intelligence" on the below link and you will get to the absolutely most relevant bits to your question. Crypto-intelligence isn't big enough to be a field but cognitive science is, and it covers all the interesting bits of neuroscience, psychology and philosophy. http://www.rifters.com/real/Blindsight.htm#Notes Don't waste your time reading it. AllTheImportantBits 1. NYC has overtaken Boston as a VC hub. 2. Bloomberg is trying to get a really great Tech University. 3. Living in New York is very attractive compared to living in Suburbia with great weather (Silicon Valley). What's the warning for? Same reason as TvTropes. Potential tab explosion/epic wasted time event. I hate to break it to you, but Ron Paul has way less influence on the Republican establishment than whoever the hell Issa, because he doesn't play ball. Also there's media bias, but mostly it's that he, and those like him, have next to no influence because they don't shift the median. You too can flag this post. Re:side effects of prolonged use. Adderall is safe if used responsibly, even over the long term. We even understand how it works, which is more than you can say about eugeroics, like modafinil. Not surprising, given that it's an amphetamine and the US military handed them out like caffeine pills in WW2 and last I heard still used them sometimes. Erdos also used speed the majority of his life. I believe there's a guide to safe long-term amphetamine use on the last psychiatrist, I'd link but I'm on my phone. One of my brother's Creative Writing lecturers was fond of the following fact There are more professional concert pianists in the UK than full-time authors of fiction. It's probably a J.D.,Psy.D.,Pharma.D. or some other "professional doctorate" abombination. I blame the US for this hideous dilution of the title, and qualification of Doctor. While being a young curmudgeon I will also condemn the practice of M.D.s being called Doctor. Is it just me, or is it just the cultural difference (I am from germany, where we - god be blessed - have laws against these kind of hours) IANAGerman but I lived there for a bit under a year. Don't the Bundeswehr(Army) and some of the big German companies offer a salary during the B.Sc.+M.Sc.in exchange for going to work for them for 10 years? Because this offer seems superior to me. Actually a better comparision would be an Ausbildung(Apprenticeship). The company would have to really be exploiting them for it not to be better than an Ausbildung. And by comparision with the apprenticeship system/vocational education system anywhere else, the German system is awesome. I have successfully convinced myself that this is an awesome opportunity and would apply if I was in a situation visa wise to do so. I can't speak for him but on the smallest (7''?) Kindle reading abstracts is a bit of a pain, reading single column per page is fine but double column is annoying enough I'm considering getting reading glasses or a magnifying glass. (I'm 27) I meant to email amazon to find out if you can dismiss the progress bar because with some pdfs it obscures the bottom line which is annoying as all hell. Still highly recommended. Edit: 10'' would almost certainly be fine . The zoom doesn't really fix the problems with double column pdfs either. Venture Capital is one of the standard exit opportunities for I-Banking analysts along with Private Equity, Hedge Funds and Corporate Finance. VC is in large part a sales job (selling potentail limited partners on your future returns) and anyone who can survive two years as an analyst is both intelligent, conscientious, has a prodigous capacity for work and is likely personable. All of these are helpful for being an entry level VC, who acts as coffe boy, secretary, research assistant etc. But that's not the prize, the prize is impressing somene enough to actually make partner, for which the roadmap goes Here Be Dragons . And remember, over 90% of VC funds lose money. I would be mildly surprised if the prestige (and return) funds didn't have more diverse backgrounds than the money bonfires. If you (who are hired rather than hiring) are doing it riht... 4-H Club president hurts your chances of admission, just like being involved in JROTC or anything else that has the faintest whiff of social conservatism. But what Espenshade and Radford found in regard to what they call "career-oriented activities" was truly shocking even to this hardened veteran of the campus ideological and cultural wars. Participation in such Red State activities as high school ROTC, 4-H clubs, or the Future Farmers of America was found to reduce very substantially a student's chances of gaining admission to the competitive private colleges in the NSCE database on an all-other-things-considered basis. The admissions disadvantage was greatest for those in leadership positions in these activities or those winning honors and awards. "Being an officer or winning awards" for such career-oriented activities as junior ROTC, 4-H, or Future Farmers of America, say Espenshade and Radford, "has a significantly negative association with admission outcomes at highly selective institutions." Excelling in these activities "is associated with 60 or 65 percent lower odds of admission." http://www.mindingthecampus.com/originals/2010/07/how_divers... Yes, but the Irish-British common travel area has been in existence since the instant there was a Republic. Our (Ireland's) visa policy on EU citizens is to all intents and purposes formulated in London because we're not going to have more than minimal border checks with the North and the UK isn't going to have internal border controls between the North and Britain. Not as weird as the fact that Irish people without UK citizenship, resident there can vote in all elections, and that UK citizens resident in Ireland can vote in all elections bar for President (seeing as Irish people in the UK don't get to vote on the Head of State.) And I live in China and don't have a proxy. At least let me use Google or Yahoo or something. Doctors go through significantly more schooling and receive significantly more professional development — yet they are still perceived with respect as professionals who care about their patients. Why can't we do the same for teachers? Because peoplegenerally have much less exposure to doctors and when they are they're desperate for either treatment or hope. Both of these contribute. Also, medical training is much harder than education. There are teachers at every average large high school who could have been doctors but they're a minority. The importance of class size is well-supported by systematic reviews and meta-analyses. [Citation needed] IIRC in disciplined classes between the sizes of 6ish and 40ish the results are very similar. He's probably talking about stop orders that lots of people put in for outsize volatility because the regulators do rollbacks. That means liquidity dries up, right? In my experience, to a doctor, even a good one, _at first_ it's just an annoying thing they have to do to get published and they don't really understand the significance of significances. There is an entire medical discipline that knowingly uses shitty statistics[0]. Then there are the ones who unknowingly use shitty statistics[1]. Absent someone with a qualification that is impossible to get without learning real statistics as a co-author the default when reading medical research should be that the result is either overblown or wrong. Biologists aren't much better than medical doctors, to my knowledge. [0] http://lesswrong.com/lw/72f/why_epidemiology_will_not_correc... [1] http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2010/11/lies-dam... A JD is not a research degree. It is a second entry degree, meaning there is no necessary reason it could not be an ordinary bachelor's degree. A JSD is the US Law School equivalent to a real doctorate. Obama was the first President of the HLS in yeeears not to publish. He's a very, very smart man but calling him an intellectual might be pushing it. His popular works are not brimming with ideas. Wasn't Merkel a chemist, not a physicist? The upper levels of the CCP are full of engineers, not scientists. Don't know about the next or nextnext leadership generations/cadres. "I'm more concerned with the human element. HR overhead, people making sure tasks are getting done well and in a timely manner. "but she doesn't deal with them like they were IP packets, does she?" - No she (he actually ;-) can't they're people." That's the point of Exec and of every we-can-disintermediate-this-or-make-it-massively-easier-by-using-IT-and-CS startup. They can treat people like IP packets. At some stage they'll have practically open hiring and most people will wash out fairly quickly but the ones who either excel or consistently fail to fuck up will just keep on getting tasks from Exec, the others won't. Please expand considerably on this point if you want anyone to understand what you mean rather than giving you the benefit of the doubt. I do not have yummyfajitas' experience, teaching at (minimally) a top 50 US university, I've only taught high school students whose parents are paying lots for them to be there. They mostly don't care. Teaching primary school sometimes leaves me exhausted but never demoralised, middle school is occasionally like watching the capacity to care drain out of you permanently. Anyone who does a Ph.D. for any reason other than a genuine love of research and a desire to become a professor is mad. There are fields where it's better or worse but none where a real doctorate[0] is the best way to get what you want except academia. If you like teaching getting a good Master's degree and some highschool teaching experience before teaching at an expensive prepschool would probably be more rewarding than teaching at most state universities. That the life of the mind and teaching the callow youth are currently bundled goods is a historical accident I devoutly hope to see ended within two decades; I'd love to see it happen sooner. Can you expand on this? Because I would find it impossible to separate German politics from culture/values, and I think many, many Anglophones would find the Deutschsprachige love of orderliness maddening; easily 30% even in a country like Denmark where practically everyone who is capable of working speaks nigh on flawless English. I realise the Danes aren't German but they're more ordentlich than the Dutch and it's that that would piss so many off, so fast. Has anyone written or thought deeply about all the ways that self-driving cars could be tricked or hacked into causing accidents, kidnapping passengers, driving off cliffs, running people over, or otherwise creating havoc? Please see Halting State , Charles Stross, aka cstross on this forum. Education reform is important too. Obama is pushing reform to get states to increase the age of required education to 18 [2]. Imagine if you had spent 6 hours a day 5 days a week for 12 years being forced to play sports. If the idea provokes violent horror in you you now have some idea how the people you would be forcing to stay in school would feel about it. And make no mistake; compulsory attendance at allegedly educational institutions is forced. Whether the superior outcomes for those thus compelled outweighs the poorer outcomes and massively less pleasant experience of those forced to share classrooms and teacher attention with sullen youth there under pain of imprisonment is aquestion to be dealt with in ones own head. Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain Ticino, Switzerland Slovenia The psychological literature on expertise and mastery is nothing to do with "igon value"[0] Gladwell. If any one person were to be associated with deliberate practice it should be K. Anders Ericsson[1]. Gladwell is an excellent storyteller; that is the extent of his talents. And a goal as vague as "a successful startup" is extremely unlikely to get you anywhere. You need a great deal more specificity and short time periods so you can tell if you're going right or wrong. [0] http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/15/books/review/Pinker-t.html... http://languagelog.ldc.upenn.edu/nll/?p=1897 [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K._Anders_Ericsson http://www.psy.fsu.edu/faculty/ericsson.dp.html Hirealert is interesting independently of the founding team but once they get any real traction they've got a target a mile wide on them for implicit discrimination lawsuits in the USA for any videos that make it possible to distinguish ethnicity. This effects voice explanations as well. Also this We really try to work with data to understand which questions work the best. You can think about it like designing the SATs for different jobs is for all practical purposes illegal in the USA due to Griggs v. Duke Power Company[0] and the misbegotten offspring of legal reasoning uncontaminated by any knowledge of statistics that is the 80% rule[1]. But who knows they might survive and thrive and hiring is a ridiculously huge market. Good luck to them. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Griggs_v._Duke_Power_Company [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adverse_impact#The_80.25_rule It is sufficient to make it much more probable that we can't process it very well assuming one believes in evolution. Water bottles were designed[0] to be easy to use. Our digestive system (and everything else about us) are a series of hacks on top of hacks on top of hacks that happened to make their carriers more likely to have descendants. That an abundance of simple sugars is novel in our diets is at least weakly suggestive that we will be poorly adapted to them. There's even evidence for this; in general the shorter a time a population has had agriculture the higher the prevalence of (Type 2) diabetes. Aboriginies, Pacific Islanders, Native Americans all have way, way higher rates than Asians or Europeans. The Arab world has had agriculture for at least as long as anyone else and they have diabetes out the wazoo though in the more developed parts, perhaps a side effect of really, really liking sweet tea and incredibly sweet treats. [0] Designed things and evolved things are not even remotely equivalent in an argument about evolutionary changes. Minds can make things better ludicrously faster than the Blind Idiot God. http://lesswrong.com/lw/kr/an_alien_god/ He said education, not certification. University education normally bundles instruction, examination and certification but it's not a necessary feature. What is the maximum number of children a man can have? What is the maximum number of children a woman can have? What does this imply about the best strategy for maximising number of descendants for men and for women? Male mating strategies exhibit far higher skew than female ones. Men have higher variance than women in every trait I know of, from heighth to IQ scores to income. Men take more risks. Here's[0] where you'll find the most convenient counterarguments or pointers to same. Here's[1] the best book I've encountered on the general topic. The introductory chapter is excellent. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criticism_of_evolutionary_psych... [1] http://books.google.com.hk/books/about/The_Handbook_of_Evolu... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ravens_Progressive_Matrices Yes, and that book would be a wonderful example in a class on polemic because any relationship to the truth is incidental to its purpose. It ignores the modern science of psychometrics and the vast majority of the material it deals with predates the 60s. Outside of the areas where Gould was an expert ([snail] paleontology) I would actively avoid reading anything by him. If its valuable, someone else would have picked it up, but if it's directly from Gould it could be a rehash of something someone else said better more than a decade earlier that he never cited.[0] Please note that in that case I'm assuming incompetent literature review, not plagiarism. But we also have what looks like another example of politically motivated incompetence or fraud[1]. For specific criticism of Mismeasure of Man look here[2]. For criticism of Gould's general importance as an evolutionary theorist, I quite like this I am not sure how well this is known. I have tried, in preparation for this talk, to read some evolutionary economics, and was particularly curious about what biologists people reference. What I encountered were quite a few references to Stephen Jay Gould, hardly any to other evolutionary theorists. Now it is not very hard to find out, if you spend a little while reading in evolution, that Gould is the John Kenneth Galbraith of his subject. That is, he is a wonderful writer who is bevolved by literary intellectuals and lionized by the media because he does not use algebra or difficult jargon. Unfortunately, it appears that he avoids these sins not because he has transcended his colleagues but because he does does not seem to understand what they have to say; and his own descriptions of what the field is about - not just the answers, but even the questions - are consistently misleading. His impressive literary and historical erudition makes his work seem profound to most readers, but informed readers eventually conclude that there's no there there. (And yes, there is some resentment of his fame: in the field the unjustly famous theory of "punctuated equilibrium", in which Gould and Niles Eldredge asserted that evolution proceeds not steadily but in short bursts of rapid change, is known as "evolution by jerks"). [3] [0] http://lesswrong.com/lw/kv/beware_of_stephen_j_gould/ [1] http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2011/06/gould-morton-revis... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mismeasure_of_Man#Criticism... [3] http://www.pkarchive.org/theory/evolute.html You do realise they pay all taxes they are obliged to pay in every jurisdiction they operate in, right? Do you think Brown v. Board is one of the cases SCOTUS got wrong? Genuinely curious. I'm not yummyfajitas nor am I speaking for him. I believe he's looking for a principle somewhere that links people's moral outrage and the law. People either have their principles or they have the law. If people are having an argument about what is moral the law is irrelevant, if they're having an argument about what is moral the law is irrelevant. A consistent argument would be either legal or moral. Any argument that treats the law as having moral weight is assigning some kind of quasi-sacred status to it. Either the PATRIOT Act is legal therefore it is right is an argument that has some weight however tiny XOR it doesn't. Why do you think But it's not just "the Supreme Court decided it and thus it is so" (although when push comes to shove...). It's also that the SCOTUS decisions are a hint book to arguments like this. They're just some political appointees who're mostly very, very smart. The important bit is the political appointees though. If you just assume Republican appointees vote Republican and Democrats Democrat on any given policy position you don't go far wrong. What moral weight can that have? But law is one of those areas where ad hominem is literally true. If the Supreme Court says something is the law then it is, unless there's a constitutional amendment overturning it. > If you have a problem with Bulgarian criminals, then complain to your police force. The Swedes likely don't have a problem with Bulgarians. He says Bulgarians and Romanians so he means gypsies. He may not know this but even if he does he's Swedish so saying that it's a gypsy problem would get him in shit socially. http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/myqdy/why_do_euro... In the USA? No, there aren't. They're mentally ill or serious drug abusers. Also, your money can go a hell of a lot further and help a hell of a lot more people even in in the US. But you can save a life for about 800 dollars in the developing world. http://www.givewell.org/ http://lesswrong.com/lw/37f/efficient_charity/ http://lesswrong.com/lw/6z/purchase_fuzzies_and_utilons_sepa... Female fertility starts declining from about 24 and starts dropping like a rock from about 35. Men have less to worry about but there are still declines. It is possible to help people who are homeless in the USA who are neither mentally ill nor drug abusers. The mentally ill are incapable of accepting or using the help available to them. The drug addicts prefer the drugs and being homeless to being off drugs. There is more than a little help available for people who want to quit drugs and if you want to see what kind of support is available for the homeless in the USA visit San Francisco, the only first world city I am aware of where one regularly has to dodge human faeces in the street. I'm not saying they don't deserve help. I'm saying that your money can do more good elsewhere, which is not something I'm willing to argue as being blatantly obvious. If one subscribes to the idea that there is a continuum of "deserving" to "undeserving" poor most of the drug addicts fall under undeserving and the USA is no longer willing to imprison people indefinitely for being mentally ill so they're probably beyond help. Very possibly also better off because mental hospitals are the closest I have ever seen to Hell, but beyond help. None of that needs to cost most of $100,000 dollars. Makers - Part I, is in fact very good. Just pretend that there is no part II or III. > Is it just me, or does this reek of elitism? Yes. Isn't it awesome? Which country whose ideology was officially Communist is or was least bad for its people? I'm not a scholar of ex(communist) states but I'm thinking either Cuba or the former Yugoslavia. I am not aware of any attempt to bring communism into practice that could be called a humanitarian success. The other totalitarianism isn't exactly great either but it at least seems less murderous internally. If I believed all politicians were power hungry amoral bastards then this wouldn't be that strong of evidence against communism but depressingly enough they're mostly sincere[0]. Communism appears to be a wonderful system for social insects. Humans, not so much. [0] It would be extremely surprising if they didn't show the same over representation of psychopaths as corporate executives but that still leaves 24 out of 25 politicians as moral creatures. Less manly sounds stupid. Saying that other people are performing a status play intended to raise their status at your expense conveys the same information without making anyone sound like an idiot. Why would Pakistanis want to be able to write their name in a Mojahir language? They could write it in English, Punjabi, Sindhi or Pushtun instead. And you exaggerate as to how shit education is. * According to the latest Pakistan Social and Living Standards Measurement (PSLM) Survey 2008‐09, the overall literacy rate (age 10 years and above) is 57% (69% for male and 45% for female) compared to 56% (69% for male and 44% for female) for 2007‐08. The data shows that literacy remains higher in urban areas (74%) than in rural areas (48%), and is more prevalent for men (69%) compared to women (45%). However, it is evident from the data that overall female literacy is rising over time, but progress is uneven across the provinces. When analyzed provincially, literacy rate in Punjab stood at (59 %), Sindh (59%), Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (50%) and Balochistan at (45%). The literacy rate of Sind and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa has improved considerably during 2007‐08 to 2008‐09 (Table 10.2) male/female maennlich/weiblich i.e. We'll employ you regardless of your genitalia. Nowhere on Earth has a higher opinion of academic degrees and higher education than the German speaking world. And if anyplace equals it I don't know where it is. I'm 28, but on behalf of all those who are legally powerless and who have other people 'looking after their longterm best interests' we'd prefer you didn't. The Republic of Ireland broke parity with the pound sterling in either 1973 or 1976, I forget which. So there was either a 51 or 53 year long period in which you could take Irish currency to the Central Bank on dame Street and exchange it at par. It can be done without the actve co-operation of the country whose currency you're pegging. On a more mundane note the SNP currently seems to be aiming for devo-max, (devolution maximum) where Foreign and Defence policy stay with Westminster and in other matters Scotland is for practical purposes independent. Devil's in the details of course. He lies!!! The weather is crap, the minimal acceptable standard of food is lower than anywhere else in Western Europe except Britain (on a par) and it's quite expensive to live anywhere considering what you get out of it, whether in the West (where the weather is bad from even an Irish POV) or in Dublin (the capital and Ireland's only credible claim on a city). If I ever move back to Europe I'm heading to Berlin. Ireland's weather is awful and it's depressing as hell to be in a country where everyone is leaving. Never mind 9GAG, what about Zynga? More like Shenzhen than a gated community. Thirty years ago Shenzhen was a fishing village of 3,000 people. It was chosen as the site of the first Special Economic Zone in China, based on Ireland's successful experiment in Shannon. Today Shenzhen is one of the richest, most populous cities in China. Millions of people have been directly lifted out of poverty by Shenzhen's success and millions more indirectly because its success made arguing for similar policies elsewhere in China easier. Whoever put their career on the line to propose the SEZ may have done more good for more people than the entire post WW2 aid industry has. Money is fungible or, a dollar is a dollar. We know with near certainty that 1600 dollars will save one life if spent on the best mosquito bednet charity. It may be the case that Charter Cities can and will lift millions out of poverty. It seems a plausible idea. If it is true the faster it happens the better. I'm fairly confident they have much less money than they'd like so they can productively put any donation to work. Really, it's a choice between the near certainty of saving a life and the possibility that one could save many more. It beats donating to the Society for Curing Rare Diseases in Cute Puppies. > Since only a few users are able to down vote, that down voting had to be heavily or entirely from HN mods. This site has been running for more than five years. Trust me, the overwhelming majority of users who can downvote aren't mods, they're not even regular participants in the conversation; they're probably mostly lurkers who submit decent articles. Your comments are mostly flip, and provide little value. That's why they get downvoted; you're trying to be funny and by the community standards you're not. That's right. If trauma medicine was still at the levels of the 70's the US murder rate would be about five times higher than it is. Cigarette advertising is still legal in the USA right? And a packet of cigarettes costs less than an hours work at minimum wage because the taxes aren't that high, right? That was interesting. In a post that took less than 5 minutes to read I learned the author has undergraduateresearch experience, was admitted to an MD/PhD programme and is an inveterate namedropper. There was alsp something about some startup he's involved in, how tons of people wanted in and he (and possibly existent but never mentioned cofounders) have only hired engineers. That's at least three overt uses of social proof; too overt, like an MBA who does not inderstand that his attitude will cause many, many nerds to think he's probably not bearable company. There was also something about some incubator's application process in there somewhere. (Citation needed) To be slightly less flip at some point you reach the point of duminishing returns where the money could do more good elsewhere. Also, the overwhelming majority of education interventions don't scale. Leftist is completely redundant in the above comment. If you don't have a committed hard core of true believers you have a talking shop not a poitical mvement; left or right. Your analysis of the situation is basically correct but your judgmental tone and general sneering attitude to those with social problems are the mark of a cock. I have no idea where you live or what your skills are but lsc pn this board (Luke Crawford of prgrm.com fame) talks a lot about hiring people who know what they're doing but interview badly. If you are either in San Francisco or can dp sysadmin there are worse ideas. He has remote positions at least sometimes. Indeed, letting teachers decide what to do on the basis of what's rasiest and most convenient for them is bound to have a 1:1 correspondence with the best way for people to learn. Very interesting. I can't speak to the podcast but I highly recommend the transcript. My takeaways: (1) If you are an expert in something and are disciplined enough to set up a consistent routine for writing you can probably write an ebook. (2) At least for designers you probably don't need to sell in any format but pdf. (3) If you want to maximise your reach or the growth in your personal brand it may be best to sell something at impulse buy levels. (4) To maximise the cash you earn directly, in sales, you should offer different packages at different price points. (5) Both of these authors spent significant time and money (works out very similarly) on layout, look and feel, different formats. Personal commentary Ebooks do not need to be that long, at least technical ones. Sometimes books can be dense or have content that is valuable not because it's hard to understand but because rediscovering it yourself takes valuable time. I don't think either author put in more than 200 hours work; I don't believe either put in more than 150. You should offer at least three packages if you're price segmenting. This has two purposes, the middle package looks totally reasonable compared to the premium one but if you only have more or less impulse buy and middle people will go impulse. The bigger reason is that most of your money will come from people buying the complete package for whom real actionable advice saves them their time and money, or people with corporate credit cards for whom the difference between $50 and $150 is non-existent. I doubt if having more than five packages helps because that's about the limit of gradations people can hold in their heads intuitively rather than as abstractions. The reasoning for three packages is given above, anchoring. Probably a good idea to a/b test it. Bits that were not obvious in retrospect and not previously covered in Patrick's writings or just obviously really important. 1. Patrick's consulting rate has more than septupled since he began consulting (or possibly just this year, can't remember.) 2. The longest he has ever waited to get paid by a client he would be happy to work with again is nine months. 3. On a related note: The bigger your client is the more bureaucratic BSthey will have so they get the special “I expect dealing with you on a business level to be hell” surcharge. 4. Becoming a consultancy is a different deal from being a consultant, even an extremely high end one. Brennan made less as yhe principal of a consultancy than as a consultant for the first year and a half. If you take the commendable attitude that making payroll is sacred you should have $30K set aside for “Despite cashflow issues, we made payroll” purposes. 5. On a related note: When the business has a bumper year employees get a 3-5% payrise. When things are looking like shit they still get paid what was previously negotiated, on time. Most people are, quite sensibly, risk averse. If they want the upside they can take the downside too. There is a great deal more that's very valuablr in the transcript, like the discussion of the change in attitude that comes with charging more nut those struck me especially. Oh, and there's a link to a tptacek ccomment that is step by step guide to making LOTS AND LOTS OF MONEY. 3. Not a surcharge an anti-discount 4. That's 30k per employee. I'd have edited the original post but commenting on HN from a Lenovo phablet is hell. Speaking as a current kindergarten teacher it's as.intellectually stimulating as watching paint dry. Nice and rewarding helping and educating kids but all I can say is thank fuck for the internet and naptime. And being a nurse is not a “fun” job. Working in fashion or the arts is one of those things where most of the compensation doesn't come in monetary form but neither healthcare nor education are fun like that. Possibly, but what makes engineering different from say law? Higher social status. For any given amount of money the job with more autonomy wins. Also, just by virtue of being a more verbally focused field lawyers will tend to have higher social skills than the average engineer. Said differently engineering has a higher proportion of the socially maladroit than law. Women have much less tolerance for that kind of stuff. All of the fields you mention, law, engineering, accounting demand intelligent, conscientious, hard working people but engineering is unusually willing to tolerate weirdness if the person can get the job done compated to the others and is less autonomous. That doesn't explain everything but it goes a long way. I became a kindergarten teacher because I like kids and I much prefer teaching younger ages to teenagers. Maybe adults are better again but here in China there is infinite demand for (native) English speakers to teach at all levels. I am not professionally qualified to do what I'm doing but my Chinese coteachers are and the difference in what we do is not that large. My current lack of enthusiasm is not just for my job but for everything. It's been a very long week. After a day or two off more real enthusiasm returns but the job is not intellectually stimulating except for trying to help spme special kids and while reading psychology is fun applying the concepts involved is remarkably similar to common sense. Or what seems commonsensical to me; I've been reading psychology textbooks well before I came to China and started teaching. I like kids, I enjoy playing with them and it's satisfying helpinh them learn English and learn to read, helping socialise them. But the longer I do it theore I think John Taylor Gatto is right. For sure age matched education is wrong. When I have kids I'm going to try home/unschooling them if s Summethill type school is unavailable. I believe Steiner is similar hippy shit. As far as your own kids go the Kindergarten Ausbildung is thorough anf professional, as I'm sure you're well aware. For what it costs and the pull and effort it takes to get a place it should be. But what I'd concentrate on is are your kids having fun and developing social skills in kindergarten. Intellectal development is something you are much better suited to deal with. And I am learning to programme. It's going very slowly. Absent a large rise in the earnings of engineers relative to lawyers the skills demanded by both professions are such that the average lawyer will always bemore verbally facile than the average engineer. Whoever has better facility with words has better social skills, on average. So lawyers have higher social skills. Your thought experiment in which companies discriminate against men in hiring might work. It would need to be forced upob all participants in a field/economic sector because if it was voluntary those who were not discriminating would be hiring from a superior talent pool. They'd win, on average. I thonk it would be unfair to women who could have made it on their own merits too, but hey. Absent a large rise in the earnings of engineers relative to lawyers the skills demanded by both professions are such that the average lawyer will always bemore verbally facile than the average engineer. Whoever has better facility with words has better social skills, on average. So lawyers have higher social skills. Your thought experiment in which companies discriminate against men in hiring might work. It would need to be forced upob all participants in a field/economic sector because if it was voluntary those who were not discriminating would be hiring from a superior talent pool. They'd win, on average. I thonk it would be unfair to women who could have made it on their own merits too, but hey. Your point about possible stable equilibria I don't have any beef with. But honestly I think the “problem” is more on the supply than the demand side. Fewer women find engineering/technology attractive than men. Women have better options given their preferences than tech. Normally this would be where I linked to the Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth paper showing girls who entered math competitions withr similarly skilled boys to leak out of the tech/science/engineering path much more but I'm on my phone. Bowing out. Sklo-DOV-ska Sclo like it's halfway between a and o, _not_ an “oh”. All of what you said is true but this guy's son hsd early onset schizophrenia. The prognosis for late onset is really bad but for late onset it's terrible. Most schizophrenics are not capable of a full and productive life unless medicated and many, many people fail to keep up their treatment regimen because the drugs are hell for many too. ADHD has a lot to do with poor impulse control. Most prisoners have low impulse control and are stupid. Mental hospitals suck. Some suck more, some less but if you visit people in them you will be under no illusions but that they all suck. Your second sentence is true. What I said is also true; Most prisoners have low impulse control and are stupid. A distinction without a difference. I would be stunned to find out that more than 5% of US universities got a minority of their funding from the government , and who pays the piper calls the tune. For my purposes state guaranteed and subsidised student loans count as they wouldn't happen without it and the restrictions placed upon which institutions' students are eligible are another example of government power over universities. Nebulous? Sure. To be more explicit; I assume absent extremely syrong evidence that people and institutions rarely follow a pattern of pissing off those upon whom their livelihoods depend. There's a great Upton Sinclair quote to that effect but I'm on my phone. Again, who pays the piper calls the tune. Not saying there's a cabal deciding all this but ideologies need not be explicit to have power. On an unrelated note, I don't expect to change your mind and while I'd be glad if you were to “cede the point” I do not argue with that aim in mind. Expecting to change your interlocutor's mind when you argue on the internet is the mark of a fool. This isn't lesswrong; most commenters aim to win arguments, not mote closely approach the truth. Arguing on the internet is for the rraders, the audience. tokenadult will not be convinced by yummyfajitas that the US education system is excellent but every time he disses it yummyfajitas brings up the same excellent argument and tokenadult refuses to engage with it and makes ad hominem attacks and appeals to authority. To some people this does not seem like someone with the facts on his side. I have a Lenovo S220, a China only phone not appreciably smaller than a Samsung Note. It fits just fine into the front pockets of all of my jeans and cost 2000 Yuan which is a little over $250. If you're male you should not have any problems finding a phone that fits your criteria unless you demand a “free” phone. Even some women's clothes have suitable pockets. He is talking about Google. Probably Adwords but maybe other Google properties too. “Igonvalue” Gladwell is not responsible for the 10,000 hours meme either. The single person who has done most for the expertise research literature is K. Anders Ericsson but he didn't do it alone. To associate intellectuals and researchers with Gladwell is to do them a disservice. I really, really doubt that. They pulled back on “patriotic education” which is honestly something a relatively large minority cared strongly about. If they tried to phase out Cantonese everyone who didn't move from the mainland would go ape. Also, Mandarin isn't even an official language, Cantonese and English are it. Pshaw, sir, pshaw, I say! The gentleman is not alone. Some of us don't even have decent home internet, let alone a VPN and must rely .upon their smartpone for sweet, sweet internet access It could be worse, you could be a black woman. Yes. Older women also get offended when men want to date younger (looking) women. Reversion to the mean always kicks in. Give immigrant Asians 30 more years -and you'll see them well integrated and achieving the same as average Americans Yeah, just like Americans of Jewish ancestry! A group that came over most poor and not speaking the language very well and with low social capital and mostly did very well, and whose children did very well will revert all the way to average. If you're a naive investor you're cheating yourself. Vanguard, index funds and “A Random Walk Down Wall Street” are all old. Yes, and everybody else on that list has values which they allow to override their narrow pecuniary self interest too. There's only one Harvard. It's the most prestigious undergraduate university on Earth. Hey, I'd prefer to live, study at, or work at Oxford too, or Cambridge, but there is actually only one Harvard. The first sentence of my post is true and was responding to its parent post saying there's only one MSU. Harvard is definitely the most prestigious university in the US, just as Oxford is definitely the most prestigious university in the UK. Please noye I said nothing anout quality of education. In China, Peking, Tsinghua, Fudan are all in the top 5. Not as prestigious as your kid getting into HYPS, or many other foreign universities. For France there are the Grandes Ecoles like Sciences Pos or Ecole des Mines. The Sorbonne is a normal public university, of normal selectivity, with no way of attracting anything but normal academics. The German and Italian systems have no equivalent of the Grandes Ecoles. There are good departments but no good universities. I think most smart people will rise to the occasion, if they like their work and feel respected. Most smart people carries an awful lot of weight in that sentence. And respect can be traded off against liking. Valve is an existence proof that this is a feasible mode of organisation but I would be surprised if it worked with a workforce that was not above average in intelligence, conscientiousness or both. Isn't bioinformatics like biology in that the minimum qualification to be more than someone else's staff/glorified lab tech is a Ph.D.? Forgive me for being a status/autonomy whore but it sounds like you are a respected, professional, “part of the team” . Neither money nor more importa tly prestige flows that way. I have absolutely no doubt that the work you are doing is useful, relevant and a genuine contribution to society and the enterprise of science. But how many people who are “just” programmers or “just” bioinformaticians, no Ph.D. end up as first, second or third authors on papers? That is the coin of the realm, right? It certainly is in Chemistry, Biology and Big Lab/Group Physics, yeah? On my Chinese Android phone gmail will load enough for me to see it's gmail but I get “no offline messages”. In Shanghai. Google.com is blocked too. Neither google.com nor gmail were blocked yesterday. Youtube has always been blocked and Docs has worked once since I got here. And it's back. Don't listen to this guy. Building relationships is a huge part of how you go grom one of the massive pile of mostly crap resumes to someone who can skip that and get a warm interview. If you have spoken to someone and they remember who you are, you have a relationship. If you develop relationships with people who might hire you later, maybe they don't hire you, but maybe they can introduce you to someone who will. The EV of contacting people like this is high. You should do it. They can't afford iphones-5,000yuan(it will be stolen). Not true. I can see a Samsung Note and an iPhone from where I'm standing in a Shanghai metro carriage. All bar one of the Chinese teachers I work with have an iPhone and they make about a third of what I do per month. Actually that's only at my M-F job. But iPhones are a majority among the Chinese teachers I work with. And China, or at least Shanghai, is very, very safe. If you're unlucky you may be pickpocketed but you will not be mugged. Not really but some firms have tried. There are equity and non equity partners at some firms, for example. If you eant more detail than you will ever use use google Adam Smith, Esq. Charlie's extended family is a great deal smaller than it would otherwise have been due to the Holocaust. He's aware it did more than suck but that's not the point of the article. As far as contemporary Middle Eastern culture goes I don't see how a leftist would look positively on it even if everywhere was as secular as the most secular part thereof, Tunisia. That's the standard way of doing things in the UK and the former British Empire. Go straight from doing a Bachelor's, with coursework to doing research. He probably did the Masters programme requirements while technically an undergrad. The other interpretation is that he's part of the Ph.D. programme but he's a Ph.D. student (still doing coursework) rather than a Ph.D. candidate (gotta finish up that research and write papers/a thesis.) If you click on the permalink you can flag individual comments. The social status of people on exactly the same income can differ markedly. My first idea on how I'd disentangle SES effects from income would be parental highest degree. I imagine the average MBA is smarter than the average BA but dumber than the average PhD. And JDs and MDs will make more than any of them. If you restrict your sample to those with over 100K in annual income there will still be some people who are self employed trades people even. And the way I'd bet would be that the children of (Educational attainment group X) have more in common with their counterparts with poorer parents than with the group (has rich parents). Read Bryan's book, read Judith Rich Harris' “The Nurture Assumption”, read Amy Chua's book. Read the literature on heritability and mutability of personality traits and intelligence. It's all left me thinking that if I'm going to go for more aggro I'll just go for another child or earning more money. And Amy Chua really, really did not beat the soul out of either of her daughters. The space of non abusive First World middle class parenting styles encompasses her easily. Grad schools look at GRT results, but usually only to make sure you didn't completely bomb the test. You will not get into a top ten Economics grad programme without a perfect GRE Math score unless you are really impressive on some other metric. Neither (near) perfect grades nor undergraduate research of a high calibre will either. These are basically expected. To my knowledge Math and Physics have equivalent standards. These programmes (Top 10) graduate the majority of Ph.D.s in their fields. Within them it looks like GRE doesn't matter but that's because everyone there reaches a high minimum. But GRE scores predict research productivity so they're definitely measuring something meaningful. Programmes that are less selective have worse outcomes. They're less rigourous than programmes that can assume greater ability and preparation of their students. Many people love to hate on standardised tests but IQ tests and IQ test equivalents like the GRE, GMAT, LSAT, SAT etc. are the best predictor of workplace performance besides work sample tests. For the time investment involved they are absurdly effective. If you want to improve the usefulness of certifications like A+ you could just show percentile score rather than a simple Pass/Fail. I regret that being on my phone renders me unable to provide citations but if you HNsearch tokenadult worksample tests you'll come up with sone relevant stuff. For all our supposed good policies, we are still subject to mob rule and completely uninformed detractors. To democracy! All hail the will of the people! I'm planning to write an overview article about the various bootcamps and online courses teaching programming. If you know of any I'd appreciate pointers so I can have as broad a survey as possible. Thanks so much. I will be reaching out. Whether Northern Ireland is a country depends on who you're talking to. And possibly the day you talk to them. Matasano's careers page is the best I have ever seen. http://matasano.com/careers/ There are more people just in London than in all of Ireland. And London sucks in the ambitious and talented from the rest of the UK and to a lesser extent Ireland. It's also pretty accessible and attractive to the rest of the EU and not that hard to move to for most Commonwealth citizens. And two of the world's top ten universities are in commuting distance. At a guess London's student population is larger than Ireland's too, and besides the aforementioned Oxford and Cambridge, London has two other top 100 universities, King's and Imperial. The talent pool they'll be hiring from will probably be the EU anyway. Hi, how much trouble have non-US people had getting (US) jobs afterwards? I know you support yourselves by acting as recruiters and it seems likely that it would be really hard for people without permanent residence to get visas. I'm in favour of banning smoking in all enclosed workplaces and I can see why people are against public drinking. Cigarette smoke smells vile and triggers asthma attacks. From the Irish experience people go “outside” to the patio/courtyard. This means you can drink and smoke but people aren't forced to endure your pollution. As far as public drinking goes, yes it is lovely but not all countries have as healthy a drinking culture as Germany. I loved going to the Neckarwiese with friends when I lived in Heidelberg and having some beers and a barbecue. But most countries have more Assis than Germany per head, more assholes who would start fights, be loud and obnoxious etc. Or just more binge drinkers. I'm pretty sure legal street drinking just wouldn't work in Ireland or Britain. Too many drunks. I smoke in bars maybe twice a week and drink on the street or in a park pretty regularly. Perhaps allowing public drinking, in the long run, might actually foster a 'healthier' drinking culture though. Maybe in the very long run but I doubt it. And in the long run we're all dead. Personally I doubt drinking culture is really that malleable. In Europe the further north you go the more people drink, on average. Whether it's cultural or genetic drinking culture seems quite stable. As to the Dutch I am not terribly surprised. If they legalise cocaine it will also generally be used more sensibly than in most countries. Have there really always been bars that didn't allow smoking? I never saw any in Ireland before the smoking ban. It's not a viable business model. The rationale behind a ban is approximately thus: Smoking is unpleasant for non-smokers who are a majority. Due to co-ordination problems non smoker disutility from being exposed to cigarette smoke outweighs smoker utility from smoking and this is stable and bad. The government, in an attempt to increase total utility bans smoking in workplaces and total utility goes up. Forced is perhaps the wrong word but I'm just hoping they bring in a smoking ban here in Shanghai. Going outside to smoke just isn't that much of a hardship and it makes things more pleasant for non smokers and many smokers. This is one of the reasons women have superior colour vision to men so it's likely enough. Some women have two different types of red cones while men have a maximum of one. There are many other sex linked diseases as well. Unless an allele is fully dominant if it's on the X chromosome men will display hreater variance. Non paternity events in the general population in Western nations occur in around 2% of cases. The higher the SES the lower the prevalence. He charges $X0,000 per week for his consulting services and has had more than modest success in doing outreach/education/marketing through his blog and participation here and on the SEOmoz and Business of Software boards. He's past the point where writing a book is the most remunerative use of his time. * Federalized constitutional republics seem to work well.* Pfft, you can't generalise that much from just Switzerland. The following review article by gwern gives a much better overview of psychopathy. http://lesswrong.com/lw/fzy/notes_on_psychopathy/ If the Scientific American article is representative of the book the world would probably have been better off had it never been written. For psychopaths other people are means, not ends. If wrecking your life will get them a more pleasant afternoon with no/small chance of danger to themselves they'll do it. Psychopaths are indeed charming, ruthless and focused. They are charming because they got more practice at lying, cheating and stealing before they were fifteen than most get by the time they turn thirty. Vastly diminished anxiety helps too. They are ruthless because to them other people are objects. You relate emotionally more like a dog than like a psychopath. And mostly they are not focused on any long term goal. Their focus is very much on the now. They rarely have any long term goals or projects and if they do, remember, people are things. White collar or professional psychopaths may not go to prison for assault but they will lie, cheat and steal their way to any goals they may have. For further reading on psychopathy read anything by Rober D. Hare, the dean of the field. I can recommend Snakes in Suits: When Psychopaths go to Work Have you ever felt guilt, love or anxiety? Dogs do, psychopaths don't. Switzerland Male attractiveness is a lot more malleable than female attractiveness. Go to the gym, learn how to tell if clothes fit you and what colours suit you, always shower and shave, and get a decent haircut. You have now jumped 5-10% in attractiveness. Those are the biggest relatively easy gains. Posture isn't that hard to fix but it's hard to keep it fixed. After that there's the hard shit, becoming a more interesting, fun or rich person. When was the last time direct democracy was actually tried? I can't think of any examples. I don't disagree with your conclusion; any direct democracy substantially above the Dunbar number is likely to have a fairly short period of mob rule followed by adopting some other form of governent once the civil war/rioting stops. We have been furnished a more perfect example of democracy than the USA though, one that's a lot closer to a direct democracy, that works wonderfully. And they're not joking when they talk about the people being sovereign. All hail Switzerland! California is much, much too big for direct democracy to have a Hope in hell of working. Representative democracy has enough problems running it. California is too big for it is not a killer argument against direct democracy. All true. But this could be the start of something beautiful. Within two years surely it'll be possible to get a STEM Associate of Arts degree online from a state system.Online education has many flaws and misfeautures but the only thing I can't see it doing is a thesis, and how many people do those before a Master's? I think my definition of privilege and yours are at very different levels I didn't downvote your previous post in this thread until I read this one. Almost everyone who can read this website is privileged by your standards. Everyone in my apartment block here in Shanghai is privileged by your definition. Some of them are from Anhui province, or other poor ass provinces, where there are people in the Bottom Billion, people who live on less than a dollar a day. If you are politically tone deaf, you should confine the use of political/sociological terms of art to arenas where you will be understood by everyone or where everyone agrees with your already. On the flipside, a significant percentage of people who work in the tech sector seem to be introverted, or sometimes even autistic (alth:ough it bis hard to draw a clear distinction between the two). Introverts are not all autistic and autists are not all introverts. I'm not even aware of any research on the correlation between the two. Plenty of autistic people must be by nature extroverted; extroverts are at the very least 40% of the population. If I was introverted I would be pissed off by your post; you're comparing a large social disability with a disinclination for small talk and glad handing. As an actual Asperger's person I am pissed off to be lumped in with introverts automatically. Introversion is not a disorder and neither is it misanthropy. If you don't want to go to the office party, don't. A pattern of similar decisions can damage a career. Deal with it; we're social animals . Or maintain/trim your facial hair. Scraggly ass fashion hair looks crap. Insufficient cynicism detected. Those lessons are more the point of school than the promotion of human flourishing that philosophers, sociologists or economists talk about when discussing what it's all for or The Good Life. All of those lessons are very useful ones nfor the majority, the overwhelming majority of people to have learned if you want industrial civilisation to keep going. You might be able to remove industrial from that last sentence. The two best links, on the functions of school you'd guess from looking at how it works rather than how it's talked about, and on the real lessons school teaches, are directly below. http://www.overcomingbias.com/2010/08/functions-of-school.ht... READ THIS IF NOTHING ELSE http://www.cantrip.org/gatto.html School is not about learning what they purport to teach, it is certainly not optimised for learning. http://www.overcomingbias.com/2011/07/sleepy-kids-learn-less... http://www.overcomingbias.com/2011/06/only-do-math-homework.... School is great at socialising people to accept ranking, judgement and being told what to do. http://www.overcomingbias.com/2011/08/teachers-as-dictators.... There are no large school systems, anywhere, that are not lineal descendants, ideologically or organisationally of ones designed for turning out soldiers. http://www.overcomingbias.com/2012/05/schools-are-for-war.ht... CEGEPs are kind of a combination community college/last year of high school/first year of university. They are teaching institutions, not research ones. US community colleges can demand Master's degrees but not Ph.D.s to teach. Mostly people with Ph.D.s who can't get real academic jobs exit that market, not go CC. Anyone who is actually teach a CS course at a CC or a CEGEP and who is doing it as a full time job is doing it for non-pecuniary reasons, inclusive of being incompetent but having attained a qualification sufficient to teach. Yeah, I know. Anyone else at the HN meetup at Abbey Road? I'm thewhite guy with glasses, a beer, laptop and a receding hairline. Are you at it? I'm the guy sitting at a table with a beer, a laptop, glasses and a terrible, terrible sweater. Bollocks. I thought it was tonight. See you next month. Not if Aubrey de Grey, Eliezer Yudkowsky or a number of other people succeed. Donate. Death is not the end of everything but it will be the end of you. The guy you just said didn't know what a derivative is used to workas a quant. US medical education is provably inefficient. You can take a sufficiently intelligent 17 year old and give them a top notch medical education in five years. In Ireland and the UK Medicine is an undergraduate degree and takes five or six years depending on the university. If you got rid of summers off you could do it very comfortably in four. Making medicine a second entry degree is a giant waste of social resources. As much as someone just out of med school, yes. At an absolute bare minimum you still need to do your internship for a year before you can practice. On your first point; most people don't use most of what they learn in college once they leave it. This is substantially less true of medicine than many other fields. At the same time most doctors do a pretty thorough job of forgetting math and physics and a reasonable job of forgetting chemistry. Secretary is derived from the same Latin root as secret. As in, they have all of yours. Responsible people, secretaries. The Iliad is both entertaining and well written, while Plato is intellectually stimulating where he's not just wrong. The Bible is not remotely as well written as the Iliad, nor is it comparable as a work of philosophy to Plato. It isn't true of Ireland, Britain, Australia or New Zealand. I don't think it's true of Canada. Among WEIRD [0] nations I think the US is the only one where being openly atheistic would abort any serious political career. [0]Western Educated Industrialised Rich Democracies Dear God, don't read the Book of Mormon or the Quran. I thought the Bible was soporific but those two... When was education working and who was it working for? As a means of social control, a method of inuring people to being ranked, judged and told what to do it works wonderfully[0]. It is not about learning or it would not start so early, at least not for teenagers[1], nor would there be so much homework[2]. Doing lots of work that you dislike because you have been told to do it is good training for the world of work for most though. Every large school system is lineally or organisationationally descended from one designed to produce good soldiers[3]. The school system works just fine for childcare, for socialising people to accept random authority figures telling them what to do and for reducing creativity. It does what it's meant to, even if no one who's in charge will acknowledge that's what it's function is. [0] http://www.cantrip.org/gatto.html [1] http://www.overcomingbias.com/2011/07/sleepy-kids-learn-less... [2] http://www.overcomingbias.com/2011/06/only-do-math-homework.... [3] http://www.overcomingbias.com/2012/05/schools-are-for-war.ht...