I'm curious: what kind of computational challenge are we talking about? Does image recognition take 1 second on a smartphone, or 2 hours on a supercomputer? The JVM is multi-language only because the languages were specifically designed and/or modified to run on it. I'm wondering: how does this compare speed-wise to other real-world JITs. For example, node.js (V8). Are there any tricks used in your VM which are not used by V8, and conversely? The best test of a language is to see if you can write the compiler itself in the language (step 1) and also if you can write the runtime system in that language (step 2). IMHO, both are required for a language to be considered a good "systems language", and a worthy competitor of e.g. C++. I know that the Rust compiler is written in Rust (step 1), but I'm not sure about the runtime. You say that the runtime is disappearing. But, if LLVM is being used, then since it provides the JIT, I'd say it is a really big part of the runtime, actually. But what does a CPU running an idle virtual machine do? If you want to take the statistical approach, then you could also say that there exists a nonzero probability that it is not the case :) I'd rather see an OS and package manager that has a "functional" design (as in functional programming language, functional data structures). This would allow conflicting packages to be installed next to eachother in different branches of a functional filesystem. Wouldn't it be cool if there were a library that could build relational APIs for any problem (including an optimizing SQL compiler)... The problem I have with this is representation. One's brain cells are a certain representation (in other words implementation). Would the same consciousness be present with another representation (e.g., computers on the internet)? How about if we chose a completely different (nonsensical) representation, for example, at time instance t0 the brain is represented by grains of sand, then at t1, the brain is represented by e.g. the trees in a forest, then at t2, etc. My point is that you could ascribe consciousness to just about anything. Also, if the representation of brain cells produces a consciousness, would the (dual) representation of "NO brain cells" also produce a consciousness, and would they thus both exist at the same time or would they collapse into one consciousness? I believe the problem is not that we can't define the "experience of existence", because this phenomenon could exist entirely independently of our physical (scientific) reality. The problem is that there is an interaction between the experience of "I am aware" and the physical reality, for otherwise, we would not be discussing this topic here! This seems interesting. But I find it a bit unsatisfying that it can only be used as a package manager then. How about using this functional machinery, e.g., for a general build system? A "functional make" so to speak. And I bet there are plenty of other use cases. Why do taxes always have to be so artificial? The reason to have income tax is to have people who can afford it contribute to society. I can see how that is a good thing. The reason to introduce an internet tax is what? To only have people who make enough money use the internet? What kind of nonsense is that? Please, let us agree that whenever a new tax is introduced, it is justified. And perhaps lawmakers should ask system/OS programmers for help, because they actually can come up with good and fair rules to make complex interacting systems work as they should. The short answer: if the probability of a collision is smaller than the probability of a meteor landing on your head, then you're fine. Well, it still doesn't make much sense to me. The article speaks of an allocation rate of 400 MB/sec. However, AFAIK, a memory allocator takes time proportional to the number of allocations, NOT the total amount of memory allocated. Or does the "B" stand for block, and not byte somehow? Confused. This is nice. But I'm wondering, why do garbage collectors always have to be written from scratch for each project? Why can't we just have a library that does garbage collection, and does it well? Of course, the library should take a couple of parameters (such as the primitives to use for memory barriers, multithreading parameters etc.) I know of the Boehm collector, but it is conservative, so not appropriate for many projects. Also, I'd expect to find garbage collection (or supporting constructs) in the C++ standard by now, actually. I'm curious: what exactly makes a photon lose its entanglement? Is it an interaction with an atom (electron or nucleus)? If so, how can entangled photons even propagate through matter (fiber glass or the atmosphere) without becoming de-tangled? Or is this a special kind of interaction? > Immutable always returns itself when a mutation results in an identical collection, allowing for using === equality to determine if something has changed. But any smart equality-testing function would already include this. Cool video. But I don't get it really :S I just skimmed through the documentation and it says: > In return for this effort, we get powerful debugging tools Is this the primary purpose of this tool? Or is it the undo feature? Yes, I agree that there should be cooperation between the library and the compiler. But that is also the case for RAII, for example, where the compiler provides the primitives (through language design, e.g., constructors, destructors, copy constructors, etc.) which allow it to work. I'm just wondering why no such thing exists for garbage collection (yes, I'm aware that the interface would be much more complicated). Just wondering, if acceleration == gravity (equivalence principle), how would this be visualized in this model? The problem I always run into with reactive programming is that of glitches, and stuff being recomputed more often than necessary. Glitches can appear when, for example, two inputs of a certain "functional box" change almost at the same time. When input 1 changes, the output changes, and then when input 2 changes, the output changes again, thus resulting in lots of superfluous computation in the chain that follows this output. The nice part about reactive programming is intended to be that stuff gets recomputed incrementally, but in practice this often does not happen! > There is nothing in reactive programming that implies being incremental Yes there is. Because if it's not incremental, then you could replace any "reactive" program by one which just recomputes its outputs every time something changes, from scratch. Reactive programming solves this by only recomputing parts which change. PS: Thanks for the link, I'll look into it! Related and also very interesting: [1] [1] Ulrich Drepper, What Every Programmer Should Know About Memory, http://www.cs.bgu.ac.il/~os142/wiki.files/drepper-2007.pdf Does not work on chromium/linux? I think I'm having the exact reverse problem. My focus at work is very good, but I feel anxiety levels going up during the day. Drinking coffee sends my anxiety through the roof. Also I'm often so concentrated on things happening inside my head, that I forget to pay attention to the outside world. This is especially problematic when talking to other people (that talk slowly), or in traffic. Probably these symptoms are not so bad when compared to ADHD, but at times I just wish there was a (preferably natural) medicine to deal with this. It's interesting that the distinction between functional languages and imperative languages is not at all clear in the graph. This could be caused by the fact that the visualization technique used is not capable of showing this, or that there are simply too many types of edges (or because each type of edge is getting the same "importance" in the graph drawing algorithm). FreeBSD has reached the legal drinking age! Cheers! I just hope that they don't change their license model into just "free as in beer" :) And I hope they one day implement all kernel functions that Linux supports, so that switching from Linux to FreeBSD becomes less painful. I'm interested in Rust also. But I'm wondering, does it have these features, and to what extent? * coroutines * pure functional programming (enforcing it in an isolated subset of the code) * laziness * (clean) meta-programming * introspection * garbage collection Especially for stream-based programming (essential for internet applications), you'd need something like coroutines, to keep things manageable. I'm wondering if there is example code for a well-performing Rust-based web-server out there already. Also, how does Rust compare to other modern languages, like Scala? They forgot to include two things: * Performance on the native architecture * Performance on other browsers (Chrome/IE in particular) I agree with these points. There is at least one major flaw, though: asm.js can probably never be made into a truly multithreading platform (without becoming a really ugly hack), where I can see that happen for NaCl. This is a pity, because multithreading is something you need for making responsive applications (GUI not hanging when a computation occurs in the background). Yes, there's webworkers, but I don't consider them a multithreading solution, because they don't allow a shared address space for inter-thread communication (only message-passing). This can be detrimental for performance, because the "structural sharing" paradigm becomes useless. I think that a base-language without support for garbage collection would be preferable. The main advantage is that multithreading is easier to implement. (Any language built on top of this language could implement its own garbage collection, in principle.) Perhaps we should fix democracy before we try to fix capitalism. Wouldn't that require the use of threads, and hence be very expensive? > and capitalism in particular are not a zero-sum game Look at it this way. Money causes corporations to become powerful entities (through propaganda, lobbying, internal R&D, etc.), and this reinforces the loop. There is a selective component, in that competition leads to corporate casualties. In other words, capitalism causes agglutination of money. Hence, capitalism leads to some people becoming rich, and most people becoming poor (because they are now out of business). The effect will be directly noticeable to people here on HN when Google invents strong AI, and puts every programmer in the nation out of business :) Interesting! Yes, that would help a lot, but I'm not sure how growing heaps will be modeled then (are they allocated block by block?) And how is a growing heap communicated in practice between threads? Is every read-operation to be guarded by a check if the corresponding block is available in the current thread? > Mozilla: The First Browser Dedicated to Developers Is Coming But we need markup and scripting languages dedicated to developers... Also, I hope it doesn't get triggered by the neighbor's loud tv set. Frankly, I'm not sure if I'd be prepared to receive and deal with false positives even once a month, let alone once a day. I guess the allocator would be able to manage blocks so you could view them as a single heap. At least, that's how I'd like to deal with memory as a "user". However, a "pointer" then has two parts: first, it should point to the block, and second it should have the index within that block. A stored pointer (a pointer stored within the heap) then would need 2 lookups for a dereference (first, determine the block-number, look up the block from a small array, and then lookup the index within that block). This sounds a little convoluted to me. Shouldn't there be a simpler and more efficient way to deal with growing memory? What I'm wondering is what a pointer-dereference would look like. Is every pointer dereference in asm.js implemented by TWO dereferences (one to find the heap, and then one to find the index within the heap)? And are there mutexes (or other synchronization directives) used per dereference in a typical implementation? I guess the focus of this book is on computing rather than on the underlying math (statistics). Is the math of this book still up to date? I.e., are these the methods that are still used in practice? Space-scrolling doesn't work anyway, because when you're about to hit the bottom of the document, you don't know where to continue reading. If space-scrolling were smooth, this problem probably didn't exist. But still, in its current state, I'm not using it. How about games, where, e.g., sound effects have a maximum acceptable delay w.r.t. the physics that generates them? Why would you use multiple datastores? Isn't it much more difficult to atomically store data this way? Assume a transaction succeeds in store 1, and fails in store 2, you'd need to roll back the transaction in store 1 after it has committed (!) I just hope they don't make this public by default. I once made a wish-list on amazon, and it turned out to be public without me knowing it :S One unaddressed problem with estimates is: if the developers finish before the project is due according to the estimate, there is no motivation to start doing new work. How to solve this? Makes you wonder why MS doesn't just release a protocol that all cloud service providers can hook into... Carry a beacon (or a bunch of them) with you into a shop and the store will recognize you the next time you enter. That's handy! It's like a cookie that you physically bring every time. ~ Or, in other words, no thanks. What comes to mind is a generic "upload profile photo" for websites, where the system can automatically crop your uploaded photo. Or even just to check that it is a "valid" photo. Not sure how the gender/age info would be useful. That's the best I can come up with. My brain actually works best in the opposite direction (problem->solution) :) Indeed. And I suspect that a change in culture (or at least perception) could possibly be the best way to give science a boost. Next challenge: a fully compliant C++11 compiler written in 4 functions (1) Then , I'd be impressed :) (1) At maximum 500 lines per function, where each line is at most 200 characters long. Does it support collaborative editing? Also, is there a live demo to be found somewhere? Edit: Oh wait, I just found this: "Although Brackets is built in HTML/CSS/JS, it currently runs as a desktop application in a thin native shell, so that it can access your local files." Still, a demo would be nice. I suppose the "access local files" part is not strictly necessary. I wonder if it also works for voice synthesis. Indeed, the underlying OCR seems to need lots of work still. It's no wonder that the "reverse" operation results in such messy line art. The demo is nice, though. Skimming through the article, it seems to me that this server spawns a thread per connection, is that correct? What kind of programming technique did you use to implement the handling of the protocols? Did you implement them as finite-state machines, or did you use coroutines, or some other technique? Do you think that C++ is a well suited language for this kind of processing? Is it possible to say, now this project is in a mature state, that other languages (e.g. Rust) could have helped make your implementation simpler? Nice work. Very well explained. However, the main difficulty of building a browser engine is (IMHO) the fact that it should update the display incrementally whenever a change in the DOM-tree or the CSS occurs. That is, an update should cause a minimal (or close-to-minimal) number of (paint) operations to be performed. I'm looking forward to the discussion of this topic :) Erlang looks interesting. However, the only problem I have with starting in Erlang is that on the great computer language shootout, it shows that Erlang is about 10x slower than C++ on most examples. And about 3x slower than Go [1] I know that the problems on this website are not specifically "concurrent" problems, but still, even a distributed web-server must do some non-concurrent stuff at times :) Are my concerns correct/justified? [1] http://benchmarksgame.alioth.debian.org/u32q/benchmark.php?t... Edit: even Haskell seems to be about 7x faster than Erlang (according to [1]). Suddenly, Haskell looks like a good candidate for writing a distributed server :) Can somebody comment on this? Okay. But let's take the example of the C++ webserver framework written by Facebook employees, which was discussed here a few days ago, [1]. This project contains lots of protocol-handling logic for HTTP/1.1 and SPDY, and beneath that TLS. Are you saying that such projects are better written in a combination of Erlang and C/C++? [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8563199 Even if you don't implement it, it could be nice if you discussed it in abstract terms. That is describe the architecture, rather than write a complete implementation. IMHO, architecture is more important than implementation, especially when explaining things. Indeed. Functions like tls_connect and tls_connect_fds don't belong at this level. A TLS library should do only TLS, and behave like a black box, from which you pull data and into which you can push data (in a non-blocking way). Mixing in OS-related stuff only complicates the API. Want to read a horror story of a non-experimental drug that is still on the market today? Well, read this: [1] [1] http://www.pfsfoundation.org/ John Ousterhout is a professor who really did some amazing programming back in the 90s! Can't think of many people coming close in terms of productivity. > Which do you need sooner; fast? or correct and scalable? Well, if I need all of these options, then Erlang is obviously not the way to go. In that case, Erlang might work as a prototyping language. My impression is, from what I've read here, that Erlang might be the preferred tool for situations in which latency is not of paramount importance. For example, when sending text-messages over the internet, it doesn't hurt if the message takes 1 or 2 seconds longer to reach its destination. However, for a webserver, every second it takes longer to load a webpage means that you lose customers. Do you think that's a fair characterization? > 1) Optimizing for the most common use case My compiler is most commonly used together with an editor. Still I'm glad it didn't come with an editor built-in :) > 2) You can create file descriptors not backed by any actual network connection or file on the harddrive Indeed. It doesn't mean it is the preferred way to do it, from a code-quality or even performance point of view. > 2) Erlang is "fast"/scales, ask whatsapp But whatsapp is not a latency-critical application. > Loads are not reordered with other loads. Wonder why that guarantee is necessary. Loads have no side-effects (in the memory), after all. Ah yes, I understand it now. Took me some time to get myself thinking on that abstraction level again :) Thanks! I'm no expert but perhaps this symbolic engine could be something to build as a valgrind module. My main issue is that moderation and filtering of comments based on score could be much improved, or so it seems. Sometimes I just want to read the best rated comments of a story. How mature is Rust and its compiler actually at this moment? Is it in a state ready to replace C++? Edit: Also, I missed a good overview of features in one language and lacking in the other. In that respect, I find the wikipedia page [1] deeply broken, but that aside. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_programming_langu... How well does the optimizer perform? And do you often encounter nasty, hard to trace, bugs in the compiler output? Fair enough. This makes sense. What I'd like to know when learning a new language is: why can't this be done in an existing language? Take for example the R programming language. Things you do in this language can be perfectly well done in e.g. Python too. Same goes for the MATLAB language. This is an interesting showcase of lock-free programming. Thank you for this! However, I see the following concerns: 1. The code is so complicated that (imho) an actual formal proof would be needed to show that this actually works. 2. How portable is this? Will this work on other architectures than i86, which have different ordering guarantees? 3. This reduces the time for enqueueing and dequeueing by a factor of x, which is immense (near 100x or 1000x?), but we have to keep in mind that the code uses only a small fraction of total time spent by an application. Therefore, it would be nice to see that this reduction is worthwhile in a practical application. 4. The code for this queue is actually so large (2800 lines) that a large amount of cache memory is needed to keep this code in active memory, and keep it running as fast as it could. Again, thanks, this will be interesting to study. Imho the problem with C++ is that it has gained too much weight over the years. I think that other languages, for instance "Rust", will eventually fix everything that C++ is forced to do wrong (due to its legacy), and these new languages will become more and more attractive to use as a development language. Some things I personally hope will be added to C++ and/or Rust: - coroutines - lightweight threads - garbage collection (for high-level stuff) - a natural form of metaprogramming (not the convoluted approach taken by the boost libraries), i.e., active libraries that generate code based on given parameters - pure, lazy functional programming (language subset), e.g. for concurrent stuff - pattern matching I wonder if this list can be produced programmatically. I.e., a script that enters words in the search bar, looks at the result when pressing enter, and compares with the instant-search result. Then it could look for phrases of more words, etc. Note: you'd probably need either a lot of time or a botnet to run this script without getting blacklisted :) So let me get this straight. This project is going to define 1. A new computing model, similar to how combinators work. 2. A programming language which produces expressions involving these combinators. 3. An operating system built on the above. 4. A cloud computing environment built on the above. Sorry, but while interesting, this sounds a little too ambitious, even by HN standards :) And what is the reason why an existing language and compiler doesn't suffice for 1 and 2? For example, Haskell and GHC took decades to become what they are now (a powerful language and compiler). It seems quite wasteful to rebuild that work. If absolutely desired, Haskell can also be converted into combinator form, and vice versa, so why not use it? Seriously. When do you call a language "homoiconic" exactly? When it exposes its own AST (abstract syntax tree) structure? In that case, you can call any language homoiconic, whenever somebody builds a library that can transform a given AST back into executable code. I'm not sure if it is a very distinctive feature. But can you please explain why you couldn't use existing math (language and compiler) on the bottom layers (1 and 2) before replacing them by your own? That would help me understand the level of your ambition :) "If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life." -- Marc Anthony :) Just checked wikipedia [1], and found this critique: > D.A. Rees calls the Meditations "unendingly moving and inspiring", but does not offer them up as works of original philosophy. Bertrand Russell found them contradictory and inconsistent, evidence of a "tired age" where "even real goods lose their savour". Using Marcus as an example of greater Stoic philosophy, he found their ethical philosophy to contain an element of "sour grapes". "We can't be happy, but we can be good; let us therefore pretend that, so long as we are good, it doesn't matter being unhappy". Can anybody agree/disagree/comment? [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meditations So, to understand what you are saying, is it true that in LISP, you can write a function F that can take any function object G, and turn it into an equivalent AST of G? Warning: philosophical comment. Lots of theories of everything these days. However, IMHO they all fail to address one fundamental point. And that is the issue of experiental consciousness, or, in other words, the fact that we experience that we are part of the universe. Why is this fundamental to any theory of physics? One could argue that it can be addressed as something which is outside the universe, like an external observer watching in. But the important point is: this cannot be true, for I, and a lot of other people, are discussing experiential consciousness: it "loops" back on physics, so to speak. It interacts with it. So, to me, it would seem that any "mechanic" theory of physics just can't be true, or rather, it can't be complete. The only ways out of this, that I can think of, would be: 1. Experiential consciousness to be only an illusion. But then the question is: why is this illusion necessary? Why would physics plug the idea into my memory of consciousness? (possible answer: because in the worlds in which physics does not do this, I would not be conscious, but this is a circular argument). And thus this would go against Occam's razor. 2. There is choice is the universe (the universe is tree-like or DAG-like, and an observer could take a preferred route). Not really a satisfying explanation either, imho. I thought of the "zombies" argument too. But I don't find it satisfying, because why would such zombies exist? It would go against Occam's razor. (Occam's razor does not offer a logical proof, but still has proven useful as a guidance). No, indeed. I came up with the "experiential" qualifier, because the term "consciousness" is highly overloaded indeed, and I do not know the generally accepted phrase. > In other words, it may be the case that physics, just like mathematics, cannot be both complete and consistent. Interesting line of thought. So if that premise (let's call it A) is true, then any theory that is both complete and consistent is ruled out. Therefore, we better found out if A is true (!) That's perhaps a more specific version of what I was saying before. I wonder how you come to that conclusion, because physics is not proven to be of "infinite complexity" (loose statement). Some things that we are used to from mathematics might not be true in physics. Take for example the fact that in mathematics the real numbers are uncountable. Now in reality (physics), the whole set of real numbers may not exist. It is only an abstract concept from mathematics. And while it may be possible to reproduce any real number in physics as some quantity, you are reproducing them as you go, making the "real" (physical) real numbers countable. Sigh, why do we even allow a company to build quasi monopolies like this? “While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.” ― Groucho Marx Does it have websocket support? Does it support multiple browser profiles? Can I easily switch between Gecko/IE 8,9,10/Webkit/etcetera? C++ is getting more complicated and hence less interesting every day. How is Rust solving this particular issue? I'd rather have a list of book-recommendations. And here I thought there was only 1 electron in the entire universe [1] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One-electron_universe This example shows once again that CSS is not a good declarative language: it provokes hacking. In this case, a hack has to be applied in every instance where this is needed. Instead, if CSS were developed by actual language designers, it would have been possible to write this as a modularized thing, completely hiding the actual implementation. As a nerd, I also had problems finding "normal" friends. Not anymore. How I solved this: - Enroll in a soccer team - Take tango dancing classes From there, it just went naturally. Of course, your situation might be different, but indeed staying alone at home doesn't help much. I wonder how they compute their text dimensions. Anybody else noticed how slow the canvas measureText() function is on Chrome? Look here [1] for a generalization of this idea. [1] http://www.umut-acar.org/self-adjusting-computation If this library can do text-measurements faster than the native canvas measureText() calls can do them, then that part of the library would be interesting to have by itself. That's one thing I know for sure. One difficult part of doing event triggered processing is in the progress reporting and keeping the code related to it simple. I wonder how they deal with that. Of course generators are completely unusable until other browsers start to support them. That is, unless you use a compiler to convert your generator code into more mundane javascript [1]. It would be nice to see these "emulated generators" in the comparison too. [1] https://facebook.github.io/regenerator/ But what about IE? > Writing code in a scalar language makes you rather like a general who gives orders to his troops by visiting each one and whispering in his ear. Well, actually, I use for-loops for that, thank you :) They should offer this to Kahn Academy. You are implying that if there are N troops, then I need to do O(N) amount of work to give them instructions. Not so. I only need to write down 2 lines of code: one line for the for-loop, and one line for the actual instruction(s). Personally, I prefer explicitness instead of increasing the amount of overloaded meaning of existing operators. Ffmpeg, while useful, is probably the software utility that has dumped core on me most of them all. I hope this project has better coding standards. > You give up a certain amount of security, but gain a lot of comfort. He who sacrifices security for comfort deserves neither :) Here is a personal anecdote. I recently tried to make a lambda function in C++ call itself. My first approach didn't work, because the variables were captured by reference, causing my program to crash (the enclosing scope had disappeared when my recursive lambda function was called). I easily tracked down that problem. But this generated a second problem: without using "capturing by reference", I couldn't make the lambda function refer to itself! Of course, I looked around on the internet, and I found [1], which actually shows the insane amount of hacking required to make a lambda function call itself. And in the end, this solution didn't even work for me. So, concluding, I think we're a long way from "functional programming in C++". [1] http://cpptruths.blogspot.nl/2013/10/creating-recursive-lamb... The Y combinator causes problems with typing (it has an infinite recursive type), so I'm curious what solution they came up with. In any case, if calling a lambda function from within itself is going to take more than a single line of straightforward code, then I'm afraid the solution still doesn't cut it for practical purposes. The lambda function was an event handler, that needed to add itself to the event loop under certain conditions (retry). Its parent scope is not persistent. You wouldn't need an actual keyboard, of course, because the glass could just watch where you're typing and convert that into keystrokes. Can somebody recommend a book that covers recent techniques implemented in LLVM? This is really cool, but I was hoping that they were going to formalize mathematics. For example, like this ([1]) team is doing. Mathematics should primarily read like code, not (only) like prose. [1] http://www.cs.ru.nl/~herman/FormMath.html Does anybody know of natural drugs against depression? So far I have only found lavender oil, sardines and chocolate to work. It would be nice if there was a resource that summarized the mechanical counterparts of these operations: - summing displacements - subtracting displacements - turning displacements into rotation - multiplying displacements by a constant factor - multiplying two displacements together etc. Using these primitives, any computation could be transformed into a mechanical device. One could even build a compiler for it! This compiler could take a program as input and a 3d-printable model as output. Happy coding! :) And how would this apply to hacking? Or entrepreneurship? The problem with coroutines in C and C++ is that you'll have to save the stack upon a yield, and restore it later. If only C or C++ added some stack barrier primitives to the language, coroutines could (I suspect) be added more naturally. Perhaps Rust could introduce this. That's nice, but why stop at being a package manager? Why not also replace the build tool (make et al.)? If all the functional machinery is in place, this would be perfect for a build tool. But when the coroutine continues running again, you need to have stack space. You'd probably then have to insert special stack-switching directives into the new stack to make it work. In any case, I think it is best to just precompute the stack-size beforehand (assuming there is no recursion), and otherwise check for stack-overflow in recursive calls (and reallocate space if necessary). Pre-allocating megabytes of stack for each running coroutine sounds like madness, and a disaster waiting to happen (also, why should my stack overflow at 1M calls, when I have 64GB of main memory?) My main problem with LaTex: it is not composable. Explanation: you can't plug a random piece of LaTeX inside a random container (environment or macro), without it being formatted completely wrong, or without it triggering all kinds of error messages. Composing objects hierarchically should be natural (easy), and the user should not be required to read tons of documentation for each case. I think HTML does a lot better in that respect (though it has its flaws too). > but so little reaches artists I might as well have stolen the music To paraphrase: "but so little reaches the boy who sewed my jeans that I might as well have stolen the pants." Yes, capitalism is messed up, but this doesn't mean we should start doing irrational things to clear our minds. > From my experience in the entertainment industry Well, from experience in the music industry, it seems that the person doing the hard work (the artist) most often is on the bad end of the deal, while all the middle-men are laughing their way to the bank. I'm just saying that analogies are not always to be relied upon. (Also, a 15-20% management fee is totally not reasonable, except if it is time-limited.) I'm wondering, how does PyPy compare to nodejs? How about Chromium? Are they switching too? Well, in any case they have a build system in place, I hope :) Which either defaults to using clang or gcc. It would have been nice to see NaCl in a side-by-side comparison with asm.js. > The general structure of a microservice is that it concurrently processes small requests from potentially many clients and keeps little to no internal state. So what is a microservice exactly? Is it just a piece of code that runs based on a trigger coming from the browser? And what is the main responsibility of the framework? Is it the routing of requests and responses to/from the actual microservices? Further questions that come to mind: (1) Are the results of microservices cached somehow? (2) Also, if a cached item is not longer required, is it automatically freed? (3) If the output of a running service is no longer required, is that service automatically stopped? Well, under your definition, just any piece of code could be a microservice... So not very enlightening yet :) This sounds very useful. One further question. Say a service A calls service B. And let's say service B needs several seconds to complete, and emits a progress indicator every second (I assume this is possible?) Will A be able to read these progress indicators also every second, and send its own progress indicator to its caller? You still need a way to step the voltage above 9 volts. A single capacitor doesn't cut it. Car analogy: what if your steering wheel was in a different location of your car every couple of weeks? :) > then I invite you to put monster truck tires on your smartcar and tell me how well that works That's why I prefer "active libraries" [1], i.e., libraries that can configure themselves based on the needs of a consumer application. Generic types can go a long way to keep things both flexible and efficient, but sometimes the best option is to have a library generate its own code. [1] http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.40.8... I use this tool a couple of times every week. I love this tool! And I must say I'm impressed by its ease of use (basically zero installation effort), and also by the frequent updates. (I wonder why those frequent updates are necessary, though. Are you under the impression that google is actively working against tools which attempt to download material from youtube?) I don't mind the declarator syntax in C so much. What I do mind is the way some things are implicitly converted. For example: in char buffer[10]; the name "buffer" is a pointer to the first element of the buffer. This always feels like a hack, because "buffer" is an array, not a pointer to an element. I'd rather write &buffer[0]. This also feels like a hack when the buffer is coincidentally of size 0, and buffer[0] does not exist. So I'm just left with the feeling that something is missing in the language. Interesting. Two questions: 1. Why only target this at the DOM? It seems to me that a reactive library could be useful for anything. 2. When a change occurs, is the subsequent chain-reaction performed in a performance-optimal way? > The short answer would be that the Phi might be the best choice in cases where you need to perform billions of energy efficient floating point operations on a working set small enough to fit in the cards RAM I'm confused by this. You previously stated that memory bandwidth on the Phi is 10x as high as on the FX-9590. Based on this, I would say that the Phi would be better suited at jobs which require lots of data that doesn't fit in main memory. I hope they also modify their build process a little. Right now, when you want to build V8, it automatically downloads all the tools it depends on. This makes it difficult to store one particular version of the library and all the tools it depends on. I love 1986 computing too! Everything was so simple. Just a single thread of execution to worry about. Then again, Javascript is also single-threaded essentially. Thus, from another point of view it looks like we're stuck in the 80s... I didn't read the article. But I wonder, since Rust uses LLVM, isn't the PSP platform a compiler target automatically? And if not (I suspect it could have something to do with kernel-specific stuff), then shouldn't there be some intermediate kernel-API translator that would make the process of porting the compiler more easy? If you're thinking about what is the culprit here, then consider that the whole of our economic system is flawed, because capitalism encourages the creation of addictive goods. It is the world we live in that transforms us into addicts. True. But while most forms of narcissism, depending on your view, are innocent, the problem with this particular form of narcissism is that it is a burden on the environment. True. But while most forms of narcissism, depending on your view, are relatively innocent, the problem with this particular form of narcissism is that it is an ecological disaster in progress. I just hope it also works for pen-tablets, where the "pointer" can suddenly jump from one location to the next when the pen comes near the surface of the tablet. > An honest question to those of you who feel the urge to defend your favourite company from all accusations, what makes you do so? Whatever psychological mechanism it is, I'm sure these companies are abusing it (or would if they could). Speaking of memory mapped files: how easy is it to allocate and store various data structures into mmapped files in languages such as C, C++, Rust, etc.? If it is difficult, then why is this the case? Are languages lacking in this respect? isn't this simply solved by functional languages that support pattern matching? well, the problem is that the mmapped file is based at a different address every time you mmap it. (in realistic situations, and the general case) thus, every pointer dereference needs a base address. how is the support for this? Interesting. It would also be a nice exercise to implement all of the internet RFCs, such as an email server, etcetera in Haskell. That's still a bit lacking. And it would be very useful if it existed, IMHO. I'm intoxicating myself every day, starting when I take my first sip of coffee :) The reality distortion field of caffeine is very strong :) If you wrote down the number Pi in hexadecimal, I conjecture that any possible 40-digit sequence would appear in there somewhere. Indeed, how could it possibly be illegal to share pieces of Pi? :) It also involves offsetting the pointer with the beginning of the mmapped area. And this gets really cumbersome if you have to do it for every pointer dereference. Basically all standard libraries are immediately unusable if the language does not provide support for this operation. For example, try storing a C++ std::map inside an mmapped file. Practically not possible AFAIK. I wonder if AirBnB's businessmodel can stand up against the same test. It seems to me that we should not make the problem more complicated than necessary. If you're debugging code written in Javascript, you may assume that the JIT optimizer is correct. If you need special features enabled (such as stack traces, etc.), then just pepper the code that enters the JIT with logging instructions, etc. There should never be a need to completely disable the JIT optimizer, except perhaps to debug the JIT itself. Things happening out of order should never be observable. So this should not be an issue. > The issue with a game like Magic is that you can play perfectly and still lose. This may also hold for chess. I wonder what his 4 letter personality type is. Why is this new law only limited to news, and not to random things put on HTTP pages in general (which could also be regarded as a news publication)? Interesting. It appears they have done a quite thorough analysis on the data. But of course there are standard techniques for statistical classification from the mathematical community. It would be nice if somebody wrote a classifier for this problem. what are alternatives to mutexes? I find them a software engineering disaster waiting to happen. What about Rust vs. Go? Well, P and V are considered harmful (pun intended). Systems using these operations are in general not "composable". In other words, it is usually not possible to compose two software systems using semaphores and/or mutexes, without rewriting these systems somehow. Alternatives exist. For example: message passing, and STM (software transactional memory). Anybody know of other alternatives? Some things that are missing (at least from the docs): - multithreaded logging (show thread ID with each line) - nesting (e.g. indent logged lines when entering a scope) - logging of values other than strings (mentioned already) - storing the results in a separate file (rather than outputting to stderr) Also, the documentation is too terse. And, what is that lambda symbol doing in the output? The word "framework" should always raise flags, because it implies a coding universe that is unfriendly to external software, thus hampering composability. It would make more sense to me if the universe was built from precisely nothing. Thus everything around us would be merely abstract, but because we are part of it, we experience it as being real, or tangible. The fact that multiple beings live in this abstraction is of course also an illusion, for we are all one. No, my remark does not give any useful explanations. The main point is that if we start thinking about how our universe could come into existence from absolutely nothing, we could reach a model for it more quickly than by "just" matching theories to experimental outcomes. Think bottom up, instead of top down. You may still want to write the BNF for your language for documentation purposes. Also, you could use yacc to see if it contains ambiguities. We certainly don't want languages with hidden ambiguities, which are resolved in different ways in different implementations. Has anybody here used Elkhound [1]? How does it compare to e.g. ANTLR? Also, why do parser generators always have to be so language specific? [1] http://scottmcpeak.com/elkhound/ > Elkhound is a parser generator, similar to Bison. The parsers it generates use the Generalized LR (GLR) parsing algorithm. GLR works with any context-free grammar, whereas LR parsers (such as Bison) require grammars to be LALR(1). Can anybody explain in simple terms how Rust can manage cycled memory, without a garbage collector? I'm sorry to say this, but pr0n is the only thing a technology needs to get really big. So indeed. Solution: store them in an analog format as well... How scalable is Node these days, considering that javascript has no real multi-threading support, and most of the things you do for a user in Node are thus blocking other users? I know it is possible to run things in different processes, but it seems to me that this is kind of a hassle (like a workaround). Also interesting: [1] > Raft is a consensus algorithm that is designed to be easy to understand. It's equivalent to Paxos in fault-tolerance and performance. The difference is that it's decomposed into relatively independent subproblems, and it cleanly addresses all major pieces needed for practical systems. We hope Raft will make consensus available to a wider audience, and that this wider audience will be able to develop a variety of higher quality consensus-based systems than are available today. [1] https://raftconsensus.github.io/ It seems to me that he left out a couple of "if it is possible to exist" clauses here and there. It's the same as in the real world. E.g., even if you wear a burqa, you can still be tracked by the color of your sandals, the speed by which you move, the perfume that you use, etc. Hence, the problem is probably best attacked by making appropriate laws that prohibit use of tracking information. Human brains also deceive us into believing we are distinct entities, whereas in reality the universe is probably a single entity. And while you are servicing a nonblocking request, you are effectively blocking other users, because the CPU can do one thing at a time. That is the main pitfall of asynchronous programming as opposed to multithreaded programming. I'm not sure that OO-ness is a desired property. Alexander Stepanov, original creator of the STL: "I find OOP technically unsound. It attempts to decompose the world in terms of interfaces that vary on a single type. To deal with the real problems you need multisorted algebras - families of interfaces that span multiple types. I find OOP philosophically unsound. It claims that everything is an object. Even if it is true it is not very interesting - saying that everything is an object is saying nothing at all. I find OOP methodologically wrong. It starts with classes. It is as if mathematicians would start with axioms. You do not start with axioms - you start with proofs. Only when you have found a bunch of related proofs, can you come up with axioms. You end with axioms. The same thing is true in programming: you have to start with interesting algorithms. Only when you understand them well, can you come up with an interface that will let them work." More discussion: http://www.quora.com/Was-object-oriented-programming-a-failu... But what if your tasks need to talk to other systems, that may use mutexes to control concurrent access. In that case, your HTTP request handling logic will just block on those mutexes, and all is lost, since the event loop will be stuck. Now, you could of course rewrite those 3rd-party systems to use your event-loop instead of plain mutexes, but the point is that threads are a more natural fit for multiprocessing, from a software-engineering point of view, because they allow one to compose systems more easily. In other words, threads have been invented for a reason. Otherwise, we might as well just go back to the Windows 3.11 era, with its cooperative multitasking model. > If nacl picks up that your new CPU has some advanced instructions, it will use them, resulting in a library that won’t work on older CPUs. It’s hard to ship binaries when you’re uncertain of what CPUs they will run on. Uhm.. What? Isn't this going exactly against all that nacl was ever designed for? Also, why can't instructions for one CPU be translated/compiled to instructions suitable for another CPU? > Software engineers should write because it promotes many of the same skills required in programming. The problem with writing is that you usually do it by serializing your thoughts in one go. Programming on the other hand is an activity where you almost randomly jump from one point to the other. > Code and essays have a lot more in common. What I hate about writing prose, is that you are expected to use synonyms all over the place. If you use the same word in two subsequent sentences, this is considered "bad". With programming, I have no such problem. I see no biotech projects. Kind of strange, because it is a hot field, possibly the next big thing. Actually, many of these arguments apply to a lot of other companies too; small ones like AirBnB, but also big ones like Google and Apple. The problem with scientific software is that the market is so small. It is far more profitable to just write mainstream software. As someone interested in functional programming and compilers, I recently tried to use GHC's intermediate output. However, I got a little disappointed about the documentation that's available for compiler writers. From what is essentially a research compiler, I'd expected a little higher standards, also in the department of available tools, and examples. In other words, the experience came too close to what I would call "hacking". Furthermore, the "Core" language is, I believe, for many purposes, more complicated than necessary (e.g., it is typed). It would be nice if there were a simpler alternative, e.g., for small projects. Of course, I could be wrong about this (perhaps I looked in the wrong places), but this is just what I noticed. Besides this, of course, Haskell is a cool language, and GHC an awesome compiler! :) I agree that the number of potential users for this particular use of GHC is small. But as with everything, it are the small groups of people that produce the most interesting things ;) I don't think an external format (serialized Core) is even necessary. Just a well-documented API would be nice. I'm hoping that somebody could write a set of examples, and put those in a test-suite so that it keeps getting updated whenever something breaks it. I also agree that typing is extremely useful. But for small research projects, it can get in the way of the actual goal. Is that really necessary? I mean, we have JIT compilers nowadays, and they all produce native code at runtime, without such tricks. Why not write a rich-text editor instead? Or a webbrowser? Seriously. They seem like more interesting endeavours to me. Especially if you document every step of the way. In fact, you could write a book about it. "Ideas are more important than code" -- Unknown Therefore, I'd rather have a sketchbook for ideas :) I would be mostly interested in reading the Core or STG representation, so I can apply transformations to them. Of course, it would also be nice to generate intermediate code from scratch, but that is something which is not forming an obstruction at this point (as it would be easy to just generate Haskell code instead). I'm not looking for high-performance solutions, just some tools to make researching new ideas a little simpler. To give you some idea about the things I'd like to do: * Transforming programs into "incremental programs", so they run faster on changing inputs. * Automatically translating functional data-structures to other languages (C++) * Sending code over the network I tried using the GHC parser directly, but that route turned out to be too much work (too many cases to handle). Then I looked at Core, but the documentation was lacking or not up to date. So, from where I stand, the internal documentation is the biggest problem, and, according to good software engineering practices, there can be no excuse for having no good internal documentation :) Besides just plain documentation, a tutorial with examples would be nice, but I can understand if that is not a priority. Anyway, keep up the good work :) I'm happy with GHC as it is. I just wished it was a little more "open". This part of the article really says it all: > There is just one little snag… The limits of analogies …When pushed too far, analogies break down. I knew nothing about Kant's imperative before I read this, still I thought almost exactly the same thing. I say it's a good thing we can vote with our adblockers. “While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.” ― Groucho Marx Could this also be used as a viable technique to approach auto-immune diseases like Sjogren's? So there are two options. Either your future self is a stranger from your present self, OR, your future self "is equal" to your present self. However, there's an equivalence principle lurking here. Because if you choose the second option, then someone else could be equal to your present self. And transitively, somebody else from the past could be equal to your present self. In fact, all living creatures from the past and the future would be equal to your present self. I find it, above all, baffling that since k&r, we still write language specs in prose, rather than in a formal language... What baffles me is this: Why does such a (conceptually) simple thing require such a hairy implementation? Nice, but why do mathematicians always overload their symbols? For example, on page 2, the right-arrow already has two meanings! This isn't making things much clearer. High performance, makes me wonder how it deals with the GIL (global interpreter lock). There are lots of things a mathematician can do to avoid overloading. Use colors, use boldface, use special markers to make the symbols slightly different. Or, using computers, provide mouse-over information. I agree that sometimes overloading can be useful, but imho when learning new stuff, it complicates matters more than necessary. I wonder what are the currently best established DIY techniques to slow aging. I know low food intake could help, but what else? The problem is that sometimes you do need to do some heavy processing while servicing a request, and then you're blocking all other users. Event-driven processing is much like cooperative multitasking from the Windows 3.1 days. It only works well if every part of the machinery behaves properly and predictively. > As in programming, simply reading programs gains you little, if anything. But at least in programming, I can do a "grep" for the symbols I want to understand :) If markets are conversations, then why do we allow basically a single company (incidentally Google) to moderate all these conversations? > So, yes, lisp does not HAVE a lot of libraries. But what people miss is that lisp doesn't NEED libraries. This sounds a bit overly optimistic to me... Google also broke my bluetooth audio... :/ And they are not being very responsive about it on the issue tracker. And the silly thing is... it once worked! I feel like I should have never "upgraded" my Android version. Regarding your note "0", could anybody here explain how the Y combinator be properly typed in a more advanced type system? Is there a (practical) language that would allow it to be typed? Also, would the Y combinator be a useful abstraction-aid in a compiler (for a typed language), or does it exist merely as a curiosity? This is exactly why I never overload such symbols, or at least I try to keep it at a minimum. Even more beautiful is the NOR gate, for it is possible to compute any boolean function using them. Why don't we just let browsers treat javascript files as modules, just like we have shared libraries on our OS? This way, libraries such as JQuery, could be cached, and shared between websites. Actually, I think it is much easier and less error-prone (and hence more secure) to translate from one machine language to another, than it is to translate Javascript to machine language. Hence, I don't understand why we don't use some form of machine language instead of Javascript on the web. The number of different cases to tackle is certainly much smaller. Could you elaborate on the C++ part? Try using a Google+ account. That way, Google can learn about you, and it doesn't need to resort to "popular" search results. Search has imho become too much of both a privacy intrusion, and at the same time too much of a market determinant. I think the following has to happen. (Just thinking out loud). - Search has to be made into a replaceable service, or a commodity. This means that one could easily switch search providers without any other noticeable difference (to the user) than a difference in search results. - This means that search engines should be stripped of their user-interface. - Search engines should "be" simply APIs that browsers can hook into. An advantage of this, is that search engines could be denied the use of scripting, which disables the possibility of user tracking through "device fingerprinting". - Of course, if desired, the user could enable personalization. Personalization could be handled like it is now (through user tracking). But we could invent an API that reveals only a user's interests to a search agent. For example, you could reveal that you are researcher or a programmer, interested in technology, and certain programming languages, and you could list a set of webpages that you use regularly. - Of course, different profiles could be used for different searches. I imagine that the privacy-aware engines like DDG could start with the development and implementation of these protocols, and cooperate with e.g. mozilla for a base client implementation. You could use different user profiles to protect yourself from excessive privacy invasion. Yes, but how do we prevent this from happening? That's the big question! I stopped reading at "object oriented". > try to build something that solves a problem you're having Why not try to build something that solves a problem somebody else is having? They could be your first customer! I think the biggest problems with flow based or reactive programming are the occurrence of glitches, and, more importantly, the problem of how to compute updates without performing unnecessary work. I wonder if these problems have been successfully addressed somewhere. Good point. But unfortunately, my own problems cannot be solved by mere programming :) Any suggestions for patulous eustachian tube? The physicians I've seen thus far seem mystified by the problem. I think the main part that is missing is an in depth analysis of what we actually want from an OS. Building an OS from scratch is nice, but I think the requirements may have changed since the 80s. :) Interesting. Do you know of any work that computes a data flow graph as the program runs (i.e. data flow is implicit in the source code), which performs then reactively? I'm just wondering how people can order this stuff over the internet and expect it to be the genuine thing... It just sounds extremely incautious to me. > No tips will help if the history is crap. So there should actually be a history of histories :) Perhaps something for the git team to pick up... Perhaps capitalism, being close to "the survival of the fittest", is actually the most "natural" mode for an economy. Why not do the same with all of technology? Why do shareholders of big corporations profit from science in a grossly non-proportional way, while more than 50% of world's population has to live on under $2 a day? It is time for the world's greatest minds to start thinking about how to fix capitalism, because it seems to be seriously broken. And we need it fixed more than we need e.g. iPhone 7.0, or Google Adwords 2.0. Perhaps you missed the word "non-proportional" (=disproportionate) Does it show how to compute the error margins? Nice improvements. But they seem only marginal. Yes, speed may have gone up by a certain factor (which has remained surprisingly stable in the last decade, or so it seems). On the other hand, programming complexity has gone way up, while predictability of performance has been lost. > If people don't have the potential to get rich creating a New Thing or Efficient Method, what's to encourage them to even consider Something Better Let me give an example. In academics, as pointed out here before, smart young people have to survive for a long time on relatively low pay, and without a real prospect of making a lot of money in the long term. In other words, they do this work because they like to do it, and/or for idealistic reasons. If we can (somehow) change the system such that smart and idealistic people get in charge instead of greedy people, that could be a step forward. Again, I'm just giving an example, to show you my line of thinking. I don't claim that this is the correct approach. The most fascinating part: it seems people here are more excited about this toy than about having actual real-life sex :) The problem with libraries is that they might not match. For example, what if one library you use uses another String class from another library you use. You'd have to write a lot of glue-code to let these libraries talk to eachother. It gets especially tricky if one library uses a garbage collector, and another library uses a different one. You could get cycles between objects managed by different libraries, which would never get collected (ouch!) But in any case, I prefer that over working with a framework. Frameworks pretend to have everything figured out, but in reality they have not, and they are a pain to work with if you deviate the slightest from the "master plan". Also, libraries are more easily replaced than frameworks, which is a huge advantage. And they invite you to think modularly, rather than monolithically, which helps to keep complexity down. I found this to be insightful: > ... human neurons are slow yet humans can perform lots of complicated tasks in a fraction of a second. More specifically, it is well-known that a human neuron fires no more than 100 times per second. This means that, if a human can solve a problem in 0.1 seconds, then our neurons have enough time to fire only 10 times --- definitely not much more than that. It therefore follows that a large neural network with 10 layers can do anything a human can in 0.1 seconds. I really don't understand the meaning of this sentence (below). Perhaps somebody could explain? > As a hypothetical example, suppose a researcher is interested in how Democrats and Republicans perform differently in a short mathematics test when it is expressed in two different contexts, involving either healthcare or the military. Nice. I'm wondering, does "zero lag" mean that the painting is handled in a background thread, while keeping the UI responsive. Or does it mean something else? From the article: > We hope that these high-quality code releases will be a catalyst to the research community and we will continue to update them from time to time. The software runs on Nvidia hardware. Not sure if all their servers are fitted with one or more GPU cards... I think it is more likely that this is just research software. I'm looking for a system that can do calligraphic pens along paths. (I use this for cartoons). I know Adobe Illustrator can do this. But Inkscape can't. (Yes, it has a calligraphic pen, but it is too direct, i.e., it doesn't allow the paths to be changed using the anchorpoints; it also doesn't allow the calligraphic strokes to be converted to paths). The problem with programming is: in the beginning it seems like fun; but then the system gets bigger, and suddenly it seems like work... Actually, security hackers often write scientific papers about bugs :) Why not just start a naming-contest? It should be pretty simple to make a webapp for this kind of thing. It is a pity that V8 is so entangled with the language Javascript. In my opinion, V8 would have been much more powerful if it was fully parameterizable in all the types that it supports, etc. In that case Python could simply be translated into V8 intermediate code (or javascript). > For those reasons, it feels like advice such as the one given by PG is lost: the people who need it most won't really get the importance of what he means, and the people who will get it can do so because they've already internalized it. Indeed. If life came with a manual, then people would still say: who needs manuals? :) I usually just say "please hang on, while I get my credit card", and then just leave the phone off the hook... What we need is better programming languages. Languages that can bridge the gap between academia and industry. > I really don't understand why people think monad is a "fancy scary term". The reason could be that the term "monad" comes from category theory, and that is a topic not everybody is too familiar with... If I were him, I would put most of my money in life extension technology. How about 6 balloons then? Note that he used "designer time" for this. > I'd call him a douche, but this is a clear case of don't hate the player, hate the game. In other words: put too much effort in networking, and hate yourself for being a douche. Put too little effort in networking and hate yourself for missing out on opportunities. Like most things in life, it's about finding a balance that works for you. Solution: besides giving out mosquito nets, also give out fishing nets... Nice! I want to know how much of each ingredient is in the food. I want the tool to automatically collect the nutritients and vitamins and other components from ingredients and subingredients, and sub-sub-ingredients, etc. (Sorry for brevity) This is interesting. But I have a question about scientific papers in general, that perhaps somebody here can answer. Why don't papers have a big timestamp on the first page? I always have to do a small investigation to find out when a paper was published/accepted approximately. Also, I'm wondering why there is no public online discussion forum for scientific papers in general. I would have expected that google-scholar would have filled this gap by now. I'm looking for a toolbox that can give me: 1. client-side (javascript) database access 2. automatic updates to the client's view of the database And also: 3. automatic optimal re-execution of javascript code whenever something changes in the input (e.g., the database). Note the word "optimal", e.g., no glitches, and no (or minimal) unnecessary work done. Of course, it should be fast :) Does anybody know where to find such a toolbox, or libraries that allow me to accomplish the above? Any pointers are greatly appreciated! Thanks for that link. I did a bit of reading, and found this [1]. > These are the main bottlenecks when scaling Meteor, and they introduce two main issues: 1. The polling and comparing logic takes a lot of CPU power and network I/O. 2. After a write operation, there is no way to propagate changes to other Meteor instances in real-time. Changes will only be noticed the next time Meteor polls (~10 seconds). This seems like quite a limitation. So I wonder if there are any libraries out there that successfully solved this? [1] https://meteorhacks.com/does-meteor-scale.html I'm looking for a solution that allows database access from the client (the browser) directly. As far as I know, you can't run PHP on the client (at least efficiently). > The scientific community is sufficiently diverse that it would be difficult to establish one discussion forum. Have a look at stack-exchange. It is a discussion forum for a diverse group of people. > Plus the people whose comments are most valuable would likely be hesitant to comment publicly in writing on their competitors’ papers. Well, a forum at least could help people to actually understand the papers. Also, but this is for the more distant future, the scientific rating system could be extended with a score for the most insightful comments (besides just a score for the number of citations). Indeed. If most deaths occur during mid-summer, then people born in autumn live slightly longer on average than people born in spring. I simply muted sound in my current chrome tab before I opened the link. Or at least, I fancied that. Ok. It indeed seems to be the case that the polling delay can be eliminated. But I'm wondering, if db-changes are written to the client directly, is it still possible to apply security rules to that? Evidently, I don't want all my db-changes to be written to all clients, and, preferably, a security-filter should be able to determine which clients receive which updates. > A new modular browser - Entirely written in Javascript I wonder how they implemented incremental layout efficiently in Javascript. Does this apply to men and women equally? I'm actually looking for a system that allows me to write Javascript code in the normal imperative way, and automatically makes it reactive. So, for example, calling a function f(a, b) is first done normally, and then, when e.g. "b" changes value, the function f(a, b) is re-evaluated incrementally. Note that this means that not simply f is invoked again, but that f is recursively re-evaluated. Anybody here aware of such a system? I know there is research in this area ([1]). I would really like to use such a system in Javascript. [1] http://www.umut-acar.org/publications-by-topic#TOC-Self-Adju... I assume RethinkDB allows the direct use of the database from within the client. This makes me wonder how they handle security. For example, let's assume that I want to implement a "filesystem" using this database. How would I add rules that allowed the client-side to use only the records it is allowed to use (for instance, if the "filesystem" is configured such that access is limited for certain users)? In my opinion, the current way of doing things with reactive mechanisms really doesn't make it clear what the program is doing. There's lots of things happening at the same time, and also glitches can occur (variables rapidly changing after eachother), and also non-optimal efficiency (things being recomputed unnecessarily). If my program just gets re-evaluated in an optimal way (without any other side-effects) then that would make my life much simpler. The research I linked to already states that it can be done. So I was wondering if there are any Javascript implementations yet out there. Very interesting! Thanks. I just hope there will be a browser-implementation soon :) Indeed, thanks for correcting. Hi, I'm just reading through the ReactJS docs for the first time, and I found something peculiar. Let me explain. So, as I understand ReactJS invokes a render() method defined by the user (programmer), and the result of that is diff'ed to previous results of the same method, and as a result, the DOM is modified. I can understand this, but... The DOM is already incrementally rendered by the browser. That is, changes to the DOM are not direct, but are performed by the browser in a way that is as efficient as possible. So, why the need for a render() method? Also, the render() method itself could be quite big and thus could take a long time to run, and almost completely nullify all advantages of incrementally updating only the display. So, as you can see, I'm a bit confused... So let's assume I have a listbox with N elements in it. I assume the render() method has to visit each of these elements every time an updates takes place, so it is O(N). Please correct me if I'm wrong here. Now for a certain value of N, things will become slow, unresponsive. I'm guessing now that this value of N is above the value where the browser cannot handle this number of elements anyway. Is this correct? PS: I understand that it is possible to completely optimize the listbox case. But that is not the scenario I'm interested in. I'm interested most and above all in the typical use-case. I'm just using a listbox as an example here. Just replace it by any other sufficiently complicated and customized UI component if desired. But how do I remove non-visible elements from the render-tree? Is this something I have to do explicitly like I would have to do without React? Or does React somehow take care of this for me? > Special relativity suggests that the concept of simultaneity is not universal: according to the relativity of simultaneity, observers in different frames of reference can have different perceptions of whether a given pair of events happened at the same time or at different times, with there being no physical basis for preferring one frame's judgments over another's (though in a case where one event A happens in the past light cone of another event B, all frames will agree that A happened in the past of B). Makes me wonder if there is something that can be added to the concept of space-time which makes this untrue. Thanks a lot for this detailed explanation. If I get this clearly, then still: render() -> returns N items every time it is invoked And React will diff those N items against the DOM (using a key) every time an update is required. So, to me it appears that still O(N) amount of work has to be done every time something small changes in the list. This is not necessarily a bad thing. But here we assume that doing render() is faster than actually building the DOM from scratch, even though they have the same computational complexity, O(N). Anyway, I'll have a look at that link. Very interesting, thanks again. But then render() has to re-generate all the stuff over and over again, which could be slow. Well, offtopic, but imho bookmarks need serious work in Chromium. I'm constantly looking for my bookmarks, and not finding them. Perhaps a search+time filter could help here. Also, when clicking on "Other bookmarks", I currently get a dropdown of about a thousand elements :) I hope a UX person can have a good look at this sometime. Yes, the code uses the IO monad, you might want to look it up. I wonder why it uses the convention: stdout (input "test/foo") instead of: output stdout (input "test/foo") which would be expected considering the previous line. Minimizing javascript code using a minimizer currently cannot be done well in a guaranteed way, because the minimizer must make too many assumptions. Therefore, I think javascript is too dynamic for a web-language. Unfortunately, they didn't solve this with ES6. What these tools do is "generalize", which is essentially the same as "discriminate". (If someone makes generalizing assumptions about another person, then whether this is based on shopping-behavior, or skin-color, is not relevant.) Hence such tools should be forbidden, or at least their use restricted. No, the problem is that if these tools are incorrect then they are falsely discriminating. If they are correct, then they are freaky. And then there is the problem that you don't know when they are correct. There's just too many things fundamentally wrong with this kind of application of technology. Personally, I just want a way to sort bookmarks by date, a grep-like search of titles, and a similar grep-like search of the page contents. And then perhaps a more intelligent search. Can it also do 3D delaunay tetrahedralizations? Also, the most difficult aspect (imho) of computational geometry is in decision-making, for instance, to determine if a point lies within an object, and it should give the same outcome even if the problem is viewed from a permutated set of points (which represents essentially the same question). Does the library offer any solutions in this direction? The problem with filesystems is that they don't usually support transactions. For example, it is not possible to atomically change two files, without resorting to ugly and dangerous hacks. Facebook should be prohibited from looking into the data that I send to friends. Rationale: telephone companies are not allowed to listen in on my conversations, so why should facebook be allowed to do essentially the same? IMHO, facebook and other social networks (with say >100k users) should be regulated much like telecom companies, and I am surprised that they aren't yet. Also note that telecom companies are required to interoperate with other telecom companies. I always thought that the speed of light was sort-of built into Maxwell's equations through the permittivity and permeability of the medium (or vacuum), and comes out as the 1/sqrt of the product of these parameters. See [1]. Is this proof giving a deeper understanding, in the sense that these parameters somehow dissolve? EDIT: Ok, I've actually read the article and it seems this proof is fairly standard, and was well known long before even the wikipedia page was written. It is nice that this proof is now available in such a clearly written form, though. I wish all the material on wikipedia was so clearly written :) EDIT 2: It would be nice if this proof could be written down using differential forms, instead of the rather clumsy curl-div-grad notation, that gives rise to the big matrices in this proof. In fact, it bewilders me why the coordinate-dependent curl-div-grad notation is even used anymore in education nowadays, but that is another story. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxwell%27s_equations My biggest concern: currently, programming is 10% thinking and 90% plumbing. Most applications, even in the distributed web-service age, are just about sending data from A to B. Or updating results based on changes of inputs. If we cannot solve these problems in a simple and generic way, then most of our intellectual capacity is lost to basic plumbing work. And unfortunately, new programming languages and frameworks are not making the tasks fundamentally simpler, only superficially (like reducing the required number of lines-of-code by merely a constant factor). Another problem I see is that functionality is often duplicated among multiple languages. For example, there's a library for doing computational geometry, written in Python, in C++, in Haskell, in Javascript, etc. This is of course enormously wasteful, and the only thing necessary to solve this is a decent mapping between languages. In other words, we need better tools to get ourselves out of this mess. I took Latin in high-school but I always wondered what Latin would have sounded like. Even though the universe is (probably) infinite, this does of course not mean that it is infinitely repetitive. Take for example the function y=x: even though the x-axis is infinite, no value of y occurs twice. Also note that the argument can be made in time also. If time is infinite, events may occur repetitively indefinitely. But they may also not (for example, if the universe "crunches" and stays that way). I'm still looking for an elegant way to reject commits whenever a certain pattern appears in one of the files to be committed (like "FIXME"). I know it can be done (tried it about a year ago), but it was too much of a hassle to use it on all of my repositories. Why aren't exceptions used here? Is this because the behavior is sort of "exceptional" but not so exceptional that the (supposedly inefficient) exception-mechanism is warranted? In that case, I think the compiler should handle this case still. Using profiling, it could determine which exceptions are really exceptions and which ones are not. Interesting. This is certainly new for me :) Small question. How does one become a Hollywood writer? I wonder if "differentiation of code" also requires something like continuity, like in calculus. Or is it possible to differentiate any piece of code? Also, can anybody comment, how does this compare to [1]. I'm interested in incremental computation for UIs, especially ones which run in the browser. Facebook/ReactJS seems to be doing work into the direction of incremental computation, but appears to be far too weak for large trees of components, and components which have a lot of underlying computational work. My hope is that one day soon somebody will develop an incremental computation language/library for Javascript that will be based on research of incremental computation, and will surpass the simple assumptions made by today's popular JS frameworks, and will allow the use of incremental computation for much larger (realistic) systems, and simultaneously simplify coding, e.g., by performing automatic triggering whenever something changes. [1] Adapton: Composable, Demand-Driven Incremental Computation, http://drum.lib.umd.edu/bitstream/1903/14708/1/CS-TR-5027.pd... to cast a shadow over the rest of town :) How about running Scala in multiple threads? And how about dealing with structurally-shared data? This (asynchronous execution) means we are forced to use cooperative multitasking, which is probably not good for reduced latency, and therefore bad for responsiveness (compare to the Windows 3.11 days where we were forced to use cooperative multitasking). Yes, I know most JS programs today use asynchronous execution successfully in practice, but to use it as the basis of a language platform is not a good idea IMHO. Especially when it comes to UIs, which need the responsiveness. EDIT: web-workers are not a solution, because you can't share large data-structures efficiently between web-workers. But you still can't use structurally shared data, which you need when you want to share large data-structures between threads. Is anybody here familiar with the book by Peter Rowlands? [1] > Unique in its field, this book uses a methodology that is entirely new, creating the simplest and most abstract foundations for physics to date. The author proposes a fundamental description of process in a universal computational rewrite system, leading to an irreducible form of relativistic quantum mechanics from a single operator. This is not only simpler, and more fundamental, but also seemingly more powerful than any other quantum mechanics formalism available. The methodology finds immediate applications in particle physics, theoretical physics and theoretical computing. In addition, taking the rewrite structure more generally as a description of process, the book shows how it can be applied to large-scale structures beyond the realm of fundamental physics There is also a video lecture series [2] [1] Peter Rowlands, Zero to Infinity, The Foundations of Physics, http://www.worldscientific.com/worldscibooks/10.1142/6544 [2] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2XdhzCORbo Mozilla is working on a type of array that can be shared. So, when writing a high-performance, scalable web-server, which language should I pick: Go, C++, Rust, Scala, other? Next question: how much energy can it store, until the capacitance breaks down? So how about if somebody in California replies to an e-mail which was sent from gmail.com? Speed is hard, but low-latency is even harder. > Throughout Europe, though not in America, there is a third class of men, more respected than either of the classes of workers. There are men who, through ownership of land, are able to make others pay for the privilege of being allowed to exist and to work. It almost sounds like they are talking about the creators of mobile ecosystems, or about the gatekeepers of the internet. Why not write a compiler that performs the metaprogramming? The input for this compiler could be in some clean, well thought-out language, and the output could be dirty C++ template metaprogramming code. This could be an interesting topic for the Discovery channel. Hmm, I don't really get it yet, but "single source of truth" sounds to me like it needs extra round-trips to this "source of truth" in order to update the display (even if the updates come from the client itself). Is that correct? Well, it could be me, but that doesn't sound very simple. Isn't that something the framework should take care of? Also, what happens when simultaneously transmitted actions/patches are in conflict? It is probably not even possible to model how a drop hits the water with only a 2D cross-section. You probably need three dimensions to model it correctly. In its present form, it is more like modeling how an infinitely long cylinder is hitting the surface of the water. What happens when you are surfing at a zoom-level unequal to 100%? Interesting, but are there any negative side-effects of (prolonged use of) this technique? > As long as there are large populations unable to afford there will be piracy. The question is: is that a bad thing? Because in that case, a download does not equal a loss of sale. From the looks of it, CRDT is performing a "merge" on incoming states. This is (imho) in general not a good way of converging, because for some operations, the process for merging may not even be properly defined. Also, in order to perform security checks, it may be required to know the actual operations being performed. So I would not say that the technique is a "successor" of OT. It seems to be a bit like using "git" to 3-way merge updates. In most cases (>99%), the merges are fine. But in some cases, a non-conflicting merge can have disastrous results. (Please correct if I am wrong.) Anybody aware of a good C++ server framework supporting most of HTTP/2, including websockets? > The uncanny valley is a hypothesis in the field of aesthetics which holds that when features look and move almost, but not exactly, like natural beings, it causes a response of revulsion among some observers. The "valley" refers to the dip in a graph of the comfort level of beings as subjects move toward a healthy, natural likeness described in a function of a subject's aesthetic acceptability. Wording by wikipedia. So apparently, there might be points on the graph where a slight increase in recognition performance actually freaks out some users. Yes, but I believe they don't support websockets yet. At least, searching their github for "websockets" gives only two broken links. UPDATE: I noticed somebody wrote websocket support [1], but it didn't get merged yet with the master. [1] https://github.com/kekekeks/proxygen You considered only the cases of honest/good and honest/bad exit interviews. Also interesting to consider might be: dishonest/good. And "dishonest" does not mean you have to lie about anything. UPDATE: Found this in the CRDT paper [1]: > CRDTs are not a universal solution, but, perhaps surprisingly, we were able to design highly useful CRDTs. [1] CRDTs: Consistency without concurrency control. Reminds me of Sokoban, which is NP-hard [1] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sokoban Last time I checked, measuring font sizes using the canvas was horribly slow. So, I wonder how they perform measurements necessary for automatic line-wrapping, et cetera. Are they doing these measurements fully in javascript? > Custom fonts are not currently supported but will be added in a future version. Ok, that is a pity. I wonder if it has something to do with the complexity of implementing measureText fully in javascript. I was also wondering how you embed video. And what if an element in the virtual DOM (e.g., a popup box) overlaps with the video? Interesting to see that people in medieval times seem to have had actually more environmental problems than we have now. Nice, but I find the following statement a bit misleading. > Is it possible to communicate six bits of information by the flip of a single coin? Considering the fact that you can choose among 2^6 coins. Personally, I'd like to run purely functional jobs, and get progress information while they are running (this is not as easy as it sounds). Automatic memoization of jobs. And automatic killing of jobs and removal of data when results are no longer required (this should work transitively/recursively). "Full-stack" actually sounds to me like a stack overflow waiting to happen :) Nice explanation. I'm still wondering about something. Assume that I have one big data model (the main state). I build my virtual DOM from the main state. The states from all the sub-components are derived from this main state. Now, something in the main-state is changed, but the change should affect only a single sub-component in the tree. How does React know that only that sub-component needs to be re-rendered? I guess that it is still necessary to call setState on the sub-component, but I suspect that the logic to figure out which component needs to be re-rendered can become quite ugly, and prone to errors. Are they not addressing this issue, or am I overlooking something? Is it possible to automatically (without any additional code) animate the differences between two versions of the DOM? This would make it possible to, e.g., animate the creation of some space between two DIVs before inserting a new DIV in between, and animate the removal of space when a DIV disappears. This is something that is not easy in CSS alone, and could reduce much of the flickering in web-pages which potentially makes users lose their orientation (if the DIVs are large). You are right. It is also possible to view the process as a lazy functional computation, which produces a list of progress-items, with the last element of the list being the result of the computation. Such a view is useful when job A invokes another job B, and job A needs to compute new progress information based on the progress information from job B. Anyway, I think such a tool would be highly useful. Also, "progress" is an often overlooked feature, but users actually appreciate it a lot, and often even require it. And you simply can't easily add progress-computation to a system as an after-thought. You have to "weave" it through the design as you build it. Yes, I'm aware that it is possible to go around this limitation. The problem I have with this is that it kind of defeats the purpose of the library: keeping the view logic in one place. Imagine I have a control with a large number (say N) of sub-components. Now something changes in the state of the control, which corresponds only to one of the sub-components. This change has to propagate to the right component. However, the shouldComponentUpdate() function is invoked on each of the components. This is O(N) work. This seems unreasonable. To work around this, I could determine which component needs to change in the parent control. But this would mean a separation of logic. They are promoting the use of these tools to write new apps. So I'd say rewriting anything has nothing to do with it. Anybody aware of general graph drawing algorithms that are optimal in one sense or the other? Like minimal number of edge-crossings, minimual number of edge-bends, or minimal length of edges, or a combination thereof. Preferably in JS of course :) Note that it is only possible to make a video looping if the entropy does not increase visibly in it. Could somebody explain what the use is of HFT to society? Because I don't get it. Links are also welcome. Nice article, but why refer to a set as {n}? Mathematicians read this as a set containing one element, n. My advice: determine your briggs meyers' personality type, and see what you can change about being introvert, and what is just part of your personality. Also, if you have many social problems, it may be the case that you suffer from (social) anxiety, and you should talk to your doctor about it. > Today every UI toolkit that is not running in a browser needs a UI Thread This highlights why the idea of running a UI in the browser is actually seriously broken. How about: - implementing a text editor - implementing a rich text editor - implementing a web browser It is a pity that the mathematics on this page is typeset so badly. Because the subject seems very interesting. I just want to note that asynchronous programming is analogous to cooperative multitasking, as used in the Windows 3.1 era. It seems, if we value low latency, that we should not pursue that route for the long term, or we should be very cautious about it. For tasks that are not purely I/O bound, its use is questionable. > but asynchronous programming is targeting only a single (server) application As systems get more complex, this is not true anymore, because thinking otherwise would put the composability of the software at risk. Large software is typically built from many heterogeneous components. > I also would add, that asynchronous implemented server applications are doing oftentimes better than systems that primarily rely on threading. In the case of purely I/O bound applications, you may be right. Otherwise, it is a matter of finding the "sweet spot": just like bubble-sort is faster for certain applications than quicksort, does not mean it is the sort-routine we should be putting at the center of our frameworks, and build our software around. Also note that asynchronously servicing N users, where each of the N services has a certain probability p>0 to "lock" the system for longer than expected, will increasingly become an unresponsive experience for increasing N. > Things are "developed to be different, not better." This is certainly true for the Apple keyboard. It is totally an-organic. Give me a cheap standard Logitec keyboard over an Apple keyboard anytime. Cool, but imho to claim "high performance" it should also have support for HTTP 2. Still it's kind of absurd that we are humans, and not, say, mosquitos, for the a-priori probability of finding yourself in the body of a mosquito is quite a bit higher. It all looks great, but I wonder what happens when my model is actually a large database (or, for example, a large map), and the visual components are each observing changes in this database (or map). Would the database be one big signal? Or would the database be a large collection of signals? How would one model this (efficiently) in elm? I wonder if it is also possible in elm to perform layout-dependent logic. For example: show a piece of text horizontally, but if it is too wide (in pixels), show it vertically. Apple also ditched its hobbyist customers a long time ago. Therefore, I'm not sure that is the (only) reason. Perhaps it is better to judge an article by its contents only. > Select some text on your Smart device and copy it This is the not-so-easy part. Especially if you have big fingers. A better interface would allow me to just make a screenshot, send that over to my PC automatically, and extract the text from it. Speaking about AI, is it really that hard to do the OCR'ing of the images? I'm no expert, but I was under the impression hat this was a solved problem. Is it possible to mix them, while showing, for example, videos, which are clipped by paths or partly obscured by overlaying elements? Are there any applications for this? I just entered: \int xdx And no matching results... I'm not sure if that link is NSFW or not :) Here's an idea: there should be a maximum number N of employees a company can have. This enforces companies to think about the greater good, because if you're in a company that is split because of size, you might end up in a different company. Also, a maximum on the number of employees stimulates the "modularity" of the market: large conglomerates with internal markets will not be possible anymore. I'm not sure of all the repercussions, but perhaps we can start with N at a large value, and slowly (over several decades) decrease it, and see what happens. But think about it... Suddenly every company can have Search Ad Services as good as Google's. Also, if you don't like what company X is doing, you just need to find N qualified people, and you can start your own X. Every department could be run by a separate company. This also ensures quality at the department level. These companies could then be hired by the hospital itself. Of course a company cannot be selective about its customers in a way that is anti competitive. Health care is working far from properly in the case of normal capitalism, so actually it is a bad example. Even large programs can be structured such that they have small modules. The same can apply to companies. Could this mean we will soon be moving towards micropayments? And perhaps less dependence on app stores? Well, we already know that the current form of capitalism isn't perfect either. So I don't think there is a need to prove anything for every possible case. Also, we can make exceptions when we get there (even though I don't believe they need to be made). Strictly speaking, nothing can ever be confirmed or disproven, for random events in the universe can always spoil any experiment. QM, by its statistical nature, actually destroyed the definition of science. We can only speak of how likely we believe that something about the physical reality is true. Out of interest, did you define some kind of measure by which you can test how well the chosen method performs? (There are a lot of suggestions here, so it would be nice if at least you could choose the "best" one) This makes me wonder: is it also considered a bad thing for rockstar developers to look on the internet (stackoverflow etc.) for hints or solutions? Interesting, but I was hoping for a youtube link :) How would you deal with the following cases? - people using the service just to figure out the price of something (and then declining)? - people not being happy with what they got delivered (perhaps rightfully so), and wanting their money back? If Magic is going to be the one selecting the services, this may cost Google and others a great deal in ad revenue. How would they respond to this? Their own meta-service? Why don't we just define time such that no communication to the past is possible. Also interesting would be a breakdown by language. For example C++ versus Haskell. I guess most of nature is described by differential equations, starting with fundamental physics. So in the end, that statement does not add much. It is the kind of differential equation that actually matters. In this case it is a non-linear DE, which means that it is probably not really a fundamental process, but a more complicated, derived process. Besides, there are also non-repeating patterns in nature that are governed by differential equations. Very basic examples are the temperature across a heated room, and the voltage across a resistor. Actually, I'm looking for a service that allows me to: - test whether emails I send actually end up in the inbox of my customers (not in their spam filter) - buffer outgoing generated email, such that I can review them before they are really sent (or send them if I don't review them within say 48 hours) Also, isn't there some open source validation tool, that can also convert any valid HTML into HTML that is accepted by all/most clients? No it is not the same thing. It provides a different way of looking at the same problem. Because if we force the direction of time to be always forward, we would have to modify our understanding of physics to make that assumption hold, leading to a different view of the same results, which could be extremely useful. Let's be real. It's 2015 and we need quite some hoops to get, in most cases, some very simple data rendered on the screen. And even with all those hoops, we are still not sure that it works in all cases. Isn't it time for better tools than react? Like functional languages that support incremental computation? True. But consider this: if we had a functional-style language that did not do any incremental computation, only the minimal React-style of re-rendering, that would already be infinitely better. Because it would mean we wouldn't have to totally rewrite our code whenever incremental computation became a reality. In other words, we can do it in steps. I wonder if there will be a time when we can stop calling these things "GPUs", because right now, with all these new applications, it really doesn't make much sense anymore. Also, I hope that there will be a possibility to chain more of these cards together, because currently they hardly fit inside a regular machine (these cards are quite bulky with all their fans and heatsinks and stuff), and the PCI connectors are commonly quite closely spaced (and there are few of them). Adding or removing a single card is no joy. A server-rack unit has even less space. I'd rather see these cards made into their own (stackable) boxes, to be placed next to or on top of the main computer. But what if an underlying "random number generator" was actually built into the rules of physics? In other words, that quantum randomness appears to be random, but is a byproduct of a (probably much more complicated) underlying scheme that is totally deterministic. (This random number generator would not be external to the universe, but implicitly built into the rules of this universe.) There are so many details in eg JavaScript that a website could probe, that it really doesn't seem feasible Interesting strategy. Except of course that it adds an unduly amount of CO2 to the atmosphere. We don't need patents to justify everything. Think of space exploration. No patents are necessary for the government to invest billions of dollars into that industry. Furthermore, pharmaceutical companies have no incentive to find a real cure for anything if they can make more money fighting symptoms. I think there should be no distinction between software or hardware or even mathematics. What counts is the amount of research effort that went into an invention. It would be unfair if a mechanical engineer could make millions, while an equivalently capable software engineer could not. Therefore, I think the EU has it all wrong. And this is regardless of whether or not the patent system as a whole should be abolished. I'm actually amazed that he reached the age of 75! I didn't know people could become that old back in those days. Was he an exception? I guess we can find most of our helium near the top of our atmosphere :) Anybody here successful with the strategy of hiring somebody to find good jobs for you? Of course, because DDG can't build a profile of you, it would have to resort to some guessing. For example, if you search for "python", it would have to guess whether you are a programmer, or a biologist, in order to present the most relevant results. And of course, Google already has all this information... See: http://www.patientslikeme.com/ Indeed interesting. I wonder if there is a tool for generating input in a way that guarantees that all locations in the program are actually covered (in other words, that all reachable code has been reached). Of course, this is no guarantee that the program actually works, but it would make me sleep better :) Why not just use the % operator to make the memory wrap around? It seems so much simpler and less prone to errors. Ok, you'll need an extra ALU operation, but these are cheap nowadays, especially if % is implemented by bit-masking. Also, mmap may confuse the compiler, and to counter that you will have to add "volatile" everywhere, which very likely implies a performance hit anyway. > The second relies on two external functions and is one line long. > console.log(sum(range(1, 10))); > Which one is more likely to contain a bug? I'd say the second one. Because the first one is totally transparent. The second one relies on functions I can't see. Especially the "range" function may cause problems because here it generates the full range, including both delimiters, unlike the range function in e.g. python. EDIT: functional programming is extremely useful, but I don't think this example really highlights the most important advantages. The term to search for would be "supermassive black hole binaries". Apparently, these systems have a characteristic fingerprint. http://arstechnica.com/science/2015/01/supermassive-black-ho... I wonder what happens if test-engineer Bob finds out that there is a new job-opening for a test-engineer in his company, with a salary that is significantly higher than his own current salary. One of the main problems with breaking up a system into many independent (micro?)systems is that you can't easily combine two or more systems into a logical transaction. Or, in other words, it becomes increasingly more difficult to do things atomically to the complete system. Is this problem covered? Ok, with the strategy of employers to be reluctant with publishing salary info, how do you currently determine your market rate? And given the fact that this market rate is not a clearly defined value (also thanks to employers' reluctance), don't you think it is necessary to at least negotiate with your current employer if you believe you're being paid below par? It sounds like this is a difficult path to take. Especially considering the fact that, usually, system requirements may change over time. Here's an idea for an architecture that doesn't suffer from compatibility problems ever: - Every web site refers to the bytecode for its required render engine - This engine is loaded in an intelligent/cached way, and run in a sandboxed environment whenever the website is visited - Since the website picks its own render engine (or provides its own), the developers of the website know for sure that it will render the website correctly - Besides the render engine, also the scripting language could be referenced/provided in the same way. An architecture like this could boost the proliferation of open-source render engines and in-browser languages. I just wished we could put on top of our HTML something like: or something along those lines. This approach doesn't need to depend on Java. It would preferably use a minimal, non-garbage-collected VM, or something along the lines of NativeClient (or simply asm.js initially). "It can't be indexed" happens to hold for a lot of websites that are basically single-page web-apps and which build their contents from within javascript. Fortunately, Google and others are using AI techniques to index pages. No need for special markup, or special structure. Text-selection can be built into the render-engine of choice. Granted, this is not a guarantee that it will work for all websites, but even today you can turn off text-selection for a website, so you don't have that guarantee now either. Also, AI or OCR could help here. As an added benefit, it would allow one to even select text in an image. Also note that this doesn't work so well in JS, because JS is not a multi-threaded language and it typically suffers from garbage-collection pauses. This is not good enough for UI work, unfortunately. And also not good enough as the target of compilers. But, granted, to get this started, JS (or the asm.js subset) could be used initially (and be replaced later). I'm just amazed that they had to figure out that the "long tail" matters. It seems so obvious. It is almost like the owner of a hardware store coming to the conclusion that his customers want more than just a swiss army tool. Bingo :) But it makes me wonder how well is asm.js supported by the new IE? Great developments, since, imho, we really need multi-threading to make decent user-interfaces (ones without hick-ups due to blocking of the cpu-resource). I think what we need is immutable data-structures to be shareable between threads. This approach should also allow structural sharing between threads, allowing for efficient and safe data structures. Also, I could see a use for a mechanism where a thread creates a data-structure, then marks it as read-only, such that it can become shared. It starts to become a problem when the messages are very large. Consider the case where you need to send a big set to a thread, so that it can use it as a part of a computation. Conversion to JSON would be too slow, because every element of the set would have to be visited upon invocation. You often want large computations to be performed in a side-thread (to avoid blocking the UI thread). It would be a pity if such computations couldn't take large data-structures as an argument, because large computations often take large amounts of data as input. Interesting. I wonder how they handle incremental rendering though. Only the forward-path is described in your reference [2]. The problem with React is that it doesn't improve the computational complexity of the problem. In fact, it makes the situation worse, since every little update is now O(n). It looks like a white and gold coloured dress, which was accidentally washed with a blue sock :) But how does one know which packages run on which platforms? And how does one not get caught in a dependency trap, where one of the modules you use ultimately (perhaps after upgrading) needs io.js, and another needs nodejs. Perhaps they can cooperate with a company like Wacom to allow the screen to be used as a drawing canvas for styluses with pressure/angle sensitivity etc. Could it be that some people have "absolute" colour vision, while others have not? Just like, in music, some people have absolute pitch? I hope there is some consensus on protocols between all the various similar projects. I wonder if superoptimization can be performed more effciently by using statistical techniques based on the input code sequence. And of course, memoization could be used when compiling the same piece of code twice e.g. during development (actually I would expect that feature in today's optimizing compilers). The same holds for many things. For instance, software licenses. If your license is restrictive, then no matter how good your product, eventually your competitors will catch up with a "good enough" product that has a less restrictive license. Therefore, open source licenses will eventually converge to permissive, like MIT or BSD style licenses. No I haven't, but feel free to do so :) I guess this would also be useful for non-computer artists who like to play with typography. Question, though. What if your notes are too context specific. So, for example, the note would bind to the specific file you are viewing in vim, whereas the contents of the note would be helpful for any file opened in vim? But how do you specify at what level the note should bind? Sometimes, you'd want it at the file-level, sometimes at the vim-level, and sometimes at the terminal-level, I suppose. Isn't that just called "journaling", as opposed to "immutable"? Interesting. But, it must be said that he was just lucky that the x^2 terms canceled :) Some advantages of libraries: - they stimulate more clearly defined APIs - allow each component to be easily replaced by another component Some disadvantages of libraries: - every library typically needs some "glue logic" to fit in the total program, causing performance overhead and/or code ugliness - every library maintains state in a different way, making it difficult to atomically control or save the state of the complete application (a similar problem exists with microservices) - (related) also garbage collection over objects in different libraries may become a nightmare if every library implements its own garbage collector (try mixing V8 and a Java VM, for example) It looks like gmail is broken, and your employees should just switch service-providers. I think the language should support the creation of parser generators such that the output of the generators can be used in a straightforward way (as opposed to the Yacc way, where you have to write difficult make files to include the generator output in the build process) The biggest problem nowadays would be the X-ray check, which could turn out quite unhealthy. And then perhaps air pressure and temperature. Very neat. Is this using actual physics? In some examples, I get the feeling that the conservation of volume is not correctly modeled. And in the clock example, how can the fluid escape the hourglass? A couple of problems with SVG: - Difficult to really mix with HTML elements, like video (the example here is kind of a border-case that works, but try for example clipping a video by a non-rectangular path). - No hinting at smaller pixel-sizes, meaning that you'd need different SVGs for different pixel-sizes in order for them to look pretty at small sizes. I think what we need most is a community-backed source of fingerprints. Because the authority-based approach only works well for popular songs (at least, that is my impression, based on frequently using commercial recognizing apps). I am wondering why high-end amplifiers are still so expensive. Amplification should be a solved problem by now. Also, what I miss most in the whole sound chain is that I can't change the volume of the tracks that existed before they were mixed into a single track. For example, making the volume of that trumpet in the background a little louder, etc. Am I the only one who thinks it is sad that one needs a "skeleton" to write a minimal app? Also, after having taught this class to 20 students for 5 years, I guess every possible angle of the subject has been studied, so the next one to write an essay on the subject is sure to be committing plagiarism :) If you like pipes, then you will love lazy evaluation. It is unfortunate, though, that Unix doesn't support that (operations can block when "writing" only, not when "nobody is reading"). I can already see the future: IP packets with prioritization and billing information in their headers. I guess you found another issue with Unix. The user does not care in general how something is performed, just that it is performed correctly and with good performance. I guess an OS should be functional at its interface to the user, and only imperative deep down to keep things running efficiently. However, note that this hypothetical functional layer on top also would ensure efficiency, as it enables lazy evaluation. This type of efficiency could under certain circumstances be even more valuable than the bare-metal performance of system programming languages. Well, in any case, the problem can be resolved by adding a kernel-level api function that allows one to wait (block) until results are requested from the other end of the pipe. Why: consider the generation of a stream of random numbers; assume each random number requires a lot of CPU-intensive work; obviously, you don't want to put unnecessary load on the CPU, and hence it is better to not fill any buffer ahead of time (before the random numbers are being requested). Is there a working theory yet on how taste and smell work? (Can they be decomposed like the RGB triplets of vision, or the frequencies of sound?) Features I'd like: - allow me to save (upload?) my own commandline snippets, and show those first whenever I search for them. - allow grep-like search-patterns - automatically save my history (over all sessions), and allow me to search it too (it should also be possible to show some lines of context) - when saving history, also save the CWD where the command was issued - this should also work when logging in from multiple locations, using an account - allow me to (optionally) run my own server, so my commands don't end up on a public server So, in essence, this network can learn to "unproject" images. Since projection is a lossy operation, a projected image has potentially multiple inverses. And this makes me wonder how this system deals with the situation where two or more inverses exist and are equally likely. I'm amazed we still use configuration files like that. Why not have some capable programming language (python, javascript) handle the configuration? This would let one more naturally describe things, and will eventually reduce the possibility of obscure configuration commands that do one very specific thing, and hence lead to frustration when the user needs something slightly different. Using a programming language, one could even configure using callbacks, etc. and is much more flexible. But still, the developer of the configuration file format has to think of all possible use-cases of httpd. It seems to me that life for the developer, as well as the user, could be much simpler with a programming language instead. RFID tags don't necessarily need power. And they can be quite cheap. I think what we need is a programming language that addresses performance orthogonally from correctness/functionality. What this means is that a programmer could write his code in a very easy-to-understand functional style (say), and then he could write a library of rewrite rules that allows the program to be executed more efficiently. But he made a big mistake [1] [1] http://www.math.utah.edu/~palais/pi.html My personal recipe: rsync -avPH --delete-before And then make hard-links of all files to another folder, named BACKUP_yymmdd This way, the backup is incremental, and you have snapshots of older versions of the backup, where there is structural sharing between snapshots. If you run it over ssh it is. Or do you mean stored in an encrypted way? > ffmpeg is downright magical Actually, in my experience, ffmpeg is the linux-program that by far outshines any other program in... failing or crashing :/ I'm sorry to say this. And, unfortunately, there isn't any other open source program doing a better job in terms of file format support. Interesting point. It turns out that introvert personalities are more commonly seen on suicidal forums. Closer inspection reveals that introvert intuitive (IN) type of personalities rank by far highest in suicidal thoughts by this measure, with the exception of INFJ types [1] [1] http://intjforum.com/showthread.php?t=74782 Totally agree. And actually, I find HTML in itself too verbose to begin with. Why require those close tags? So that one can see what tag is being closed? That is stupid, because in most cases, we're using just a few tags (DIV, SPAN) anyway, so this gives very little information. I'd rather use real open and close braces like most data-structures in modern programming languages. Interesting. But if the universe is all consciousness, then one can ask what it is conscious about, and why this consciousness is forced to follow the laws of physics. On the other hand, I find it surprising that science does not deal with "experience of awareness", for clearly it is part of reality (since we are talking about it) and hence of physics (there is only one way out of this, which is to say that we are all zombies just making up that our awareness is influencing reality). By the way, anyone know of a more concise term for "experience of awareness"? I have been looking for it, and I'm sure it must exist, but no luck so far. How do philosophers address this concept? Also, how can we run Lua in the browser? And how does it compare to "native" javascript in terms of performance? Style review: * Avoid using NULL in your resume. It has a negative connotation, and makes your resume look bad. * Make use of as many existing libraries as possible, to show that you're not the kind of programmer that wants to invent the wheel on every occasion. * Try to obfuscate your resume a little (but not too much!) As it is written here, your reader can easily guess what the program will do, and he/she will not even want to run it anymore. * #include a portfolio of your work inside your resume. But nowadays, the behavior of an element can be completely styled by CSS. So in most code, you will find a lot of DIVs. And imagine having 10 DIVs nested: you can't possibly tell by looking at the closing DIVs which DIVs they are closing... Unless perhaps you put also the classname on the closing tag (which isn't allowed or enforced or verified). So, as you can see, the closing tag has very little utility. It only makes the code less readable (as it takes space). And also, but this is secondary, it requires more bandwidth. These areas could be cleared in a separate thread, of course. But this is a problem with the design of the software, not with the video. There is also a negative link between breastfeeding and ADHD, [1]. [1] http://www.medicaldaily.com/breastfeeding-new-ritalin-resear... I don't understand why people would want to do mathematics in imperative languages. (Yes, I understand imperative languages are faster, but why not just keep the imperative parts for the "inner loops", nicely isolated, and a functional core for everything else?) These type of data structures seem to me as the perfect case for formal proof systems. They are (almost) too complicated to understand for a human, yet sufficiently simple (I guess) for formal tools to deal with. I'm still waiting for a tutorial that will teach me to use both :) This shows that being lazy can actually make you faster. I wish more languages had good support for laziness. The irony is that without Stallman (GNU software), there probably wouldn't be facebook :) There are also in-browser tools that prevent cookies from being sent to third parties. This is very interesting. I hope they can implement some of their ideas in the areas of an online democracy, where voting becomes more informed, and decisions more transparent [1,2] Iceland could be the first country with a "liquid democracy" [2] [1] http://liquidfeedback.org/ [2] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg0_Vhldz-8 I have one question. It is often said that in Erlang, one can have a large number of threads. However, doesn't that cause problems with the memory hierarchy (cache)? Fear of death is a product of the human mind. Animals, for instance, have no idea that they will one day die. Even when an animal is under attack, it will have fear, but not of death. Now, death itself, is, in a way, also a product of the human mind. For we are, on a fundamental level, all the same creature; it just happens that there are no neuronic connections between our brains, so it appears to us that we are different creatures, but we are not. So in effect, death does not exist in the way that most people envision it. It would be cool to see a "layered" language. By this, I mean a language that has no typing at its lowest level, but you can add it as a library on top of the base level. Then you can add stuff like automatic resolution of calls, etc., as another abstraction level. Of course, you could also add other rules instead of typing. For example, you could pepper your programs with arbitrary proofs, etc., and this could be directed by yet another library on top of your program. Perhaps I'm dreaming. But it sounds like useful to me, as there are so many languages that are almost similar, and yet are slightly different in the way they handle typing and things like polymorphism. It would seem to me that those languages could all share a common base. I can't help but wonder why Closure doesn't support tail recursion. Yes, I know that the JVM is not supportive in this area, but it is the compiler's job to make the programmer's life easier, right? And not having tail recursion seems overly restrictive, and (imho) could only lead to clumsy code. Furthermore, it limits the ease of switching between other functional languages and Clojure. Also it complicates rewriting code from other languages to Clojure. The problem is that when a program contains a JIT compiler, then suddenly, code == data. I wish people used analogies less. Because often analogies are either bad, or at some point stretched. And in most cases, dealing with the subject directly is more straightforward and less prone to misinterpretation. Reading your last paragraph, I just wished more people were researching ways to fix this situation, and to come up with new economic models to replace standard capitalism. It would probably be the least bullshit job of all :) I just wish I could replace my floating point numbers by an arbitrarily more precise version of them (no matter what the cost in terms of performance), in order to simply test the hypothesis that rounding errors are causing, for example, convergence problems. Unfortunately, in reality it is a lot more complicated than replacing a define or typedef, especially when using external libraries, where some of them are written in e.g. Fortran. The problem is of course, when Earth becomes inhabitable, who gets to decide who can leave this planet? I think it would be best for humanity if we first try to fix capitalism, giving everybody equal opportunities. Does this also work with matrix type of operations? For example solving a linear system? I applaud your enthusiasm, but... seriously? The license is complicated, but fortunately, the current trend for illustrations on the web is 2d. > companies and people would be less aware of their choices and pay more for an inferior product The problem with advertising is that it is a race of who can shout the loudest, and as usual, the man with the most money wins. Unfortunately, advertising is not at all about correctly informing potential customers. Does it also show how much longer the ride was compared to the shortest route? It would be interesting if the government used this data to expand the public transport system where appropriate. Coroutines are essentially a form of cooperative multitasking. I'm not sure we should be using that in this day and age, especially considering that requests are not purely I/O bound in all cases, and could depend on actual computation. Yielding will take CPU time, even when no yielding is necessary. And where to put these yields? In an inner-loop? Should all loops be rewritten to ensure a yield takes place at least every N instructions? Considering all this, I think a better approach would be to optimize the thread scheduler in the kernel, assuming it is as inefficient as you are suggesting. The memory footprint is there only to provide for stack-space. This makes me wonder, how do coros implement stacks? And don't they suffer effectively from the same problem? Another point: what if your code calls a library function for which you don't have control over when it yields? Doesn't the Gödel theorem say that such proof cannot be found for all conceivable systems; but that for any particular system, a proof could in principle be found? It is a sad example of what capitalism eventually leads to. Instead of having "modular" companies which can interface freely with eachother, we end up having a few opaque MegaCorps with an internal economy. Or microkernels. I want a system that can build an API and corresponding UI for any labor of my choice :) > Uber, Palantir, Airbnb, Dropbox, Pinterest, and SpaceX are currently worth just over $100B The reason that most these companies (excluding SpaceX) are "bubbles", is that their value is based on marketing only: anyone could start a next Uber or Airbnb in their basement. Why doesn't uber implement the insurance themselves? They have the statistics, so all they need is a mathematicIan to work it out. The problem is still that even with Dart we have so little choice of languages. What is needed is a way to implement any language of choice on the web, probably through a sandboxed low-level virtual machine that supports threading, and which has no garbage collector (so languages can implement their own if desired). A simple solution that can often work is to store the JSON in a database, assign a number to it, and use that number in the URL instead of the JSON. One could even add a cryptographical checksum (e.g., hash with secret salt) to make it a bit safer. Interesting points. 1. Caching, content-distribution-networks, and possibly shared-libraries could solve or at least ameliorate this. 2. This is relatively easy. The sandboxed code could "open" handles by calling into an API, and the code could "close" them when no longer needed. 3. In many cases, the GC is tied intimately to the semantics of the language, so enforcing a style of GC could be too limiting in terms of performance. Instead, it could be better to implement a GC'ed VM on top of the low-level one. The biggest problem is to get something like this turned into a standard, and accepted in all browsers. Perhaps a viable route is to write the standard of this low-level virtual machine for the web (LLVM/W) on top of ASM.js (and implement threading by emulation), and then wait for general acceptance, and for browser vendors to implement LLVM/W directly. Contrary to popular belief, it is still possible (and in fact very easy) to have memory leaks with a GC. Consider for example this situation: fill a list with a large number of items, and hold on to that list, without ever accessing the items again. In principle, the contents of the list is "unreachable" (since the code never re-visits the items), but the GC isn't aware of this (too difficult to prove) and conservatively assumes that the reference to the list means that the items in it can still be accessed. So, even in Javascript, it is very easy to have memory leaks. The main way to deal with this, is to simply set a limit on the amount of memory a browser-tab can use. This limit can be dynamic, and depend on what other tabs (or processes) are doing, but it doesn't need to be. This is also the current way browsers deal with this problem. Almost, because NaCl is only available on Chrome/Chromium. I guess what we need is something that can be efficiently mapped onto ASM.js (while emulating threads), so that we can transition from the situation where only one browser supports the code to the situation where all browsers support it (and then ASM.js isn't needed anymore). With all those broken email readers, how can one even assume that a gif will animate when the recipient opens the email? Passwords are in themselves not really secure. The problem is that when somebody gets a hold of your password somehow, he can log into your systems indefinitely. And leaking a password is easier than most people think (for example, a keylogger installed on a public machine or even on your own machine physically or through an OS exploit). Hence it is much better to use one-time-passwords. And I guess what we need is a universal method to communicate these passwords to our computers, by means of an external cryptographic device. A good first step could be an infrared cryptographic transceiver built into our keyboards. And a cryptographic device could be built into our smart-watches (finally a good use for them!) Can we use this to extinguish cigarettes too? :) Yes, I'm aware of this. But what this lacks (imho) is the simplicity to keep the whole system reliable and secure. Does it support android as well? Feynman's lectures on physics. Is it possible to at least run the app in a webview then? This is all nice and all, but most applications use multiple paradigms, so why focus on just one of them? It would be nice to see a list of requirements these shelters have to adhere to. It would illustrate how difficult the design space is. I think mostly the industry is to blame here. We could have had a universal secure 2fa ages ago. I hope that with the advent of smart watches, 2fa could become more sexy, and hence could get more attention from the industry. Why not just allow ground control to open the cockpit door remotely? Does it support streaming? You lost me on "object oriented".