Warp engines make a little stable bubble of space and shift what's around it, so onboard time matches galaxy time, and you can jaunt a significant way across the galaxy and still be home in a few years Earth time. Read it again. He's talking about near-zero sleep calls, not one second sleep calls. It works now that I stuck it on a server, but apparently FF3.6.4 drops the data between passes on a file:// url. IE6 and Opera10 hang on to it, nothing else available here. Yeah, this isn't at all the article I was expecting because of that. Consider someone sniffing wifi. I'm worried about eavesdropping much more often than man in the middle, and nontrusted SSL could provide that if browsers would stop freaking out and just go without a padlock. Defaulting to running directly as admin is a settings flaw, not a problem with the underlying security system. On the other hand, the fact that it's inaccurate and weak suggests even more that it's not 'clinical'. Other than that being plain old chemistry, the numbers don't line up. 500 times thinner than a hair is 100+ nanometers, not 1 nanometer. result = case when baz>10 then foo else bar end is a translation of if baz>10: result = self.foo() else: result = self.bar() while result = if baz > 10 foo else bar end is a translation of result = self.foo() if baz>10 else self.bar() It's true that some things have to be changed when translating, but you can't ignore the deliberate structure of the original. Let's say I want to look at how inter-sentence objects work in two languages. I give you the phrase: "Raining cats and dogs. This is what the weather is like." You can't translate it as if it said "It's raining cats and dogs" without losing the basis of comparison entirely. As long as they have the files in plaintext, I prefer the 'ridiculous' method for the speed benefits. If you upload data unencrypted and expect perfect privacy on it you're fooling yourself. Yes, SpiderOak does, but I'm talking about the ones being complained about. Wow, this is more annoying than when a blocked popup in chrome still fully loads and starts playing a video. If you take the rope from 0T to >30T instantly, then you will have all the weights lift up. As long as you keep the rope tense, they will all rise with different accelerations until they hit the top. If you apply tension over time, even very quickly, then the lighter weight will rise first. You don't have to go 'faster than the speed of light' to escape a black hole if you're not affected in the usual manner by gravity. And I'm not aware of any suggestion that gravity itself is affected by gravity. I knew it was a source of its own much smaller gravity, I guess I was wrong about how strongly coupled that is with the original field. Still, that's not itself being 'normally' affected by gravity, and I've never seen anything discuss it. Only the ones that won't switch to a log-performance data structure when it's causing them trouble. I suppose, but with GPLv2 there's nothing more than a technicality in the way, is there? As far as I understand it, the app store agreement prevents you from taking that particular copy of the app and doing free things with it, but nothing truly restrictive. You can still get a copy of the source from the app-maker, and exercise all your normal free software rights. Then again, saying that makes me feel like I'm missing something. Am I? Python only has about 30 keywords, and the English meaning only helps on some of them. Words like 'lambda' or 'raise' are not immediately intuitive. Translations of function names like raw_input are nice, but you can do that no matter what the base language's keywords look like, and I challenge you to find simple symbols for every built in function, like divmod, help, oct, memoryview, unicode, buffer, delattr. Desalination costs well under a penny per gallon. There's no shortage of water if you're willing to pay a small fee. Letting people see each individual device, even firewalled, is a security downside. I need a reference that exposing more information about systems that are nearly guaranteed to have security flaws is bad? I'll give you a simple scenario and then go look for something to make you happy. I have a computer running services A and B and several computers running service B. Service A exposes information about the computer's configuration that helps attack service B, but only if the attacker can figure out which one. Edit: I haven't really been able to find a comparison between firewalling and firewalling+NAT, just comparisons between nothing and NAT. Apparently Minefield is set up to require recent drivers. I was getting nothing on my laptop until I worked out that I had to go to intel's site, run the driver installer, ignore its error message telling me to go to the laptop manufacturer, and manually tell windows to use the driver now in my temp folder. I don't understand why they didn't instead drop the next few leap days. How impatient can you be when cathedrals may take centuries to build? I've had a few break in the sense of wires/chips physically losing a proper connection, but that's a matter of holding it just so while you get your data off. Nothing worse yet. To be more specific about what exactly the Axiom of Choice is: If you have a finite number of sets, you don't need the Axiom of Choice. You can enumerate them and pick out of each. If you have a rule to choose items, like picking the smallest element in a set of natural numbers, you don't need the Axiom of Choice. There is no choice to be made, you just follow the rule. The problems come out when you have an infinite number of sets and you pick items arbitrarily. This is what the Axiom of Choice allows you to do. Infinity is dangerous. It's fine to play devil's advocate, but I would advise against making that depend on a secondary argument that society disagrees with, that being libraries as a negative thing. It depends. If you read the book on the kindle once and then the library has the hard copy forever, then it's equivalent to a full donation on top of reading the book. If you use it as a reference and come back to it often, then you're double dipping. And beyond that there's not even a hint that it's actually adjacent 7 character passwords. It was a question of KoZeN, not about the article. Honestly, it's more annoying for you to specifically not name anything. Email is sent to other accounts . These are tweets on his own account . > why I'm being downvoted Your comment was at first a quick snipe, without any reason expressed in it. If you vote incorrectly, you should either leave it or explain your opinion properly, as you have now done. It looks like you've now been upvoted back. That's obvious, but I don't think that's xentronium's point. It seems to be poking fun at the way the differences in the sexes now and through history that the post calls us to consider can be applied to that line. Something like that. I don't claim it to be particularly well thought out. It's a nice concept, sharing the file directly. Sadly it's not working here past a basic stateful firewall. Is it capable of hole punching at all? I also wonder why it loads the entire file into memory. And a final nit, fixed whitespace on the left and bottom screw up the site in a small window, and it doesn't get working scrollbars either. I like the new one for the most part. Sometimes I would prefer the sizes to be listed under the image, but having the page full of images with minimal whitespace is nice; less clicking to see the results. If the cores aren't at the same speed it can probably happen. Sure! Here's your wrapper that abstracts the concept of processes and never says 'done'. Well, while the legal definition of assault is based on contact in general, I would guess that notahacker is talking about injurious violence, or at least a solid threat of it, as 'real assault'. And probably 'real' in terms of 'sexual' would mean something sexually motivated. That's the problem with categories; a whole range of behaviors end up with the same name, and now we're wasting time with semantics instead of worrying about the rights violation. Doesn't matter, it's indirected away. All you know is that you were done asking it for data. You have a program. It has input and output, and is either running or done. With abstraction, you can have a view of the program that is just a bidirectional data pipe. You give it information, you request information back. At some point you're done talking to it and drop the reference. The entire idea of 'halting' is gone. None of these are search results. The search results are in a list in a strictly defined format. These are guesses at meaning that go above them, just like ads go to the side. http://www.google.com/search?q=2%2B2 No, it doesn't have to be absolute at all. It just has to be shared. And the frame of reference is roughly shared, just not closely enough for 30 years to matter. If I'm doing my math right, the redshift of M100 works out to less than 700 years variation over a 50 million year timespan. Smaller doses over time are safer than a large dose. Time to fix things up. Concentrating the radiation has a negative effect. Edit: Maybe this is incorrect when it comes to cancer risk, but I had the impression it still mattered, with multiple impacts in the same area of DNA causing things to be more likely to permanently break. Unless that is extremely unlikely to happen at all at this level of dose. Still, these machines are probably not particularly harmful. I guess I should have addressed that idea specifically. If you transfer total control to a subprogram that directly looks for halting, you've just moved the problem, you haven't really abstracted it. Apply indirection to anything with unspecified runtime. When you need a result, put a reasonable waiting time on it, and if it doesn't happen assume the source has died and handle it as an error code. I would have thought this had already been tested on antiprotons, but I'm not seeing any references for it. Just a note that results from testing anti-hydrogen for gravity should be had in the next few years. Maybe containing something so charged overwhelms gravity? The problem is that it's a poor reference for storage. It's focused on maximum computation in a certain chunk of matter, which is a massive waste of energy. One of the comments on the blog talks about charging individual electrons at five orders of magnitude less energy, at the cost of much more mass. It might be possible to optimize this down to a lake-sized level of storage mass and boiling energy. http://whatismyip.org/ What? It's in the html in plaintext, and this method takes far more bandwidth. The encryption is block based. Change a bit and you're completely scramble the block, but no more. I look forward to this once it actually works. Right now, when any stacks are collapsed tab order breaks badly. And you can't have more than one uncollapsed. Because everyone is reading cached versions. I'm pretty sure paying for groceries is drastically easier than stealing them, further hurting the comparison. While I don't think making installers more complex is the answer, I disagree with your first paragraph. I pay general attention to what installers do but I don't scrounge around my computer looking for changes. I especially don't go to the menus-deep plugin list unless I want to do something like reset flash. How about "only pass user-sourced data in parameters"? So anything that isn't a parameter is coming from the app, possibly as a response to user data, but not actually from user data. This statement seems just as powerful as the original. Anything misleading about it? Somewhere you can't use parameters and can't simply use app-supplied query pieces? Because input validation is hard to do. A rule to not pass input EVER (outside of parameters), even in a supposedly validated form, is something different. It's not a cause, sure. But I have never heard the word evolution defined to not apply to the process. Do you have a better reference I could read? Q: How does a Windows machine react if ports above 1080 are blocked by a router? A: A regular user can surf for roughly 2min after booting, then has to reboot. Huh? Okay, outgoing ports makes sense. I didn't realize that was the meaning. And with persistent connections I was thinking down the wrong path. I'm sure many of these people are violating copyright to get a copy of the installer, but surely that can't be the main law being broken. Avoiding the specifics of Avast that I don't know, if they can get the installer from the producer, maybe because there's a trial, there can't be a copyright violation when no unauthorized copies are made, can it? So what is the exact law being broken? Something that took me a long time to find out about was going into settings and turning on show dead. Surprising what you can find. They're requiring that now . At the time, they froze the account, allowing money in but no withdrawals. The idea is that the government should be using due process instead of applying unofficial pressure, and better behavior for the businesses would be to insist on that. You don't need to scale up to solve a problem of slow active connections. You just need to use a frontend web server that doesn't allocate a thread/process per connection. Sure, a bit of state, but if you have a server designed to maximize connections you can handle orders of magnitude more than something like apache. Then you reach a point where being able to handle traffic below the absolute network-crushing level isn't very hard to do. Dropbox does keep a cache of recent file versions. So a server-side screwup won't entirely ruin your local files. Still, you're right that more backups are needed to avoid a single failure point. You're not getting very downvoted. And you seem to be missing the point. It's not to compare the value of what's being done; this is clearly nowhere near fighting for rights. It's to compare the damage done to the company. Supplying downloads is an easy-to-supply convenience, and it's a lot simpler to lose a digital file than a physical book. As a minor service comparison I can go to the store and get free adjustments for my glasses forever, but it's still a goods purchase. The sample size has to be large enough for the results to have statistical significance. If something happens in the patient that never happens in comparable cases, and you have piles of information about suitable controls, then you can place a high certainty in the treatment being able to work. You don't have a success rate, but nobody's claiming one. You're not going to get full client crashes without a major bug. Some amount of attack is possible but I've been getting crashes for a couple weeks now and skype should have fixed things. They would? I don't follow. A random number generator only gives you one number at a time. The problem is still 'print X sequence without loops'. No answer has been given here, so there's no meaningful approval to be had. It's not that using a random number generator is a cheat, it's that it is a (pointless?) lateral move rather than a solution. I'd put the odds over 80% that it's just because the VM wasn't fast enough. You then have two options. One is to get a faster machine, the other is to run the VM in slow motion while you save. Obviously the second isn't an option for realtime viewing. To me this seems like a failure of the simplicity of the GPL, but with no easy fix. Apple doesn't want to restrict the program to anyone, they just want to have their distribution process restrictive. If there was a way to proxy the supply of the restriction-free binary and/or source code of the app there wouldn't be a problem. The app submitter or VLC devs or another interested party would step up to host. They want to restrict the syndicated developer. But the program you download is the same open-source app you signed up for. DRM is indeed an issue, but that goes toward the tivoization clause that VLC explicitly did not adopt. Throwing torpig and one of the numbers from the article into a search gets a likely source. http://news.softpedia.com/news/Researchers-Peak-Inside-the-T... Not quite as entertaining, though, without the line "In under 75 summary, thе program wаѕ аblе tο renovate уουr health 40% through dictionary attacks." How do you print multiple terms out of a random number generator without a loop? That's my point. You haven't solved anything, cheat or not. I don't understand the typewriter argument; monospaced fonts put even more space between characters. What's wrong with putting something metal down? It also made it much cheaper and therefore effective. Is speed very important to bullying? You're neglecting the danger caused by starting the raid in an escalated state. Ridiculous analogies aren't helpful. Try something like.. how about standing in front of someone. All day. They can't walk anywhere without pushing past you. Basically harassment and interfering with their day. The damages lie solely in the fact that they aren't able to be productive. Well, that's going into the company to provide you with that in-ground wire. It's in the base cost, not affected by how much data you use, which was the main point. Marginal data is cheap. If I'm google and I block /search I want no company to collect the data. If I'm a site that blocks /dynamic because I want to make sure my stats are accurate, not factoring bots, and I want to keep the load down on slow-generating pages, then I'm perfectly happy with the data being collected. Is it the intent of robots.txt itself to block the clickstream data, or is it just google's intent? More time doesn't mean harder. Wait, they do? I can easily understand thinking it's more harmful, but deadlier ? In what way would someone think it's deadly? Are you just saying the contrast ratio is bad or is there a specific rule of thumb for contrast? The text isn't what I would call 'off-white', it's about a 50% gray. Half of max contrast looks fine on my screen, is it calibrated strangely? How much contrast should there be? And 'sed' is even easier to say than 'perl regex'! 1/30 chance of having the first day off? They have four days too, it should be 4/30 each of the four days, for overall odds of just over half. I ran a quick monte carlo and it said the same thing. When I read someone saying 'many places are fine', that seems to directly imply that most places are not. This isn't a counterargument. Is he actually wrong? He's certainly getting downvoted a lot and I hope it's not just because someone didn't like the wording. And this somehow affects only 12% of searches? Is this a flaw in github? It has this nice compact list of people at the top; there's no way to join it without spamming a comment? Which I would read as server hardware in that instance. Are you talking about the dialog that appears for unsigned drivers , or something I missed? Is that the obvious implication? I've seen pure css used in the context of no images, and I've seen it used in the context of no javascript. Both seem reasonable. They don't want it, they want people to see it. I think it would be quite an accomplishment. Read that again. The copies are given away. It's a perfectly good analogy, and if you want to get really picky it's also accurate on a technical level. An ephemeral copy in memory and TCP is made, given away, and lost. Still, you can have your passwords very securely stored in bcrypt AND mail the plain text out when the account is created. If your email isn't secure that should really be dealt with, and separately. It wraps it around to the beginning of the data area past a reserved MFT zone. It doesn't do it per-file unless it's both very clever and dependent on a certain file system. Last time I checked 2.x truly was outdated, with no way to join an in-progress call without the host ringing you again. And linux still has no upgrade option. Not that any of this excuses the UI downgrade from 4 to 5. I would argue that the term 'sleep with ' implies consent. Even without that it's a wording issue of the goal, not a case of satisficing. Flying the 777 probably is. In addition to MAC address use adding no real security it would get in the way of running Dropbox on a flash drive, which works even if not ideally. What speed does it run at after throttling? It's still far superior to overage charges an order of magnitude over the base price. I suppose 'minus' makes things slightly longer, but is there a way to distinguish between R and r without three extra syllables? Both are likely to come up when chmodding. Don't forget that taking enough money from enough people will kill some of them. So you can decide purely on deaths caused without caring about money amounts, but your numbers will be less accurate. You don't even need a web server to throw a 301 at everything that comes by saying "GET / HTTP/1.1". The clients hold copies of old revisions for three days. That's a healthy margin to find the corruption in case of the dropbox servers failing terribly. The SSD I got from NewEgg had an extended warranty offer. The only time I've ever accepted one. http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16820227... It seems pretty simple to me. The AP owner is acting as a small ISP and should have all relevant protections. Right. They have to take action upon receipt of a notice. And they're not liable for what happens before being notified. The sheer mass of games that depend on steam and the number of companies involved do a lot to ensure that people will act to keep it up far more so than single-game servers. Why is poking holes automatically negative? The linux client is missing a critical feature for me: joining an in-progress audio call. One call I'm in is almost always running, and the host is often not there to add me. I end up running windows skype in a VM when I'm on linux. Which is fine as long as you never go offline or reboot. US and Canada calling became free? As far as I know that only happened for part of 2006. In addition to calling 1-800 numbers being free. Am I missing something? It looks to me like it's making a 'stop', with the hand held up and flat. You can defeat the variable interval by simply checking rarely enough that there is always new mail. Almost no-one is truly addicted to email. The problem is the people that are moderately 'addicted', and they can certainly wait a few hours a couple times to kill the unpredictable reward system. I would imagine that the currently displayed image is rather lax in focus, and that you can't get a great focus unless you can sweep over a range, too far to too short. But there is such a thing as 'too many pixels per mm'. Also, two people can have the same file but only one permission. Well, yes, that's the point of the deduplication. If you already have the same exact file, in its entirety, you can check if it's in the system or not. I wouldn't call it a vulnerability. The only way it could be abused would be tricking someone with the file into calculating very specific hashes and giving them to you. Not really. Let's use for example a 256 bit hash and a 1KB file. That means you have about 2 ^ (1024 * 8 - 256) collisions that are the exact right size. Close enough to infinite for any file that's at least a hundred bytes. The more pressing concern is how hard it is to fake a particular hash. Alternatively they could make the web client only semi-secure in that the server has access to your files until you log out. It's not going to happen unless an attack is discovered on the hash algorithm, and even they they'll need to know the hash of your file. And it's still not going to replace the version you have on your computer; only fresh downloads from dropbox will be wrong. I don't buy that argument. We have about 2^70 bytes in the entire world. To collide accidentally you're going to need to approach 2^128 items in dropbox. That's not 'inevitable'. One of the goals of a good hash is a uniform distribution. The source files don't have to be random at all. I wouldn't put any money on the odds of by accident hitting a systematic flaw that security researchers haven't yet found in analyzing the hash. That said, I think it will be possible to deliberately create a collision in SHA256 at some point in the future. It's perfectly logical to use those functions when comparing them as booleans. But it's confusing that they're being used as booleans at all. They're converted because it will let the types match even though the conversion doesn't make much sense. I don't know. The conversation at the start doesn't have enough context to mean anything by itself, and then the first full paragraph is enough to show that it's fiction. The illusion doesn't last long enough to be useful; all I got out of it was wasteful confusion on the first 30 seconds.. Hardware is about particular values, not the equations. Software tends to be more about a transformational equation, but not in all aspects. You don't need an ACK for every incoming packet. But even if you send that many you're looking at 40-64 bytes out per 1400+ bytes in. Only if it contributes. All you need to do is throw 'why kindle' into a search engine. Or look for a bit into what it is ; the main feature is the e-ink screen, and that is not by coincidence. What do you mean? Ebooks don't get consumed , they don't degrade . And how you sell it is quite obvious. Like you said, the new person possesses it and you no longer possess it . Give them the file and delete any temporary copies you may have. Have you ever sold a CD? Do you rip your CDs? This problem isn't unique to nonphysical goods. Medicaid doesn't cover you unless you are disabled or have children. It's not a very good safety net. The problem is that you said they would execute 'ALL' code, which is not only terribly misleading but technically incorrect. It's a false statement that has no place in a proper discussion. Also I think it's unreasonable to expect a browser without javascript to be significantly safer. Look at all the code-execution exploits in image decoders. Isn't the point of this to start correctly using the minor version numbers again, to get back to a good versioning system? And since it's a different scheme it makes a lot of sense to increment the major version to separate it. While that is an useful idea, I don't see how it applies to something as large as a molecule. Something that size does not coalesce, does not overlap. You can bombard it with light and track its progress indefinitely. It won't have the 'same' electrons at the end of the day but those are no more than the sails on our ship of Theseus. Utility costs going above the block-finding reward doesn't just happen in the flooding scenario, it also happens naturally as we approach 21M. It's already (supposed to be) handled by transaction fees. I don't think you're ever going to see most of the network shut down mining. It was definitely in one of the beta versions. But I thought they removed it after that. I think you misunderstood me. I'll reword. There is more than one scenario where the reward from finding a block is less than the utility cost. This is in fact already guaranteed to happen as block-finding rewards decrease. It's nothing new to bitcoin, and is already expected to be dealt with. So they haven't figured out the price for the firmware-crippled version? I wonder how well the versions will be enforced. How are defects related to entropy? I don't follow. What matters is not being employed to do research when he discovered it. Not what happens later. Backups have a latency that a recycle bin doesn't. When I made something two hours ago this is the worst time to unlink it. There's quite a difference between the majority of traffic and the majority of users. Why does it being different matter? Compilers can do all kinds of things that change answers. When they pretend to be a person and not just a commentor, yes. Have another xkcd http://xkcd.com/632/ Obviously they can't do whatever they want but they can decide if they want to store variables in registers or main memory, they can change the order of a variety of operations, etc. Does C specify order of evaluation with multiplication? If so I wasn't aware of that. But you'll still have some compilers giving you 32 bit precision on intermediate results and some giving you 80 bits. 1. Are you saying that multiplications have a specified order? I asked that but didn't get a response. 2. The compiler is allowed to either leave the float inside the FPU or store it back to main memory after each operation, is it not? These give different results. Somewhere around here I have a chart of the differences in floating point outputs of different GCC versions. And no, fastmath is not on. ...freenet is a distributed anonymous data store. = List your public files to others But it doesn't say public files. They ask for that privilege for all files and then leave it to vaguely worded clarification in the privacy policy. The lede is rather disappointing on this. These lawsuits are for services being breached, not being the author of code that gets breached. Google's precision has been going downhill. Even adding + isn't enough anymore. Try searching for the phrase "everything wrong" in quotes. Google will insist on including "everything's wrong" no matter how many + symbols you sprinkle around. If you exacerbate the problem with [["everything wrong" crossfade]] you get 36 thousand results to bing's accurate 64. Can you elaborate on that? I can't find any point or contribution made by that post if it wasn't an actual question. Well yes, I understand that it was sarcasm. But while looking at it as sarcasm I don't see any point actually being made. The way an infinitely unlikely but theoretically possible event is described is in fact 'probability 0'. Sure, in a specific finite range the chance is a specific positive number, but the overall chance is 0. I think you're being overly picky about wording. Intellect creates intellect ual artifacts, just as a mason puts down mason ry . If such an intellectual artifact happens to be property then it is intellectual property. I don't follow the logic in the examples at all. First, we have a comparison between the assertive McKinnell and the respectful Katen. But there is no mention of 'fairness' to be found. Then we have a study of students that found that ruder people seemed to be more powerful, but I can't figure out how that relates at all to wanting to give more power to less fair people. I'm not going so far as to say the conclusion is wrong, just that this particular article seems to provide no evidence for it. Salts only protect against rainbow tables. If you want to stop brute forcing you need a very slow hash like bcrypt. And you'll still be able to brute force "cat" in under a day. I can tell you that that's the specific device's fault. My phone's capacitive screen works wet or with nitrile gloves. User-Agent: modifying based on this is a Bad Thing Referer, If-Unmodified-Since: these only decide if you respond or don't or error, they don't generally change a successful transfer Accept-Language: I was under the impression that this was buggy and not well-supported, but it is a good example in theory What? If it's the same scenario then the CSR does not and never did have the password, they just have domain control panels. The whole point is that they can't do that. Can you explain why you would leave over that? As long as you are aware of it and use a unique password how does it impact you? They would have to have a very specific and unnoticed breach that gets database and key. Is it worry that they are lax in security elsewhere? Oh. Well why would you ask freejack in particular about that? That's not how their security is set up. But incandescents flicker too, even if they don't dim all the way. Google says that modern CFLs should all have electronic ballasts that first rectify the current and then run at over 10kHz. Maybe you've only experienced cheap ones with shoddy ballast? He's talking about consulting. I would sure hope the person paying him for advice wants his advice. And the idea here is that it's preferable to get a job with someone who will listen to that advice they paid for to reach a reasonable conclusion, which seems like a perfectly good plan to me. It doesn't seem any more negative than 'zealot' to me. Oh yes, some will want a certain type of advice but they still want the consultant to tell them that. But it seems to me that the idea here is that if the best you can do is wait for a chance to do damage control then you should try somewhere else. I can easily see myself bothering with a few seconds of technical effort to get to a sub-par page. That page has the specific thing I happen to want to look at, but that itself doesn't mean it's very good. If quality was all that mattered people would only visit one site, the best one. Very true, but what it this law only applied to very openly sold works? Let's say for sake of argument only ones that had sold a million copies. Once it's put there it's out there and it's really a shame when thrice-transferred IP from a defunct company can't be bought any more. It's as much of a right as telephone access is. In this sort of utility situation they shouldn't be able to cut off a paying customer. The problem isn't comcast's policies themselves, it's the monopoly situation. And that seems like an FCC situation to me. Letting the neighbors know and a sign or two is probably plenty for that. Once you meet the requirement anything extra isn't contributing. What the heck are you ranting about? You got downvoted for making a joke that wasn't very contributive. While the article says that deciding if a crossover cable is needed is still a problem today, in my experience devices figure out what cable they have attached and just work. Anti-cheating lectures aren't similar. The thing that caused problems here was a mass of effort spent going against specific students. Was that also the case with your professors? I think you misread what the problem was. Technically yes but if I'm reading it right that's only because in an outdated chart they hadn't been assigned yet. Unless there's a pattern of disallowing symbols but I'd have to question the motivation behind that. Edit: Nevermind, the rules used to create the chart are designed to disallow symbols. It gives an explanation of the rule but not the reason it was set. These rules identify characters commonly used in mnemonics and often informally described as "language characters". In general, only code points assigned to this category are suitable for use in IDN. It's fine to get excited about strongly relativistic arguments but I don't think they have a place in talking about events at distant celestial objects. The amount of distortion you can have between distances and times is bounded by the amount you let your reference frames differ. Between stars there is not all that much velocity, so time is a relatively stable concept. Sure it'll wander a few percent but nothing nearly as drastic as having no sense of 'now'. Don't forget that when you bring relativistic speeds into the mix you can't agree on distances either . Are you prepared to argue that it's actually one billion light years away? Sure you can. Pick a vector. Any vector. You can create an observer moving at this velocity and it'll give you a different idea of simultaneous from an omniobserver at a different vector. Oh, and before you ask, no there is no 'unmoving' vector. They're all relative to each other with no reference frame. But that sort of problem only comes up when you accelerate. If you maintain a frame of reference then you can handle things far more gracefully. A shared reference frame over two points billions of light years apart can be established. You simply keep the distance between these points roughly constant, which holds the velocity of all points roughly constant, which keeps calculations of simultaneity roughly constant across the whole region. I can then state that in the combined earth/reservoir plusorminus .01c reference frame that the water is already gone. And this is factually true. You still have to wait for information to propagate but everything works out. The timing has no disputes between any members subscribing to this reference frame. Relativity doesn't cause major problems until you deal with matter moving at high relative speeds. P.S. I'm deliberately ignoring the expansion of space in this argument. If these nodes aren't shared between users then you're not really getting anything more than minor obfuscation. If they are shared then you in fact have a third party cloudbank that hopefully is trustworthy and the money cloud aspect is a distraction that doesn't provide any benefits. Are you sure that makes it one-way? Can't you apply the same mapping in reverse to extract received data? In my experience doing anything with constant data flow when you have bad reception can turn battery into heat amazingly quickly. Otherwise it works just fine. I do wish having an idle skype didn't send packets constantly, though. I would find the exact opposite faster. Looking at something I'm used to looking at is easy, and it'll help muscle memory to be persistent. I don't have to decide I want to change, then wait while my hand triggers the popup, then parse the shapes. That's not to say that the popup isn't a good idea, but the only benefit I see is I screen space. It was a side note and not part of the argument. Right, as long as you store it in a format that you choose for compatibility then text will be fine on that front. Even if you don't have a proper ODF reader it's still a zip archive with text files inside. And UTF-8 is easy to decode. The problem as I see it is defending from two possible problems at the same time: having the media fail, and being hacked. Some kind of internet-based storage is great for the former, lousy for the latter. But with a bit of effort you can combine online distributed storage with a closet or two full of hard drives and tapes. I'm not convinced they were intentionally misleading. I was never 'lied' to; I understood what their system delivered. The point is for the cheater to not ask for the name . Even simpler than an overlay, if you figure out how cheater detection works, is to filter the outgoing name request packet. Edit, looking at your other post: Can't the packet editor that's marking people visible send a fake name to the client? I'd change your analogy to make the label 'free rides', as the intent of this was to get a cheap disposable cup of coffee. And rather than selling the car the guy drains most of the gas out of the tank and takes it. So yes, it's an experiment but the guy was violating the stated rules. What makes you consider minecraft pocket edition to be a different game? It looks to me like a straightforward port of the same graphics and mechanics, but I admit I haven't seen any gameplay videos yet. I don't feel particularly entitled to it but it certainly seems like a version of minecraft. In some contexts "version" only applies to release numbers like that, but this is a more general sense of the word. It explicitly includes add-ons and expansions. I think it's reasonable to expect it to apply to everything minecraft, though I personally accept it if their wording was a mistake and only intended to apply to the pc version(s). The article dismisses setting an exception in the same line it's mentioned but it seems to me like a good option. As long as it's a python function then any incidental c calls will quickly return and let it abort, right? The difficulty of stopping a c function is a whole different ballgame. But the point of these calculations is to say what resolution the thing you're looking at needs to have. Which, unless it physically tracks the eyeball somehow, needs to be as crisp as the center of vision throughout. I was baffled by the site for a moment giving me a blank page. Apparently css sets the opacity of the main area to 0 and javascript has to come in to override it. Someone before proposed a deduplication scheme where the hash of a file is used as an encryption key. (and an encrypted database of keys is accessible by the user only) It's not no-knowledge in terms of what files are the same, of course, but it keeps the actual contents safe from prying. If you want to limit to one then ? is simpler. Doesn't that version limit to 1+0-1 -> 1-2 though? But why bother with a complex anchored regex when you can just search for "," in the range header. I tried ZFS dedup but there was something like a 20x slowdown to write files compared to ZFS without dedup, and this was on under ten gigabytes of files. I don't know if I somehow had the cache settings wrong or what the problem was, but I didn't manage to fix it, even trying both FUSE and kernel versions. (On ubuntu 11.4) The tricky part seems to be 'too big to fit into memory'. From what I understood and calculated the dedup tables on my system should have been well under 100MB, and the amount of memory designated for metadata was over 350MB, yet the performance was terrible. I did have compression on. Good to know that in some cases dedup will perform quite well. Was that with an SSD? My best guess is that I either ruined the configuration in some way or dedup and only dedup reacted horribly to being in a virtual machine. While that is a reasonable policy, the statement in question is one of regional culture. Compare "silicon valley startups". I wouldn't call a root exploit inevitable just from user count. In what way is randomness on a GPU hard? The nVidia SDK apparently comes with a few of them, and you can implement an LCG in handful of arithmetic operations. If you need a seed feed it in from the CPU. I don't see the benefit of having a high-cryptographic-quality RNG for rendering. But 7 set the low priority time down to 0 seconds default. It's pretty hard to screw up copying a string from one place to another without modification, at least when it comes to encodings without null bytes. Some programs manage it somehow, though. I don't see much use in redefining the word 'thing' into oblivion. An electron is a thing. Start with that to build your definition. If you think 'thing' has strange and wondrous properties then get to that separately. The pre-1.8 release less than a week ago had an obvious and crippling bug. An experience system was added, and when you died you dropped your experience. But instead of doing so as a single object, it made thousands of objects each holding one single XP point. This made the game completely unplayable if you were in the same area, and even crippled multiplayer servers for people not in the area. Also, while that is the most recent glaring bug, in the past there have been multiple occasions where a release broke trees so that the leaves didn't decay after the trunk was removed. Punching down a tree is something you do in the first 30 seconds of a normal minecraft game. Something has gone wrong with your rendering. The text is supposed to be on a white background. #555555 text looks just fine like that. Edit: It may have been a server error but only to some people? It's unclear from the comments on the site. Sure, but if you ignore the trickle of new coins you have to get those 100 from someone else, and that requires burning significant amounts of bitcoin days. Did they? I thought they just checked bits and pieces of the file at random. They don't accept "the name most people know you by" either unless you're special enough. Look at Skud. http://infotrope.net/2011/07/22/ive-been-suspended-from-goog... It's the job of the operating system to control what applications have access to. The firmware does not need to override anything. The OS should either implement a phone component or delegate to a phone app that has been configured to have phone permission. Binary blob completley-isolated firmware is possible and simple to implement. It's also safe. Of course, when it comes to official signs. But this seems to be intended to be stuck up next to 'no photography' signs to counteract them. I kind of want one of those shirts. They have to defend the trademark itself, yes. But not things that aren't all that similar. They changed a significant charge from CPU time to wall time. And they did this with an execution model of only giving a single request at a time to a process. So a process taking half a second to make a query or poll a url is suddenly getting a massive price hike. Edit: on the other hand a fresh search is suggesting that python 2.7 and with it concurrent requests are coming in a couple months It's not even a solution to that problem. If you're willing to compile your icons into a single file you can spend half the effort on a sprite sheet, which is also one request. Such write patterns can be avoided by buffering writes by only a few milliseconds if you're clever. It's not like this isn't a long-known problem. If you just want to make the blinking light on the drive accurately show when it's safe to unplug you can easily delay writes for at least a quarter of a second. I haven't seen a USB stick that was slower than 2-6 megabytes per second on large-file transfers. Dropping an order of magnitude of speed on smaller files is entirely windows' fault. I am aware of the distinction windows makes there. But it's artificial to make such a thing binary. If it cached but only for a fraction of a second, with queue reordering to speed things up, it would still be safe to unplug right after a copy completes. But the fact that python does this is a flaw. There would be no problems if it forced you to use the same spacing characters in a block instead of just the same spacing count. For example. if foo: [tab]bar #valid if foo: bar #valid if foo: if baz: bar #valid if foo: if baz: [tab]bar #invalid Your four spaces disappeared but it wasn't a DEDENT. if foo: if baz: [tab]bar #This can be valid, I guess. Doesn't harm anyone. Once you don't allow people to interchange tabs and spaces it's perfectly safe to set tab width to any amount. What I'm saying is that you make it so as soon as the light stops blinking it's safe to remove. That means that you can have a cache as long as you flush it almost immediately. I've been bitten a couple times before by pulling drives on linux that weren't being written to, but still had a cache waiting to be written. I learned my lesson about not dismounting on an OS configuration where it isn't safe, but disabling caches is not the only way to be safe. It might take 10 seconds to flush the cache. That's okay. The key is that you never go more than a quarter second without writing to the disk until the cache is empty. Still, screen resolution is one of the most important details. Up there with battery life. "ubuntu" tells me the location of the countdown and not much more. It doesn't tell me what is going to happen in this new release, why they're making a fuss, why I should care. New versions? Good, I like those. But I expect those. An on-schedule biannual release is not worth an actual fuss, even if it's only a week away. This site is a big dollop of hype. Should I expect anything to back it up? It's cute of you to link that as if it gives a reason for the hype. Just the same list of incremental package updates. Oh, also multiarch is architected better, a nonvisible change to the backend. Or are you actually answering 'no' and I'm too dense to pick it up? While it makes sense to use a resolution-independent scaling, keep in mind that mobile should have a smaller font size in inches than a full screen, akin to the font size in a book. I certainly don't use my phone with arm outstretched. Whoa, whoa. Putting the state from the closure in the url is not the same as putting the closure in the url. Sign or sanity check, whichever you prefer. Personally in a simple interface like this site I'd rather sanity check the few simple parameters. I'm actually worried the girl's going to shoot herself in the leg. void foo(void) { int a = 41; a = a++; printf("%d\n", a); } She says 'a gets an undefined value' but that's not true at all. There are compilers that will look at that undefined function and omit the entire body, including the print. It is extremely important to understand that undefined behavior can and will break everything , even if it appears to be behaving whenever you look. I'm not sure what your argument is. Yes if you want to trust it you have to sign it and make sure you implement all the crypto correctly. But I don't see a need for that here. Also TCP's checksum sucks. And at a little startup. I can't say much about the service; I wouldn't use it having little email use. But the site itself is broken and severely overlapping for me, even when zoomed out. (mobile opera) Setting aside that this is a brute force attack on the hash rather than the key, only made possible because of dropped bits, the method here doesn't apply. It depends on there being no initial salt. All further iterations of sha1 can be salt free and still safe from this attack since you are not able to feed an arbitrary string into the key function. Edit: Thinking about it I should be more specific, especially since I got confused myself for a moment. The key is that you don't salt the same way at each step. So a unique salt per iteration is great, salting the first iteration is fine, salting zero or all iterations with a particular salt ruins you. I see no need to restrict linking. Let's take a closer look at the child porn example here. This person has links. How did they get them? If they verified the links then right there you have direct illegal behavior. Even if they didn't visit themselves, if they know who is hosting child pornography then they are expected to report it. On the other hand, if they are some kind of impartial link aggregator being fed by third parties then I don't see a problem. Go after actual promoters. Google still interprets your words to an extent. The standby test search I use, [["everything wrong" crossfade]], still mutates [[everything]] into [[everything's]]. If they verified the links then go after them for the much nastier charge of downloading child porn. While it's possible to make a directory that encourages illegal behavior, it's also possible to make a directory that sits idly by as a repository of factual information. Yes, the court should check for direct encouragement of illegal behavior. But I'm not comfortable letting the motivation in creating the site matter very much because it is so difficult to prove one way or the other. Yeah, I wish the test text was posted to try. A custom dict that adds unicode characters on demand would have such a nice simple implementation that it was my first thought when looking at the problem. A couple lines in the class and then only one to call. "".join([REPLACEMENTS[c] for c in s]) Does "brogrammer" mean male programmer? No. Explain. I can't find any definition of "brogrammer" that isn't a portmanteau of "bro" and "programmer". And "bro" is not a gender-specific term any more than "milkman". Being a "bro" is an attitude thing. The term is stupid, the ad is stupid, but it's not sexist. 1. Programmer who...frat boy...calling everybody "bro" 2. A programmer who looks like, acts like, or is a bro. 3. A popular, cool, or otherwise normal person who has become intrigued by the fun of programming. 4. a bro who somehow learned to program All of these seem to agree with what I said about it being bro + programmer and not itself about gender. Ignoring the inherent immaturity: As a term of camaraderie I would consider it. The main problem with it is that it looks like it could be "sissy". I don't know what to say about urban dictionary. There seem to be at least three distinct insulting stereotypes in addition to the definition that's close to 'buddy'. You can limit it to only checking X hashes per second. The attacker can, under heavy load, figure out how many people are trying to log in, but that doesn't help them figure out any passwords. Also, there is no reason to implement an extensive backlog in the first place. It's far better for a system at 105% load to drop one in ten attempts than to have an infinitely growing queue. The negative feedback is because you called the story nonsense. The story is about the TOS. See what? I can't find what you're referring to. Latest chrome on windows 7 here doesn't. That's a great alternative to the headline you fixated on. But the article is actually about the history of maple syrup, so I think you missed the point. I don't think I would call O(n) of the amount of allocated data 'pathological'. Nor would I agree that completely incremental collectors being rare proves anything about what is possible. I would say that it's simply developers preferring a runtime that's a small linear multiple faster but has occasional pauses. For one, you're being needlessly insulting. And come on, get used to headlines. If it asks a question that can be answered in a sentence or two and yet there is a full article attached you shouldn't get confused. It's not bait-and-switch; the entire article is about the syrup. Anecdotal evidence is perfectly fine to say 'usually' here. I actually think you're missing the point here. While it is true that an infinite number of strings correspond with each md5 hash, the question was about trying to actually find a match. With a suitably large hash, say 256 bits, it becomes physically impossible to even count that high, let alone compute that many test hashes. A problem that is too large to evaluate is effectively infinite. (Yes, md5 is 128 bits and might be possible if an entire country dedicated itself to the effort. Or an attack on its flaws could be used. But both these points are tangential to themouth's use of infinite.) It's tricky to figure out the damage, yes, but I think an award of sales times normal royalties would be fair here. If the RIAA went for the number of whole copies distributed times normal sale price times three in their lawsuits I wouldn't find them to be a terrible organization. No, the model doesn't work. If the RIAA gets their huge multiple from one person they aren't going to consider downloads later in the sequence as covered. They would gladly go after a torrent swarm and charge each member based on the total number of copies. If they only went after the initial seeder, I could understand. But that's completely counterfactual. Well, under certain circumstances you can swap to a compressed ramdisk. There are ways that that can be helpful. As far as I can tell either your point is a circular argument or it's an English-language nomenclature complaint fixable by s/exception/fooglewoo/. Either way it doesn't address the real argument, about where it is appropriate to use try and catch. What is inherently better about multiple return values at every level, compared to semi-centralized catch blocks? It was pointed out later in the thread that it should have been 'undefined' rather than 'null'. But using that school of thought to support that school of thought isn't an argument, it's a circle. PaulHoule is explaining why he likes a specific mechanism compared to another, and you are only replying with the previously-established fact that there exists a disagreement here, not a counterargument. I don't know, I think specs still work fine for cameras. Not the megapixel number but the resolution of what it actually picks up. Also noise levels and shutter speed. It's still stemming for me. I'm using my normal pathological search of [["everything wrong" crossfade]]. Verbatim mode roughly cuts the number of results in half but keeps giving me pages that only have the phrase [[everything's wrong]] and not the phrase [[everything wrong]]. But that patent's going to be expired by the time these batteries are ready. Nextek Power Systems, for example, has developed a system for delivering power via DC to lights and motion sensors through a building’s metal frame, instead of through wires. How.. what? A frame can provide one side of a circuit, but it can't provide both. The FAQ on their site talks about wire gauge and length. What is this line talking about? I think it would be simpler to regulate ridiculous overdraft fees. Plenty of banks do just fine without charging them. There's no healthy reason for a bank to charge a very large overdraft fee or to charge an overdraft fee more often than once a month. That counters different articles on the same topic, not the telegraph article. Nowhere did the telegraph article say that water itself was called bad, just that the dehydration statement could not be made. Also part of that article is logically unsound in the opposite direction. A significant amount of water is well more than a measuring cup full. Eating a pork pie does help prevent starvation, how could you disagree? It's a nitpick to complain that water only helps hypertonic and isotonic dehydration, the most common kinds . Edit: just read the linked pdf and t-winsnes's comment. I'm astounded that none on the articles reporting on this, especially the guardian article specifically written to debunk the drama, noticed that this is a rejection of the statement as a disease claim. Dehydration not counting as a disease means labels don't need approval under this regulation. Edit 2: huh, a downvote. I don't mind it but would you kindly give me a sentence why, whoever voted so? I'm not sure what I've done wrong. I don't know what the problem with that would be. I would love to at least try out a Watson search engine. As is the pizza I had last week. That's not a good definition. Being unique is not by itself enough to qualify something as art, and signing a urinal has no other merit. That just brings us back to jey's comment. If everything counts as art then the term 'art' has been stripped of meaning and now we need a new term for what used to be called 'art'. It's a waste of time. There is a world of difference between claiming that something fits the common definition of art and claiming that we need to use an extremely expansive definition of art. I thought the argument here was about the former. If it's about the later then I'll not fight; I'll just note that we're not even discussing the piece and bow out. Because when people say that something is art, there is an implied "vs. not art". Otherwise it's a misleading tautology. Ex. Grey is a color but that doesn't make it a color tv. You're having a hard time finding the conspiracy theory because there isn't one. bediger simply called the government arrogant, along with worries that people are making decisions without enough info. Now if only verbatim search entirely worked. On a search of [["everything wrong" crossfade]] verbatim cuts the number of results somewhat but they're still mostly bogus results that only contain the phrase "everything's wrong". Standards compete on many levels on a give-and-take basis and have very strong incentives to have a minimal amount of complexity. Text editors don't suffer from that set of requirements. This hypothetical editor does everything the others do, cleanly. Almost everyone will agree that it's better. To my eyes the only real problem is that creating the program itself is infeasible. I wish it would explain how the accuracy numbers work. I could say 'no' to every car and get pretty good naive accuracy, so that's clearly not the method they're using to give the old models scores of only 15-20%. Nobody ever accused carrier IQ of hacking the software onto the phones all by themselves. Tracking all URLs is half as bad as tracking keys. And forgive me if I don't find claims that it doesn't record the keystroke data that it's sent anyway in a customizable app very reassuring. logging anything beyond data quantities is most certainly not part of the function of a well-behaved ISP. People buying from an insistent salesmen they can't walk away from is not necessarily a sign of demand. I'm sure there is some demand, but I strongly doubt it accounts for 100% of his business. Works really well as long as you don't have an armv5 processor that's unsupported because it can't automatically fix alignment mistakes. There's already a flag to preserve /, but that won't help you with /*. So how long would it be if you used a better python interpreter with tail calls? Why? It is the name of the language. The term is 'canon'. Nobody tries to force something like that on you, they simply point out (un)healthy aspects and leave you to you own decisions. It's not very complicated. Software rendering means that it's handled detail by detail by software on a general-purpose computation device. Hardware rendering means that the software instead initiates complex actions on swaths of the screen at a time by triggering highly-specialized hardware. One method is orders of magnitude faster than the other, but limited in scope. It's a fool's errand to try to conflate them. It might be default in some distros but there is no reason not to put it in an alias. The point is that it's already there and you don't have to modify your rm binary. And how can you detect /* if the shell expands it? *32-bit only But what about many to many relations? How do those map to nosql? That's not an inherent flaw in the idea, though, just in RSA's implementation. There's no real need for the servers to hold on to private device-specific data. >In this case, this person obviously doesn't get it. "Why? These are my customers!" You seem to be confusing different things. After being unable to use donations, they tried to use sales. And paypal said no. That's the context of what you're quoting, after donations had been given up on. But that example goes well beyond meaningless buzzword boasting into flat-out lying. This is a bit of a different problem and it's a lot easier to fact check factual statements, with or without domain knowledge. As quoted on the article, the segmentation technique it uses is only available on x86. Bringing up conflicting evidence in a scientific discussion is denial? I don't read that as declaring the other side completely wrong. That study was for people a little bit overweight, while the apparent delusion of parents extends into the very overweight. Even the phrasing of "aren't the only ones with distorted perceptions" suggests that both sides have their failures. Odd, I can't remember seeing any ads on megavideo. I haven't been there in a while but at that point it had a solid ux until it cut you off at 70 minutes to make you wait or pay. I find setting up a bot to scan for keywords and submitting legal documents under penalty of perjury without checking its output, even when notified of its mistakes, to be pretty odious. Well, I can give you a different take on the same idea. http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-033 comex said less than '0'. 33 minus 48 is negative. The way to put the problem of surprise into logic is more like "On one day next week there will be an exam. It will not be possible to logically determine which day the exam is on." It's a very interesting story, you just have to preserve the core of the problem. Well at the start of the argument they're not trying to determine the day it is on, but rather trying to find one day that it is not on. Not when the teacher is deliberately invoking paradox. Good question. 'with .gitignore' is not a complex or interesting answer, even if they go on a tangent about alternatives. Playing through is not difficult enough to be flow. The article has valid advice but it's nothing new and the title is wrong. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f6/Challenge... Keep in mind that for some reason they default-disabled the telnet client on Vista and later. If you have an armv7 chip, sure. But apparently nobody is motivated to fix the alignment bugs and make it work on older chips. Lua compiles to a simple bytecode. It makes sure gotos are valid during this compilation. It jumps directly to the label, and can't skip forward over the declarations of variables that are in scope at the label. I would suggest reading The Implementation of Lua 5.0 http://www.lua.org/doc/jucs05.pdf I don't get it, are you misunderstanding intentionally so you can smugly accuse people of magical thinking? The 'theory' is that closing all the apps is a no-op. It doesn't matter that most of the article is correct, that everything it describes about mechanisms is accurate. The thesis is not properly supported by the facts. ghshephard is not some fool performing rituals to cleanse his phone. The milk has gone bad but all the other food is useless suspended junk anyway, so it's simple to throw it all out. Yes it's overkill but it works. Don't make the mistake of thinking that because someone is acting in overkill that they believe overkill is the only valid path. It may just be the simplest. While that's true I don't think this is a real test case. There is a good bit of difference between a performed audiovisual show and a collection of music tracks. The n-grandparent was not trying to discredit the facts of the article. He was discrediting the thesis that it is useless to close all applications. The facts of the article were correct. The thesis of the article was not correct. The facts listed in the article said that some applications are able to run in the background. Some application is causing battery loss. Not 'all of them', like people who are actually mistaken think, but some , like people who know the facts think. I don't know how to explain it in a clearer way. The n-grandparent is not a cargo-culted ignorant who thinks there is a need to kill all the apps. He has one or two apps that are abusing background permission, but doesn't know which one or two. There is no 'anecdotal misunderstanding'. You yourself agreed that the concept of a broken background app can coexist with the facts of the article. But you are conflating the thesis , the theory , with the facts . They are not one and the same. Insulting the thesis is not an attempt at discrediting the actual facts . I apologize for ranting but redundancy can sometimes help make a point clear. Google often rapidly removes cache links for dead pages even though they're still indexed. Sometimes it takes weeks, sometimes it takes minutes. Some of the comments on there make a good argument for the idea. Interesting. It's pretty simple. There are three categories. 1. plain-text or plain-text equivalent: you can access the original passwords in microseconds 2. lousy hashing: you can't tell what the password is immediately but it's computationally feasible to figure it out 3. good hashing: you can't figure out the password The only time you ever need to distinguish plaintext from plaintext-equivalent is when you have a partial data breach. Good hashing is safe even under a full data breach. Is this a common ESL problem? It's based on audible similarity but I would expect non-native speakers to be exposed to comparatively more text than audio. The authentication is based on encrypting said hash, so I would say that md5-based is good enough as a description. But google does that all the time with adsense. Ephemeral voting noise is not going down the tubes. That is a terrible definition of exploitation. You're saying that even a single dollar of profit qualifies. How are you even defining value? What if I like bananas more than shirts and you the opposite? Do we somehow exploit each other when we trade? You don't really have to 'handle' simple fields with Unicode, just copy and paste what you were given. Cost to produce is along the lines of what I expected you to answer, but I don't understand. Am I not to collect a wage as the runner of the business even if I'm not doing production work? Or is that in fact included in the 'cost to produce' and then you have to figure out a wage with no logical reference frame? And how is a business going to get the capital to start if it can't take in money to pay interest? If that would be allowed you're dangerously close to capitalism. Also I disagree that your idea is in fact anti-capitalist. Paying people based on the value they provide in exchange would favor giving successful wall-street fund managers hundreds of millions of dollars which seems supremely capitalist. (the business itself being exploitative to externals doesn't really matter here) Selected how? The house/senate split in the us gives more vote to people in less populated areas and it's generally considered an okay idea. I'm talking about the guy in the back that tracks all the bananas and schedules the deliveries and orders the equipment and all the other logistics on this banana team. Does he not get paid? Or does this job not exist somehow? Creating a banana farm takes money. Who is going to do it? If there are no profits then nobody that focuses on money will bother, and nobody that focuses on rewarding labor can get a loan either. And fine, if you won't ignore the nonexistence of fund managers long enough to answer a question about principles I'll try a different tack. If I invent a banana picker that saves ten million dollars am I entitled to ten million dollars? Value in, value out. Don't worry, I'm not rankled. So you're saying there isn't private ownership of any objects but there is private ownership of money? That's not something I had realized about your scenario and if I've got it right I find it strange. Or do people not get paid in private money and I don't understand your original point about pay whatsoever. And yes that scenario I was making is deliberately about an exploitative capitalist. Yes, profits lead to both good and bad. Taxes are public and known up front. If you don't pay them you don't risk physical harm. Also you generally pay taxes on income and salaries, you don't have to pay just to be there. Easy, I'll quote the end of the article. The company's approach to computing, known as adiabatic quantum computing, has been heavily criticised. Various physicists have said that the theory behind the machine is flawed and that the company has shown little evidence of the kind of improvement expected over classical computers. It's still waiting for someone to die. I think a flat term in all cases is best, still living or not. It seems to me that leap minutes would perform no worse and cause a lot less pain from rarity. I'll pick mild bugs once a century over milder bugs every couple years. I will accept looking at the filename in some cases but never at the file contents. I don't see how that can be if they're doing it with all comments. While this may be a 'debug' feature it sounds useful for when a fullscreen app locks up. If not these key combinations, what are you intended to do in such a situation? Multiply is the key on the numpad that only does *. People are bad about rumors, but there's still no reason to try to block anonymous commenting. If someone wants to make themselves anonymous for a single post, they will, barring blatant mistakes. We should not expect server logs to let us snoop around a comment made with exactly zero reputation or trustworthiness. I was expecting some kind of food/drink but I definitely didn't expect normal food but done in a time-saving way. 'Rocket' fuel strongly implies it's giving an exceptional energy boost. Dropbox has builtin 30 day history for everyone, through the web interface. You're saying they keep track of things indefinitely (when you haven't purchased that addon)? Do you have a citation for that? Dropbox could definitely tell the client that all the files are gone, but in that case you have a three-day local backup in the .dropbox.cache folder. This has all the files in flat storage, and there exist scripts to put them back at their original paths. Dropbox is probably not capable of triggering an actual immediate deletion of anything, unless they left some kind of backdoor. But any app could theoretically have a backdoor. I'm curious now; how could a citation in a book be illegal? So once a month something gets past the antivirus. How often does the antivirus block (not notice something that wouldn't work on your system, block) malware? I understand that for your work you need to find everything, but that doesn't answer how many would work on your nice patched computer. I don't see why they need to be a state any more than Washington D.C. does. Only if they have a sufficiently flexible bandwidth contract. Can we please have people stop assuming that the password is recoverable just because it's put in an email when it's set. I did pretty well on the SAT and as far as I'm concerned studying for it is a giant waste of time. Go out and learn something. Don't prep for a single test. Claiming lack of opinion in performing an action is nothing but a cop-out. You don't have to position it onto the button. The button extends all the way to the corner. So it's a flick followed by a click. A flick alone will trigger the menu accidentally pretty often, and a flick followed by a hover is slower than a flick followed by a click. I trust a verbal number exchange far more than a verbal email/id exchange. How do you spell that no wait did you say M is that upper or lower case how do I type an underscore into this thing oh the word underscore was that .net or .biz too late I typed .com automatically. The places I've seen that give automatic email addresses have used a formula like first initial, last name, autoincrementing number. I think this is a pretty good system, but if you go worldwide you're going to get nice big numbers - entering name and number almost exactly like you do already. But if you misspell something based on a verbal communication it breaks harder. I don't think that's a very good argument. Okay, so let's say we used to think it took intelligence to recognize voice/face. Then we figured out a way to do it! Oh man, intelligence, right? Well, no. We realized that you can stick the voice through a spectrograph and measure the peaks, that's certainly not intelligence. And that you can detect the edges of bits of faces pretty easily and then compare various ratios for similarity. That's clever on the part of the algorithm designers but nothing intellect-related. I've never heard anyone say that music requires intelligence. Creativity maybe. But I can make a very simple program that has a bunch of hard-coded music patterns that it picks from and nests randomly. It can 'creatively' output trillions of different songs and clearly has nothing even approaching intelligence. Intelligence is not about what an algorithm can mechanically do. It's about comprehensive world-modeling that can predict and communicate with other agents. If something can be coded in a month by a grad student to run on an 8086 then I feel comfortable saying it's not AI. Edit: added the word mechanically to be clearer There seems to be a miscommunication here. I don't think people are doing anything particularly clever with regards to facial recognition. I think intelligence is based on complex, abstract, general reasoning. Physical object recognition is a useful input filter but not evidence of intellect. It's not knowing the algorithm at all. I'm just pretty sure that the algorithm for intelligence is more complex/further from our knowledge than a contemporary grad student could do. I'd love to be proven wrong by a PhD thesis with attached AI. No, there's a different device that produces power and this is its inverse. The article is not worded very clearly. Nobody is excusing the abuse of children. The only thing being petitioned for the title of 'okay' is image linking. But there are definite flaws in the plan, especially when it comes to the rights of the victims. Were the photos taken for that purpose? I find the idea repulsive that inappropriate and deviant collection could change the legality of the photos. You make no distinction between actively hurting children and copying photos of someone else hurting a child in the past? Captions don't change the contents of an image, no matter how terrible they are. I'm sure the have copies laying around if it's only a TB. But I'm sure google's goal was to shut down a service to cut costs and complexity. And then you get no favicon for media urls? It could theoretically give access to contacts via a contact-chooser button without ever letting the app get to the list. Much like you can upload a file on a desktop browser without letting the site see your list of files. Shape the future of the product? This is the first time I've heard of that and I was an alpha customer. I bought it because I wanted to play it. In its current form. Allow me to explain the joke. The legal definition of obscenity requires that a work is meant to be arousing and has patently offensive sexual conduct, in addition to having no redeeming artistic value. Therefore, adding sex into something offensive makes it more obscene. And now I know why a supposedly barely scented spray leaves such a perfumed stink when I use enough to remove real odors. Well it's kind of like dropbox for ruby gems. I don't know why you would equate ruby gems with 'hackers' unless you really like people to be disoriented. I see the bug but I don't see the exploitation. You have to be in charge of the DNS zone, right? The best use I can think of here is having a subdomain that only shows up on a certain DNS server but you could do that by having your authoritative DNS server return different results to different IPs. But opendns is one of the servers that gives you bogus results instead of NXDOMAIN. There may be a DOM but that doesn't mean there's HTML. The only way to get HTML is to use an inspector to convert the DOM. Real does not imply convincing, sadly. And it would be trivially impossible to memorize. Their own keyboard may be dirty but it's not transmitting any diseases. I like and agree with the comparison of links to citations. And you cite credible sources that bring factual weight to your text, not third party news sites that aren't verified. Dropbox can do what icloud does. Make one folder per app and hide file extensions in your os. I think the two services are very alike, the only real difference in which platforms are supported with full sync. Dropbox chooses desktops, icloud anything apple. While the conflict resolution is a nice thing, the burden of implementation lies almost entirely on the app developer, not icloud. The same code could easily trigger whenever Dropbox replaces the open file or adds a renamed conflicted version. Followed by a misleading explanation that suggests turning ALL your gotos into ifs. You don't get banned for lack of talent; you get banned for lack of contribution in your posts. If only that had gone on for more than a sentence, especially with asking permission to talk about the situation. Frownie said error-free compilation, not error-free in all possible aspects. A big problem, though, is the severe and opaque nature of the throttle. From what I've heard ATT throttling can cripple the connection even for email. On the other hand I was barely annoyed when my carrier put in a throttle after a couple gigabytes because the speed is still a quarter megabit. Vista added a bunch of areas that prompt for admin for no reason, and to get in as a limited user is definitely more painful. Note that there is no security need for admin here, just a dumb prompt that you can't second-guess. I'm confused. I'm looking around at a few accounts and I see a LOT of them starting with @whatever where I do not follow the other person. Is this a setting somewhere? Did I completely misunderstand? And they show up whether or not I am logged in, whether or not I am following the person using @whatever. Are you sure this tweet-hiding applies when not using the Reply button? Oh. Thank you. The first thing that comes to mind is running regedit. Despite the elaborate ACL system in the registry windows won't run it without admin rights. You can still use any other program including reg.exe to access the registry, but not the convenient one. Did you read 'across' as 'outside' or something? But a lot if it is really close too. Using more words to say the same thing isn't necessarily being 'meaningful'. Especially when it's just to prevent a misunderstanding of intent. Intent is not nearly as important as the point being made. There is a big difference between using someone's photo without their permission in the work you are creating versus publicly bookmarking their photo. And you can do either of those methods via deep-linking or copying. Even if use A doesn't copy it's still wrong. But I don't think many people will argue that use B is wrong if it doesn't copy. On the one hand, yes in technical terms it is republishing. On the other hand, they could deep-link the photo. The intent is to cache the photo. Pinterest could disable caching and still work. But a standard hollywood movie is not already available online to be linked to. If you upload it you become primary hosting, not a caching layer. Don't be ridiculous. There is an employer/employee contract about getting paid what you were promised . Has nothing to do with what you did. They could have had you do absolutely nothing but sit in a chair and wait for a week because there was no job to do and you still get paid . But if you shovel a walkway the adjacent store gets to use it without paying a dime. It would have been fine if they had rounded it slightly more to 1 foot. If you don't know how long a foot is, well it's about as long as your foot. But nobody at all promised to purchase the album. That's the difference. An employer agreed upfront to purchase your work. I could promise you a cut of just about any action, and you wouldn't ipso facto be morally owed people performing that action. What matters is not what an industry thinks, but what is best for society. I personally think a couple decades of copyright is a good thing but it does not equate to employment. Microsoft doesn't have a monopoly over operating systems in general, and google doesn't have a monopoly over search. But I think microsoft does have a monopoly when it comes to running most of the programs that a business already has. You can more or less replace unix with unix but you can't replace microsoft with anything and expect existing systems to still work. Hopefully reactos will reach this point but it's not there yet. oakgrove, you appear to be hellbanned. copying your useful comment: In the context of the situation it doesn't matter. This person is a member of parliament who's time presumably is valuable and shouldn't be wasted listening to propaganda. Furthermore the person also said that the meeting was purported to be about one thing and when he went in to listen discovered that it was actually about something completely else. So they were dishonest in getting him to listen in the first place. I don't want a member of the government being duped into listening to anything via dishonest means and then sitting around thinking "Well they lied to me to get me in here but maybe they have some good points." If anything it's a shame the organizers of the event can't be brought up on charges. Criminal lying with the intent to deceive or something. /s No matter the reason, reading the entire book is a fair endorsement of prominent twilight placement in the bookstore. It doesn't matter if you hate it, you wanted to read it. But picking it up, looking at the description in the back jacket, and putting it back down is most definitely not. Going to a site for 10 seconds is not an endorsement. What? It's not a request to commit a crime, it's a check of the strength of their belief in privacy. There's nothing wrong with the action you're asking them to do. I don't follow. You can do whatever you like with gifted items too. Yes, but the point of the top-level comment was the analogy being a poor fit. Only harryh's comment is mentioning that link, so I don't know why you didn't address that point in a reply. But I think your disagreement is misaimed. I don't see that comment as implying a correlation between aggression and employee rewards. Rather it's saying that all companies eventually aggress with patents, and because of this you can never use claims to the contrary as moral justification for your patent bonus. How? The way I see it it just makes things more extreme because you type orders of magnitude more in a ten minute comment than in ten minutes of coding. This is certainly going to turn out in an interesting way. So far, the main thing being questioned is apparently the people he met, and while that is important to his integrity, it doesn't affect the story of the factory workers. I'm going to listen very intently to this episode. Is he telling what could be true, or is he the worst kind of liar, manufacturing controversy? This server is just the connection to the bitcoin network, not the calculation point. Why are you bringing up the creepy comments attached to the images? Those thumbnails seem to be of clothed children not engaged in explicitly sexual behavior. Cropping and making inappropriate lewd comments is exploitative but it's not pornographic. I believe that the intentions of the subject and photographer matter. I do not believe that the intent of any distributor matters. A photograph is a moment of time set in stone, and cannot be changed by appendices. An ssd is a good idea but you have to be careful you get one that actually saves power. Some of them are surprisingly greedy. A site like this doesn't need a cache, though. Wow, I sure screwed up communicating because you have my point exactly backwards. 1. I think it's bad and I'm not 'fine with it'. BUT 2. I think it's not an 'image of a rapist' because context can't change an image. Okay, so this is a javascript file apple uses to substitute high-resolution images on retina devices. I think. Why isn't this labeled at all? Also there's a unicode snowman for some reason. I seriously doubt them shooting at power lines. Not really. Major changes don't come by all that often, only every year or three. It's a really bad idea to buy a pre-ICS phone while ICS is coming out, but once you jump that hurdle everything is going to be incremental and minor for several months. Some people might have downvoted based on the DMV example apparently being wrong. Factual inaccuracy can be a good reason to downvote. Or the title. Tricking people? They promised and delivered faster downloads. 'Girls' has a very different meaning from 'a girl'. I think you missed this line. > "yes" is guaranteed to eventually be returned after some bounded period of non-partition The problem isn't really the term "eventual coincistency" but rather neglecting to define "sufficient time", which needs to be done case-by-case. Something like "ram size divided by the slowest connection between servers, plus 40% margin". That gives you a useful and predictable model that even handles partitions (treat as speed 0). I don't understand why people say this. At any given minute, aren't 1/n caches about to expire? So a few people will be hit immediately , and the number will grow from there. The plugin click to enable in chrome is built-in. And what do you mean flashblock in Firefox doesn't help? If you don't intentionally activate the plugin it can't hurt you. Using an extension to block may be vulnerable but the builtin click to activate is different. No API involved, I can go to youtube with click-to-activate turned on and it doesn't even spin up a plugin process until I click. 5GB? I expected there'd but some kind of limit but I didn't expect them to set it smaller than gmail. The way I parse it, 2x is a single unit but 2(x) is normal multiplication. What makes you think it's resilient? And it doesn't feed on CO2, it feeds on electricity. You do not find supplies of electricity sitting around in the wild. I didn't feel the need to downvote you but I think the reason is pretty clear. You're making an unhelpful and not very clever joke, and then making up a future 'version' of the app for no discernible reason. Well, this study seems like a great way to test the connection. It's a file server and firewall, what does it need high-clocked CPUs for? Stick a big heat sink on it and you can go with no fan or a silent fan. In the US gender isn't a protected class. I think audio is fine analog. The frequencies involved are a thousand times lower, so distortion isn't a big problem. I don't really think it's the format of the registry that causes issues. It's still a pretty simple key value at each node, and you have multiple nodes with access control much like having multiple .ini files in different places in the file system. Hate speech is not illegal. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hate_speech#United_States As long as it's impersonal, you can say whatever horrible things you want about classes of people. Sure, you can be as annoying as you want as long as you don't use the word 'fuck'. What kind of ridiculous standard is that? This law is extremely poorly written. In what context? Because I definitely don't trust the internet to promise me money. Can you elaborate about what makes you say that? Surely alcohol loosening you up isn't anything abnormal...is it? Or are you just talking about the early paragraph and not the real point of the article? I disagree. The theory is not that collisions don't exist. The (probabilistic) theory is that you will never find one. In practice hash functions tend to have flaws that are discovered over time, ruining this theory. You should still delete it from the main database, even if you defer it for a week via deleted=1 for performance reasons. And then it's easy to purge ALL user data backups more than X months old. It's easy to avoid playing wrong notes on a piano. Just don't play the piano. Nobody is saying that it's easy to avoid internet distraction while using the internet. But it is easy to block out a few hours of not using the internet even if you are paying for a connection. It's quite similar to not going to a coffee shop for the same few hours. How many dlls are loaded into the process? Have you looked at all the loaded dlls at the moment allocation fails to look at the potential for remapping? Edit: Okay I see a memory map on the bug report. So why not poke at a copy of kernelbase.dll? I've never seen the word 'spam' used this way before, interesting. Rather than unsolicited low-quality mass-messaging, the problem is something completely unrelated to the actions taken. If it was an atlantic fanboy with no stake in the game the same behavior would be acceptable? I don't see how you could answer yes to that prompt without realizing it was the 'key has changed' prompt. Especially when half the ssh clients I've seen abort entirely when the key changes. I don't understand what the difference is between having java default-installed and installing java on demand. Both methods run a jar when it shows up, right? Huxley seemed to be using the quote to suggest that Kapersky didn't know of them. Are you sure about that? Just yesterday the play-branded market app made me manually update adobe reader because it wanted sd write permission. So what does it take to make my windows browser show the actual character and not the fallback? I'm already on Opera. What fonts do I need? Either she is a victim or she made up the entire story along with emails. It's a waste of time to discus the latter; if it's made up kickstarter will say so. But I doubt her making up a story so easily disproved. Your other posts about italic text honestly come across to me as a strawman. I see no problem with expecting people to say "nope." to credible-seeming trolls. It takes mere seconds and provides strong evidence to discredit the troll in the future. And you calling it a marketing stunt is a very different situation because you have a clear motivation of rhetorical device to fake an email and you're not staking your reputation on it. Finally, I don't think anyone here is suggesting taking action against kickstarter without hearing what they say. It's a big "wow, this is a bad way to behave kickstarter". And they could reply "yes, good thing we didn't do that". I'm sorry for making it sound like I think the situation is black and white. What I meant was was that the text of the email is a pretty clear bad policy. Anyway, on to the main point. You're using an example of how easy it is to throw out words and ignoring the fact that if this blog post is a lie it has serious ramifications on her integrity. So I feel justified calling it a strawman. This isn't quoting a 4chan thread as a resource, this is somebody making a plea to the world under their real name. There is reason to believe the quotes are accurate, even though I'm sure there's bias in the telling. And I'm not judging kickstarter until I hear what their response is. Even if all they say is 'that email is fake' then I won't think badly of them. I'm not being taken advantage of, because I'm not trusting a lone rant. I am sorry. I was unclear there and I think I got things a bit confused as I replied. What I meant to say there is that your italic fake-quote that the blog post was a lie was a very different etc. I think I misremembered there being a mention of it being a stunt inside the fake-quote. Either way, I'm sorry I worded that unclearly. I wasn't talking about your actual opinion there, I was talking about your fake-quote. There is absolutely no reason they would have to to log ip addresses to prevent account sharing. They can easily limit you to one logon at a time or simply ignore sharing and limit each account's bandwidth, preferably rounded to the megabyte or coarser. Or less cynically they make funny knockoff movies that a lot of purple watch on purpose. The book thing is pure scam. Honestly I'd say randall is the one doing that. YC hackers are like Z. SpaceX is like Z. Therefore SpaceX is YC hackers (in spirit). piotrSikora isn't literally asking why such a thing is a property of only YC hackers. He's asking why randall is using property Z to label things as 'YC hacker'. I don't think your jumping on his imperfect wording is very helpful. Great, so the first guy says to make them public domain and the second guy immediately contradicts that by calling any patent freeing dumb. And what's a nonpatent supposed to do to protect you from other companies' patents? I do wish they would tighten up the language to remove any subjective clauses like 'deter'. And either cut that ten year limit or remove it altogether and rely solely on the counterattack clauses. That's a ridiculous reason. The most recent version of IE that supports the syntax already hides the username:pass to completely solve this problem. Opera does the same thing. Firefox asks if I want to log in then does the same thing. The pre-change version of chrome I have does the same thing. What benefit does that have over a unique path/param? That's not really relevant here because this is a rare site that actually needs facebook data like the friend graph. They're not using it as a lazy login mechanism. Okay, either I'm missing something glaring about the article or you posted this comment on the wrong thing. Which is it? It only lasts until the session ends. Even at high frequencies? Because a strobe light gives you a lot more flexibility. From what I've seen it's not a big problem here because it's unlimited storage for one desktop . The high-end users are only able to go so high. A service to handle updates is good. A service per application to handle updates is not very good. Why is chrome bad? It at least can't lead to a system compromise. I'm more worried about the attack surface that each service adds. Especially when you have people used to writing user applications making secure services (this part isn't very relevant to browsers). And all software has tons. I like that site as far as the cheaters and things go. But I can't stop being bothered every time I see a ban for hacking the avatar to make it a weird color. Why is this so offensive to them? ...no it's not. Basically everything is in about:config, and it has a search function. I don't think it's crummy of the article to not mention the exact details. No, it's RAID 5. Well, specifically, it's RAID 6 but customizable. You can lose any k drives. Bans should only happen for hacking multiplayer games . It's quite rude to kick out paying customers for screwing with anything else. While they reserve the right to change it I'd like to see such a massive change of intent stand up to a lawsuit. Hosting illegal things: bad Saying where to get illegal things: under dispute Apple is never consistent about rejecting apps. The reason is what matters here, not the number rejected (as long as it wasn't a fluke, and since it was multiple devs I don't think it was). They very much are being rejected for using dropbox. You can be more specific and say it's for letting the user log in to dropbox but that's it. Apple is blocking it because if you spend long enough wandering around the site from the login point you might find a place where you might be able to purchase something. Logging in to dropbox is a core part of using dropbox and to suggest otherwise to call the title into question is very strange. The new version is hobbled and won't even let you make an account. It is nothing more than a workaround for apple's stupidity. Roughly three of them, yes. Who said anything about not checking insurance? I can loan a car out to two or more trusted, verified friends in the same month and then be unable to specify who had it at a specific hour. I would be surprised to have an internet company as big as google screw up pipelining. How likely is that? Net neutrality is about ISPs. USB micro? Explorer silently strips the trailing dot and is tricked into doing the right thing. Almost all the passwords are 8 character alphanumeric. It would mean they aren't salting, but it's within the range of md5 rainbow tables. I would say it's more complicated to rely on omission rules. Also you can simply not indent html and body. What had me outraged was not the terms, but that google wasn't following them. They said to use the name most people knew you by in real life, and proceeded to ban people for doing so. They wouldn't accept extensive documentation of names, only government IDs. (They also accepted blatant photoshops of government IDs.) A missing feature, even an important one, is part of the initial purchase consideration. It's not comparable to a severe defect found months after purchase. I don't really see why the distinction matters. Somebody pushed a button and it got shoved multiple pages back, votes [mostly] discarded from consideration. Whether it's 'community' or moderators seems minor. I'm looking at it in terms of a 5.0 product. Unless they secretly removed the feature from that version (I'm assuming not but please tell me if I'm wrong), then anyone buying it knew what to expect. In terms of car analogies, one that 'bursts into flames' needs a recall, but one that tends to overheat in the worst days of summer, in a product line that's always done that, is a fair deal. Moving forward, we have established the following clear criteria to explain how employees will be eligible for the $10K referral bonus: - The employee must provide a referral for a full-time hire. - The referred employee must work at Miso for 6 full months after hire date (excluding any leaves of absence) - The referring employee must be employed at Miso and not have given notice to depart the company prior to the date of the bonus payment. I don't understand the point of the third rule. Why isn't that 6 months too? This way they have an incentive to delay payment if they think an employee might leave. I think I would feel dirty if I wound up saving $10k because someone I was going to pay it to forgot to do their paperwork for a month. Last I checked Dropbox's android support was just an app version of the website with no syncing. That barely counts. The desktop/server linux support is pretty good though. Selective sync picks folders. Obviously I would be able to set it to wifi only. Or maybe someone could spend a day adding hourly sync instead of continuous. In short, a lack of the core feature is definitely not a feature. I would expect copying to your own computer would fall under fair use, but that copying to a hundred computers would require a hundred purchases. A license mechanism isn't explicitly needed here. It sounds fine to me to have small banks failing with FDIC around. People don't lose their money, and someone with better business sense starts a new branch. Nothing about how it works? The way I see it you came out about the same, both getting things done in under five minutes. Excel guy could have dragged from A1 to J1000 if he cared about page count. Do you actually think the game was related to his death? If enough people play video games an hour a week it's guaranteed that some of them will die while playing. I understand that he was marathoning this game but that shouldn't cause a heart attack. But how much of that was actually tied to games? Maybe I'm being needlessly nitpicky but I didn't even notice the comment about lifestyle as I first read the article, tucked away near the end. I don't understand what could be wrong with using the key. It's a random string; it's not something that was created by the labor of Apple. Some value, yes, but that baseline is rather low compared to the value-as-money. Buying raw megabits-per-second into the internet is very cheap. You should have the option to buy based on speed and have them make a profit even if you saturate the line 24/7. Electricity, water, gas cost a lot more to produce. Time errors between ten minutes and an hour are probably the most dangerous, so most devices being less than half an hour off is barely a comfort. Cell towers need synchronized clocks? For what? Salts are not secret. They make you run unique calculations per attacked password and do absolutely nothing else. You might feel like adding a hidden component but it won't noticeably help security and it's not a salt. MD5 is 'fine' for very long passwords. How many of your users have very long passwords? MD5 does nothing to make it hard to blaze through billions of possibilities. The page may not have all the images but I greatly prefer the layout of a big page of images to thumbnails or slideshow. Sure, I can do some IOCCC entries. * This entry is an entire flight simulator/3d demo/fractal generator/graphical chess program in like a quarter of a page! Wow! There, I've already covered most of the entries in a very easy explanation. Oh, and a lot of them put the source code into a cutesy shape or substitute out normal "C" words to confuse the reader. It's easy to point out features like that too. * The C language lets you list word replacements to apply to your program before turning it into machine code. For example you can turn every "NEXT" into "start_printer(); feed_page(); shutdown_printer();". It's a great timesaver. You can also use it to say 'dump this entire file here' and centralize code that's used a lot. This entry has hundreds of replacements and does that entire-file-inclusion over and over. It uses tricky methods with all this replacement to pre-calculate the answer to a math problem before it's even turned into machine code. So the actual machine code ends up doing zero computation before outputting the answer. * This program was being cute. Normally it's tricky to write a program that prints its own source code, because it's like making a sentence that contains itself. But turns out that some compilers will turn a blank file into machine code that does nothing. And doing nothing means you get a blank file for output. They changed the rules after that. The last example is like a good example about modern art. It makes a point and pokes fun at the rules but you can only make so many clever observations about any particular thing. Almost every winning IOCCC entry has a legitimate purpose. And you can explain the purpose. Even though explaining the joke will never be as funny as natively understanding it. In art, explaining the purpose (even if it's something simplistic like capturing a scene) can expose those pieces of 'art' that have nothing to them (like the ones made by people with too much superglue and a desire to be 'shocking'). Also upgrade complete lays bare its jokey demeanor in the first couple seconds of menu, before you even reach any references or old-school graphics. You may not fully 'appreciate' the game but you can certainly understand and enjoy it without being a gamer. I got the impression that he was complaining about the exhibits that have no explanatory plaque at all, not even a paragraph. Corporations are standalone 'people'. An employee can free speech whatever they want, they just can't do certain things and attribute them to the corporation . They can use the corporation's equipment, even. Whitespace is nice but underscores aren't whitespace. They also leave a zigzag effect that isn't wonderful. They lost credit card info? I thought the database itself was breached but not the servers with the decryption keys for the credit card info.