Why not just do it. You could set up a Telescope instance, in an instant! I have not been able to find an English translation. Google Translate does a great job at this text and I think its worth the work for people interested in early global networked messaging and computing with Mainframes, Unix, pre-TCPIP, post-TCPIP etc... After googling after some exotic hardware mentioned in the text, I found a translated section from this text in "History of Nordic Computing" [0]. I am helping my girlfriend with an internal project in SAS, and I found this text when I was searching for documentation on an ancient Mainframe "QQLIF file" which is still in use today! This text does indeed contain a description of it: "All messages in and out of systems were logged on logtapes, so we started using them to extract traffic in the network. IBM mainframe computer was we used for our data processing and SAS (Statistical Analysis System) was the "language" we programmed in. At an earlier point, we had been losing track over which terminals we had and where they stood. Therefore, we had already built up a widely used file called QQLIF and contained a variety of information about each terminal. It was both a real time online "direct access" file at Unisys, and a batch copy on IBM. Mainframes known terminal's trust, and by means of QQLIF file could be translated into PLID. Because of strict PLID'ens building could we add line drop, controls, and terminal for individual messages." [0] https://books.google.dk/books?id=c7MlCQAAQBAJ&pg=PA276&lpg=P... I am afraid you have to translate the section you wish to read by copying and pasting into Google Translate. A minor hassle imo. Thanks. That made me feel a whole lot better about sucking at this. :-) As a candidate, this is the best interview guide I've read. I'm an MBA type with a lot of compsci background, and I get this bullshit all the time. These advice were poignant and to the point of actually suggesting to me how to think and how to answer those incredibly silly questions. That's what it's like over at the Corporate Overlords in Scandinavia at least. Congrats to the team. Met you at Assembly. Nothing wrong with stealth mode. Yet there are still brilliant writers out there. Although I am unsure of where all of this narrative comes from, it's so good it nearly brought a tear to my eye: Nuclear Fruits https://youtube.com/watch?v=15dxuAbTC0A&itct=CBQQpDAYBSITCJS... Origins of open worlds: https://youtube.com/watch?v=EdV_2svrDVc&itct=CB0QpDAYAiITCK_... I highly recommend watching all his feature videos. Yay. The GPL aside. Being accepted in the kernel would mean the immense rate how development which happens there. I liked the cheery tone of this piece! It came without the unnecessary editorializing and fluff found in typical review articles. +1 to Networkworld.com Sir, I believe you should then move to Iceland. The question is, did he really write the first version of Kazaa? They have most definitely not. There's just a higher signal to noise ratio. You have * Fargo * Boardwalk Empire * Mr Robot * Suits * True Detective These are stellar shows with high production qualities. There's generally no ads on web streaming during the show. Hey. They're the only ones who can dish out k-lines! Yeah. It's really friggin good. I highly recommend it. And I'm an entrenched libre open source kinda character. I recommend reading PACT PRESS' books about Business Intelligence on the Microsoft SQL Server stack. It brings it all together in a fantastic way, example driven. Yeah all that database skin stuff... It's essentially derogatory or veiled complaints about simplicity right? It's not really how it works. You need to actually write them, not post something here. Aaaaah. Ye olde BAIT AND SWITCH Damn, I was starting to like Onedrive. Some of the translations are surely made by a Norwegian. Those are not corn, but wheat bushels. In Norwegian wheat is "korn", and corn is "mais". Hmmm. The plot thickens! That is highly variable on the strain of the plant smoked. Mainly two categories exist[0]. Sativa is a cerebal head high, kinda energetic, clear thinking creative high its like floating opposed to indica which is like sinking. Indica is a body high, sorta narcotic feeling, you can actually feel the tingling in your body, your limbs, it's really heavy couch lock and such. There are also hybrids which have both in 1 plant. Go exploring at Leafly [1]. [0] https://www.leafly.com/news/cannabis-101/sativa-indica-and-h... [1] https://www.leafly.com/explore Bullshit article Why are they not offering 8GB drives. It's late 2015. I recommend Jed's editor for a very friendly editor as well. I'm a console-menu guy and like the EDIT.COM feel :) Plus it's got some Emacs (s-lang) to it although I never use it. Also, you can't argue with 8bit clean. It's in the repos. Homepage: http://www.jedsoft.org/jed/features.html On a sidenote. I am addicted to Jedsoft's console pager "most". Also in the repos. With colour, search and really the whole nine yards. It's the most. So much more than more and even more than less!. Pipe to |most and see for yourself! Slightly trimmed version. You have a clone of it bundled with Midnight Commander. "mcedit" What else has he been involved in? Drupal 6 was an exciting time for them. I wonder if they manage to rewrite all those plugins for the Drupal 8 release. I certainly hope so. It's been in the making a long long time. I guess I will have to give this a spin. Try Krita, friend Am I the only one to have noticed? PERL is a shuffling of REPL Not pedantic enough. You didn't comment on Perl being a backronym for REPL! I can't find anything out there about this either. It must therefore only be me :). >Welcome to the Perl subculture! I was at the time also in the Slackware subculture, Church of the subgenious. It got very foobar. Tried learning Perl since highschool, it was too much of a mindF* for me to get going with. chomp? regex! Phew. Maybe with Perl6, it's time. Discourse NodeBB and Vanilla comes to mind That is not a reliable work tool It does not support passive mode No queue No SFTP No FXP I think you did a very good job at dissecting this attack. Kudos Pardon my ignorance. But at a funding level of USD680M, isn't it more prudent to do an IPO? I have been using Subsonic.org on my servers since 2009. It has and still is serving me very well. Hillarious +1 I highly recommend the book as well. I consumed it by audiobook while driving. A great experience. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuU_ure7tF4 "The computer, it contained worlds." Which is incidentally the exact same thing I have been saying to people when asked why I was so into computers as a kid. Yes, I applied some of these in my bash program. Besides dude. Referring to poor countries as belonging to the third world implies that a second world exist. The second world collapsed with the Soviet Union and does not exist any longer. The preferred nomenclature is developing countries. Although you're not wrong. Excel is the killer app. Word is ALSO the killer app for heavy lifting writing papers etc. It's the program I suffered the least in during my uni years, and I tried them ___ALL___. As an investment analyst for VC, I also need to make A LOT of powerpoint presentations. Not a lot of slides, but I need to convey complex points in a short amount of slides. This makes me push Powerpoint to its limits and it also comes with no REAL competition elsewhere, I've tried __every alternative__. Nothing comes close to the robustness of MS Office, unfortunately. I would be happy to deep dive on this one, as I several of my 1000-level poltical science courses covered what we think of and how we classify and rank countries. The most basic thought is to begin at the lowest common denominator. What is it that all countries will agree to when placed into comparison. That is the United Nations Human Development Index (HDI). It contains Life expectancy at birth. Education index: Mean years of schooling and Expected years of schooling. A decent standard of living: GNI per capita (PPP US$). Now from here you could rank GROSS DOMESTIC HAPPINESS, but that is a garbage index if you ask me as a political scientist and a champion of the free world. The top grossing country on that list is a country that imprisons and tortures. But I gather it makes sense to triangulate the facts from the CIA World Factbook, Heritage Foundation Freedom Index which covers press freedom and the extent of freedom of speech, and a sprinkle of transparency thus the Corruptions Perception Index from Transparency International. Now whether you're east thinking or west thinking you might also want to include another sprinkle of Amnesty International and quantify or qualitatively add its reportings to the mix. What you will find that the initial HDI gives a pretty darn clear and precise estimate of where you would want to live and where in the world could be deemed as "developing" as in not yet reached the top-end of the list. This is a scientific endavour, and it is not meant to hurt anybody's feelings. Also: You can downvote me or upvote me as much as you want. This is how the real world approached this problem. It sure is good :). There is a beautiful world out there. Go explore. As you know. You had it all - Norway amicable nipletwist Great thread. A childhood friend of mine(32) from elementary school, has a mild autism and does not know how to deal with his life. We used to be mad doom fans (well, we still are) when it came out and it stuck with us for years. But the poor guy is living with his family, sitting up until 4AM making Doom levels. At this stage he is one of the leading "levellers" at Doomworld[0]. "STILL MAKING LEVELS IN 2015" is a thing which is kind of funny, but it is actually sad. He's wasted so much of his young years thinking about Doom, making levels etc. I wish he'd just snap out of it, but it seems it will not happen. That is how the story goes I guess, with the kids you grow up with. Not all of them have the interpersonal and mental means to pick a chose a good path for themselves. [0] http://doomworld.com Learn X in Y Minutes[0] is a fresh and quick intro to Perl6. It looks jolly good, readable(!) and quite fun! I hope I get to work on a project in Perl6. [0] https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/perl6/ This is great. Can you do an AMA, or umm, tell us more? +1 Insightful But still. If I understand this correctly 8000vms is one of these mainframes. That's one machine versus a supercomluting cluster of 4480 nodes. Will this game in the future be able to run, ported or otherwise, on the proposed Voxatron Game Console[0] by Lexaloffle[1]? [0] http://www.lexaloffle.com/games.php?page=consoles [1] http://www.lexaloffle.com/ The naming of the channel and hence branding was a real stupid move by them. As if lesser informed members of the public would see past their collectively understood common enemy meme AL-*. It doesn't take a PhD in philosophy to prescient this. Why couldn't they just have chosen something more "user friendly". Hell I even got talked behind my back by HR in a world class consultancy (CAPGEMENI, there I said it) firm for reading Al Jazeera, as if it was something dangerous and that I had dangerous intents (Nothing further happened). I love that luminaries from Oxford, no less than the Particle Physics department of Oxford university use Duke Nukem 3D as their example how how much the emulator is kicking ass and chewing bubblegum. I dig the innovative user interface metaphor. It's refreshing. English is not my first language either. Sarcasm has no place here on Hacker News, and I was not being sarcastic. I guess I could have elaborated. I think the way you have placed the category/categories, website domainname on each row is interesting. Also how comments are moved to a separate area which I find a fresh take! and Endomundo A folder on your tablet which you open with the gallery app is more than enough to do this already. and... Why does this need to be an app? I feel that many people are brainwashed by Apple dogma. Does it successfully terminate a Borg cluster? /offtopic No Linux port, You got to be effing kidding me. All his arguments from that post are today FOO. This is awesome. Totally a ballsy thing to do :) They are foo because his arguments regarding toolchains, driver stability, distro "stability" are not troublesome in 2016 is it was some years ago. This is a technical discussion, not a discussion of selling. Yes, I am arrogant by the way, I learned not to be afraid of standing tall with my own point of view. Same in Norway. Just visit brreg.no and for added convenience proff.no I am! :) This is the logical continuation of Aaron Swartz work. He should be mentioned. I have a strong belief in heartis.at as the new soundcloud and baboom.com as the real marketplace (which disrupts the industry). Booo. edit: Those alternatives will not work 99% of the times. I love the fact that it says pirate site. Information wants to be free. Ham Radio was always there. "The hobby mostly being male and often transmitted from father to son is highly susceptible to the overall cultural trends WRT single parenthood and boys growing up without male role models." I grew up without male role models. I turned to Doom and Linux. Needless to say, I didn't score until my teens were over. Plot twist. This is actually the result of a barter. The Gov gets to have some low level TOP-SECRET access in trade for this easy access code and that Apple gets to go public to keep the populace calm and pretend they are fighting this thing. Jumping from stone to stone (boulders) is supposed to stimulate and train large parts of the brain. It's "I'm a CEO speak" for categories. I apprechiate the effort, but that article did not tell me almost anything. This one from Linuxjournal[0] however. [0] - http://www.linuxjournal.com/article/9001 This is seriously awesome. That's enough internet for me today. You just have to clever up! I managed to scroll down by invoking the Android text selector and be dragging the selector block downwards. Android-CURRENT on Huawei Nexus 6P here :) I realize they have not taken security seriously in designing their delivery mechanisms. However I do not care. Linux Mint solves all my problems of configuration. It is configured so nicely and with Cinnamon it comes with so many useful bells and whistles, I'm not moving anywhere. It's great. Mint will be back after this blow and I am sure it will not happen again. I use it daily and I am super productive on it as my desktop. My family uses it also, on new and old computers, and it is perfect. Considered harmful is considered harmful Incredibly impressive. Greetings and high fives from the intertubes. As a futurologist I don't like this one bit. Seriously, I feel like this company will destroy us all. Well inability to join group calls is false. I do group calls on Linux using Skype every day. The client sucks, but it ain't unusable. Screensharing is my biggest concern, it does not work. I can't see other people sharing screens. Every one except the real professional occupations, like lawyer, doctor, pilot, auditor, ibanker https://www.udemy.com/an-entire-mba-in-1-courseaward-winning... I found this course to embody a lot of the "business insights" that you can learn at an MBA. At the end of the course I felt that it added a lot to my knowledge, and I could instantly stuff I picked up in my current position. Hi Brianking, I can't respond to your thread about IT infrastructure inventory apps, and HN has no privmsg right? I am just responding to you here, there are some cool self hosted asset management apps... Check them out here: https://github.com/Kickball/awesome-selfhosted I would do it on Odoo https://hub.docker.com/_/odoo/ , I think. I really want the best for Slackware. I used to be a slacker 1996-2006 and grinded my Linux teeth on it. It escapes me why they don't want to innovate at all with a proper modern package manager. Also they need to remake their website and with that create a decent forum and a decent wiki just like Arch has perfectly done. Nowadays I don't care at all about knowing every corner of my system. I have applications to manage, languages to learn, money to make and a life to live - so I lazily run Ubuntu on everything. Grinding teeth, the proverbial milling of stone... Also as in learning the ropes, or training oneself, learning the hard way, et cetera. It's not adequate sorry. I am not happy with mailing lists for community building. And I know of Linuxquestions.com forums, but that's not adequate either. Seriously, it would take 60 minutes to get this sorted, and 30 bucks yearly of hosting these forums. Didn't see that one before. Good stuff they have one! Thank you. No difference worth making is precisely why I didn't make it. The community. As a user and potential contributor, I need that. Also I am sounding like a downer... I'm sorry about that. My strong opinions can often be too much, and I get that because they might sound negative. I am saying the things as a long time Slack user that gave up. No way. The NIH is strong. Based on what I have seen elsewhere (other distros and other major software projects), I am saying it would benefit greatly from a better approach. Yeah I am going to end the philology here. My advice and concerns above is more than enough. Half-Life 3 confirmed ... No wait Why does the World need to be like this? That edit there is soul destroying stuff. I always loved Facing Worlds, and still do:) Read it now, best thing ever. I met Romero yesterday, so stoked! :) http://imgur.com/iHbjCcB I hate stuff like this. "Tick tock" et cetera. I get terribly depressed thinking too much about it. Yesssss i have been waiting hard for the next part of the story. Ut's totally riveting. I would pay for more of this!!! [And or for future investigative journalism of this incredible scope] And then there's math knowledge. Social scientist here, and I have no clue of what you're talking about. Calculus destroyed my engineering aspirations. Ooh thanks! I will try this on other apps that might crash in the future. Torture scenes. The Norwegian News agency NTB, think Reuters on shrinker-pills, has deployed it. Not bad. Install Linux Mint on it and you'll never get another phone call about using the computer again Saying no to joining an arms and weapons producer. 2 months later I got hired by a AAA firm. Yay. I use Krita for all my Photoshop-like needs. Now it just got Even better. Android reads Ogg and Flac natively. It is being used by Spotify, and in most games internally, especially indie games. Ogg didn't win, but not far from it either. +1 insightful mevatne@hotmail.com Why not embrace, extend, extinguish two flies in one fell swoop! Seriously though... No that was serious. My brand new Thinkpad T550 has an explicit ME config firmware I can enter. PRESS ENTER TO INTERRUPT BOOT -> F1 BIOS, F12 CUSTOM BOOT DEVICE, F9 INTEL ME SETUP I can enter into it but its vital parts are password protected. Even though it is my computer, I cannot configure and control it. Scary. This is not the future I wanted. Nice one! Will try that. It accepted the password, though all uppercase "ADMIN". It then immediately wanted to set a new password, which fails every time. Possibly an undocumented password strength policy, but could be anything. It's beautiful when you don't have to live it. "This is a Facebook +Premium article. In order to access this content, you must sign in with a Facebook +Premium account[?]. [?] Facebook +Premium accounts are Facebook accounts where you have also confirmed your identify with your national passport [level1] and have your yearly retina scan access enabled and updated [level2]. As an option you may wish to access the Facebook extra features and free access to all services by enabling [level3] on your account by enabling location services and allowing us to store your GPS position throughout your day. A level 3 account will have access to location based and time based offers, content and Facebook friendship features that will simplify and improve your life. Level 4 access is not yet ready for us to offer you, but it will involve a small chip which you implant into your arm. This will let you get the full and unfettered Facebook experience without the need for any cellphone or other device!" Congrats Bryan. If anybody deserve it, it's you guys. Would be sweet to learn how to get the PG indexed search engine to work. And how to interface with it in Php or Ruby History of radio astronomy. It can't get much better than that. Yeah, I thought so too. The truly orthogonal logic and arguments used in the letter are excellent. I a doing a large webscraping project as a first in Ruby now. Learning heaps. I really wanted that series to be as good as the movie. Has it picked up lately? Ok good riddance then. Maybe a second movie will come out. I apprechiated the read. Didn't understand it though. Noticeable Because he can Nah. It's cool. Their cms spawns a forest of small websites. That's some fine Forestry imo. Luksus begs to differ. http://thomasfrivold.github.io/luksus I can also recommend the YouTuber "Ahoy". Phenomenal writing and production, videos on Wolf3D, Doom, Quake, Half-Life And then? Why not run Linux on the metal? You must be a newbie. Nothing wrong with that. Install Linux Mint and everything works out of the box. Taxis suck, globally. Or perl6 on jvm Tried Mint lately? It's been mighty fine distribution the last years. Interesting and engaging writing. I had similar history; harsh winters, Norwegian summers and access to computers meant staying in with friends learning every bit about our computer overlords at home and at demo-parties. At age 14 I was interning at a technical university college doing Linux work. Eventually I made it to Silicon Valley, all starry eyed. Because of moronic immigration laws I was never able to try my luck there. The only off-putting things were real estate prices, and all the schmoozing which in the Nordics we call lying. Now I am a corporate drone and have accepted this fate. No more illusions and aspirations of grandeur, only the long hard road awaits. As it happens it is pretty sweet and I'm happy. Skål mine nordiske venner. EDIT: Structure EDIT2: Pics or it didn't happen!? Me outside a Hewlett Packard campus building I particularly liked: http://i.imgur.com/pWtoVpm.jpg Our product: http://i.imgur.com/VL1UQVF.jpg Company story [now defunct]: http://imgur.com/a/6l1kl [I'll be writing an obituary on it later.] HP chargers / bricks for their high end laptops are pure engineering marvels. http://www.terapeak.com/worth/genuine-hp-elitebook-8760w-877... Hooh? dAMn No seriously, what is the author intending to say that when repeatedly putting it between sentences. So zen Okay, I'm going to be open minded and I want to try it. What will you do with these private data? Is your company aiming for a privacy quagmire on par with Facebook (loaded question I know, but it also shows what my worries and reservations are). Does anyone know where the Blackhat 2016 videos will be posted? I've always found them incredibly educational. Okay I'll leave something behind as well. This is my favorite sec-conference video of all time: [HOPE X] Elevator Hacking: From the Pit to the Penthouse https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOzrJjdZDRQ Closely followed by DEF CON 18 - Joseph McCray - You Spent All That Money and You Still Got Owned... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SsUeWYoO1Y +1 to Rendezvous With Rama by Arthur C. Clarke. It is absolutely phenomenal "hard sci-fi" with coherent science and a very cool story. They were going to make a film adaptation of this book, with Morgan Freeman as a main actor and everything. The scope of the scenes in the story however were so large that even with Intel Corp with technology onboard, they couldn't make them. Maybe nowadays it would be easier to make. http://www.hitfix.com/motion-captured/morgan-freeman-discuss... You've got to be kidding me. Well that was exactly what OP was not looking for in an answer. It always was a fun idea for me to run that juicy Unix OS on my x86. In my case - I tried a lot, albeit back in 2008 and 2009, but wasn't able to get it to work reliably on different machines. I ended up in a quagmire of undocumented problems and errors, forum-hunting, loading kernel modules by hand - kext hell. Do you really want to? Sure Hahahaha I am a scholar and a gentleman, double MSc, but I couldn't help myself. Too much reddit lately I guess. I have been in the Linux camp for 20 years and seen their subterfuge, so a little schadenfreude is in its place. However I totally agree, this is not the place. I stand corrected, I'm sorry hn. There seems to be a hn downvote brigade too Yes. Anyone know if those fixes has flow back to the Linux kernel implementation of True Crypt (tcplay / LUKS)? It's difficult And from the trenches: - rails application - scraping with nokogiri gem on Ruby - simple models doing the scraping in rails app - some scraping is parsed with CSS selectors - nokogiri - some scraping is parsed with regex - nokogiri - persisting to DB, Text, even Google docs - presentation on web, text, pdf, xls Boom That's nothing. Move along. Why is RPN good? My gripe is: - Why should a person doing difficult mathematics also have to struggle with a different notation? No install guide in the wiki. Humm. Mainframes and helicopter parts Sounds like a cool uncle So Nexus6p or Galaxy S7 support? Cool! Thanks for the tip! On "Can't forget articles" I really wish there was a curated Hacker News archive. I encounter so many new things which are exciting, thought provoking and amazing stuff on HN. Or if they would extend HN with a Categories section. In horror I see a lot of business application stacks driven by Oracle. Probably because of some nifty set feature early on. Again and again we pay dearly for it. A small and growing part of me wants to cut through the bulls hit and look into eliminating it wherever I can sell the idea. Thanks a lot for your feedback! I will to try your tool. Also let you know if I usever it for anything real world. In horror I see a lot of business application stacks driven by Oracle. Probably because of some nifty set feature early on. Again and again we pay dearly for it. A small and growing part of me wants to cut through the bulls hit and look into eliminating it wherever I can sell the idea. What miserable trash. Apple id dead to me. It already was, even more so now. Why am I even here. What miserable trash. Apple id dead to me. It already was, even more so now. Why am I even here. Whoa I totally enjoyed that Shkreli video. Didn't watch it all but I think I will. I always wondered how do you do this horizontal or vertical fill with formula's using the keyboard? This inspired me to look for more Excel hacking videos on YouTube. Asberger? Yeah. He probably has a crowd that sucks at Excel because that goal seek stuff is not exactly a revolutionary Excel trick. Thanks! Thank you for the tidbit! Picked up a few things here :) I was. Thanks. See his video linked above. It's really good and its clear the guy is bright. The point here is, it's not how we feel as a desktop user, it's more interesting to think about what new technical solutions can be created because of this. I liked the media manipulation part. In fact ... You induced Goodwins Law. -- Godwin's law (or Godwin's rule of Nazi analogies) is an Internet adage asserting that "As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Nazism or Hitler approaches 1"—​​that is, if an online discussion (regardless of topic or scope) goes on long enough, sooner or later someone will ... Godwin's law (or Godwin's rule of Nazi analogies) is an Internet adage asserting that "As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Nazism or Hitler approaches 1"—​​that is, if an online discussion (regardless of topic or scope) goes on long enough, sooner or later someone will ... His method is known. This is why the study of history is important. This guy has a phenomenal collection and he posts insightful videos with system walkthroughs et cetera. https://m.youtube.com/user/jpkiwigeek ? End to End exploration and explanation of how and why global economy works. - Peter Dicken, Global Shift https://uk.sagepub.com/en-gb/eur/global-shift/book242137 Any corporate finance textbook, probably; Brearly Myers, Corporate Finance, https://www.amazon.com/Principles-Corporate-Finance-Richard-... Watch the Yale/Stanford lectures opencourseware on Financial Markets with Schiller; http://oyc.yale.edu/economics/econ-252-11 Nicholas Taleb, Black Swan; https://www.amazon.com/Black-Swan-Improbable-Robustness-Frag... Harry Markopolos, Nobody Would Listen, https://www.amazon.com/No-One-Would-Listen-Financial/dp/0470... Michael Lewis, Liars Poker, https://www.amazon.com/Liars-Poker-Norton-Paperback-Michael/... "Leveraged Sellout", Damn It Feels Good To Be A Banker, https://www.amazon.com/Damn-Feels-Good-Be-Banker/dp/14013096... I am a Krita fan. It's taken the throne of all my graphics creation and modification needs. https://krita.org/en/download/krita-desktop/ Thank you, now this thread is going somewhere. Popcorn time Unrealircd is imcredible, as far as irc servers go. I ran it with 300 concurrent users at a local LAN and was able to do a lot of excitimg things like load balancing between servers other cool things, already back in 2001. Then you will like this YouTube channel https://m.youtube.com/user/jpkiwigeek ? Paint.Net is good, indeed. Let Krita be your new friend. https://krita.org/en/ From the bowels of 4Chan https://i.imgur.com/abcVS6q.jpg Cto, hr, sales, devs I beg to differ! https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12556160 I use a personal mediawiki for large scale bodies of knowledge, like my academical studies, computing knowledge and such. Other than that, Simplenote for notetaking on web, android. Lastly Google Drive is heavily used for the rest. Yes. These IDE's bring phenomenal value. ? This is what universities, clubs and festivals are for. You must work with yourself then. Getting out there is the only way. Well well Trump! I am going to go a head and grab some popcorn. What is that? Roman history? (Genuine question) For science, would you svare your code? #wanttolearn It's not the same for me. EUROPE TO US, EUROPE TO LATIN AMERICA, LATIN AMERICA - EUROPE ASIA TO EUROPE All without latency. Wow Will the Linux build come with SSASS capabilities as well? It seems based on Tryton (name is seen in the screenshots), which is a fork of OpenERP. Tryton has taken a wildly different path than it's ancestor OpenERP. https://www.tryton.org/ OpenERP is now known as Odoo. https://www.odoo.com/ Token ring delivered 16mbit, 6mbits more than regular 10-base-2 coaxial or twisted pair Ethernet at the time. I implemented Odoo ERP's MRP capability for a supply chain stretching from Norway to Shenzen. It worked really good and we god transparency in our manufacturing process. We spent a lot of energy in making our production staff update the ERP as each phase of production was finalized, but in the end it was highly worth it. End result? 0 spreadsheets, almost maximum transparency. Improved Quality Process in production, more collaboration et cetera. We also got a lot of value out of the other modules that almost magically comes out of the box :). Completely unrelated to the ERP of course, the company is now out of business, but the website still remains http://bergesolutions.com Gitlab can be run "selfhosted" but still turnkey. Just look up Digitalocean or Bitnami. A bright future ahead for all customers! *snark intended Well written, thanks Yeah like how. Do you know how hard it is to get a greencard or residence permit for Northern Europeans? This reminds me of an idiom I particular liked by Ralph Waldo Emmerson from Self Reliance "You see great works — statues, buildings, machines, books, and you feel belittled by them, put in your place, puny, unworthy. But you're looking at it all wrong. Their greatness awaits your judgment. Emerson wrote, "The picture waits for my verdict; it is not to command me, but I am to settled its claims to praise." I don't think winning is the point. It would be fun if it was more - explore to find, trade and gain. Better become they then. English question - What do you refer to as "canon" in this regard? Interesting discussion on the Star Wars universe. Myself, I prefer the murky old corners of the Alpha Quadrant, fending off treacherous Cardassian freighters in the Trek Universe. What can you use this for? He forgot to mention: Big clients with aggressive legal stange who promise millions then strangle and cancel the contract you had with them when you've sunk 1000s or hours into R&D. Depression trigger warning We are not machines. We are men. My thoughts too. No, really! :) This was ragingly interesting, but outside papers like these I wondered what the application of this at this stage might be; Great sci-fi could be had, was my conclusion. Yeah. Firstly, maybe lastly, the conclusion of this video is real powerful stuff. I cannot pinpoint it's philosophical anchoring or origin. The same message was at the end of the iconic documentary about Jodorowskis Dune. But I have been trying to mentally operationalize the advice and ideas here, but found it really dificult and abstract. Obviously an incredible lecture that deserves its own category. First Don't give up the job hunt Unemployment is devastating You are not alone Maybe there are other things in your life outside your CV and job situation you should address. Definitely shower daily and lift heavy weights often. I would recommend posting to /r/getmotivated and /r/therepill for further advice A little boring to be honest:) I recommend the YouTube channel jpkwiwigeek Comments like these. This is why I read Hacker News You may still keep the company alive if copying the code is not instantly making it possible to replicate your business. Ref Non-Imitable competitive advantages More like, you didn't try to use Linux Mint. It works out of the box. I beg to differ. https://youtu.be/yVpbFMhOAwE Yeah. But it is not the way PR and Git is intended Upvoted because you're dead inside Insert Godwin's Law here http://wekan.io Libre open source alternative. Can be self hosted or self hosted from within Sandstorm Wekan on a Sandstorm.io instance Yeah. But then you like your colleagues. You don't have stress and you don't have a management layer stressing you Rendezvousous with Rama Global Shift What???? I moved on to LXC Never looked back Congrats to the docker team in the new release anyhow. The problem is some of the massive python modules that cannot be ported from 2.7 to 3 .x Yes I was thinking about twisted I vote for the special and the general theory of relativity. LXC is sane to me. Upon first glance it is understandable and works everytime. I went all in with Docker, it was all fun and games up until I tried it in production, and I started relying heavily on it. Docker introduces container linking voodoo which have burnt me badly. Sure enough voodoo comes with its upsides, we now have Kubernetes which obviously I think is very cool. Just far outside of my use case. Serenity now! I stand corrected. I realize that it was 4 years ago, since I tried to learn Python ... And at that point in time key libraries, which I for instance read books to learn, twisted, was 2.7 only ... Better the Dutch than some other agency. lol Do you really believe that. To be fair, that would be too much to handle, even for the Donald. Maybe I skimmed the article, but my takeaway from this article was that using our abilities to think and solve mathematical problems helps us to live a life of more intellectual resilience. In my view, this wasn't about doing mathematics as an academic career, climbing up the ivory tower, publish or perish, and all that. Edit: I tend to agree. My intellectual capacity was far improved only after doing first year Engineering Maths & Physics. I did terrible gradewise, but it has helped me visualize, juxtapose mental structures, quickly iterate on different concepts etc. I should go back to doing something again. Had to do some cartesian products in a data migration the other day, in my dayjob, it was refreshing :). And as always, this timeless quote from Einstein motivates "Do not worry too much about your difficulties in mathematics, I can assure you that mine are still greater." That sentiment sounds to me like coming from a typical iOS user. All this backseat content consumption-only will bite us sooner or later. I am filled with sadness about this. Thank you for your synaptic sugar this morning. It saved an incredibly boring meeting during a long track implementation project. Hours is okay, if it works. I highly recommend the Arch Wiki as well. It is the best of its kind, there is. That too is 95% generic - https://wiki.archlinux.org/ I really think that's walking a very fine line. You may benefit from finding a counselor for periodic visits in the near future. I love diplomatic shitstorms. You are looking at this from a computer engineer's point of view (perhaps). However if you look at it from the world of finance, access to a data broker with up to date(seconds) information where you can also chat with major bank traders and hedge funds the package is very complete. Data brokers. Not a regular thing in comp.sci, but very much so in the world of finance. I think this is the most frightening company there is. DoubleCommamder is a really good clone of Total Commander. Recommended! Typed it on my phone. I agree, the post was slightly lazy:). As you know. Trump has has ended reality; words have no meaning now, and numbers doesn't have meaning either. The scene is not dead. On the contrary. That sounds leisurely. How about Oslo & Berlin? Corner case Yawn, move on This is why I love academic economics. Corruption Perception Index is a better measure of corruption. Isnt't always like this? [meta] Fantastic discussion Excellent presentation skills. That is the point of traditional academic publishing. So I don't believe it's comparable to blogging platform. News for hackers, stuff that matters Yeah. Makes no sense. What's maildir? I don't understand Docker to be honest. It was a big pain to have unexplainable race conditions when I tried to use it for production apps. Ended with a spectacular data loss, of my own company's financial data. Luckily I had 7-day old SQL exports. So... He was ... Bashing bash?, I for one like my shells dirty with hidden corners and black magic. Name anywhere where you do not have bash available; embedded, grub, rescue boot shells. I don't do embedded. Never will. But on a serious note, does anyone know a good resource where I can pick up a better la guage and never have to bash script again? I love writing it. It I am sooo restricted by it, yet keep solving problems with it and also making good money like last night. Maybe Python is the way? Love the project :) Can you create an OpenGL interface in voxels please. No.. Netscape had them since e v4 Unbelievable In case it was illegal. So what? My thoughts exactly :-) I never transit through the States any more. I prefer Canada or Mexico City. What is the use case for headless Chrome? I have used http://ge.tt But it is not new or hip anymore In this context, what do you mean by pattern? I am surprised nobody mentioned http://www.tranceaddict.com/forums It was massive! Well still is! Then install something else. Like any of the 30+ window managers that exist. The software center is two clicks away. Topic aside. Pretty crappy article, it's just a wall of text. Great news! Maybe now I can consider it for my 10tb offline backups. No, that would not be accurate. The difference between them is like Redhat Enterprise Linux (Costs Money, Enterprise Supported) vs CentOS (Community managed, community supported, Libre Free) Just a baby, but it had gone live. People had solid vested interestes, by actually having put money into it. Borg Tried these video series? That guy explains it really nicely and is really bright. https://pythonprogramming.net/search/?q=pandas Good to know there's still hope :) "Community" - as if we are downstream, something easily managed. I see it as a polite way of saying "You kids". Still US only? sigh Well he's not wrong. UK It isn't. Far too brief. I would appreciate a really long text that would in a convincing manner explain why Postgres Is so awesome. I work in the industry, and all I see are Oracle and Sybase everywhere. The experts are zealots also, not even having heard of Postgres. Not willing to believe a word I'm saying about Postgres. I am already convinced of course, but the industry is not. Not finance, not trading, not telecom. Regarding "The industry". Okay. Let me rather call it, The Real World. I work in a Fortune 500 company, a consultancy of 400.000 people, on projects for other Fortune 500 companies. My experience is from the real world. So you tried the same joke on both Hn and Reddit. Interesting So is it still only for Nexus 5x? This can now be achieved on the Samsung Galaxy S8 with the accompanying dock. It's global, rolled out to anywhere you can buy a Samsung S8. Holy shit I am now in Telco The only place where I've seen IT being highly respected. Let me guess "It's not secure." David Brent? Yes most have what we refer to as "renders", so you don't have to load up your favourite hardware to run it natively. As a client I would have been comically outraged You can stay for 12 months no matter what owner says. LD is not ADHD /r/selfhosted says hi :) Nah they aren't. HN have superior signal to noise ratio in the comments and even better; enlightened discussions mostly. Let's not pretend this is a faculty club, this still is the Internet. Nice I enjoyed the read! Interoptability really isn't terrible for general purpose stuff No Android Bah. I want to try it! :) Iceland Because it isn't linux iso's. Loved this. Fuck off; to the article. You cannot necessarily climb down a mountain the same way you climbed up. Or swim backwards. I am working on understanding the paper itself. I am reflecting, that's all:) Like I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream That was an awful game. I like it too. But; This is a slippery slope. So I don't want it. Could have been more elaborate here. Didnt really want to explore it. Well the story and the choices you must make. The game itself is a fine work of art; but it's more exploitation than a fun adventure game. I picked up the game because I thought it would be a spiritual successor to the text based game Mind Forever Voyaging. Well it wasnt exactly that. The game gets dark fast. In fact I don't see it as a game at all, as it isn't fun other than solving puzzles that are at time grizzly. (Nsfl) I was pretty shocked at having to operate an organ/eye out of a living and awake prisoner of war in a one of the game's simulations; of a concentration camp. Another simulation you play as a female that gets violated. Screenshot: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/bf/I_Have_No_Mou... "The game's story is set in a world where an evil computer named AM has destroyed all of humanity except for five people, whom he has been keeping alive and torturing for the past 109 years. Each survivor has a fatal flaw in their character, and in an attempt to crush their spirits, AM has constructed a metaphorical adventure for each that preys upon their weaknesses. To succeed in the game, the player must make choices to prove that humans are better than machines, because they have the ability to redeem themselves. Woven into the fabric of the story are ethical dilemmas dealing with issues such as insanity, rape, paranoia and genocide." Source: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_Have_No_Mouth,_and_I_Must_... Lucky bastards Yeah. Linux is not like that any more. Try Linux Mint. The only configuration you will do is to enter your username and password. Too sad. Shouldn't have read. Now I can't unread it. Darnit!:) Well written piece. Nah. You can't hold a 'maintainer transgression' which happened two years ago against them forever. They have indeed implemented solid checks and offer a Shaxxx-sum file for every iso file they publish. Not only that, bt publicly "soul searched" and went to great lenghts to assure the community and its users that such mistakes would not be repeated. Now verifying the authenticity of the iso file actively encouraged, on the download page. They made a mistake, took solid steps to improve, and the show has moved on. You should too, instead of smearing the project far far down the line. (I'm being retorical, I know) In Denmark, we have "THREE IS THE MAGIC NUMBER... YES IT IS. IT'S THE MAGIC NUMBER. []" "song" when dialling others while using the 3 Mobile telco operator. Interesting!! I would say: Gitlab Mssql has a lot of cool and valuable entry level features bundled with it, as an added bonus to the transactional relational database. Like the business intelligence features Datawarehouse functionality Machine learning capabilities within the warehouse suite Mdx (which enables things like power pivot / power query) Myself I am a Postgres guys, but man those extras are really enticing to me as a problem solver. This is really good, looking forward to supplement my Subsonic and Plex install with this. I will contribute if I can :) SSL support through a different app. Okay! Will have to finally begin using Nginx then. Good opportunity to learn something new. So add an issue on Github, this isn't the right place. It makes more sense if you click TECHNOLOGIES -> NXT - here you can see a less dense map I really don't get it. Why (is it) (that you feel) Ubuntu is fouling up anything by including ZFS into their os shipment? Wow. What a massive release. Didn't we all. (Similar story:) ) No ACME protocol? How come they've waited this long??? A much needed step back! Bye bye free sc egress traffic. Download your favourite content now, before that value lever has been pulled, and it's too late. Because Linux is absolutely awesome. Zfs can be made to work, shoehorned in your parlance, and then you have the best filesystem on the very best of operating systems. I am not a low level developer so I cannot discuss that merit with you. I too started mid 90s with Linux. Walnut creek cdroms anyone? I believe Linux merits stands on it's own feet and I don't want to have to write an essay about everything that is awesome about Linux. - kernel dev speed - the disruptive gplv2 linux kernel license - kernel breadth of drivers - great hardware support - kernel subsystems available - container technology in particular lxc - scalability - openness - now - zfs - with encryption support! - strace - kvm - size of community - size of pool of corporate backed devs - great great wm's - great userland tools - bedrock distributions like Debian - distributions pushing the envelope like Arch - The Arch Wiki Interesting quibble. Guys. I discovered a sinister rehab clinic in Portugal after an online cry for help was discussed on the Reddit Bureau Of Investigation (yes, it's a real thing, /r/rbi ). It was mentioned that after being "admitted" they were held there against their will. The treatment method was to "break the patient down" and then "build it back up". This clinic is the one which was mentioned. http://novavidarecovery.com https://www.reddit.com/r/RBI/comments/5utmaz/my_girlfriend_j... No submit button? Ok here then: Foldershare Great peer to peer file sync tool. Acquired by Microsoft and shut down. Slowly shaking head Me too. It is a key tool for me as a PM. I have run meeting with hundreds on call. Can I run regular web apps with this on NVIDIA gpu's? How about for messaging and updates Well nothing is stoppimg you from setting up a Gitlab clone/fork and advertise this. I guess. It is not dead. It has invested every living corner of this earth. Does it suck and ruin my productivity and drain my work happiness? Yes. Better than Scrivener? I use BTRFS for non critical data, like scratch data and second backup archives. This is because I can stretch it out over many old harddrives I have laying around. The memory footprint is also very low. And it comes with compression! But for everything else, I have rammed up, manned up, and use ZFS. Norway It's all in the subsidies. I never went in, but the baseline skills are there.* Let's just say I was forced to show up at the principal's office at several educational institutions during my youth :). I now sometimes make money doing white hat stuff. Well it sounds like a very technical claim, therefore it must be true. (Insert memeface) Are these re-implementations? Or does Amazon offer the source code for these services? Not meant as a critical question, I don't understand the origins of this repository and really how it can be. Thanks. Okay then, I guess. I did read it, but I've never heard of a "mocking tool". This is new ground for me. Those characters aren't reachable on a US keyboard. Thät's why :) Maybe. I was close to being severely burned out. Changed my role at work Now everything is great. Me too. I learn so much. Complain all you want. But I have clients who force the use of Sharepoint, and emails for team collaboration. Coming over to a client with atlassian stack on premise or in the cloud, is like a peachy holiday in comparison. /anecdote. /question At massive [project] scale; what would you rather recommend to use than Jira and Confluence for the project lifecycle, functional collaboration, technical collaboration, development, CI, and CD? Lol, now that is a cranky maintainer. Fuck yeah. This is fantastic. He means that is the host range he saw the most attacks from. Deduction then takes his argument to the understanding that many attackers use Level3 and Softlayer for attacking purposes. This needs to become a thing. Where people produce writeups on Oracle To Postgres, and how much better it is; under something like #RunsMuchBetterWithPostgres ... It is strange that there aren't more writeups on Postgresql migrations. Yandex had a good one. Posted here a long while ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12489055 I would think that not having to pay the Oracle/MS/Sybase/Teradata licenses are a good enough incentive... Speaking of economic incentives. That could be a thesis topic for my hereto unwritten PhD in Behavioral Economics: "Choosing to pay" What are the behavioral aspects of top leadership - Why do people still chose proprietary" A quantitative case study." One day I have to learn how to use xargs No he meant 2.5" Those models only have the "MacBook pro" "stick ssd" aka M2 SSD, which has a smaller form factor. Yahoo finance has portfolios Yahoo finance has portfolios Yeah but no EURO markets Strange, why not go for postgres I've never understood the word canary. What do you mean with it, in this context? Depends on what you say when at Taco Bell. Listen, the science presented is better than no science. I think you are conflating published peer reviewed articles with the incentives of Academic Institutions, Journals and publishing houses. In my view it's unfair to let the scientists be the antagonist in this debate. The Flinch | motivational | https://raouldify.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/2011_1203-the-... Self Reliance | inspirational | http://www.youmeworks.com/self_reliance_translated.html Sure, but not on my phone and on my Samsung 65" smart tv. Which is nothing Should have a section for which software license the website code is under Also for any runtime JavaScripts And should alsonspecofy how private data is stored And how private data is collected, processed and for how long it is retained Where is the code? Yeah. That happened to me. Cannot recommend this. AT ALL. Also this is a nicely thought out post. I don't see what the problem is. Id cards Bank code generator University diplomas Your external hardrive containing a backup of your most important files (you of course have this ready) Any favourite item that you don't want to lose, hardcopy photos of loved ones or memories such as that. Your favourite blazer. I really like the academic citations where applicable. Mad props for that. Hahaha (risking downvotes; I stand tall, bring it on) Turning on and off the bedroom heater in 1 hour intervals during the night. Also It begins warming up the bedroom at 9pm and shuts off at 0830am. I use TP-LINK HS110 which uses wifi. Super nifty. I can control it remotely also with and app, and by sending packets to it over my local Ethernet. Sure, there are a few implementations: https://www.google.no/search?q=tplink+hs110+github&oq=tplink... Not too secure, you're right. Ooooh that's such a fun game. I am not a DBA; But it's to ensure high availability. The real question is, on October 2017 which shared webhost can you recommend??? I am with Inmotionhosting on their business plan and that has been working fine. They support postgres in addition to mysql which is nice. Other than that nothing special, only that it works and they don't hassle me. It's not very cheap though... USD200 per year. Hosters scrapped: - Servage.com - Greengeeks.com Good point, but to be fair. Intel cpus are better. Sure. But in the 2000 era, the AMD cpu's were crap in comparison to Intel. I know I know, it's unfair, and now they are much better. But I will forever hold a grudge. Ryzen looks great btw. I remember this classic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRn8ri9tKf8 It's got some Carl Sagan in it. Very good find. Don't worry. We love your service and will never leave. You could for instance one of my favorite papers: 10.1093/oxfordhb/9780199234257.003.0007 Nice approach!!! Last stable version of Reason by Propellerheads came out two days ago. It's not dead! Serverless applications Computerless computing! Very insightful post. Thanks for that. I skimmed the paper and enjoyed the illustrations, and the photos at the end :). So Memristors are about reversible gates instead of non-reversible NAND gates? What are some annoying parts of Ruby? Thank you for the insightful response. I'll never ever touch upon these areas, so I still hold Ruby to a high regard. It simply is fun. "Closed as question is not ...[x]" sigh What a great success story. All the best. Motivational for me personally as well. Economist here I do the same. :) I am addicted to be very honest. I learn so much, it's worth it. I totally enjoyed this article. Hahaha hilarious That is where you are wrong. A cannot be thought of as a "group of people". A company is a legal entity, which can do absolutely ANYTHING within the law. It, the corporation, will by default do everything in its power to maximize shareholder value and that is it. Beyond that, there's Corporate Social Responsibility, but of course that is downstream from the corporation's main objective, which is to maximize profits. The corporation is to be understood as an "individual" and is legally so, but one which has limited legal liability . Uhm, isn't that what they are doing? :) It isn't a conspiracy when the feared idea has been confirmed. There is a separate os running on the cpu to monitor and control each and every single one of new intel machines. Seconded. In my case it was The Secret of Monkey Island, Dune II and an insatiable appetite for more digital worlds to escape into - PC Format, Pc Gamer magazines... Domination A license is an obligation the user falls under legally when taking official use of a software. Nope. Backing the hell out of here. Because the US is clearly the only country on the planet. /snark Stop it Boston Dynamics. You're the scariest of them all. Was / is Forth good and useful? Bonus; is it fun? Thanks for your reply! To be fair, it's a frigging good painting. So you can watch it at work without "sitting down" and watching a video. And you also don't need a headset. I can't get this page to work on Chrome/Android. Would you upgrade the firmware or leave it in? Who knows what benefits this defect can give you down the line. Maybe it will be possible to take over the entire Management Engine. That would be neat. This is the most insightful Linus writeup yet. His others are good too, but this just hits the spot. Great! Funny note, this post could have been a textbook sort of material. At the end he even says please. The only thing that breaks it is the reference to touching oneself :) For qualitative data management, but numerical analysis, 1 source of truth collaboratively - I use Atlassian Jira with great success. Got a complex work stream? Got thousand small problems that needs to be slowly figured out over 50 different main topics? Got a team of 2,50 or 1000? No problem. 1. Just set up a bunch of jira entries while tagging them with the same labels 2. set up filters on these labels. 3. Set up dashboard(s) that give a complete realtime/update to any inquiring user. Need to report status? No problem, screenshot of the Dashboard and done. It's really great tbh. Yeah. And to be honest, og looks really good and I like the usability. +1 My mum uses Linux and is a writer and wants Scrivener (yes, Linux is mainstream). I am fairly certain of this: A port to Linux of your latest version would be worth your troubles Sir. To be fair, ME was an abberation. Win2000, WinXP SP2/3 and Win7 were good releases. Yes, agreed. This made me chuckle. :) Not really. It enforces a quality and rigor when entering comments. I have been to forums where people were altering their posts long after the discussion continues. That makes the threads loose meaning. Any equivalent for BeOS? Any love for Softether vpn here? I use it every day to connect gome and it just woeks. Always. It encapsulates ssh I think I use tp-link hs110, Wi-Fi enabled metering plugs. Highly recommended. So a blockchains driven monetization approach for n, in this case electricity. That is comimg. For sure. I agree. An an author of several command line tools I would never document it's usage in the way the classical man pages are structured. They are in times of dire need, frankly, unhelpful. I ALWAYS have to Google it, since the man page gave me nothing. Well sure. But unlike You, bureaucrats are not computer scientists. Now that is a proper man page! Plex is the most addicted self hosting service I've ever used. Retiring portfolio But continuing to improve... Shrug Get a proper Xeon Interesting you think that. That is a broad underestimation of European command of the English language. Please make a dedicated webpage. I don't want to deal with downloading software from pages like this. The 90s and 2000s are over. Also include screenshots, reviews and whatever you can to add trust. I had Iguana in Ecuador. Tasted like chicken. No really it did. Old? Well it certainly still exists; http://scene.org You should consider hiring the services of a Software Escrow firm. Same Haha at thisbpooibt ahí the help cares. Besotes blockchains innobations this feels like yesterdats innobations. I use taiga.io self hosted. Works really really well. Lol... "buy software' How about not using fiat currency whatsoever Dangerous says who. Someone representing vested interests? Going into Bitcoin instead? Yeah tipping sucks. In Northern Europe it's it something we do. Unless we want to. Whoops, I did that too. It was fun tho. Sorry. You cannot come to a software release and complain that your old laptop handles a modern software, even a brand new version, with shitty performance. Media processing be it images or video isn't made for old laptops. A very good set of talks at the congress this year. There's something for everyone in there. Can't wait to watch the streams. Hope they are persisted. Cool. But why Linux kernel v2.6? Hey, better than nothing! Thanks. Blue tooth IOT enabled (Blink the lights while exploring the underside) Spotify integrated Tinder enhanced Facebook dreams comparability Google drive flow (work in your dreams!) Udemy stream (I know kung fu) Tesla wheel dream (dream while you drive? / dream about your next car..?) Intel Management MEDC Dream Control The final frontier I have a very fast server. 500mb/sec write sustained What's the benefit of running an Etherum node with complete history? My understanding is that this - is - the heavy hand, right? I don't understand the high horse. Accept the offer, rake in the cash, move on. Whether or not the company eventually becomes a success does not affect the money you have raked in. Be greedy, the investors are. If you're an engineer, you're the needed fuel they need for their fire. It is sound. Yes. Thanks! I am advocating it [this strategy] in this instance. It's not like this is weapons/defence, private prisons, tracking or mining. It's a blockchain startup. It's the spiritual successor Good ... let the old world wither. The waves of change will make them both obsolete. This move will accelerate this push. I should have went on to be a physisist. So like 'middle out' Looks really nice!!! A great long read, and I had never heard of her! But what does "don" mean on this context? It's repeatedly used, but not explored or explained. I used an iPhone 4S as an experiment during my travels in China, and kind of took a liking to it. Of course, it was a one time fling. Android is the only way. Not a middleway, but the best way. Clearly the only solution when on Android is to buy high end handsets and nothing at the mid or lower tiers. No file manager No personal files - music, ebooks, videos Slavishly tied to Apple appstore. ITunes requirement in the past Useless Apple iCloud which cannot be trusted in the event of disaster (no retention policy) Proprietary chargers Many Android apps are more mature and have more features than iPhone equivalents. Pricing Of handsets. Slow handsets after 1.5 years, due to amongst others planned obsolence. Aha! Thanks for that. That may well be in the higher echelons. I never heard about such at universities in Australia, Norway and Denmark. Ignore the naysayers. I have encountered them when posting my shell activities. You're doing great! Can't wait to try the final release. Maybe even get it into my workflow. This isn't news. It's a smear campaign. Frigg off Bloomberg. And as happened in OpenRedAlert and OpenDune. Remaking sprites and game assets in a more open format - while also supporting the original game assets. What a time to be alive Boom "Preferred" way to IRC is to run a client just like you did in your yesteryears. Nothing ever changed. Hosted where? This was a great read. Just came here to say that. Amazing work. Moving the main application window around in the open blue workspace is so "native". It's like I just got a new OS right there in my browser. I wonder if I can get other things to run in the same isolated space??? To begin with how about something symbolic like XEyes or good old, in fact anything good old. I know about it. It's cool for sure. With this we have a clean implementation tho. Kinda insanely difficult summary there :) Just like the Norwegian VIPPS. It literally means "in an instant", somewhat cheerfully. Not when you have 50gb per month. Common Anything is possible with a Turing Complete solution. Interestingly lede means to lead in Norwegian. I thought someone had some kind of semantic exploration going on about the origins of the word lead from it's beautiful origins of Norse Viking wisdom. But alas, I was mistaken. Is enjoyable? Waze Wade takes me from a to b in any country without effort and faster than any other. Wade it is. Yes the chat function is largely useless the report incident function is cool! print "yes".reverse -> sey Quite readable and fun. I've never loved a language like I do Ruby. Everytime I am stuck, and find a simple, fun and elegant solution I like it even more. I am here providing an anecdotal story. Zurich Switzerland -> Austrian Alps Heavy traffic, incidents along the road, gridlock ...> Waze got us there FASTEST . "ATTENTION" "WAZE HAS JUST FOUND A FASTER ROUTE". Competed against iPhone & Google Maps. Same way return drive. ... So two data points I guess. Austrian Alps -> Zurich Plus ... I use it daily... So three data points then. No, the biggest missing is native compression. Btrfs isn't getting sunset tho. And ZFS can be installed on any Linux distribution. "You are growing" hahha Yes, they are stuck with technical debt which, let's say, they cannot repay. Therefore further development on it is really difficult. This was stated by the developer in an interview some 5 years ago. *Which is fine, because after all, Hacker News is all about the comments. I don't mind re-discussing fine pieces of software or topics like these every once and a while. Regarding DosEmu. How about the main developer presenting on it in 2018 from FosDem! https://mirrors.dotsrc.org/fosdem/2018/AW1.121/dosemu_and_fr...