You can code so start writing iPhone apps, pick something, iterate.. Find some freelance jobs while unemployed. Apply to finance companies as a quant. You can even find QA or dev jobs at around 100k to relieve pressure. QA is easier and if you can code you are a very valuable QA person. Why? Because you are breaking the code and turning it into a viable product. Any company that ships values QA. Treat the job search as a full-time job. Since you have flexibility living at home, you can afford to wait for a good job in some sense. Otherwise find a larger company that hires MBAs into training programs. Use your school MBA network. If you don't know many people, but live close, reconnect to the program, go to all the events you may have missed. Find an internship at the very least. Some of the bigger businesses will repay your MBA loans over time. Once you get in somewhere with a high upside, solve their problems for them. Find a mentor. Maybe your MBA school will hire you? Go into public service, work for the government or teach (in those cases your income based repayment loans are wiped after 10 years). Work for a nonprofit as an MBA. They always want such folks, usually pay well, and also qualify for the 10 year program. Join the Peace Core for a year, go abroad, see the world, the problems, come back and apply for exclusive service related Federal jobs. They also have the 10 year loan forgiveness program. Find a smaller company that has a hard time getting top MBAs but needs them. The MBA has some value, it can be just a scam as everyone makes it out to be. Hell, go work for Yahoo, they are all about change right now. In your application pitch ideas about how to turn the organization around. Your wife needs to write since she is a writer. If you are a coder you need to code. If you want to solve business problems, go solve business problems. The GPA is meaningless long term. Use your strengths, acknowledge your weaknesses, work around them, and above all stay hungry. It's hard, I have a high debt load as well. What you cannot do is sit around and worry about it. You have to move forward. If you want, declare bankruptcy, learn from it and keep moving forward. But you can make it work. Pick tasks that make you better: code, write, solve. Don't expect a lump sum salvation. Work at it, chip it away... Call your credit card companies and negotiate. You have the power. They want to be repaid. You are not alone in your struggles. Some of it is acceptance. You might find that Buddhist meditation may help. You feel stressed and overwhelmed because you feel a lack of control over your situation/life and expected responsibilities. However, what you really lack is perspective because you are anxious about future unknowns. This is what drives your search through the self-help books. Caveat, if you do have a major disorder seek medical treatment. Those programs are organized around stabilizing the chemicals in your brain and at the same time providing cognitive therapies to help bring some perspective and rational decision making. Essentially you are fighting against your fight or flight responses and attempting to reengage your brain. It helps when you can stop your brain from producing too much speed or other stimulants. Likewise, for depression. We are drug responsive machines, people exercise like mad for the oxytocin high released after enough activity. So what you search for is perspective and a feeling that everything is ok and will be ok. The thing is, you end up where you started but see things differently. The financial issues are solved one day at a time. Sure, I should rewrite that as: Great companies value QA. Zynga is making a large push towards actual Internet gambling. That is where the money is. I don't understand why Facebook can't deliever targeted ads similar to how AdSense works. They already control the "comment boxes" of the web. So essentially, they know you are logged in at such and such site. Why not target the ads of the site to you? Seems like they would print money. There's also no place else to go... Myspace? Friendster, google+? This guy is being sarcastic. The "inapp purchase" can prevent this. Download for free, play a few levels, if you like buy more. This is the same strategy cut the rope, angry birds, use. They started before inapp purchases became available but clearly demonstrated the concept. This is the model that works. I have one, it is called a dog. What are these jobs in France you speak of? Why do we care? It's a done deal and was done 3 months ago. Stupid. Google Vultures? There are actually quite a few. The reason they don't attract the younger out of college startup crowd is that the unique problems the enterprise organizations face are not well known unless you work at a few of them. That's the big secret. Once you start working, it is harder to transition and leave. Sometimes you see lower level executive departures to commercialize a technology that a bigger corp will buy. You have to hire out execs from previous enterprise companies, or work at one and get to know people in the company (as well as their problems) that you solve with your technology. Downtown Vegas needs revitalization. I would imagine with a tech oriented spaces and some cool night activities it could compete with the Strip. I would imagine tax breaks make it compelling for investment as well. Why not port your landline to Google Voice and then forward for free? I told my dad to get that magic jack plus. wait? jedberg went to netflix? cool! it ruins your hipster cred. Huawei is owned in part by the Chinese government. Network virtualization (e.g. software defined networking) may decrease the risks posed by foreign manufactures since the software can be developed in the US, but still, a backdoor is possible. The backdoor itself could be at the compiler level, thus not detectable even with source code review (except of the compiler). For sure, there are a few trailer parks around here you can rent in. Best way is to come work for a start up or work for a bigger tech company. Go to meetups, go meet VCs, network. So the answer is come, just move here, don't wait. I wish I had moved back in 1998 when I had the chance instead of 2012. Figure out why you aren't passing the interviews. Learn Java as well. The Insurance probably cost $2-5million. The way we will mitigate this is expanding things like Teach for America. Basically, the gov't will start canceling student loan debt based on years of service. You can imagine a scale from 2-10 years. They already do this for the medical research field. That's the only way. It will be a "hidden" indirect cost. Is grepped a better choice? You can crawl in memory from a repository, or "crawl" across the net. How about an audio captcha service? Seems simple enough with voice recognition so widely available? Might confuse my grandparents though.. Indeed. I opt out, I will opt out my children. It is a unnecessary risk. The contrast is Europe and the UK, where they have free health insurance and social safety nets. How many startups do we see there? By definition we should see more startups there and they should be driving forward. I don't say I don't agree with having national health insurance, just trying to understand why the UK and Europe don't have the same level of startups. Maybe it is all marketing anyway and maybe it is all access to capital. This is the most important point. The benefit of these elite schools, is that peer pressure plays a positive role. All kids compete at these schools, form study groups etc.. Teachers want to teach motivated students and these things together drive education. ChartIO? They can link with your cloud DB, mysql or other data sources. Useful for making dashboards. I'm in the same area and it is basically the same. You have to find a private individual who is willing to help. Usually these people work 1 or 2 houses per week. Ask your profs for a recommendation. There are a million cleaner lead generation companies... They all suck. But Science is crowd funded by taxes, no? Except that your trucks deliver food and widescreen TVs to the guy with the broken car for a cheap price. Well the restaurant owner would either have to "eat" the loss by taking what they can pay, or allow the table to run a "deficit" by providing credit on the promise that they will pay it back the next week, or provide them with a smaller meal the next time going forward. These pretty much describe the current world situation. I agree. I think Romney lost mostly because he flip-flopped. I watched the Frontline episode called "The Choice 2012" and it was quite insightful. The two candidates come across as quite similar in many policy/thinking respects. Because Romney had to cater to the right wing fringe, the republicans essentially ate themselves. Effectively, the country moved right because the republicans effectively shut Obama down and caused him to polarize. Basically negating the "yes we can change" hypothesis. In 2008 people were sick of unilateral Bush action, the wars, and wanted people who would work together. By the midterm elections fringe groups got super worked up about Obamacare and death panels. Tea party hyperbole basically, a very effective and vocal minority. In addition the vote for Obamacare was drawn down party lines which I believe contributed to the democratic losses. It was a sign of not working together even though the republicans basically stonewalled the entire time. Essentially, Obama, the great listener who could bring people together was shut out and shut down by politics. He was shutdown as an outsider essentially. We had hoped that an outsider could bring change, but the system itself refused to. Romney himself was an outsider too but would have had the initial advantage of a republican congress. I agree. Hackathons, hack nights, awesomeness. That's interesting since they doubled there money not paying Groupon, but still getting the customer. New grads in any field are kind of like this. MBAs that came from business first are probably more humble then this, or already spoken for. They do probably have some value for longer term planning or networking. But that should be in addition to raw technical talent or raw business acumen to get the current job done. What was the breakthrough? there is also deamhost and dreamcompute. It's more interesting that he left Google. Not sure, it may be non-parametric vs parametric. Random forests are the best choice, but a model is more appealing due to the analysis you can make on it. I mean can random forests predict F = mA or planetary orbits? It's not a loan, it is the remainder of the investment. This only works if all NPC problems can be converted to CLIQUE? I agree. Nimbys and current owners prevent the building of higher density and modern housing. You would hope that the Federal government would step in because new construction would create jobs. Also in the Bay area, you could add lots of higher density housing near the Caltrain and gain that way. I think a gap year between high school and college can do some good. Also between college and grad school. Something like 56% of college students don't complete. Also many take more than 4 years, so the first wave of value is finishing in less than 4 years. Universities may reduce costs by dropping non-essential non-major classes. The surgeon is actually is an apprentice under the guide of a more senior doctor. Access to the master requires enrollment in medical school and then a residency. It is not book learning per se. The gov't ends up buying the deliquent loan in full and then they chase you down. Extreme hardship is the only way to get it dismissed and that is very unlikely. They do have a 20 year minimum payment plan and then will forgive the remainder. Not sure if that becomes taxable after the fact. They also have principal forgiveness plans for government or teaching service. supply vs demand? House of Lies? Hey, if your startup fails, just can always find work at another company. There is still a future. It is OK to fail, it is OK to feel depressed. You are not the value of your startup. Depression is hard and it hurts. You can actually rewire your neural pathways. Therapists can help with this. It gets better. The refining process breaks down complex carbs into simpler carbs. It is also not as if the job is rote work. Sure as long as you provide value that people will pay for. Many companies support open source projects. There is an argument for a raise is when the replacement value is high. The key is to be indispensable by adding value. Open allocation essentially mirrors open source software projects we see in public. I totally agree that open allocation is the way to go. Even software on a company's critical path will attract new people to work on it, mostly to learn and develop new skills. That frees the original super star devs to move on to new projects. Video chat? Life insurance is really only necessary for surviving spouses and children. It is not clear if the aggregate pool in general results in cheaper prices vs the complete customized personal option. In fact, if the former is cheaper, then just paying taxes is the best option. You can get loan forgiveness in public sector jobs: teachers, peace corp, and government service. You can become a nurse after college, you don't have to write code, but it is not for everyone. The boomers will be retiring so there will be a huge need for medical and care givers. Also when they go, the jobs they left will open up (minus some losses for productivity). You can go the trade route as well, or accountancy etc... One admin for 10 programmers is a huge multiplier. That admin can take care of the non programming needs so that the devs have more time to focus on code than context switching to handle the crap. It depends, a lot of Americans could go to Australia for college. suicides, greatest country ever... Yes. I think that is the point. It would be but big companies (like IBM) lobbied against it. I am amazed they did so well. Good execution. I like the new building they are constructing in Palo Alto as well. VMs are initially cheaper (say AWS), in the long run, your own server stack is if you can manage it for a reasonable cost. VMs are basically leases. and ultimately paid for by the tax payer.. bailout after bailout after bailout. Umm, so what is behavioral accounting? I did google it, and it suggests that Steve Jobs (when he was alive) was a major asset of Apple and should be priced into the company's stock value. I think it would fall under unauthorized access. Also don't buy organic coffee.. but why a spike at T=0 then? Yep. I hope so... With the Nexus 4 and the Walmart iPhone payment plans, you can do much better than locking yourself into 2 years and $1k extra in payments. could be worse, you could live in England. Proud to be the 4th comment on team jacob's HN posts. Or crumbs could sell good coffee! nah, just code in a biotech or for lab software. There is so much opportunity. Automate through code/robotics your job. Plenty of opportunities. You will find companies that want a mix of wet lab and coder skills. You save them on the translation costs for making software the biologists actually need. If you read the press release they say he only wanted to serve for a year. No drama then. It is the same everywhere and easily optimized. There's a mendacity about what people actually do. It is better to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission. It is easier to get a money transmitters license after you IPO than before. Taxi medallions, asinine sublet and renter laws are all examples of this. Legal gray areas make great businesses. The CA law he references was sponsored by the big financial companies to favor protectionism and so if enforced will raise hell and probably be overturned by the Feds and currency/interstate commerce laws. He also built a space ship. The gov't lists medicare reimbursement which is basically the insurance price maximum. Some insurers get better than medicare pricing. You know what is wild though? Federal employees aren't insured by medicare but instead the federal govt pays private insurers to insure them! If the Feds went to single payer for its employees, things would change quickly. luck favors the prepared. You should sell on ribbon (www.ribbon.co). List your product for free and directly from your tumblr blog, facebook page or twitter. (Shamless plug, I work for Ribbon).... Startups exist because hiring is broken. sponsored by the us taxi association. little do they know that it will be more profitable to have self driving taxis. this is what they call meritocracy. http://www.amazon.com/Rise-Meritocracy-Classics-Organization... It's also because of automatic garbage collection and the fact that programmers today can't handle memory management. Write a paper. Get it published. Easiest places are IEEE or ArVix. Dude wants to build a space robot. That should be physics/cs/math. You have two choices. Work at it, get to be an architect, be the guy that people defer to for decisions, be in charge, and decide your future. Or leave and do a startup, especially your own startup. as so goes the global economy. The US did charge Snowden with spying. You should try www.ribbon.co (shameless self promotion -- I work there). We just released dynamic shipping. Online. I think the hard part is identifying/normalizing the merchant based on the 20 character billing name + phone. Each McDonalds and Starbucks have wildly different text. Large purchases are immediately flagged for sure, purchases outside the local area. There is a lot of low hanging fruit. Crowd sourcing helps too. Interesting idea. SF with 1% on the full stack. In a BigCo, your number one job is to make your boss look good. I don't mean vanity, rather execute well and deliver along the planned objectives. Build trust, deliver reliably (not necessarily quickly), and in a few years you will be well sought for counsel. Just like a startup, this years hot project may be the next dog. Regardless, deliver and complete. You can push on projects but only if it comes with support from management. It is a slower life cycle. I imagine the perk at early Google was cheap stock options. That's funny... Of the co-inventors of TCP one works for Google (Vint Cerf,is 70) and Bob Kahn is 74 years old. In my interpretation it is all about what happened and how you spin the story. We see in books and movies where someone appears to be quite guilty but then in the twist they are not or vice versa. Now, life might be messier in some sense that such is less likely in theory. But even forensic evidence can be manipulated and the science of forensic evidence does not have the same rigorous scientific underpinnings as depicted on CSI. In a digital world, a lot of things can be manipulated, and in the world of espionage probably are. Would you have to pay tax only when you convert them to dollars? I mean US multinationals don't pay income tax on foreign income until they repatriate it... Politicians do this all the time. Fox News and the mainstream media make their careers out of it. I think we as a society have forgotten how to deconstruct an argument and fact check the specifics. I totally agree.. Any recommendations for how a new to the valley engineer gets on to this salary track? Is it hard won negotiations? "See Dad... money does grow on trees!" Wow... must be a lot of Dad's on HN! :( The rich. I imagine Obama calls you. Most of these guys may have been on his re-election engineering team. He is clearly a mistake. In the consumer space it is always innovate or die. For PCs people buy Windows because they are cheaper than Macs and linux is a nonstarter. Chromebooks are the new ultra low end. For Tablets: Apple is the high end, Android is the low end. Kindle Fires are niche, and everything else is basically worthless. In the business space they need to counter the cloud and APIization of the market. They need to make it simpler, integrated and more effective on Windows devices. And they need to target small businesses. The need to cloudize workgroups/domains and make it simpler. The rest of the cloud market being built on linux/open source and relies on web browser standards to achieve cross platform penetration. But in the current reality, Windows PCs and iPads are all that matter. I think it is two sides of the same coin: Cheap location = nothing there, so nothing to do. Expensive location = too expensive to do anything, so nothing to do. Get a monthly pass at hackerdojo. Can't you have multiple connections to the same host? You should change it to: Go Fish.. or GoFish. So if you do use FBA.. Tag everything?... even the new shrink wrapped stuff... Then you can verify if it was yours or not. buy box. appoint ceo as msft ceo. There's actually a simple technical way around this. Don't store the paper. Store a file hash and let the user access it via approved channels. Most users here will have legitimate access via their institution, or can easily find the paper via Google. Dedupe on upload and link to approved Elsevier stores. Easy peasey. We weren't deceived... Just think about what they could technically collect based on modern technologies and logically conclude that they do or will do. As much as you can do remote support. Charge incident packages. You should structure the fee/cost structure like insurance. Pay more monthly, get more service, lower out of pocket costs. This is all about liability. Jackson is amazing... Housing is expensive though! 101 feels like a death trap too with all thee buses speeding down. This techcrunch article was utterly predictable. C Universities are supposed to protect our youth and foster freedom and free academic exchange. Shame on MIT. College students have no money... It would be fascinating to get an insider view on this. Clearly, MSFT, Apple, or Google could buy them. Become a software engineer. They way you change it is by starting your own company. So choose to work for a startup that doesn't do that. There are plenty of profit sharing companies out there. Or become a quant where you can eat what you kill. Inequity, really has nothing to do with fairness. If the startup can't hire, they will offer more until they do hire (or go out of business or worse never achieve). What you can negotiate is based on your position. If you are ex-Google or Facebook you can make bank at a more established tech company looking to turnaround (cough.. cough.. Yahoo) or at a startup looking for "top talent" or get access to VC funding. It is the same dynamics you see in professional sports. Sure, make partner in a boutique software consulting firm. The adage is that those that risk capital reap the rewards.. I would argue that specialization in software is more about delivering solutions and value. I agree that in general technology evolves, but there is clearly a 20+ year lifespan for some technologies. Cobol is still in demand. As a botique software shop you offer a company critical business infrastructure that gives them an edge. 90% of the software in business is developed or customized for the client. As developers we don't necessarily like it because it is not always elegant or optimal but it exists. Banks make multiple $ loans per single backing $. What I am really curious about is the difference between Deep Learning using RBMs, PCA, Factor Analysis, Bayesian graphical models. All of them seem to treat a numerical problem in different ways. I'm particularly interested in the identifiability of the equations (and introduce some constraints to do so).. or else you have multiple (infinite) solutions. As far as I can tell, the deep learning is basically a multi layer RBM with greedy optimization at each level. Maybe that is good enough for text summarization or robotics, but in a mathematical sense depending on your starting vectors you can arrive at different local minima. In physical dynamical systems we are typically interested in the global solution from which we do further analyses to prove stability etc... Bayesian networks have loopy belief propagation, and of course PCA/SVD require strict linear independence. Thanks for this thread. I really enjoyed seeing the science discussed. I've been interested in computational vaccine design and HIV evolutionary dynamics for a long time. I kind of see the whole thing as a dynamical system and a hidden Markov model. Essentially since the copy mechanism is leaky and produces multiple variants, and the immune system produces a selective response, how do you know that the single epitope you vaccinate against will be sufficient? I would expect their to be multiple stable populations and hence a need multiple vaccine epitopes (including populations that are stable under specific drug regimes). This is what makes rgejman's phage display comments so interesting. We already know two major populations (Hiv-1 and Hiv-2 exist). It is humbling because you are elected by a group of your peers to lead. It also gives implicit credit to all the people that helped make him successful. Leadership is not zero sum and it doesn't follow specific rules. If anything the rules of promotion are codified by practice and not necessarily logical and prescribed but in general most people aspire to be fair and merit based. I wonder if it would work. Rather than 2 year discount upfront, do it on the back. Huh? Also hardware is way faster. I agree with the healthcare sentiment. Obamacare is better than bankruptcy though. A $12k max out of pocket vs say $150k+. At least one could attempt to pay that off and maybe get some kind of Federal forgiveness vs straight out bankruptcy. Would you elaborate? I mean how much does an academic medical center pay their Doctors? At UCLA the head transplant guy makes $2 million or so. Why not pay engineers more? You could probably justify it by taking a product oriented approach, with external sales or patents or whatnot. Right but you could make software a core focus by selling your product to other medical centers or doctors or whatnot. It would be hard to get it started but it should be possible. One could argue that by definition that mission critical system was not built well. A good engineer should always try to automate (and architect) yourself out of a job. You want software that runs itself. Also SMS is effectively broken. SMS was a useful for the non-smart phone crowd. Twitter initially was a way to get global free status updates via SMS. Now it has reversed. The problem with iMessage is that you don't know if your friend has an iPhone. I think this has more to do with detail orientedness and hard work. I thought I could take the SAT without any prep. Lol. If there is one important thing for a higher schooler to do, it is to master that test. I'm going to guess the check fraud is what does him in. Imagine sending money via What's App. Get into dental or medical school and you are set. eat a mango? Retargeting seems like the only real viable option. FB is technically in East Menlo Park.. One should read: The Island of Stone Money. Absolutely amazing. She took something academics were discussing mostly theoretically (microfluidics on a chip) and turned it into some real. One has to enforce classism. Did it at least come with stock options? All auto manufacturers are subsidized, especially the Japanese. Americans could do the same, go abroad, get a degree and come back. That explains the bitcoin thefts. Don't you.. just hire experienced folks in for specific roles to help scale? Mark hired Sheryl Sandberg. Perhaps the best skill is knowing how to delegate. Versus a phone? That is an interesting way to go about it... Could legitimize the situation. "fixing government, curing cancer, improving medicine, rebooting our space program, fixing education, etc." -- There are a bunch of startups already in these areas... It always seems to be this way.. The DA or govt will make some claim that the courts eventually refute. It is very weird in some sense. I would think you stop paying when you stop distributing it. In some sense. Of course I'm sure they had multiple suitors. Instagram has a huge user/traffic base. He has a very PGesque style of writing. So where is the inevitable comparison to DropBox? It irks me when a journalist doesn't do their homework. Take for instance: "Unfortunately, the problems the average 22-year-old male programmer has experienced are all about being an affluent single guy in Northern California. That’s how we’ve ended up with so many games (Angry Birds, Flappy Bird, Crappy Bird) and all those apps for what one start-up founder described to me as cooler ways to hang out with friends on a Saturday night." To dissect this: 1. Rovio is a Finnish Company (Angry Birds) 2. Flappy Bird is a guy from Vietnam. 3. Crappy Bird... ? Not one of these examples illustrate the argument that they were solved by 22 year old affluent males from Northern California. So many startups don't even give out the % your options are.. Just like Caprica. Yeah, I've gotten absolutely no where when I've asked. "Meet the new boss same as the old boss." She should contact a labor attorney and probably has a strong case. and bank money! I think an MD/PhD is the best option. Or become a quant. Also only go to a top tier school (MIT/Harvard etc.. ) if you want to be an academic. Everything else is just ridiculous. Pays the rent at least... Rents are going up! A jury of peers in the Valley might agree. In fact a good attorney would argue that paying non-colluded wages to engineers lifts all boats, so the blue collar workers on the jury would presumably have had more pay themselves had the engineer been paid properly. Then again, maybe all the money would have gone to rent which is what seems to be happening now unless you won the IPO lottery where it is now all cash offers on million dollar homes. You could and you should pitch it as Silicon Roundabout. Man Andreessen has come along way since Mosaic. dropcams. Do not sign. If she is not going to pay you or give you equity or a percent of app sales, that is a big red flag. Do not submit it to the app store either. I would in fact talk it over with the Professor running the class or a student association lawyer. It looks like she is trying to gather evidence to suggest that you are not a cofounder after the fact. So you should assert your intellectual property rights for the code you created. In fact, not having a contracting agreement, or an employment agreement makes it more difficult for your cofounder to assert ownership anyway since there is nothing legally binding you together. What is your dream job? It isn't over, not by a long shot. It looks like you can code. Turn your internship into a job at a small web dev company and code. Take classes part time at the Community and work your way up if GPA is the problem. Also if you have trouble staying sober, find a program or new friends, do whatever it takes to stay sober. Future you will look back and see this as your pivot. Go to med school, not grad school. It is perfectly reasonable to seek out other revenue streams. It is still a land grab. There are many other megatech companies that aren't innovating or acquiring and are slowly dying. The "tech platform" evolves every 10-20 years. Innovate or die. We already talk about the Internet of things. Mobile apps and mobile access are clearly eclipsing the PC. Odds are the next Facebook or Google starts as some mobile app not yet invented. It also requires the right kind of company/manager. It will work. The only downside is all the new buildings are luxury apartments that want $3-5k. fluff piece. The last mover? Congrats to Justin and co... including ycombinator. Big exit. It will start as a mobile video social thing. 1% or more No. Don't worry about the competition. Start up Silicon Prairie. If we vote to provide higher education, then it is. Kida like wufoo but instead wuApp. Nah man, just like the SAT. Prepare. the network. Yep, even free. Sounds like a great opportunity to start a startup or join one in the Seattle area. It is the health insurance lobby that doesn't want it. Also corporations don't want the flexibility because it encourages people to stay and keeps salaries down. Samurai? Great idea. This is going to be huge. People have done this. If you search around Google you can find details. Your credit is ruined for 7+ years but in default the loan stops accruing interest. The government will pay the loan off but then the government will garnish wages and tax refunds at a specific percentage until the principal is repaid. They can't just kick out the current tenants to do that. I met a guy at solar city that does this. They have. Some home depots let you pay with paypal as well. Flat rate charge. Why were you responsible for his debt? I am sure there will soon be uber accessible. Funny if that would happen today, the cops would be called, your parents jailed, and you would be taken away. If you were born before 1985 you can claim UK citizenship through your Scottish grandfather. I wish I'd seen this is 2007. 1. Video and live streaming. 2. Photo sharing made simple across devices. 3. Continue mobile appification. 4. Siri competitor for your life (email, contacts, calendar). This is what aviate needs to do. If software was mostly contract work then yes. Unions for athletes and actors provide an underlying stability (health care, retirement benefits etc...) since the average career length and stability in these professions is low. Well it will prevent persistent cookies across sessions, but you can also be tracked by ip address. So if you exclude 20 and 21, you are still in your early twenties and you just graduated from college. If anything at scale you should own the whole chain. It's only a matter of time until Facebook integrates search or does search. It caught me out once... At the time I thought it was useless with no real practical application. But I was only fooling myself. Reasoning about linked lists is a basic fundamental and easy to solve. After I failed, I went away and studied it, and implemented it in code. Many many people can reason about it and describe the pointer manipulation at a high level, but then only 10% can actually put pen to whiteboard so to speak. It is a remarkable question. After you master that (take half a day), move onto trees and then maybe graphs. Practice modeling some problems with those data structures and after you do that any development job is yours for the taking. Well, Rutherford split the atom in 1917, so technically the development of the bomb could be considered incremental. In sales it works well, either by commission or you have actual numbers on your value. Just wait until it becomes Chinese. IM clients have taken up the slack here. things like slack, hall .... This is actually terrible. Kids peak at all different times and mostly learn from peers who are more accomplished than they are. And to avoid the cache-22, the most advanced kids of course might learn from a teacher or kid of a more advanced year. I think a network of sensors is an interesting, like what you see in Extant. A lot of the ultrasound technicians job is to move the wand around to get images and adjust the frequency to see different things. They do also push down a lot. When we had our babies, I never understood why they just didn't drape a bunch of sensors over and run a single scan that calculates everything. good luck trying to ct scan a pregnant woman! As a side note, you might have ADD. It might be worth looking into if the symptoms you described seriously interfere with your life. Practically, don't quit until you have the revenue stream and then the decision will be easy. You have one customer, try for two. There is plenty of time. Avoid the celebritization of entrepreneurship. Focus on getting the next customer. Charge for the quote as well. Especially if it is a detailed design. Hey, I'm interested in what you mean by "reprogramming" your life. I'm kinda of in a similar boat and looking for advice etc... You might try meditation or imagining a positive outcome. The worst that can happen is they reject you. Apply at smaller places to practice. Places where even if you get the job you wouldn't take it. The best times to look for a new job is when you have one. wasn't Path, the restricted social network? And San Fran. Acids from what you cook in the iron pot leech out the Fe2+ needed. E.g. throw in a tomato, lemon, ... I'm not, but I live here. There could be in the future. Imagine you comment and construct your personal path through the Net that you share and others are allowed to search. Not just reddit/hn, but everything. And it is not just, I posted to hn or commented on hn, but your actual personal shared web history (with comments: yours and others) sure, go to med school and become a dermatologist. Does anybody know if there is a way to force Amazon to only show Prime products by default? Sometimes the cheapest is less than the prime price but the free shipping is like 2 weeks vs 2 days. I know that I can click "Show prime only" after I've done the search, but for people like my wife, they typically just click the first cheap listing and see it is says free shipping. But then the order takes 2 weeks instead of 2 days to arrive. Having to sift through all the listings is annoying. Does anybody know if there is a way to force Amazon to only show Prime products by default? Sometimes the cheapest is less than the prime price but the free shipping is like 2 weeks vs 2 days. I know that I can click "Show prime only" after I've done the search, but for people like my wife, they typically just click the first cheap listing and see it is says free shipping. But then the order takes 2 weeks instead of 2 days to arrive. Having to sift through all the listings is annoying. This. Also pick a single language to do it in: I would recommend Java. If you take precalc in high school the book is free. I don't think this is true at all which is why you have more startups. Also you can have multiple startups doing the same thing across say different geographies. Except the major drugs are brought to both markets usually and largely made by multinationals. Many drugs get approval in Europe first before they are tested in the US. The biggest risk is not getting retirement started at all or matching 401k. Cancer cells are by definition immortal. java 300k where? and yes please! Tic tac toe. Do you not do code reviews? Can you make comments/suggestions? health kit linked glucose monitor seems like a win win. Or offer day care, life balance, work from home etc.. Honestly, having a kid puts you out of the office but not necessarily out of work, especially tasks amenable to remote work. Nobody talks about this but fertility rapidly declines in your 30s especially after 35. Egg freezing should be done as early as possible, aka in your 20s, even then the odds that you will have a live birth after thawing are low. That being said, there is the viable alternative of using an egg donor which relies on fertile young women. Well, except that they've hired an all star A team that does the work. They just need access to the data, that can be forced by the President. Reddit is the meta-web. It is probably also flexible enough to be the backbone (aka platform) of other businesses in the future. What about selling your own php app accelerator service. Heroku like. 1. You didn't. They knew. Ask for help/guidance. 2. Yes. Code review is your friend. 3. Not all. Learn from them. Ask for help. It's the personal assistant for the rest of us. if it doesn't it will. This is why you will have syndicates run by proven individuals (aka known angel investors etc...) The new SEC rules that just went into effect should allow this right? Sorry to hear about your mom. Do you have any references for the calibration design article? Also do you know the linear accelerator that was used? This is why you must always always be at your kids beside and if you are in the hospital, always have a friend with you (if you are in the hospital and otherwise not capable), who can double check and ask questions on your behalf every time. It's sad because Minecraft was originally Java... Don't forget ball pit. Groups of individuals are shared sets of genes anyway. Lots of very drunk people. Someone should start an SSL verification service for official phone calls. What is interesting in the article is the 4 quadrant analysis that Thiel uses a lot in his book. There is also a shortage of radiologists by design. You get hired into the C suite at your next job. Please sue. Yeah but just having two pointers and incrementing one by 2 is easy enough. Think very hard. Write code, lots of it. Get code reviews. Repeat. Most PhDs write terrible unit tests or don't test at all. Ahh but what do people want? Now it makes sense why there are so many foreign Masters students. When I lived LA, they would ticket 15mins after the start time. Also in LA there is a whole entire Parking Enforcement division. You might find multiple tickets clustered around the same time. Typically that means 1 officer working there way up the street if the address is similar. Also I think they can ticket at anytime during street cleaning even if the cleaner has passed thru. Implement a machine learning algorithm for a database. The next version of the yellow pages. It's always been that way if you want good healthcare (or have a union). Hopefully this will push things towards single payer. I'd rather pay out my taxes than pay out of my pre tax income. Perhaps we should encourage young men to join the Peace Core. To find themselves by helping others. Surprised we don't see more modular prefab homes. Paypal IPO'd in 2002. great. move to detroit, get married, have kids, kids get lead exposure and become violent criminals. It's Phil's man, not Starbucks. exposure to ionizing radiation. do or did you drink alcohol? and did you stop or not? *Edit: The reason I ask is because most SSRIs say do not drink alcohol while taking this medication. It could be discontinuation of alcohol that relieves depression. Tylenol, interestingly, has an antidepressant effect. Then they would definitely get sued for age discrimination. The statistics themselves would indicate this. Which is why the lawsuit cites that the average age of a Google engineer is 29 vs the national average of 43. This does not bode well for them. Targeted combination chemotherapy. With new improved blood tests that use next gen sequencing to detect cancer mutations this will get even better. We won't have to wait for symptoms to diagnose and can instead focus on treatment. brillant. There was a court case later that investigated the firmware of the drive by wire throttle control system software. Basically, design choices in the software implementation couldn't rule out the software as the source of unintended acceleration. All bets are off after stack overflow and continued execution. Also the "brake override" wasn't a feature included at all which one could argue should have been part of the design. In fact, software for car control systems should go through the same rigorous testing, documentation, control etc... (similar to what is required for FDA medical devices). More: http://www.edn.com/design/automotive/4423428/Toyota-s-killer... What is interesting is that most high end babysitters and nannies go through agencies as well as references. Cool! What are you guys focusing on? Pathogen detection? Why would they not be? It is all meta data. Lol.. Welcome to Los Angeles. Traffic is and has always been bad and cut throughs always have happened. This is not new or news. The UK will have a big problem in 10 years when there are still no jobs for young adults. QA has noticeably dropped, but it is a difficult job. WiFi is notorious, lots of buggy implementations of the same standard both on the access point and the laptop. And many times the work place WiFi won't update to the latest firmware that fixes the problem. I think there are two levels. On the one hand, many firms need big data experts who can reason statistically and apply machine learning techniques to their domain. This started out 15 years ago as predicting shopping cart basket items etc.. On the other side the big tech companies are investing heavily in Deep Learning for things like NLP, Speech, Vision, Siri, and wherever else these neural net approaches may work etc... Try to build a Siri clone, or try any of the Kaggle projects using neural networks. Makes sense. I think this will be huge for them. Especially if administration is easier than openstack. Well factor in rent and student loans etc... And then sometimes you can borrow from your 401k for the down payment. Market share. This is more of a research PR piece than anything. Depends, sometimes you want a young pioneering doctor. Also sometimes you want an established software consultant. The money per se is not in the technical individual contributor but delivering some new value that someone will pay for. Good. They should also get rid of the fake USPS mail forwarding ads. You don't. But you should really look at jobs at companies that have well defined paternity benefits. Twitter should adopt deep-linking in app install ads. I think you can still be house broke even if you own a $2m house in Palo Alto. Honestly, therapy should be part of the curriculum. So many kids come from fucked up situations be it their parents, peers, anxiety, etc... There is likely a silent fraction that do ok enough in the system who are missed because they don't exhibit obvious symptoms (failing grades, behavioral problems) etc... Of course this is probably impossible to implement since it requires parental permission and is likely to cost a lot. Suicide is likely contagious, so any local grouping (e.g. kids in the same high school) is significant. What are the traits of the good managers you experienced? And what are the traits of the bad ones? And what about the respective projects themselves: did they have good management vs bad management aspects? Good project management is about communication. For all the respective participants, stakeholders, everyone has to be on the same definition of success. If not, you have to manage those expectations. In a bad project, different stake holders have completely different and sometimes unrealistic expectations. I found that good managers rely heavily on experience or some form of "knowledge" to anticipate future problems and head them off. This could be technical, personality, business requirements, business externalities etc... A good manager also buffers, insulates and frees up the time of their engineers so they can do the technical work itself with little distraction. Above and beyond protect your people. Personally I've found that people who are project managers who don't have any technical experience in the domain tend to be worse than those that do have technical experience since they don't fundamentally understand the work. However, there are exceptions. Oh and add at least 100-150% to any and all software timeline estimates. Also don't throw more people at a problem. Every day. Set your clock back 10mins. I think that the burritos in LA are better. Facebook in stream app ads. In demand now; but continuing beyond AWSificiation it will go away via containerization and AppEngification. 10 year income based and non-proft/govt based forgiveness. but you already own a super automatic/keurig/nespresso. In some sense yes. But parts of Oakland, San Leandro and East Palo Alto still offer bargains. Find a job that pays relocation. A lot also have corp apartments that you can stay in for a few months as well. Well damn. This really tells you how hot the market is and how much information asymmetry there is in job negotiation: it is interesting to see the variance in each company at the same prevailing wage. Foreign doctors get trained for free and then move to the US. We have a shortage here anyway. They probably misfiled the LCA at 1m and re filed at 100k. Infosys seems to classify everyone as a technology lead. They don't have any software engineers! Data scientist has a lower prevailing wage. does snapchat support live video streaming? I don't think publicly traded companies can do that. We should not be glorifying drug use. I thought the advice was spot on. Ask for what you want; at the same time it may not happen for reasons you may or may not know. Then if you are still not happy go to market. You may find higher pay is higher stress. Otherwise, be liked, big companies have churn so do small companies, so opportunities will present themselves. Be nice and play the long game. Add more value. Most likely what you are doing in a year won't be what you are doing now (especially in software). Maybe they should watch the PBS special on the founding of Silicon valley. You stream the arrays (column vectors) to the OLAP engine or data processor rather than constructing a big join. You should actually diversify your education. Take the CS core, but also take psychology, sociology, etc... Steve Jobs took a class on calligraphy at one point. Or if you like math, try to take as much math and stats you can handle. The startup aspect is that it is small and needs to grow quickly right? The admin fee would be the return? It would be nice if these regulated monopolies would actually charge a decent flat price instead of promo rates that then jack up 6, 12 or 24 months later. This $5 is a different percentage of about 6 different price levels for Internet. Possibly, but you can be sure the IRS and FBI will investigate. Man, how about a startup that just teaches people how to cook. How about an app that teaches you to cook with and while on a date? Umm.. Fed loans are at 6% which is above market. You just have to know the basic data structures and some algorithms for them. Liked list, binary tree, Hash map etc... In the worst case, set up the data structure, then derive the algorithm. Do this in Java FWIW and make your life easy. This is like knowing math and/or stats and applying it to a word problem. This is an antipattern in management and I would be surprised if they got promoted. So being the absolute pessimist here, did he suggest that she speak up? Since he was the ultimate authority? Or did it happen as stated. Absolute power corrupts absolutely and history is repeated. Always follow the money. They will do tips. They will do a time sensitive auction. They will set a minimum bid (by the customer). Both apply. Rate is typically credit based but also depends on the loan amount. PMI is for “We probably need to fundamentally rethink how do private companies compensate employees, because that’s going to be an issue,” said Mr. Kupor, of Andreessen Horowitz." Many of these private IPOs restrict employees to selling shares back to the company at say 10% of the vested allotment. This forces people to the secondary market. Also new language in options agreements try to prohibit secondary market selling.. So it is basically a mess and practically impossible to get information. At least most of the unicorns have extended the 30 day exercise after you leave issues. Don't join a startup that doesn't give a longer (e.g 2-10 year) time frame for buying your vested options. Odds are post series A you won't be able to afford them unless offered a private liquidity event and then you can only sell some small percent anyway. Use a NoSQL database like Cassandra. For your use case you can easily do time series. Cassandra is optimized for write heavy workloads. This is basically straight out of Moneyball. Priorities can change and packaging is an important tool for communicating. This happens in all companies at all levels. those that do, go to med school One way to grow reddit would be a gold for referral program. You should measure this statistically in terms of lives impacted. For instance, a service matching patients to clinical trials could have a massive impact. Ad tech that connects donors to allow free delivery of clean water. It's a false dichotomy to say such work is not impactful. Good, intuitive portable emergency records would save millions of lives. Checklists (as pioneered by airlines) save lives in medicine. Is a good collaborative checklist technology not up to this standard? Stick it out. Make a contribution. And if not, what industry in tech are you in.. I want that signing bonus. Don't order rice in your burrito anything ever. There are thousands of foreigners will to take the places. You can't talk about academia and ignore immigration. There are thousands of foreigners will to take the places. You can't talk about academia and ignore immigration. Read Crucial Conversations and apply what you learn there. The story that Google sold itself was that Microsoft was driving the investigation to keep Google in limbo. This probably speaks more to an irrational fear of Microsoft then actual reality. It looks like the base facts are that Google had some negative impact on specific companies and people. A fact would be, Google changed something, now we rank lower, our traffic is was x now it is y. These facts have different stories based on who is telling them. One story is that Google is using its monopoly position to hurt competition. Another is that Google is providing a better customer experience. At the same time it looks like the main critics are also subject to regulation and as such they are using the regulatory sledgehammer to drive their outcomes which could be as abstract as hey we are regulated and so you should be. For Google to achieve its goals, it needs lay a common ground with its critics. Perhaps the strategy here is to achieve consensus in favor of broad deregulation. Uber will have similar issues where some locales will ban them and others will allow them. To succeed they have to push for deregulation as well. I think what he is saying is that the "smart" and "successful" folks take risks. Now it might be less risky to them because of a safety net but that doesn't preclude others from also taking risks. Your network matters more than you think it does. You can hire smart kids to work for you for relatively cheap (this is how it always has worked). Ignore the celebrification of the industry. Yahoo should buy them. I have a 8GB iPhone 5c but I take a lot of pictures/videos. I'd like to have them stored in the cloud and maybe only have thumbnails on the device. Has anyone solved this? Music can now be cloud streamed. It gives you a chance to develop your mind and opportunity to reach jobs that a regular high school education does not prepare you for. What about public disclosure of their stock holdings? So can you do a FOIA? Or go to an office in DC? An algorithm defines a startup. Don't sell yourself short. I think it is more of a drink coffee lose weight argument. Identify malware and malware patterns of access. I thought Netflix was the outlier company.. but then again it is only ~500 engineers or so.. Yeah this is just the professors being lazy... The grief of having to write more tests and be accountable! I think the county/city buying it and operating as a nonprofit helps them meet affordable housing requirements. Now the question is could you get 180 families elsewhere in Palo Alto in new developments that have an affordable housing component. It is the same as groups or governments buying open space to preserve it. Great gig if you can get in. Banks are broken, they will only issue mortgages, high interest credit cards and charge fees. Damn, I use them for Costco all the time. Some places don't even match 401k... Like what? She probably would have won the lawsuit had she sued. Get a lawyer. Yes but a self insured company should also buy catastrophic reinsurance that covers high claims cases. Presumably Chrome and its updater are digitally signed... not that that stops malware but at least it is another layer. The New Kid in Town. Imagine you are happy. What are you doing, where are you, who are you with? Just be nice in general as a human. 1. What would Uber's valuation be if all drivers are classified as employees? 2. What is Dropbox's value in relation to Box? 3. AirBnB also has public competitors, how does it compare? In these cases are the public valuations low in comparison, e.g. is there still upside growth. Yep. It's a do more harm than good question. Teleflora was the original platform. Ask the doctors if the Guardant 360 test could help. https://www.guardanthealth.com/guardant360/ It is a blood test that can determine genetic mutations in the tumor that may help identify it. It be nice to get a dropcam tv app. You look at the technology from first principles. The idea of isolating cancer stem cells is not new. Identifying them, culturing them (sequencing them) and using them to graft tumor into a xenohost are all interesting technologies themselves. These new models themselves seem to be very valuable and better than what exists currently. What do you think of Apache Drill onto of say HDFS served files? Well yes and no. Data science jobs are gated by newly minted PhDs. Software Engineering jobs are gated by CS grads who quiz entirely on Algorithms and data structures. You can get a job outside of this but it is becoming more difficult because of self selection. These are outliers by definition. Hmm.. I think they have whales that drive revenue. Yes but #TAXI never showed up. they tried this with outsourcing and it didn't work. Rents all over SF and the bay area are expensive. SOMA within 0.5 miles is not really the point. I thought the example already was Atlassian. wifi connected toothbrush... wtf.. wow. anti-minority crazy people with guns who kill people are terrorists. Stay tuned for twitter square integration. Buy with twitter should go through square. In the data. Advertising, etc.. Heavily tax guns and bullets. Excel gets a bad rap. You can do a lot in Excel including slicing multidimensional data and pivot tables. You can also pull data externally and connect to external data pipelines. Excel is point and click and allows for a wide rang of programming skill. There are also a lot of plugins and of course you can work in offline mode. It is also easy to integrate old Excel data etc... And you don't need a full time programmer who knows javascript etc or some other language to produce something. Amazon is basically eating away at all the big data startups. Mid-west is probably a good choice since you can afford to live there on a stipend. Other coastal places not so much. One factor is the hot job market which US citizens have direct access to. People don't like change. Wealthy liberals in coastal communities are NIMBYs. The only time you get change is when the number of renters (and voters) greatly outnumbers the home owners. Wealthy conservatives do not want regulations because changing the rules force them to reconsider their business. I think Europe is leading the way here. I agree. Advertising leverages an unknown variable pricing structure to it with potential deep pocketed buyers. As long as you have the "viewers" you are golden. As with everything it is better when someone else is paying than when you are buying. There will be self driving cars by then. There will be a Logistics As A Service company or an upstart competitor will integrate with them. A lot of these are compliance legal reasons, but you know what.. the laws can change! Even the government is using AWS now. It would have been better if it was a total of 124 characters. This is why young people need to vote. It's not the engineers fault. It is a statement that they need fewer people going forward. Yes but Twitter fits in within mainstream media. Facebook could take the #hashtag business, but the pseudonymity of Twitter has general appeal. Doing anything but advertising is a bad deal for either Facebook or Twitter. CPA is really a bad deal for the platform. Until you have the technology to actually "see" something or measure it accurately, it is almost impossible to deduce reality from correlations. This was obvious. The whole point of high deductible plans and PPOs is to push costs onto patients who then don't choose care unless it is absolutely necessary. Preventative care suddenly becomes $400 a visit instead of $40. It's called the "whose your daddy" algorithm. The money in credit card processing is in high interest loans fronted to the merchant that are paid back as a percent of the transaction. SquareUp for instance. Meh.. You can resell a test so long as you follow the rules of the contract of the manufacturer and applicable CLIA and other FDA regulations. These are subject to audit etc... You should not report clinical results from tests not run in a CLIA or FDA approved way. So if a test is run on Siemens for reporting clinical results then the audit goes on that pathway. Diluting the pinprick blood to run on a test that requires larger volumes probably won't work either unless they've shown it does and that of course depends on the CLIA and/or FDA regulations around the test to prove equivalence. It seems like it won't work since the tests have specific input requirements (e.g. 100mL plasma vs 1mL). You might be able to go the other way.. but you miss the cellular and interstitial components that may add noise (e.g. potassium which cells bioaccumulate etc).. Which other rules apply probably depends on interpretation of whether these are lab developed tests or FDA regulated and this area may require clarification etc... which will depend test to test etc... Otherwise it sounds like they may have calibration issues which are normal. Outliers happen all the time. If the technology doesn't have some fundamental limit of detection based on the sample volume then they just need to keep iterating. Or the components of blood from the pin prick differ significantly from blood taken from the vein. The data may just be noisy. What that noise level is matters in terms of the detection limits. It is probably too early to tell. Internally they will be tracking this and trying to figure it out. So this article seems like click bait, but what do I know. Extreme secrecy seems to be a bad thing in unicorns. Partial vesting, and hope the price doesn't drop below your strike price. You might also enjoy where you work! The opportunities etc.. Some companies are long term companies. This is good but insufficient. It reports # of patients seen which my be a proxy for quality but you also have to consider the geographic area (e.g. might be the only specialist in the area). More important is tracking complications (could be in ICD codes as well). Nah, she'll become a VC. This seems interesting. One way forward for Twitter/Periscope would be to build this type of storytelling but also allow you to archive view them in some more permanent fashion. Snapchat is basically becoming TV on your phone. By TV I mean pushed streamed content. Yahoo should do the same. Does it turn off ads in the mobile app and in you tube kids? That is one aspect. Another is the real time event/video aspect. Yahoo tried to be a snap chat channel but got voted off the island. 18-22 year olds looking for a job would be more interesting. This measures post high school and the "in college" fraction. You forgot the iPod! Google is doing this. Which makes it a great deal! True. Funny thing that may or may not be a motivating factor. Except for Google and Facebook, a lot of recent IPOs are trading below their offer price. Maybe the bigger I-bank clients recognize this (even mutual funds) so they are buying at the pre-IPO in late financing rounds. However, they still need someone to buy at the IPO, and who better than Joe Public? If they offer an Apple TV subscription I would pay them $5 a month. If the IPO holders had held on they would've made bank. Got to make those self driving cars! The board of directors are usually all highly paid execs. Like votes like. Also to get a CEO to change jobs or even promote (from another company), they have to offer an attractive package. Then stocks are a force multiplier. Good thing you're not in Hollywood! :) It is also reinforced by their actions, so nature and nurture. Alcohol is too cheap; especially at UK universities where it is not even taxed! In addition all GSA events are organized around booze. The again you have Scandinavia with high alcohol taxes that don't do much to limit consumption apparently. You'd expect a chief pathologist or someone from that field. But if they are licensed medical doctors that is good. Usually there is also a Chief Medical Officer. How was Michael Lewis clueless? He gave a step by step description of how regulation in reaction to previous crises and the money gave rise to HFT and specifically that Banks get paid by HFTs to submit their orders to specific exchanges. HFT is a game of speed that arbitrages between dark pools and the various public exchanges that ultimately provides no value. The reason the price moved is because his trades were being front run. Otherwise the market had said there were 10k shares at X but when he tried to buy them he could not because an HFT bought those shares before he did. You could put a filter trap on the drain, but you'd have to empty it often. People uses these for sceptic systems etc.. 1. JP Morgan will allow retail investors to buy at the IPO price on deals they lead. 2. Big mutual funds etc.. are buying in at later stage private financing rounds. 3. Many tech stocks are off their IPO price. 4. There is preferred stock, ratchets and lots of other ways to get a specific return at a specific IPO price or to even support an IPO. 5. In regards to #1 one has to think about who the greater fool is. Can anyone ELI-5? Google should've bought them. The homeowner likely has liability if the tree was on their property. AirBnB may also have liability. Some allow you to prepay ~$100 and get a year before it expires. This will be apple pay via ACH basically. It will allow merchants to avoid the 1% charge on debit cards etc.. The problem with reinventing itself a la Google is that it is not visionary. Bing did this and where is it? Now they could do this and go head to head competitively on the best results but by then the world will have moved on. For instance AI Intelligent agents, personal assistants etc.. What they need to do is make something people don't even realize they want until they see it. Not necessarily.. if people start to get sick, who has the liability. Jack in the Box had bad food practices and it killed a bunch of people. Same idea here. That's not how it works according to the law and health codes. No but this is why In&Out wants to control/restrict delivery, to prevent people getting sick and suing them. Delivery guy could have Shigella or something, handles your food (eats a fry say) and you get sick. You blame In&Out. In fact he delivers 100 In&Outs all ordered from same place. Delivery guy is the vector but In&Out gets the blame. Avoid trans fats. These are manufactured fats that are solid at room temperatures. Imagine what they do in your body. Butter melts at 95 degrees, the body is 98.7. Crisco melts at 117 Fahrenheit. the old Google vs Apple dichotomy. Companies that succeed do so irrespective of management. Basically, the product and momentum is great enough that you can lose money or have not quite inept management that you do well anyway. Think of it the other way: You can have the best management money can buy but if you can't sell anything or keep your users, you are toast. Google and Symantec and most of the offices in that area. But Batman gets replaced all the time... The only thing that would give leverage would be a clawback provision on the retention bonus and/or vesting. Things we need: 1. There needs to be a viable YouTube alternative. 2. They should take their experience with NFL streaming to expand that market for the NFL and add in other TV type content. This can be delivered through apps and apple tv like devices. College football is a market that would do well with this. Make a deal with the NCAA. It is impossible for cord cutters to watch their college team unless they are on watchespn or fox sports go. And even then you need to borrow your credentials. 3. Facebook M, Google Now, Siri, Cortana.. Yahoo needs to have a play here. You might integrate this tightly with #2. Buy and/or integrate: Crackle, Pandora, Roku, maybe Spotify, Cinemax. Why? All these need to be integrated into a consistent platform, each offer ad revenue opportunity, consolidation. In addition you can ramp up subscription revenues or on demand revenue. In fact it was allthingsD that failed in 2013. This type of news is just hyperbole... The media companies strive on conflict and will create it to get eyeballs. Now that's a Ponzi scheme. Well there are more research institutions competing for the same dollars so the only way they can differentiate is based on publications. A lot of science is derivative and collaborative. Most important though it needs to be reproducible. Starting there is priority #1. Facebook is his thing, and he wants people to be public and share by default. So he is leading by example. Or send flowers, or even old school telegram... ? Airbnb has network effects which effectively drive CAC towards zero. I think it has to do with the concept of computable vs non computable functions. One stand is that if the Universe is a simulation then by definition it is computable but we can clearly define and reason about non computable things (which suggests that it is not in fact just a Turing machine and may in fact the hyper computer running the simulator. But you can't really get above that. So the speed of light is just a defined constant which no meaning and we can't pierce the through hypervisor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simulated_reality#Computationa... Even if you are an early employee you can still get hit by a later stage series that gives a high valuation but with a preferred ratchet if you IPO at less than a specific price. It is almost impossible to get information on the specifics of the deals. I am not sure if you vest at least 1 stock option if that will qualify you to see the docs and/or if companies have other ways to prevent that or if they will in the future. Early stage investors can indeed get diluted but they usually have the right to invest at the later stage. Honestly, we should just lobby Congress to remove NSOs and make them ISOs by default. Good hospitals have multiple teams so they can operate 24x7. At any rate scheduling should have figured this out a priori. I guess you can play arbitrage between the two stock markets. Are they ISOs or NSOs? If ISOs and you buy in first 30 days then you pay no taxes until you sell (and hold for 2 years from grant date, 1 year after exercise). But check that with an accountant or tax person. If NSOs then you have to pay tax on the gain. I really want a tool besides a chrome or no script add on to mass edit friends and friends lists.. I have so many people I want to remove. Mathematica is great. The whole notebook concept was light years ahead of its time. I went through this with Slashdot back in 1997. Then a little from reddit and finally hacker news. You have to look at this like it is a tabloid or at best as a news junkie. It doesn't help that apps, tech and startups have been celebritified. Also tech is constantly changing unlike medicine or the law where years of study get you to the top. So the trick is to specialize and focus on your niche and ignore everything else. They have an office in Wisconsin! EPA and Oakland and the East Bay will all gentrify. sounds like a good idea. If you exploit people without giving them a fair share then they will eventually revolt. Question: If you are a share holder (e.g. you've converted say 1 option to stock. Do you not get access to the outside appraisals? I'd rather submit to a retinal scan then be xrayed.