x86 branch predictors are not 60% correct... Any decent branch predictor is over 90% correct and I believe modern ones are over 96% correct. Where's the source? It's not that I don't trust unsourced quotes from boingboing, but I don't trust unsourced quotes from boingboing. Garbage collection isn't a very good solution. They're often implemented poorly (the only good one being Go's) and they're slow. Garbage collection also necessitates a runtime environment to keep track of the data. What is not smart about smart pointers? std::shared_pointer implements reference counting just as OP describes. Yeah I'm also considering shorting this as well. Having worked at a company that ate Atlassian software day and night, every single piece of software they have in their portfolio is a complete ugly mess. For every piece of software they have there's a better alternative that is cheap or free. I hate Jira completely. It is terrible. Best system I've seen is Pivotal Tracker. Oh thanks for that. I can now pass the test with 10/10 correctness. There's a noticeably louder noise floor in the 8bit sample that is really clear between the samples. It may help that I'm using over-ear closed headphones that have a really good seal and block most outside noise. Pachi isn't in the same league as AlphaGo. Pachi can't win at all against AlphaGo without handicap. With a 4 stone handicap Pachi only wins 1% of the time against AlphaGo. From the paper, no that's with "single machine AlphaGo" which is 48 CPUs and 8 GPUs. Distributed AlphaGo beats Single Machine AlphaGo 77% of the time. (Distributed AlphaGo being 1202 CPUs and 176 GPUs.) Yes. Many of these questions have been explored in AI fiction for many decades. Even right down to the titles, like the book "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep" which became "Blade Runner" for the movie version. Or "I, Robot" by Isacc Asimov. > Butter contains 3 % trans fats. _No_ it does not. Trans fats are a completely artificial creation originally thought to avoid weight gain because it's specifically _not_ butter. They don't exist naturally in any butter. The US government has basically declared "HTTPS/TLS Interception Considered Harmful". This is going to be interesting as all the major security load blanacer/appliances out there offer this as a standard service at this point. 1. Snooping on their internet banking is ILLEGAL for you to do and puts YOU in hot water. You realize you could be put out of business by lawsuits right? My main beef is if I try to look up any old movie ever, It's almost guaranteed to not be on Netflix. It's the first place I try and it fails every time. This is just price controls and fails for every other reason that price controls fails elsewhere. It puts the cost of drugs well above the market rate for such drugs in that country and opens the door for local producers to simply undercut. The long term effect of is this is that US sellers will essentially become galapagos companies that only sell to the US and you effectively create two markets. The end state is exactly where we're at now but only with the US bearing even more of the cost. Yes, the notable one I know of ULA (United Launch Alliance) doing a bunch of volunteered lay offs where they went around asking their old timers to see if they would be willing to go into retirement. I disagree. As a new coder when looking at a new language you don't know what's the same as what you're used to and what's different. Some things may be almost exactly the same but be slightly different. For example Python's division converts ints to floats in Python 3, for example. If you just leave out everything that's the same, the reader won't know what it's the same as. Also, the same compared to what? C? Everyone's first language is not the same. Most people I've met who work in security at large companies would rather lose their job than participate in the erasure of security for all. Apple showed this pretty obviously, but I think many companies would have most of their software engineers quit before accepting such a request, even if it was a direct order. The government cannot order you personally to write software, that's blatant first amendment violations, even if they figure out a way to order a company to do so. When politicians see one of their largest corporations disappearing over night, and the associated loss of world power and tax revenue, from engineers quitting vs a police force trying to force things like this... I think there will be some reconsidering that would happen. Oh please, can you even look at what you're saying? Please look at some numbers before stating such ridiculous things. > They're position seems to be that anything outside of your brain (5th amendment and all) should be available with a court order in a reasonable time and at reasonable cost. I'm looking forward to the first court cases that deal with somebody who implanted a memory chip into their body and are storing information in it (only accessible through a wirelessly sent password) that the court wants to access. Could the court order surgery to remove it. If enough of the core developers quit that puts a pretty huge dent in the company. Please illuminate me then. What is wrong with looking at pure causes of death? They bash it exactly because they don't understand it and they listen to whatever they read on Facebook that tells them why it is evil. Basic Economics education outside of University and even within University is strongly lacking in this country. We need mandatory personal finance/macro economics courses as part of high school. You should check out T-Mobile. They have free video streaming if you enable it, but it forcibly downgrades the video streams to no higher than 720p. That still sounds like much better than you have however. I just have to laugh at this title. It's delusional. Looks like Google is trying marketing spin to make what it does sound less evil. Honestly, what's the alternative to Agile? Waterfall? Hell no. Match is live here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-HL5nppBnM I wish they would not keep panning the camera away from the explanation though. Google hired some pretty piss poor horrible camera operators. It really really sucks. This circles back to that Governments making rules will always find those who find ways to work around them. How about we try making rules that even if worked around, don't harm others? At this point it's not too much harder than opening a bank account. Agreed. Impossible to read, horrible broken UI (pagination, really?). Fonts too large. Too much white space. That's also exactly what I don't want. It's more paperwork than code in such places all full of rigorous validation. These 100k year plans are beyond absurd. It's based on the flawed hypothesis that the radiation has to be below detectable levels compared to background before it's considered "safe", where in reality "safe" is a statistical property that can be reached in under 1000 years and perhaps even 100 years. Scrolling is fine for me. Chrome on a Mac. If having Uber in my career profile makes me look bad to a prospective company then I don't want to work at that company. If the company policy I'm applying to is so toxic that they feel the need to purge people for minor things then I would never want to work there. What company is that so I know to avoid it? Sounds like you should get out of there. Except this isn't a leak. This is publicly searchable information. I don't know why people are blowing this out of proportion. "Space" is just a shortening of "outer space" in this case. This is opposed to the "inner space", namely the space within Earth's atmosphere. Everything outside of that is "outer space". We used triple-junction solar cells on our satellite. If I remember right the cells ran somewhere around $100-$200 per square inch. I don't remember the efficiency, but they were left-over dumped cells that were donated to us by some group at NASA because they "expired" (they're kept under a nitrogen purge because they oxidize slowly and these had a leak, if memory serves, still worked great though) and a few were broken as they are more fragile than glass and are about as thin as a sheet of paper. They glow bright red when you forward bias them which you can use to visually detect dead portions of the cell/damage. So how was your company okay with you uploading the company code to Kite's servers? It's a great way to save money. I'd probably almost double my take-home amount (after taxes and food) if I could skip rent in the south bay area. So many people in this thread complaining about coinbase when I've had no issues with them. You people complaining about coinbase must have not been around when Mt.Gox was the only option. If you want to talk about lack of support... Now that's lack of support. You're getting a lot of naysayers here who take one experience and extrapolate it to mean everyone. There are a lot of Tesla drivers out there who use it every day to and from work. I suggest you try using and evaluating the system yourself. Can't believe this is the highest voted answer. It is entirely NOT the reason why they are successful. Please learn some basic business knowledge before you open your mouth next time. Go read the article for one. Yep, everyone I knew growing up and my everyone in my extended family doesn't like unions, especially those who were forced to join unions. Children all over the world still do. The families would die if they did not. This is why many farming families have large numbers of children, labor (that gets paid in food and family love). I laugh when people propose this. I moved to Silicon Valley from across the country because there are good opportunities to learn from companies here. If I'm forced into a union my company will shortly be going under so I'll just find a new job. Silicon Valley workers are already the most overpaid workers in the entire country. A similar job elsewhere pays 50%-75% what I make here. If you try to unionize to force wages higher, all this does is causes the exodus of companies from Silicon Valley even faster. If you don't like your job then switch it, there's plenty of software companies that don't do that. Generally I've seen that the more bleeding edge you're working on then the more overwork you get. If you want to sacrifice working on the bleeding edge for a steady pay and steady working hours you can have that all across the country. Why the hell would you do that. That defeats the point of git. If you're doing this then there's no reason to use git. Just sync a raw directory. You can't reliably do it. This type of thinking has led many to invent conspiracy theories based on the natural background radiation that we and everyone on planet Earth are awash in. Background radiation also varies significantly unless you use very long averaging time frames. I'm on iPhone 5 right now. No problems. > And yes ... after all, humans are quite capable of identifying people with high accuracy from 2D photographs. Depth maps are not required for there to be serious privacy issues with such databases. Which would be true if they were actually storing this on the cloud in a form they could access. As far as we know, they are not. That's the point of the "Secure Enclave". Reject such F2P games. There's lots of F2P games out there. I will second having done this myself. There was a disagreement between how the tax credit for Obamacare/ACA was being taken by my mother versus I because I was transferring from being covered under her insurance to being covered under my own. The IRS said I owed more than I did because the tax credit couldn't be used twice, while my mother and I disagreed we bickered back and forth with the IRS for about a year but they gave up and let us count it. Your credit is not affected. Large companies do not "only pay a portion of the tax they owe". They are following the law and taking tax exemptions. You can do the same. Disagreements arise in the details of tax law in how various exemptions combine with each other, especially if you itemize deductions. You can't usually just say "I want to pay less", you have to have some reason why you think you owe less. THAAD is in a league of its own... It hasn't had its real world effectiveness tested yet, but its miles better than what Patriot could provide. You mean some internet blog told you it had a 50% success rate? The actual tests are 100% successful. Do some basic research please. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terminal_High_Altitude_Area_De... Good riddance. That's pretty fake and assumes a lot of capabilities the USSR never had. Satellite mounted nuclear weapons, anti-ICBM missiles, ground to space lasers, "killer satellites", etc never existed. I think the writer enjoys pro-USSR fantasies. More bad rulings from the Ninth Circuit. A lot of people need to work in a city but DONT want to live there. Many only live in cities because its convinient but would otherwise live outside the city. Lol. You can't just violate battery physics because you want it to be so. There rarely is an original specification, and even if one exists, what was actually written has a high probably of not actually matching the specification exactly because of undocumented feature requests or additions. I've never found the BO of someone the same gender as me not repulsive. They universally stink. To the point that I know who does not at work and avoid ever walking behind them. Not wearing deperspirant (not just deodorant!) is poor hygiene as it promotes bacterial growth. I will never agree with someone who thinks they don't need to wear it. You can wear odorless deodorants or very low oder deodorants. Specifically you want deperspirants as those eliminate the possibility of producing smell. Water washes off odor but not the bacteria that make that odor. You need to use soap. Bullshit. Britain and the US don't do anywhere near the scale of this collection. Also we have cases like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carpenter_v._United_States which are set to (likely) outlaw ability for warrantless surveillance of position, which they do in China. That's unfortunate. I had thought that at least Mozilla had people that understood BGP and network routing and why it's impossible for an ISP to treat all data equally and also maintain good QoS. I guess this is just them advocating for themselves as it reduces their costs. What is the metric for determining what data gets through when there is more data than what the transiting connection can handle? The internet is not one single network. It's a series of interconnected network that are operated under different policies and owned by various companies. I'm assuming you have an understanding of BGP and peering. When peering is established between companies there's a general understanding that peering is free if the data flow in each direction is approximately equal. It's a mutual benefit so both engage in the peering. If however data is predominantly flowing in one direction (early Netflix for example) then companies are eating costs (Netflix's costs) to continue to provide Netflix's data to their customers. If you force ISPs to peer in these sorts of arrangements (Net Neutrality) you are shifting costs from Netflix on to the ISPs. ISPs then need to charge their customers more even if they are not customers of Netflix. This was eventually fixed historically by forcing Netflix to to pay for peering despite the large outrage at the time about Comcast "throttling Netflix" and then "forcing them to pay to stop throttling" which misrepresented what was going on. This is just one example. See my other reply. WebAssembly is a dead end. I don't get the hype nor the interest. People tend to forget the huge number of systems out there with tons of active development in C and early versions of C++. Those systems is what Rust would be good for, not "WebAssembly". The vast majority of workhorse code is on the backend, not the front end and UI. I think the only people interested in WebAssembly are former PHP/javascript coders wanting to actually make their code something that runs properly rather than crawls. It should (depending on how they implement it), as long as the software is re-modified to run the original way on only this platform and later. The performance degradation at least would move into hardware instead of software. For me writing Python is fast, until you need to rewrite it when you inevitably refactor. For Python that's an agony, for me. Even if its not decentralized I can still clone all the code in the centralized version control system. If that were true you can compare back to when we didn't spend money on fighting terrorism. Has it changed much? No not really. Terrorism is not a (major) problem in the world if looking at major causes of human loss of life. You don't seem to understand what Steganography is and how it works. Perhaps you should read that article. You cannot produce illegal information out of non-illegal information without having that illegal information somewhere else to use as a key. Did you ever take an engineering ethics course? One of the things talked about is the monetary value placed on a human life. You can't make that value infinitely high or literally nothing can happen. You also don't want it super low. Right. That would have the correct feedback to properly represent what a poor investment investing in students actually is (not a good investment). This would cause interest rates for student loans to be much higher and there would be more rigor in who is allowed a loan. > why pro-diversity hiring policies are not necessarily racist Supreme court has also ruled that opposing them because they are racist is also not racist. > It has come to this. Called upon to explore the jurisprudential twilight zone between two errant lines of precedent, we confront a frighteningly bizarre question: Does the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment forbid what its text plainly requires? Needless to say (except that this case obliges us to say it), the question answers itself. “The Constitution proscribes government discrimination on the basis of race, and state-provided education is no exception.” Grutter v. Bollinger, 539 U. S. 306, 349 (2003) (Scalia, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part). It is precisely this understanding—the correct understanding—of the federal Equal Protection Clause that the people of the State of Michigan have adopted for their own fundamental law. By adopting it, they did not simultaneously offend it. What? No those are the same thing. Why is an API suddenly not copyrightable if its 0x51234 offset 5 bits, vs human readable text? That is nonsense. Numbers and words should not be treated differently. What if I named my function 015342342(String 123949)? How does that change anything? Holy strawman batman. Yes everything is literally the fault of Republican politicians. You forget that Democrat politicians care just as little about NASA if not even less. Politicians care that its "made here". Support for NASA is entirely bipartisan with supporters and opponents on both sides of the isle. "Mark Zuckerberg Employee Helped Cambridge Analytica Before It Harvested Data" I mean this is getting a bit silly. Why didn't they just say "Palintir Employee". So he wasn't a "Peter Thiel Employee" either then. Can't have your cake and eat it too. False. USB-C cannot be fatal. Thank you. Someone in this thread finally gets this correct. This is impressive but not in the way people think. I suggest trying to understand turbulence and what it is and how little harm it can cause the aircraft. (Look at wing bend test videos on how much the wing can flex before failure.) The best way out of anxiety is to convince your psyche that nothing wrong is possible. Automotive companies don't usually write large amounts of their own software for infotainment, vehicle controls, machine learning, factory systems engineering and the actual embedded programming for the electronics. Yes Tesla is a software company. They hire a huge amount of software engineers. Is Apple not a software company because they make phones and give away all their software for those phones for free like Tesla does? You make the assumption that people won't give them more money. False. NVidia is not supplying off-the-shelf DRIVE systems. They supply the chips that go on them but the board design and manufacturing is by Tesla. What a distorted way of looking at things. You don't make money by cheating people out of something. You make money by doing something people want you to do. (Or doing something they didn't know they wanted you to do.) If the sudden taxes kill the company, then certainly. It's in the US's best interest for them to avoid those taxes because if they don't then the US loses out on taxing future profits of that company. Everything has germs... The idea that you can get rid of them is flawed. Thus starts the demographic inversion. Hopefully we can fix it before we go the way of Japan. The downside of "the way of Japan" is that they'll shortly have no one to pay for all the old people. Keeping old people alive is expensive. In the US young people pay old people's social security income. You see how many people are talking about the aging baby boomers right? Imagine that but much worse. Because having a family is a good way to a happy life. It's literally the oldest most out of date Linux distro available (even this update), so probably. CentOS recently added Python 2.7 instead of Python 2.6... There are open source 3d party applications on Linux that I've used to access 1Password password archives. The code is closed source but everything they're using to encrypt the passwords are open standards. You can build your own 3rd party open source platform to access them. It's certainly a hindrance. I can't look at core dumps from code running in Europe now. It's a mess. No it has no basis in reality. It's a figment of the writer's imagination (and yours too if you believe it). What promise did he not keep to you? > To buy a company with the pure goal of extracting any short term value with the intent of destroying it seems to be a long term societal ill that should be regulated out of existence. If a company is on its last legs, what is wrong with extracting money from it before killing it? Trying to keep dead-companies-walking afloat would be even worse. > What if hedge funds just happen to get larger than anyone else in the spaces they operate in, precisely by executing this technique, such that there's no "someone else" who would offer more money? Companies buy companies all the time. Hedge funds, in the grand scheme of things, are not that incredibly large compared to other companies. Also, companies making acquisitions have effectively unlimited funds to do so by taking out loans in order to buy companies. They can also buy companies without even exchanging money by converting stock in a larger ratio, effectively inflating the company's value in order to buy it. So what you're saying doesn't make sense. > An analogy: you're essentially saying that it's "the best thing to do" to date a vampire and let them suck out all your blood, because if there were a better partner for you to date than a vampire, surely such a partner would be more attractive than the vampire is, and would try harder to date you than the vampire is. Companies aren't people. If the board of investors wants to sell to a vampire it means that they're actually gaining the most value by selling to that vampire themselves. People need to stop looking at companies as monolithic wholes and actually as the sum intentions of the owners of the companies, the investors. > This was my point. A vampire, mythologically, can compel a human to obey it: despite the human realizing that it'd really be a dumb idea to let something suck out all of your blood, it's still just really hard to resist letting the vampire do that. There is, I suppose, what might in modern language be called a "superstimulus"—something which causes some part of your brain to override the rest, despite the rest of the brain screaming "no." You're viewing this as somehow negative. The investors gain by selling, they don't lose. There is no "sucking of blood" that occurs. > Likewise, these hedge funds offer the ultimate opportunity to make a change that is good for investors at the expense of employees. Employees are often part shareholders at these companies. They gain as well. > I've never heard of a co-op agreeing to be acquired by a hedge fund; have you? Try a google search, http://www.bbc.com/news/business-41344946 I assume you don't know any people born in the last 15 years or so. Emoji communication (using just emojis) is quite common, often several in a row. That claims you know what's going on at Tesla, which you don't. So you can't make such a statement. Just to correct you here, most of that $6 Billion is tax relief on future taxes. You can't account those yet. Yes, but it existed before the game or Disney were around. Yeah its pretty nonsense to make this claim. You should talk to literally everyone in Silicon Valley where macbooks/macbookpros are the standard system for developers to use. I mean Chicago is literally investing nothing in this. So there's nothing they're betting here. Their "bet" basically is that they don't need to spend any more money on transit. The worst case is they're in exactly the same situation they are now. The loop system isn't about purely shuttling people to and from the heart of the city. Look up a bit on how it works. They're not being paid for the job so why shouldn't they be allowed to try? If it's so profitable then why didn't any other companies set up a competing line in the first place? The perversion happened long ago if the city prevented any competition from stepping in before the city finally decided to move. In general companies are faster movers than governments in these types of things. If that didn't happen then something prevented them from being able to do so. The corrupted politicians are to blame here for blocking other companies from competing, not the business. The most common emoji I see among kids is (Face With Tears of Joy) or (OK Hand) (apparently ycombinator doesn't support UTF-8). I don't know of any ascii that can do those. (FYI, I'm 28 and I often chat with my younger cousins who are in their mid-teens at the moment.) Yes but you can't browse Facebook videos without a Facebook account. You can view them if people directly link them, but viewing someone's video page is blocked, let alone actually searching for videos. Sounds like you have a short position on the stock? Do you mind revealing if you have any position on TSLA? Disclaimer: I hold TSLA stock. This meaning of production is different than what you're thinking of. In factories "production" is the assembly line itself. > I have no problem believing that a disgruntled employee sabotaged part of the production line. But I do have a problem believing that all of the problems since the Model 3 started production were caused by sabotage. No such claim was made. So your entire post begs of fear mongering. No they use their own home-brewed management system. This isn't a code repository... You're a sad little man. Was he blue-collar? The stuff he performed sounds more like white-collar engineer. No its not. If you're making stuff up you're not a whistleblower. Glad to hear they're suing him. The interesting question is if he was hired by some outside agency to join Tesla to do this. He was only at the company for 3-4 months before "complaining of not getting a raise". That's a very short period of time. My bet is that is that's a lie to hide the real reason. Hopefully they get access to his call history to see what companies he communicated with. Also shame on the author for Editorializing the title. The true article title is "Tesla sues ex-employee for hacking, theft, and leaking to the press" Transferred instead of being promoted, to be precise. Sorry Musk did NOT claim that. Stop inventing things to just to satisfy your ego against Tesla. Good grief. Troll somewhere else please. There is no citation. Animats is making things up to satisfy his hatred of Tesla. $100,000 in sales is a very low bar. That's equivalent to a business with a single employee, the owner, and they're probably not making a livable wage yet. You're nitpicking this too much. "guy" is used by women and men, and probably others as well though I haven't heard it personally. Those are the cases that Supreme Court likes to take on. It's called rule of law, not rule of monarch (monarchy) or rule of mob (pure democracy). Pointless. Solar panels have nothing hazardous in them and anything worthwhile in them cannot be recycled without extensive processing. Context: https://huitema.wordpress.com/2017/09/12/cracking-the-sni-en... Yes but they could state those in the error message. They don't so people are left to their own conclusions on why things were blocked. Especially if you're not technically savvy, the reason why something isn't submitted is because someone physical human blocked you from submitting it. I can't count the number of times people hated on game servers being laggy simply blaming it as the company trying to save money by using cheap servers when the actual cause is likely any number of network congestion issues. People will anthropomorphize any technical issue. So was the crash from 1k to 200... Those are the worst illustrations I've ever seen in an article. Just wow... https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/imm8kKJFsMQ... You don't think there would be any trade in antiques? Even in the modern world, just because we can reproduce something exactly doesn't mean there are many people willing to spend lots of money on something that is unreproducible. Depends on the orbit it's in. If it's high enough, it will last long past your death. Whether it keeps working that long, probably not. Radiation damage accumulates reasonably rapidly and most cubesats don't live more than a few years, if that. A lot of people don't want to live in the middle of cities. I don't understand why people who live in cities think everyone wants to live there. I want to own several acres of land to have room to do the things I want to do. I don't want to live in a condo where I have to be careful about noise levels and with no ability to have a big party at my house because of lack of room for the guests. I've seen two different posts come on to this thread to comment about D. It makes me wonder what's going on if they need come in and say 'But wait D is good too!' whenever Rust is talked about. Where's your data to back up that a manned mission would be a trillion dollars? You can't just throw out random numbers and then use the random numbers you guessed at as a reason to not do something. Which shows in how they don't create companies that massively reinvent society. They get killed in the cradle before anything can occur. Above examples of massive world reinvention have all been in the US. Western Europe is extremely crowded with very few areas away from any amount of population. That SSD is the fastest SSD in any computer currently available. > Thou shalt heretofore use USB-C and dongles or will be sent to dongle Hell That's a temporary state of affairs. Perl isn't doing any decompression. The data is just stored in base64 encoding. It's not compressed. It's run length encoding which is an encoding, not compression. Why is it ethical to censor speech just to cater to the whims of totalitarian government? Sundar Pichai didn't grow up in a free country but also didn't know the harm of a totalitarian government. He neither values the concepts of freedom of speech nor knows personally the harms of the lack of it. 754mm^2 = 1.17 square inches. That's a die size that's bigger than a postage stamp. Pure raytracing sure, but raytracing assisted by other methodologies can get you farther. Imagine doing low resolution ray tracing and then compositing that information with other rendering techniques. If you raytrace then interpolate you can get really really good. Hell no. Google is well known to monitor literally everything about you. Don't you remember the mess with Red Shell monitoring software that was added to games? The games that still have that have incredibly bad ratings still. Unless game devs are going to not support Mac, Apple is deprecating OpenGL so they'll need to use Metal. Welcome to software development? Doesn't matter where I've worked. The software is always terrible. You're welcome to try. https://bugcrowd.com/tesla You can google the files, hardly "dark web". Rather than trying to re-invent plastics they should just be making the base stocks directly. In theory you can suck in carbon dioxide and build your own carbon chains to make anything you want. Or they could just keep making them as they've always done. Not everything needs to change, just most things. That's pretty disgusting from an American point of view. It's unfortunate that they don't have such rights. I guarantee that almost any device you ever use in your day to day life has network-facing C code, if it has a network connection at all. What language do you think router/switch firmware is written in? Just because the language has low language feature count doesn't make it a competitor to C. Well this won't stand court challenges hopefully. It's dreadful that they ever passed this law. It's demeaning to women and simply will make people think that any woman on a board of directors is there for the sake of being the token woman to fulfill the requirements of the law. EEOC: https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/types/sex.cfm > The law forbids discrimination when it comes to any aspect of employment, including hiring, firing, pay, job assignments, promotions, layoff, training, fringe benefits, and any other term or condition of employment. Even if they argue a loophole "directors aren't employees thus aren't subject to discrimination law" then that will simply result in companies outside California (and considering most corporations are registered as Delaware C-Corporation, that's most of them) openly legally discriminating in selection of board members. Why are we signing and creating laws purely for symbolism? All chargers are not created equal. "Planning" to build something is not building it. 350kW is a lot of energy and you need to pay for all the power electronics to run that much DC power. I have no doubt the'll start building chargers but I think the ramp up will be slower and the power levels will be lower than what people think. Most cars can't even charge at 350kW because their batteries are too small. You'd damage the batteries. In the US they can't even be used because the plug is different. Even if it weren't the superchargers access Tesla's services to hand over payment information when you plug in. I would say that depends on if they are indeed facts. You have to keep in mind that apple is going to dogfood any potential "iPad as workstation" product with it's own developers. If their own developers jump out in rage then they'll fix it before release. The title can be misleading if it is not read literally (or your brain tries to fill in extra information). This is testing the effects of gravity on antimatter, NOT antigravity testing. Yes. And it's a difficult question to ask because the effects of gravity on subatomic particles is incredibly hard to measure. Thats why they need to make anti-hydrogen to remove the effects of other forces on the particles because it's electrically neutral. If it touches matter of any kind it will instantly annihilate so you need near perfect vacuums, without electric/magnetic fields. I find it curious they implemented it themselves instead of using a standard library like OpenSSL/LibreSSL. Well this is indeed Mundane. This is just a Rust frontend to an OpenSSL fork. There's nothing of major interest here and not sure why it's getting attention. There are already Rust frontends to OpenSSL. Perl is used to generate the final assembly files so they can be adapted between different x86_64 variants/systems/assemblers. That's because creation of new housing is highly restricted in Silicon Valley because of high regulation and very restrictive zoning laws. And additionally all the money that would be going to the low income is getting sucked out by the continuous raising of the minimum wage, greatly restricting the size of the labor market at the low end resulting in higher unemployment. Silicon Valley has a multi-fold problem. 1. Housing is expensive because of the influx of people immigrating to the state from out of state and also out of country. (I'm one of them.) This causes a housing shortage which will naturally drive up price of housing. 2. The housing prices don't come down because California in general has very restrictive zoning laws, especially in the most expensive areas, that prevent building of sufficient housing density to cover demand. This in turn drives housing development further outside of the bay area forcing long commute times and highway usage. 3. Because of the high cost of living (primarily from housing, food/etc is not significantly more expensive) from the above problems the solution proposed is to greatly raise the minimum wage, now hitting $15 in many areas. This causes a drive to automate away simpler jobs (also providing an entry for further tech startups to automate these things) or more commonly, move the jobs out of the state via company acquisition followed by moving the administrative jobs to company headquarters located out of state or sometimes out of country. A high minimum wage reduces the available job market by putting an artificial job supply limit in place thus causing unemployment for these simpler jobs. 4. On top of this there's a loophole for illegal immigrants where companies abuse them by paying them below minimum wage because they are here illegally. (Another reason that giving a path to legal immigration for illegal immigrants would help things.) The first thing and most important thing that needs to happen is for the state to overrule local zoning laws (as opposed by the NIMBYs) and force generic zoning, allowing unrestricted housing development. Just look at the south bay area. The zoning is obvious even looking at satellite maps. Industrial areas are kept separate from housing which are kept separate from retail. This prevents natural intermixing of these causing a lot of need for road development to allow people to travel between these blocks rather than walking down the street. All apartment complexes around here are owned by Californian corporations. So yes, they're local. For example, Essex: https://www.essexapartmenthomes.com/about They're even publicly listed: NYSE:ESS Or the Irvine company, after which Irvine, California is named after because they designed the city. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irvine_Company This is because zoning laws largely prevent additional housing construction. Converting existing housing isn't blocked however so converting them to vacation rentals makes sense economically. The wage floor has been continuously getting raised. Many areas of California have the highest minimum wage laws in the country. That isn't going to solve the problem. > We could have vote-by-email (using the key registered when registering to vote). This doesn't work. You still have all the problems of denial of service, hidden hacking leaking of keys, among many other issues. This is just the process of NYC trying to drive Uber and Lyft out of the city and to force them to be expensive and bad like the taxis that existed before them. After a few years when they get bad enough they can start to blame the poor quality on "private corporations" and people will eat it up. Then they'll outright ban them and they'll be back to taxis. Check out Serde. https://serde.rs/#data-formats Lots of things are using it as well https://crates.io/crates/serde/reverse_dependencies Except C++03 isn't getting any more features added to it and neither is C++11 (which also use the year, not version number). 2015 edition will continue to get new features. But the cells were designed by Tesla. That isn't really true. The cells are not standard cells. They have their protection removed to give them more volume and also the blend of electrolytes used is also proprietary. You know we didn't have this problem back in the early 1900s. It would be helpful if regulation didn't completely eliminate the ability of unions to pool together funds and create their own mini-insurance collectives. Regulation killed that by forcing all doctors to be licensed, a very expensive process that limits the supply of doctors and nurses. San Francisco residents have extra contact with sewage than the normal person because the feces and urine that are everywhere. I think some of it is whether you're used to listening to the type of music. All those samples are types of music I don't normally listen to and thus scored 0%. They're also mostly low-information songs that are vocal-heavy. Vocal-heavy music is very easy to compress compared to say something like electronic or EDM type music which will easily create distortion with lower bitrates. You have dust/lint inside the bottom of the port that is preventing your connector from going in all the way. Get a fine tool and reach in and grab out the crud at the bottom. I had the same problem until I did this. There's not even a marketing stunt. This was a question in an interview and Elon answered offhandedly. No marketing involved. Nothing deep involved. No actual plans involved. Yes, very likely nothing will come of it as it was just an offhand comment. Yes. Directional antenna with EXTREMELY low bitrates so that the bits have a long time to accumulate any noise out of the signal. Specifically its at 160 bits per second at a transmit frequency of 8 GHz. Because this is in Rust and WebGL, not flash. My current map set up, paused. https://imgur.com/71p1H8W Many games don't have win states or shouldn't have win states. More people need to listen to what Sid Meier has said on this. That HN article was written by someone who did not know what they were talking about. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtzCLd93SyU Apple doesn't store iMessage messages in the cloud. Those are stored on the device and have end to end encryption. That has always been true and will continue to be true. You're missing the point. iCloud access can't get you access to iCloud messages. Those are encrypted on the devices and the keys are on the devices, not in Apple data centers. The account data will be in data and will be accessible, however the messages are not as those go direct device to device without ever being plaintext on Apple's servers. This is false. iCloud data doesn't contain phone call contents or iMessage data contents. Yes they gave access to metadata, but this is China where privacy basically doesn't exist, not a western country. Yes it's been done for a long time and it's trivial to do so. It's a standard course project in many computer security courses. I don't suppose there's any chance of San Francisco passing Castle Doctrine laws regarding property inside owner's vehicles? It would probably solve the problem in short order. The problem is that these thefts have no repercussions for those performing it, so of course the thefts will continue to rise. Why are people praising this monstrosity? Crazy complex non-simplifiable code is not good. Miraculously over-regulation causes supply shortages. I'm surprised this is even news. Text messages are not stored in iCloud... https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202303 There isn't a "root issue". People have gone over this ad infinitum. The "root issue" is iPhone batteries like most cell phone batteries do not last more than several hundred recharge cycles and especially when under high load the power will be insufficient to maintain full phone performance without the phone suddenly shutting off. On Android your phone simply shuts off on high load on old batteries. Apple gracefully fails rather than hard crashes. This is a good thing, not a bad thing. Apple gave out free upgrades because people perceived it as if Apple had done something wrong so out of good will they gave free upgrades. Current phones will do the exact same thing given time. If you don't even understand the basics of electric car ownership you should really do some reading. People who don't have at work charging or at home charging are not the market for electric cars. A few people do, but very few Tesla owners I've heard of actually have neither. If you're buying a $35,000+ car why are you living in an apartment instead of using that towards a down payment on a condo or a house? Much as you wish it were the case electric battery power does not have enough power density for mass aircraft transit yet. They're much too heavy. We're getting there but we're still a good decade away. You're certainly not going to get supersonic airliners with electric aircraft. (Elon Musk keeps talking about it but even he states that the energy density isn't there yet.) People need to realize the difference between fiction and reality. No it doesn't. I laugh at the people who pay out the ear to skip 10 minutes in a line. Most of your time is spent emptying your pockets and unloading your suitcases into boxes and clear doesn't help with that at all. (They keep adding more and more requirements for what can't stay in your luggage.) The solution to faster air travel is to delete the TSA. The problem is you can game the comments. It's relatively easy to bot farm likes to keep your responses at the top of every single post. (Trump's posts had this problem extensively.) This is used to silence any other opinions whether positive or negative by burying them below the heavily automatically liked comments. An artist and illustrator can use fonts or create their own. Amazing chain of data transfer there. Likely with each one obeying their individual terms but the terms being lessened at each step of the line. AT&T/Verizon/T-Mobile --> Zumigo --> Microbilt --> Bail bond company --> Bounty Hunter --> Motherboard All you're doing is moving that from T-Mobile/AT&T/Verizon to Google, who will sell the information at the drop of a hat for the exact same reason. You're not guaranteeing anything at all. In fact you're probably making yourself less safe as Google is going to have less protections than a cell phone company. steveklabnik is leaving Mozilla so... https://words.steveklabnik.com/thank-u-next That's not trivial and different languages vary in how they handle new line characters even. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44995851/how-do-i-check-... > I have a petrol car that I fill up completely whenever I am at a petrol station, why should someone not do this for an electric car? Because batteries asymptotically charge. The closer you are to 100% the slower they charge. The optimum way to drive is to stop frequently for short stops (5-10 minutes or so) and rapidly refill the battery while grabbing a snack or using your phone, and then continue. That's because people are still using their phone indoors. The instant you pull into the garage you plug in, as a matter of practice, before you enter the house. I have no idea why you'd forget that unless some kind of emergency was going on. I'm rather surprised so many comments here fundamentally misunderstand EVs and think that this bloomberg story is representative of long distance trips with EVs. It's not and no one should consider it as such. She needlessly charged to 100% when she didn't have to and did zero research on the car she was using. The article is a farce. I live in San Jose and boring is _good_. I don't want parties up and down the street and stuff happening all night outside my windows. I don't even live in downtown San Jose, but in northern San Jose in the middle of a tech park. There's nothing around, and that's a good thing. I had an internship in San Francisco before I graduated, I'm never living in that city. > I hate those scooters. Went running with some friends in San Jose a few days ago and they were scattered all over the sidewalks. A real hazard for pedestrians. I'm sure you can walk around them. Calling them "real hazards" is stretching things to a ridiculous level. Yes they're messy, but they're not hazards. I think you're already a bit late. https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/3dkk8k/how-las-tr... C++ has deterministic garbage collection. This is constantly being misreported. No. They. Do. Not. Apple's data is kept on the device and so are the keys. If you enable that data to be put on the cloud (it's an opt-in) then they will also store the key, but otherwise they do not. None of the data you describe ever leaves the device unless you opt in to syncing it to iCloud (which is not on by default). The FaceID/Fingerprint never leaves the device and if you don't enable iCloud syncing of the other data off the device the data is unreachable with keys kept on the device. Humans will not go extinct even in the worst version of global warming. I really hate this hyperbole because it's easily disproven and simply gives fuel to deniers. Please don't use such hyperbole. It's almost like... you get what you pay for. If you don't want weird stuff happening, don't skimp on price and go for an actual hotel. That's the key piece of information that's missing here. If you start complaining constantly about things not related to your job then yes you're going to be an earsore. > This isnt specialized knowledge. If you know how to program, you can write a BFS. Are you fucking kidding me? A BFS is incredibly specialized. You almost never need them and you WILL forget them after a few years on a job because you never once have to use it. What kind of fantasy land are you living in? > I think developers complain way to much about the interview process. The fact of the matter is that it's very clear what type of questions will be asked for most technical interviews and there is a wealth of resources available to prepare. The ROI on spending a couple of weeks preparing is definitely worth the possibility of a substantial raise at a big technology company. If you can learn to be an expert interviewee in a couple weeks then what's the point of the questions? If they're testing such simple easily gained but useless knowledge (as noted by requiring you to study for it) then how does it even filter out good candidates from poor ones? Why does that matter? A lot of my forum posts from 2004 are still around. Also web archive exists meaning that all those sites are being archived even if the site hosting that content disappears. You should watch this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PmM6SUn7Es Organic food is negligibly different from non-organic food and is generally worse for the environment because of the additional resources required for it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PmM6SUn7Es Antibiotics don't cause animals to grow faster.... Please stop stating fake information as fact. > I was not trying to suggest that You were by simply stating it. It's the same type of saying-but-not-saying lines that the media uses like "if this allegation proves to be true" or similar such phrases. The fact that you state it suggests to the reader that people think it. If it was an honest mistake in wording on your part that's one thing, but you should probably avoid using such phrasing. Look at all the people responding to the post you responded to saying that Apple did it. There's no reason to give a forum for such ideas. You're correct but don't let anything get in the way of ycombinator users blaming evil large corporations for problems. Most of the top posts appear to have not even read the article that was posted. The reason things have changed is because of knock-on effects from Huawei, IMO. Foxconn would be in a very similar situation if they had proceeded. There's no "sunk cost" here. The billions Foxconn would get are in lack of taxes. If there's no profit made there's no taxes to collect and give rebates on. I'm really getting tired of people confusing tax rebates vs tax deductions vs outright grants. Tax rebates are you get $X off your taxes. No profit, no rebate. There's no grants going on here. No it was not subsidized. You're making the same claims as those that claim that Nevada subsidized the Tesla Gigafactory that the backwards right likes to make. Don't fall for the same fallacies. > or even worse, your ISP-provided router or decade old middleware router on the Internet. I can guarantee you that middleware will continue to exist. If they need to they'll force QUIC connections to terminate and switch to TLS 1.3. There's no way that companies will allow encrypted communications leaving their companies en-masse without being able to decrypt the content. Even more so for any totalitarian state governments that need to spy on their citizens.. You can't decrypt the traffic. You can however monitor it at a point that traffic has already been decrypted. SMS messages are not encrypted and email is only encrypted between you and your email provider whether that email goes on to its final email recipient server encrypted or not is entirely up to the email provider. Well they decided to not only make it closed source but also lock it up behind a http frontend so you can't even reverse engineer it. Criticizing Google for shuttering things suddenly that companies are depending on is rightly justified. Surely the SEC has something better to do than attack someone for tweeting. Your comment should have stayed dead, I don't know how you revived it. The board of directors demanding he delete his Twitter account is pointless. He would just refuse. Secondly, this has nothing to do with the FCC. Thirdly, your personal hatred of Twitter is completely off topic. Canned by the company yes, not canned by the government. Sorry that's simply false. You have all your freedoms. You can get fired for exercising them but that doesn't mean you don't have them. If the shareholders wanted to fire Elon Musk they would, but they aren't so the SEC should butt out of the issue. Government being vindictive would count as evidence against the government, not for it. Except that was already public information. How about go after things that actually cause harm? The SEC should stop protecting those who wish to harm Tesla and actually act on behalf of shareholders. The shareholders don't want Elon out. If they did they would have voted him out. Shareholders have not been losing money from these tweets. The short sellers have been. The SEC should not be protecting those who are harming a company and who are not share holders. If anything the TSLA shareholders should sue the SEC for material damage because of these attacks. Finally, the guidance wasn't 400k, it was 300k-500k. So this was already public information. Thank you for bringing this up. Uber and Lyft are already taxed. Taxing them more doesn't solve anything. Making the standard library ever bigger is not a good solution. Self-standardizing with independent packages is a much better idea. Something like a graphics library should NEVER go in a standard library. A graphics API is not one of those holes though. Filesystem library already exists. https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/filesystem I agree for the most part, but we should only really be adding standard libraries for things that people normally have to fall back to the C standard library/POSIX code for when writing C++ code. Things like filesystem operations was one of those. Threading was another. Networking is probably another. Format strings I would not include in that, though updating the existing string formatting libraries for the newer C++11 concepts would be a good idea. Rust doesn't use a runtime so how is this relevant? And it doesn't move anything you don't store on iCloud. So don't store things on iCloud and there's nothing they can access. For example iMessage messages aren't on iCloud in clear text unless you enable that feature. If this was true, you wouldn't know about it. The ones eating San Francisco alive are the local officials that block the building of additional housing. Those people are elected by NIMBYs that want to pour amber all over San Francisco and freeze it in time, like the author of this article. The best optimism available is to collapse the bubble that is Silicon Valley and get prices back to a reasonable value. Any software company looking to incorporate should stay out of Silicon Valley and San Francisco in particular. "Net Neutrality" is one of the biggest misinformation campaigns I've ever seen in my life. I've never seen so many predictions of doom and gloom over such a small thing. More so those opinions put out by non-technical people to mislead non-technical people. We've never had "net neutrality" and we never will. Doing so goes against how the internet fundamentally works. All packets are not the same. QoS exists and will always exist. Internet companies can't consume all the bandwidth and not pay for it. This has always been about Silicon Valley vs ISPs with ISPs wanting to charge the actual cost of service and Silicon Valley wanting a free ride to all of the ISPs customers. No customer will ever see any change from the creation of nor lack of net neutrality. Lol. Yes, BGP/CDNs/QoS and constant deployment of new protocols like TLS 1.3 or QUIC is incredibly simple. If you don't know how something works, that doesn't mean it's simple. Net Neutrality has nothing to do with free market nor equal opportunity. If anything, it hinders new entrants because it entrenches the interests of Netflix and similar companies that dominate all internet traffic. Net Neutrality has always and will always be about Netflix and similar companies not wanting to be billed for constantly increasing the costs of the ISPs. Pro-net neutrality is pro-regulatory capture for companies like Netflix. No free market capitalist would ever be for regulatory capture. No it's not. Net Neutrality is the idea that large bandwidth users should not be charged when they cause most of the cost of the ISPs. Netflix and similar countries want to be able to grow forever and not be billed for the required hardware growth that ISPs need to put out to support those companies products. ISPs should be able to charge for that. An ISP doesn't bill you for how many bits you download because data traffic is extremely peaky, way more peaky than water or electricity. If they build their network assuming a certain amount of peakiness and then everyone suddenly massively blows out those estimates because some new company comes along that massively uses more data, someone needs to get charged for that. That cost should fall on the company causing that so they can properly set the price of their product to how much data traffic they drive. > Charging more for higher bandwidth or data usage because of the application is not allowed under NN. ISPs would never charge customers depending on the product because measuring that is practically impossible. They never even wanted to do that nor advocated doing so (this was a major source of misinformation put out by the pro-net neutrality camp). What they do want to do is bill the service, namely very large companies that use tons of data, for example earlier Netflix, for the cost of the infrastructure build out they need to do. They're not interested in small companies that produce small amounts of data, nor the end users. They're interested in recouping infrastructure costs from those that drive it upward, which isn't end customers. Probably, but I'd prefer we not have to kill people to do it. And that value is 25 Gauss (0.0025 Tesla), which isn't all that high. Run a neodymium magnet across it and it's going to affect it. 25 Gauss is only half of what a standard fridge magnet would even give you. F5 has a few hundred person office in San Jose as well as a decent amount in Tel Aviv as well. It's not a memory safe language though. I hope they can included TWBT as the multi-level view is kind of needed for any proper graphics visualization. RimWorld doesn't really compare. The world is dead comparatively. * Simplistic world generation that doesn't really have a concept of weather or geography/climate. * No liquid simulation (water/lava) with little physics simulation (falling/flying objects etc) * Simplistic combat simulation * No world politics simulation that dictates what happens in the world * No 3D is the biggest one. RimWorld is Dwarf Fortress as it was a decade ago with a single 2D sheet. It's good but it doesn't have the same kind of emergent feel that DF has. It feels a lot less alive compared to DF. IT wasn't inevitable. There's nothing that's found to be unsafe about the aircraft. If anything it shows that airlines in other countries don't train their pilots properly. MCAS can be disabled by an easily visible switch directly in the cockpit and you can override it with manual trim control as well. The Lion aircraft that crashed before was having MCAS problems _FOUR_ flights repeatedly before the one that crashed. Third world aircraft maintenance combined with poor pilot training and non-idiot proof software made these disasters happen. It's not something that would happen in the US or any other first world country. Isn't it more that the rest of the world is susceptible to political winds (US plane) and the FAA is just holding the course? No. Tarn is modifying Dwarf Fortress to support the graphics and sound. Kitfox/graphics people will tell Tarn what they need to support the graphics/sound and he'll add it. Rimworld is also a MUCH simpler game. It's simpler to the point when I played it Rimworld felt "dead" as compared to how "alive" the DF simulation felt. Tripp wasn't a whistleblower. Another example of Android learning from Apple. How did the pilots not think about trim controls... This is BASIC piloting. If you are experiencing pressure on the control stick you adjust trim. How were the pilots this inept? That's incorrect, these have haptic feedback, once you grasp it, it's not going to fight you. It looks for resistance and if it sees the resistance it doesn't continue. Just to be clear this is not "an uncontrolled dive problem". The amount of misreporting on this incident is maddening. When trim is adjusted you can feel it in the controls as the control stalk will put increasing pressure against you because of the trimmed controls. If you get increasing pressure on your controls the correct response is to adjust the trim to stop it. This is not a problem for any competent pilot. Why didn't the pilots adjust the trim manually? I don't understand how any pilot would consider increasing control pressure to be normal and not automatically respond by manually adjusting the trim. Except that's not what occurred. They had control of the aircraft. The controls were never inoperative. Attitude != Angle of Attack. False. A gyroscope can be used to determine the orientation of a body. Cockpit voice recordings are never released. You may be thinking of recordings of conversations with ATC. Good reason why it's a good idea to use alternatives that don't upload/record all voice data to the cloud. The Rust ABI isn't fixed and it uses LLVM. That's like asking if there's hardware architectures optimized for LLVM. I went from iPhone 5 to iPhone XS and I thought I would have problems with it's size but it's not so bad. It's not too large comparatively. Seems like an easy way to commit fraud. They copy down the numbers and then you walk way with your merchandise/product and then use apple to revoke the card number. People worry too much about radiation. A year's worth of background radiation is not that much radiation. This is a ridiculous article. The housing market in Japan is drastically different than the US. Notably most people don't live in nor buy used houses. When you buy a house it's with the intent to tear it down and build a new house. The houses are built cheaply with minimal insulation and no internal air (every room is heated/cooled independently, if at all, often with gas burning heaters that emit the exhaust directly into the room). When the wind blows it blows through the building. Houses don't last more than a few decades and are torn down. Houses are depreciating assets in Japan, like cars. Edit: Yes we need to deregulate and dezone housing laws, especially in major metropolitan areas in the US, however that's not what causes Japanese housing to be cheap. It's apples and oranges and different expectations among the populace on what a house even is. No the reason housing is cheap is because housing is a depreciating asset because of poor construction quality. Has anyone just considered farming these? Those houses have insulation in the walls and when the wind blows it doesn't blow through the building. Oh and they have internal heating. It tries to make the claim that Japanese house building is for some reason superior when in reality its just shoddy construction turning an appreciating asset into a depreciating one. If the house value stays flat then that's unusual, they usually lose value over time. Yeah this article is a bit ridiculous. Pen testing is what security researchers do. It's a proverbial mountain out of a molehill. The Intercept longs for its Snowden glory days. Seems a market that is ripe for Tesla's entry into it with the Model 3. That might be why they're getting so much Chinese government sponsorship. That was done intentionally to insulate the smaller/less populated states from the control of larger/more populated states. Yes. These will eventually cool into so-called "black dwarfs" that emit very little light. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_dwarf They cool so slowly because they are so dense it's very hard for energy to escape. No. But the CEO of Tesla doesn't do that either. (They can't tell the reason for the crash remotely, they extract the data directly, in person, with physical access to the car.) I don't think you understand the car if you want to turn off the ability for the car to improve the software. You can't have a free market competition of government services. It's not free market competition when its companies competing over _providing_ a service mandated by law. That can never happen. Just as private prisons can't be free market (providing a service mandated by government law) you can't provide tax services in a free market environment because it's required by law. Well this was mostly a US-run effort. It's headed by Harvard University and the key South Pole Telescope is North American. https://eventhorizontelescope.org/ is hosted in the US and the linked image links to a Harvard.edu web server. I'm really not happy to see this. This further entrenches people into Google's AI platform where all the input data will be harvested for ad revenue and even further profiling of human data. Laws enshrining natural rights of privacy of personal data can't come soon enough. SpaceX is not subsidized, unless you were referring to SpaceIL. Humans have flaws. Elon is no different in that respect. Why was it written in C instead of Rust/C++? Additionally why are there a bunch of generic sounding Chinese names in the comments with dead comments? Bot comments/SEO? Because Chinese companies don’t have anything that wasn’t stolen from western countries. Oh and NSA doesn’t pass stolen information to private companies. That’s what China does. When he says "version" he means "version". Are you taking "version" to mean "edition"? No matter how many version upgrades the rust compiler gets it will still compile 2015 edition (and 2018 edition) code. I'll counter this with the success of Japan because the Japanese railway companies own all the land around the stations and lease it out to companies and improve that land because they own it. That's a myth. Leaded solder is completely safe for those soldering with it. You're never exposed to any lead fumes. Lead in solder is only a concern for the environment when the product is thrown away and that lead gets exposed to animal life. Apple products have been lead-free for more than a decade. Solids also have a vapor pressure. Yes you've increased the vapor pressure, but you're way below the temperature where significant vapors are released. No. There's no lead in the solder firstly, and secondly even if it was all leaded solder, it's not going to vaporize and deposit on the oven. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WagAKBuc_o Yes they're quite bright but more consistent in their brightness, but any ICBM is going to detonate quite a lot higher. Yes of course you alert the public. There's systems already in place for this. Ever since the 50s. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emergency_Alert_System There was no "Unsworth lie". There was Elon saying some very unkind things after Unsworth personally attacked him. Neither thing is appropriate, but let's not pretend this wasn't a tit-for-tat. We don't have open source implantable medical devices either. I find anyone using Go for networking code bizarre. It's bizarre to me the language ever caught on especially because all their design goals are explicitly the wrong goals. Their goal was to make a "simple like C" language which simply disguises the complexity in writing software. Go simply punts complexity to technical debt of any project and assumes you will throw out your code after a year of using it. Good on NPM for firing them. A union would have killed them. > Or at the very least users should be able to turn off forking ability in the repo settings. This is absurd. You don't have to use the "fork" button to copy a repository. It's as simple as cloning it and pushing it. Such a restriction servers no purpose at all. These firms are very questionably private. They're heavily funded by the Chinese government. Just because there's more than one does not make a company private. Perhaps you can expand it so that most software developers can use it? The fact that capital gains are excluded from the e-file is really frustrating when the majority of us have RSUs/ESPPs. Unfortunately it's useless to almost all software developers/engineers in the state because they don't include capital gains. The IRS already provides a free-file option, you just need to spend more time reading instructions. https://www.irs.gov/e-file-providers/before-starting-free-fi... Not sure what all the hate is here. If you're not completely uneducated, you can figure this out yourself. That's when Uber Black is an option. Which is around what traditional taxis used to cost. That's rediculous. If a market with 0 profit opportunities exists them time is frozen and all future innovation is impossible. It means that every possible inefficiency of every single person working has been removed. Humans are never perfect beings, and usually far from it, so there is always opportunity for more efficiency. Also the goalpoint is constantly moving as more technology is created to replace older ideas. If we ever reach a so called "optimal market" as you describe it then GDP growth will also stop, as will personal income growth and all manner of things.. > What I find most sad is that most of the people on HN will rail against how evil Google is (or any other company) yet happily use their Open Source code and not complain that they're benefiting from what they claim to despise. There's no logical contradiction in attacking a company for doing bad things with the open source software they wrote and instead praise company who use that software for good. Software is not good or evil, it's how the company/people that use it that determines good vs evil. Can this easily be ported to Rust? Contracts for services delivered is not the same as monetary grants for basic startup development. SpaceX launched 4 rockets without an ounce of federal money. Every voice counts! Bring it up with your manager and help push the message up the chain! The github license is irrelevant here because they don't own the code. So there's no point in even mentioning that. The part where it's leaving a trail is material ablating (vaporizing) off the outside of the re-entry vehicle. It's still bright after that because it's still traveling at mach 5-6 or so (very dense pointed entry vehicle that doesn't lose speed), so it maintains a superheated state where the surface is glowing white hot. There's no income limitations for what I linked. Because it's a very simple HTTP 1.1 page with a block of text wrapped in tags with fixed newlines. Preformmated text means your browser doesn't reformat it. It's not a surprise that a decent number of Bernie voters voted for Trump instead of Hillary. At least I saw a lot of highly upvoted comments on Reddit from people saying they were going to do that after Bernie lost. Also good: https://www.npr.org/2017/08/24/545812242/1-in-10-sanders-pri... ArchLinux's package servers are http by default and include no https servers by default. We're a long way from disabling http. It's "not a problem" because packages are signed, but it's still http. No it does not exist yet. This is a page devoted to pulling both private and public funding and something to wave in front of Congresscritters' eyes. That was also my initial thought. It's hard finding it in California but found one place (Rick's Ice Cream in Palo Alto) that sells it in the bay area. They'll launch this paper lander on their paper rocket (New Glenn). Nothing exciting here because there's no hardware being built yet. Unlike Bezos, Elon Musk actually gets things done. Bezos still hasn't done anything that SpaceShipOne didn't do in 2004 (and that carried people, unlike their current rocket). Their little hopper rocket is leagues away from a proper orbital vehicle. Bezos hasn't given any timelines for New Glenn (their first orbital rocket). People give way too much praise to Bezos. That's not to mention all the blatant patent trolling and lobbying that Blue Origin/Bezos is engaged in which constantly tries to hinder SpaceX. (Ex: Trying to patent landing on a barge to stop SpaceX doing it. Ex: Successfully lobbying several congresspeople to delay down selection of launch vehicles for military launches (but failed to delay it).) Blue Origin is big on talk and little on action. 1. Stop using 'git add .' This is a bad habit I see people keep suggesting to new git users. Stop recommending it and stop doing it. 2. Never store your password in .git/config. Why are you doing that? That shouldn't be stored in .git/config. The problem is "lithium batteries" is too wide category. There are vastly different chemistries that just happen to have lithium in them that all get grouped into "lithium batteries". All those applications you mention, for most they each have their own dedicated chemistry. This is a good approachable article that goes over all the common types of lithium batteries. https://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/types_of_lithium... > Amazing that Solar Roof got so much news coverage for what, in the end, amounted to practically nil. I know engineers who work on Solar Roof and it's definitely not "nil". It's still scaling up. Just give it more time. It's still going through revisions. Keep in mind that when they sell this it needs to last for 50 years on someone's roof. It can't be defective. Tesla does not buy batteries from Panasonic. They joint manufacture a cell of Tesla design. The cell design is Tesla IP, not Panasonic's. Solar panels sell pretty good for how low the electricity price is. The main reason for that is that solar energy is a lot better for large portions of the US than it is in Europe. See: https://globalsolaratlas.info/?c=32.518447,-36.524111,3 Texas is one of the leading points of growth of Solar at the moment, interestingly, combined with it's low natural gas and fossil fuel cost. The fact that Germany invested a ton in solar is kind of ridiculous compared to how poorly suited they are for it. This is well known and has been for decades. Unlike attacks based on the internet though it’s trivial to track down people who are doing illegal broadcasts. There isn’t a concern here. This is a terrible idea! We shouldn’t allow people to arbitrarily pick scores on data they don’t even have a full picture of. Sorry that's a myth. Internal combustion engines are MUCH less efficient than any combustion based power plant. Ever notice how your engine is hot? That's all lost energy. Cars are only 25% efficient or so and the rest is lost as heat. Natural gas plants are 43% efficient and Coal is 32% efficient. Battery losses are extremely minimal and the rare earth thing is a red herring. There aren't any rare earths in batteries btw. Thousands die every day from crashes of cars that people actually drive. Trading one set of deaths for a different set of deaths with less people is a morally correct position to hold. Youtube is full of crashes prevented. Spending a few minutes on Google would show you otherwise. If you're not seeing it it's because you have refused to look. You already made up your opinion. ISPs don't (can't) have your browsing data anyway... Not sure what the point of this law is. Which isn't even technically possible in the first place. So voting to allow it doesn't do anything Then why does the Space Shuttle use Titanium with high pressure NTO? You have to understand the context of that statement. You mean a couple years ago? There hasn't been a launchpad explosion since 2016. That was resolved a long time ago. V for Vendetta becoming real. You're basically stating the plot line of Minority Report. It's not a good idea. This is one launch per year. They already launch about 20 per year for the last few years. The extra cash here is minimal. SSO != Starlink orbits. Can anyone explain/summarize who this person was? I've never heard of them. It sounds like you don't know what Rust is or how it works. Arguments like this are absurdity taken to the max. Any executive's pay is a tiny tiny fraction compared to the combined salary of all the employees. Even if you set that salary to zero and divided it up all equally to all the employees (fractionally, so those who already make more get a bigger cut) the engineers would only get a couple dollars extra. Secondly stock buybacks are similarly tiny compared to how much money a company actually has to give to its employees. Run the calculation some time. You need to be looking at revenues, not profits. You've got it quite backward. First, China halted soybean sales, US never withheld soybeans. Secondly, US withheld licensing Huawei again for tech sales, as in it blocks US companies from selling to Huawei. Blitzscaling doesn't let you produce monopolies unless you have someone constantly bankrolling the beating down of competitors. As soon as Uber runs out of other people's money then the issue stops. The fact that Lyft exists shows that they can't monopolize. I have no idea what you're talking about. Why would the airline harm their own profit just to harm Google? There's no incentive to reduce how much they'll make. More so if they know that Google is guaranteeing the price, they can raise the price higher (or not lower it when they would, rather) to keep more of the profit for themselves. And Europeans wonder why Americans hate the GDPR laws. Overreaching regulation will be implemented in a least-effort method. Maybe European regulators should have considered that before writing this law. Yes, fixed. Thanks. Edit: Apparently I can't edit it. > Dr. Parisi, who spent less than 24 hours in Cancún, was paid $2,700, or three times what he would have received from Medicare, the largest single payer of hospital costs in the United States. Private insurers often base their reimbursement rates on what Medicare pays. This is what happens when most of the actual health care cost is going to fat administrator paychecks. Not China, unless you're Chinese. Right now you want to go to less developed economies. > They haven't been in Romania, which is, like I said, a stone-throw away from Russia. And they started showing up after the start of the conflict in Ukraine. https://www.globalsecurity.org/military/facility/romania.htm They have been, in fact. You realize you're defending a government that illegally shot and attacked the person in question and then arrested and tortured him, right? After which he was released and fled back to the US for medical treatment. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Kyagulanyi_Ssentamu#Arr... This is not correct. Many productions are produced at in-between resolutions between 720p and 1080p and then upscaled to 1080p. It's even in the link you provided. Creating a thread for every connection consumes massive amount of memory and is a known anti-pattern. I'm confused, why would you care about the rust compiler size? I can't imagine a situation where this metric is useful. It only has to do that once though. Once it's built once it's cached. When you're working on code you don't even need to fully compile your own code every time. Except this is completely off topic from the article. I think this is reasonable. Corellium is committing blatant copyright violation for profit. I think this is a pretty open and shut case win for Apple. There's a strong difference between being in favor of the _right_ of freedom of speech but against specific instances of speech. They are completely different. I'm in favor of their right to go to the black market, but I'm completely against them actually going to the black market. Fair use doesn't apply when you're acting for profit and making complete copies. That's like arguing that setting up a book production shop and selling fraudulent copies of the book (for borrowing only) is "fair use". This is _quite_ unethical. They're not doomed to make their own tools from scratch. If researchers set up open source tools on how to spin up their own VM on their own system that's an entirely different situation. Until Apple has to foot the bill when someone brings one of the broken(repaired) phones into the apple store. If they had been operating an illegal business model then they would have long ago lost in court. That they've succeeded means that it's fundamentally legal... Every company other than Tesla. Their infotainment + driver assist system is quite good. You can link a Rust library to a C/C++ binary and you can link a C/C++ library to a Rust binary. https://doc.rust-lang.org/nomicon/ffi.html Notably you need to use the C ABI to call things from C++ as Rust FFI doesn't support C++ directly. This is a false article. There is no evidence SpaceX refused to move and ESA calling out the fact that they moved for a SpaceX satellite is ESA playing politics. LEO is full of space debris and satellite owners move satellites for space junk all the time. This is called political grandstanding. By international space law full liability is held by the country of launch/license. The US Government would owe the ESA a full paycheck if it was to be damaged. So this is already well covered in international law. Satellites don't "move" into each other's way. Orbits naturally end up that way. There's no one "causing the risk" in the first place. SpaceX could have just as easily asked the ESA to move their satellite as it was getting in the way of their satellite. No, because satellite orbits aren't owned or held by anyone. Not to mention all low orbits have decent amount of junk that's in the process of deorbiting. ESA collision passing distance was over 4km. So there was plenty of room between the satellites. I write C every day at a major silicon valley networking company. So it's not at all considered bad. Valgrind is runtime... You're not going to catch a double free that you don't hit on the common path. Not to mention race conditions in memory accesses. One point that's missing here, is this occurred on Labor Day weekend, a Federal US Holiday. Everyone involved would have been off of work and they were relying on the pager system. If a bug occurred in that then there would have been no one to reach. No. The only thing codified in law is that the country of launch bears the liability for the satellite. If there were a collision, the liability to ESA would be due from the US government given that the satellites launched from US soil. If it happens again, that's one thing, but happening once is bound to happen as SpaceX doesn't have experience managing this type of constellation. Not to mention it's being done by SpaceX Seattle rather than SpaceX Hawthorne, which has much less experience in this type of thing. Better it happen with a near miss (unlikely the collision would have actually occurred even if ESA had done nothing) than with an actual collision. ESA's orbit is itself constantly changing. Orbits are not fixed. They move constantly from orbital perturbation from Earth's gravity field, the moon's gravity field and, notably at these low altitudes, atmospheric drag. Again, who moved into who's path is not something you're going to determine. Yes SpaceX was lowering its orbit, but it's crossing hundreds of satellites paths by doing that, and even the orbit SpaceX satellites are in are shared by many other satellites. LEO is crowded. How did you get hired into a place that uses Rust when you don't know any? Also where do you work because I want that. If the wrong regulations are picked all it will do is entrench Google/Facebook/et al. Regulations are usually pushed by the largest of the companies in an industry as it stifles new companies from starting as large companies are much better at bearing the cost of regulation. Hopefully the regulators are smart about this. These are still ARM based right? How are these legal? > What if the cable attached to the moon and then locking the other end to earth orbit alters the month's orbit? Sorry that's functionally just not possible. More so the moon is already moving away from the Earth at a couple centimeters per year. You're not even going to slow that down. No it would actually have no effect... Again your numbers are vastly out of scale. > css and javascript > professional software engineer Pick one. It amazes me people freak out about GMOs and the material Starbucks cups are made out of yet will breathe vaporized chemicals of who knows what sorts directly into their lungs. Mind boggling. China doesn't have rule of law in general, so any answer you get will always be qualified as things vary drastically. Important qualifier on that that's missed for most "the very rich". The "rich" are often quite penny pinchers. My grandfather is "rich" (several millions, and in a very cheap place to live in the midwest) but he lived his entire life being extremely strict on spending and controlled personal finances very carefully. He still complains when there's large money to be spent on something that should be cheap. WTF? In the map of current day they don't even include the great lakes. That was a major thing that happened recently with the carving out of the great lakes from the glaciers pulling back. The fact they don't even include them in the modern era shows how flawed this is. No, workers lose their jobs. 2-3x increase in prices is not sustainable for such services except for a minority of rides. UberX will disappear and it will become only UberBlack. Well there goes the state. These people have no clue how to manage a state. This will ruin what's left of the housing market and make the state completely unlivable. Please don't answer the question if you don't know enough to answer it. Rust doesn't have exception handling. Rust doesn't have a runtime. Except their answer is wrong, because Rust (LLVM rather) does eliminate bounds checks. They're comparing GCC vs LLVM here more than they are comparing C vs Rust. They should have compiled their C code in LLVM. Their implementation is littered with uses of "unsafe" which means its almost impossible for the compiler to eliminate the bounds checks. > It's designed to keep code complexity low even as the complexity of problems and solutions increases. Honestly I think that's pretty wrong. Go is designed to let you get coding quickly. It's not designed to make your ultimate solution well designed are easily refactorable. In a few years there's going to be a ton of Go code that becomes almost as bad as C where it becomes untouchable because people quickly threw something together and didn't think about long term design. The tasks you do with any language are often not simple. And the simpler the language you use the more complex and harder the task gets. Assembly language is "simple" in the extreme but getting a task done in it is not trivial. It was also found in the 80s that any operating system written in LISP was dog slow. They even started making dedicated hardware interpreters of LISP to try and get around this. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_machine When you need to start designing your hardware around your computer language you know there's a problem going on. Unfortunate witch hunt against an innocent, if strange, man. I could go on but people don't want to hear anything other than the hateful things that they believe. I honestly hate gitlab compared to github. So many broken features and half implemented things. It's got all the same problems Jira has (as compared to GitHub which is amazing to use). He's not corrupting anything. Can you please fix in-line commenting? I should be able to click and drag several lines and leave a comment on those several lines specifically. This is something everything from reviewboard to github have had for ages but gitlab still doesn't have. Additionally, gitlab defaults to lots of files not showing their contents in the diff which is extremely frustrating as I need to go click several times to enable the diff. Thanks, can you give some links to that discussion? How about you fix your code to not rely on undefined behavior specific to a compiler version? Poor coding standards is not an excuse. You don't have to love Rust to still use it in specific narrow areas. Slides link: https://ldpreload.com/p/kernel-modules-in-rust-lssna2019.pdf Holy... Believe nothing that guy says. I'll just wait until he releases his first game with network connection and instantly gets a buffer overflow and his game becomes an entry for worms into people's systems. It's useful to know C, you don't have to like C though (nor should you). At this point is a necessary evil. From what I've seen if you fight the compiler a lot it means you're trying to write something that very non-trivial memory ownership. Just as RAII is a learned concept, so is understanding memory ownership. Hopefully it will be taught more in school along the lines of RAII and similar concepts. European unions in general actually work, for some reason unknown to me. I've never seen, in the modern era, a union in the US do anything but harm its members in general. TL;DR I tried to do object oriented programming in a language that wasn't designed for object oriented programming and found it was difficult. Wrong tool for the job. And those other cars also have postage stamp sized displays that don't let you watch Netflix nor Hulu nor live tv. Nor do they allow steering wheel integration to racing games. To be fair, you're stopping in literally middle of nowhere in a city with a population of 221[1]. I wouldn't expect much. 1: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lima,_Montana Because there's no need for it? Look, if you don't like the car, you can just not buy it. Why piss on other people's experiences? Any gas car converted to electric is universally terrible. They have to mount the batteries extremely high because the chassis wasn't built for the batteries and this results in utterly horrible handling because the center of mass is too high. I suggest you actually try the Tesla UI. It puts every other automaker's system to utter shame so you shouldn't be lumping it in with the others. It's at the level of CarPlay, if not better. And what prevents you from climbing into your car and doing the same thing? Do you check under your car every time before you drive off? I know I certainly don't and never have. Why are you spreading fake information? This hasn't been the case for years, if ever. I'm always surprised how many ycombinator news readers keep repeating utterly false trite that they heard in some news report that is completely false or was true years ago and has long been fixed. It's like people are just only listening to things that confirm their anti-Tesla biases. People need to take a step back and just read the Wikipedia on things more often. I just want to say thank you for you great replies throughout this thread. There is too much simplification of this incident everywhere in the media, and even in technical circles to "Boeing put out a horrible design because of cost cutting that killed people". These are things I've tried to explain, but you put it much more eloquently. Except that's not a big problem. A non-activated reactor just contains enriched uranium. Uranium is dug out of the ground and you can buy it on amazon and chemically concentrate it yourself. It's safe to hold and handle (wash your hands afterwards so you don't eat particles) and store in your house even. (In the US this is all legal.) Reactors only become dangerous after you activate them and short lived isotopes are created that also happen to be types that are bioavailable, like cesium-137 and strontium-90 which the body will take up and store inside the body. Nuclear reactors will be needed if you're going much further out than Earth/Mars. Solar power falls off rapidly as you go further out. I'm sorry but did anyone do a rudimentary spelling and grammar check on that? "Raptor is designed to power the new reusable vehicles SpaceX’s is building, the Starship spacecraft and the Super Heavy rocket." Also they call Tim Dodd an "industry expert"... Some quotes from Elon Musk in the presentation: "If the schedule is long it's wrong, if it's tight its right." "The best part is no part." "The best process is no process." This really is different compared to how the space industry has done things in the past. They said they would do butt welds, not spiral. The hands off approach to Iraq is exactly how we got ISIS btw... > instead of the commonly cited argument of securing resources for the American empire). I'm sorry but there are very few "citations" that state that the war was about securing resources for the American "empire". It was primarily about exactly the stated reasons and there is a popular and uncited belief that it was about oil. If you have some scholarly articles that state that it was completely about oil I'd love to see them. Not really, it's mainly because it hasn't been optimized over many many years yet. Also, everything in Rust is implemented in Rust. Unlike interpreted languages like PHP, it's self-hosted. These aren't new images, they're the same images that have been around the web for decades, that's why they are able to be flagged (via hashing, unless companies are training neural networks to know what child pornography is vs regular pornography). You need to benchmark those numbers versus the increase in regular images sent over the web in general. If it's increasing faster than that increase then there is an argument, if it's increasing slower then the opposite argument is the truth. Apple has true E2E encryption with iMessage if you don't turn on iCloud backup of your messages. It's encrypted when it leaves your device and decrypted on the receiving device. Furthermore the messages on your device are locked via passwords from the Secure Enclave. The thought that people can remove all crime or get anywhere near it is faulty from first axioms. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackstone%27s_ratio "It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer." If you start thinking that parents "can be" the criminals then you've decided that parents are automatically guilty and must be proved innocent. This goes against the very moral fiber of the entire western world theory of law, the presumption of innocence. Who watches the watchers? Who prevents the watchers from deleting footage/recordings? Unless you're genetically engineering humans to no longer have any desires, anyone can be bribed or blackmailed for the right price. > If you're an Amazon corporate employee, you support these decisions by working there. It's better than supporting mass surveillance by working at Google or Facebook I'd think, if you compare to the alternative FAANG companies. Thanks for the accurate breakdown of this. People should not be relying on the courts to make law. If people are upset with the law being wrong then the law needs to be fixed through the legislature (Congress, or alliteratively States' Congresses) > - NN is not a cost regulation as far as I know. It's preventing companies from doing something, not requiring them to do anything extra. This is not actually true. NN was a new thing that was added relatively recently that will require ISPs to basically bankroll the infrastructure for companies like Google/Netflix/Amazon etc. Especially ISPs that don't have Google/Netflix/Amazon as customers. These companies increase the bandwidth going over the ISPs networks to a subset of the ISPs customers. The ISPs either need to force all customers to pay by raising rates among all customers, adding data caps, or throttling data rates in peak times, if NN is in play. If NN is not in play then they can require that the content providers (Google/Netflix/Amazon/etc) pay for the increased data from these providers. The ones most at risk in a non-NN world are the tech giants that want to use the web as a the location applications reside (and they ran a very effective marketing campaign to convince average folks to believe that it would harm them). If they are regulated as "common carriers" then that means they can't bill the source of the data for the data. This is a very bad trend that will just increase the cost of internet. > It's about the viability of businesses like Netflix and new competitors thereto. Why should the ISPs be forced to bankroll Netflix (or other startups) infrastructure? It's a different company making a business decision to suddenly massively increase their use of the ISPs networks. If the ISP is forced to both not block the traffic, and also not able to charge the provider for access, then I don't understand why you think that's ok. What makes Netflix a more moral company than the ISP that Netflix's business is more important than the ISPs? Since that time period internet has gotten cheaper and faster. So no, there's been no effect. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual_EC_DRBG That's the case I know of. Basically you mathematically design a curve that makes it look like it's random numbers but the numbers aren't actually random. I'm really not a big fan of this kind of moral relativism. The US (though Donald Trump seems to want to) does not "blacklist" or "censor" to silence political dissent. China does and always has, heavily, to the point of nonsense. It doesn't let you fall asleep. It needs force on the wheel to prevent disabling itself, and just a weight attached isn't enough. It needs a change in force. Honestly, if your only critiques are based on hearsay then maybe you shouldn't critique. That can happen worse with mirrors in snow. They get frosted over and you can't see anything from any mirror. This isn't new information. These are contractor forms for request to access to SpaceX. They're available to any potential contractor to SpaceX and are fundamentally public. What are these? I've never heard of such a thing. Honestly it's only broken if the raw output of the camera and the exif rotation disagree. If the raw output is in landscape mode and the phone considered that landscape mode to be "no rotation", then there is no disagreement. Keeping a language simple just punts complexity from the language to the implementation that uses that language. This is all the same problems that C has and Go chose to for some reason copy this poor philosophy. It's like Go designers decided most programmers are too dumb to understand complex languages. The graphs talking about flight speed are pretty nonsensical. The distance is fixed, and they already graphed time, so the only difference here that wouldn't be measured on the previous graph is route differences (assuming they're actually using flown distance and not just straight line distance). The comment: "he metrics from JFK indicate there’s about a 20% drop in flight speed potentially due to wind resistance, which makes sense. " Also shows a lot of ignorance. Air speed doesn't change based on direction, but flying opposite directions sitting in the jet stream definitely does. I'm Christian, KJV in all uses I've seen of it is simply the "default" version. It's not treated as more correct than any other version. Best of luck to you! I hope that there is more success in the future for taking control of NH. Does anyone have a non-paywalled variant? I can't view it. Except that statement is just wrong and misleading. Your personal identifying information is all the metadata that can be aggregated and intersected to directly identify you, your name just is a number in the database but it's directly identifying and tracking _you_. Google doesn't care about selling your name or email, that's not valuable to them or advertisers. And "unless you ask us to" is the default behavior of almost all google products. You have to ask them not to, sometimes under penalty of law (GDPR), before they actually change their behavior. Telegram is not at all secure, the only real secure product is Signal, which is what Snowden actually recommended. The name is bad. "HR code" is immediately associated in my mind with "HR" as in Human Resources. You should pick a better name. Phased arrays have been used in moving vehicles for decades with things like AESA radar systems. So what you're saying is ahistorical. SpaceX's twitter and also mentioned during the webcast. > Not easy to block with technical means over a large area. But easy to block with legal means. The way Starlink works the system needs to know exactly where each terminal is, so SpaceX doesn't have plausible deniability about serving customers in areas that prohibit it. That is incorrect. SpaceX doesn't need to know where a terminal is for it to work. The Terminal itself though will know where it is, as it needs that information to calculate the pointing angles of the phased array to the satellite orbits. Starlink very clearly is supposed to make money and has been stated many times... It's there to provide revenue for Mars vehicle development. Communications development for Mars before even having a launch vehicle for Mars payload delivery is putting the cart before the horse. You don't need a global network of satellites to communicate with Mars. Sorry to rain on your parade. But Starlink will never be competing with internet in urban areas. The economics for simply laying a few miles of fiber are too good (if the fiber isn't even already there). More so the satellite density needed to serve an entire city is many more than even SpaceX is proposing. Starlink is for long distance backhaul and for rural/underserved areas. Ships move.... Sure you can keep it on track toward open ocean. > And a pretty important comment https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21175143 Except that is in direct conflict from what she herself stated happened in that channel. If anything it's a misconstrued. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFiQPkdb5Qs&feature=youtu.be Female protagonists in game is the new fad. It has nothing to do with the gender ratio of the players playing the game. > The global economy needs China to keep on growing. [citation needed]. China is on its last legs of growth. It's doing an exact repeat of what Japan did that led to their "lost decade". Either there will be a hard correction or well over a decade of no or little growth. Every year the growth rate has been going down. It's now estimated for less than 6% growth for 2019. The author of the story claims he has no financial position in any company he reports on in his bio, but it doesn't say he doesn't write paid editorials. > Even if the electronics failed, leaving the driver stuck inside, you would think the owners would have the foresight to either have something capable of breaking windows or a method by which to break them. Just for clarification, all Tesla vehicles, Model X included, have a manual pull to open the door even in the case that the power is dead. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01lXcD_Uz74 If that were true the number of fires would be going down every year. However on average for the last 5-10 years the number of fires is pretty constant. See: https://www.statista.com/statistics/377006/nmber-of-us-highw... If anything there's a gradual trend of increasing number of fires in the last 6-7 years. In battery fires the lithium is not burning, the electrolyte is. By dumping water on it you simply heat up the lithium causing the fire to continue. You don't want to use water on a battery fire. You want to use smothering agents that block off oxygen so that the liberated gas put off by the heated electrolyte doesn't ignite. By putting water on it they made the fire last longer. That just shows the fire crews need better training on how to handle electric vehicle fires. This is not unique to Tesla. You don't use water, you use non-flammable non-water-based suppressants. This is not related. Please don't spread FUD unrelated to the story. Yes their cash burn is approximately the same as their revenue. So again, $25 million is pretty irrelevant. Fuses or breakers? In the US everything is on individual breakers, but only bathrooms have GFCI (RCD) outlets. > "Responsible disclosure" is an invention of vendors who want you conforming to their policies and timelines (and more). Ridiculous. Please don't put out this kind of nonsense. Responsible disclosure is to protect the users of software. Supply chains cannot and do not respond instantaneously. You cannot fix a security problem within microseconds. There MUST be some delay between disclosure to the software provider and the actual release. Otherwise you're just endangering the public. How much delay is certainly a point of discussion, but no one is saying "no delay". "coordinated disclosure" is a newly invented term that I've never seen used anywhere in industry. Please don't simply invent new vocabulary and then define it as the standard. Nonsense. You can twist any bug into "irresponsible behavior". The Boeing 787 battery issues shows exactly that they're vertically dis-integrated to the maximum extent possible. So what you're saying is the completely opposite of the truth. Note: This is in Australia, not the United States. I would say it should be concerning to you that your ISP is actually watching what DNS addresses you resolve. I'd either suggest using secure DNS or using your own DNS server or some DNS server not owned by your ISP. That didn't use to be the case. In the last few years the supreme court appointment system has become way more political than it ever used to be. I'd argue it means that there is becoming more and more disagreement in the general public on what laws even mean. This causes politics to be inserted into the legal system because the "meaning of laws" itself has become politicized. Why this change has happened is a good question. > (EDIT: You need to be logged into Google for this to work, but it is absolutely incredible and well worth logging in to Google for. I love it.) There is absolutely no need for that requirement. If something requires you to log into google its generally a good reason to not log into it. They've now launched 120 satellites (there's been 2 launches of 60 satellites). The test has already proved successful. They're heading on to production now. > Yes, I’m an astronomer and I can tell you this SpaceX statement is pure BS. The astronomy community absolutely thought of this before any of these satellites were launched. I’ve personally talked about it at public outreach events (and it was members of the public who brought it up) and topic has definitely come up at professional meetings...but there is just a general feeling of powerlessness, both from the point of how do you fight a company like SpaceX and a charlatan like Musk, and also from the point of many members of the public don’t care. Why aren't you talking about any of the other constellations that are being built? They're all planning huge numbers of satellites, many of which are larger or in higher orbits than SpaceX's satellites. You can't single out Elon Musk's companies just because of a personal vendetta if you're actually trying to be fair and attack this from a technical perspective. Thanks. I think it's pretty crazy to make something internationally illegal that most people don't even know the definition of. And to be more specific you'd ideally write an interface implementation that does that bit banging for you such that you call those functions from your safe code. I mean it's not that hard to write your own scheduler. You can easily set up a simple event poll loop that's not much more than a raw loop. See cooperative multitasking which is completely sufficient for this case if you want something a little more complex. That name is really similar to https://spaceflightnow.com/ You might try picking a different name to avoid confusion. I don't understand the hatred for TODO statements (and similar), even if you never come back to them, they're still useful to know the future intention of the original author. There's no such thing as a "too current a version of rust". All Rust compilers (since 1.0) compile all previous versions of code and will continue to do so. In the rare case you might hit something that was removed/modified because of a security exploit, but those are very very rare. I'm not surprised about OS X, recent OS versions have been making it more and more different from how the OS previously worked. For example GDB doesn't work anymore, and neither does valgrind. Great, you now just cut the bottom rungs off the ladder of how people turn their hobby into a business. The higher the start up cost the less likely they exist in the first place. This is about harming the poor in favor of the rich and nothing else. "Let them eat Cake" ring any bells? I'd also add that there's LLVM bugs that prevent Rust from getting faster. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57259126/why-does-the-ru... Theoretically I would argue that Rust could get faster than C, because it can make stronger guarantees about the code that would allow further and much more complex optimizations of the code. You could argue that the set of possible outputs of a piece of C code is much wider than a piece of Rust code and you could compile the code down to some sort of state machine that equivalently represents the original code in a more compact form. The more well defined the outputs are, the more minimal the output representation could be.