If true, it is bad news. The non-public markets are by and large only open to 'qualified investors', which in practice means those that are quite wealthy. The single best investment strategy ever devised is diversification. The more of the economy closed to the general public, the less they can diversify, and the worse their risk adjusted returns. The recommended k-12 textbook replacement cycle is generally six years. Of course, there is damage and loss that has to be taken into account, but districts generally try to stretch their purchases out at least that long. I believe google still hasn't pulled h264 support from chrome despite announcing they would do so quite a few versions back. The online students aren't getting the most valuable part of the entire thing - a diploma with the name "Stanford" on it. Yes computer programming is a young profession that isn't as hidebound as many others, but it is maturing and as is true for most other professions, soon proxies will dominate hiring. GTMO interrogator? The weekend is the MTA's Achilles heel. You are much better off at 3AM on a Tuesday than Noon Saturday. At least in the outer boros, they try and keep the lines in Manhatten south of 110 at least vaguely useable. I don't know what the solution is though, they have to do maintenance and upgrades sometime or other. They are doing a dual class offering. The class B shares (i.e. those held by Zuckerberg and other insiders) are going to have ten times the voting rights as the class A shares. I wouldn't by into such an ownership structure, though to be fair, google has such a structure and those that bought that at IPO have done very well so far. From the risks section: As a result of voting agreements with certain stockholders, together with the shares he holds, Mark Zuckerberg, our founder, Chairman, and CEO, will be able to exercise voting rights with respect to an aggregate of XX shares of common stock, representing a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following our initial public offering. As a result, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to control the management and affairs of our company as a result of his position as our CEO and his ability to control the election of our directors. Additionally, in the event that Mr. Zuckerberg controls our company at the time of his death, control may be transferred to a person or entity that he designates as his successor. As a board member and officer, Mr. Zuckerberg owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our stockholders. As a stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Zuckerberg is entitled to vote his shares, and shares over which he has voting control as a result of voting agreements, in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. Stewart Baker blogs at http://volokh.com/author/stewart/ . Although I don't always agree with him, he is often quite thought provoking. Although this is perhaps an ill timed suggestion given that it is verisign in the news, I have long thought that DNSSEC would serve as a good mechanism for distributing public keys. Perhaps in conjunction rather than opposition to the current CA system. PowerShell (Windows' shell as of 7) is actually really nice, but it doesn't make any attempt at all to ease the transition to and from *nix shells. The professor in question is a law professor, specifically he deals with securities law. Nitpicky detail are what that area of law is all about! A newly minted securities lawyer will spend his first few years proofing corporate filings (e.g. an offering document) for the tiniest of mistakes, some of which could cost the client millions of dollars if not found. While it might not be the greatest tactic for professors in general, it is a great idea for this particular professor. No in many US universities rigorous calculus proofs are saved for a class called something like Real Analysis which is typically take as the 4th or 5th class for a math major. Compare e.g. Transcendental functions, techniques and applications of integration, indeterminate forms, improper integrals, infinite series. with Algebraic and topological structure of the real number system; rigorous development of one-variable calculus including continuous, differentiable, and Riemann integrable functions and the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus; uniform convergence of a sequence of functions; contributions of Newton, Leibniz, Cauchy, Riemann, and Weierstrass. Those analytical skills stand very well on thier own without the need for further study to justify them. Calculus and mechanics are part of a well rounded education in the same way as Shakespeare's principle tragedies, or an understanding of the causes and consequences of WWI are. The fact that these building blocks of knowledge are going to be available in the near future for free to anyone with an internet connection is a modern wonder of the world. The author of this piece apparently isn't familiar with the correct usage of the term corporatism. It has very little do with with promoting business interests. Rather it is a political philosophy that spawned, among other movements, Italian fascism. Such ignorance is particularly appalling given that the author couches his analysis in a sociological framework. Edit: Even worse, the author is listed as a graduate student in sociology. How embarrassing for the University of Maryland. It is as legitimate as the repurposing the term objectivism for Ayn Rand's puerile rants. In other words something one might well expect from a position of ignorance but disappointing from someone who at least ought to know better. English is ambigious enough already without intentional misuse, particularly from would be scholars! I like GWT as well, but its development history makes me a bit nervous about its future. It is open source, but doesn't have a developer ecosystem outside of google employees (in fact they outright state that no one else can be a committer). That in itself wouldn't be the end of the world, but unfortunately google has a) reduced resources devoted to GWT dramatically in the last year or so (many team members were reassigned to the dart project), and b) has a history rapidly changing 'paradigms' and semi-abandoning the code and documentation for the old way of doing things. There are a bunch of really expensive, really useful, 3rd party libraries for financial modeling that are written in C++. A great many languages have support for calling external code, but debugging the interaction tends to be more trouble than it is worth. I realize we are in a bubble, but trust me bubbles don't last forever. You need to think longer term. Ask anyone that was working in tech circa 2002. The questions you should be asking are: -How is the pay? What are the benefits like? What are the expectations for hours? -Does my future boss seem like a person I can get along with? What about my co-workers? -Does the company have a business model that makes sense (i.e. will their checks eventually start bouncing)? -Am I going to be working with technologies that are in widespread enough use that I can get another job even after the bubble bursts (hint: you want technologies that are in use in "boring" corporate settings as well as start-ups)? All of these are far, far more important than if they give you a fancy chair or MacBook Pros; whether they use SCRUM or XP; svn instead of git; etc. Live by the sword, die by the sword. The Water Club on the East Side and whatever they are calling that restaurant in Central Park these days, have a light that they turn on away from the restaurant proper where it is more visible to the road signaling that a patron needs a taxi. Less usefully, but along the same lines you still see doorman blowing whistles to try and get taxis to come down a side street. I'm not sure how this translates into a solution for your problem, but I think you need to consider some hybrid meatspace / internet mechanism. To any AppEngine developers who might see this: Please, please roll out SSL on custom domains already. It's been just around the corner for years! The interminable private beta is offering SNI based SSL for $10/month and IP based SSL for $100/month. FTA: For example, rather than just telling a customer how many visitors came to their site from Twitter, Mixpanel can show how many visitors came in from Twitter, broken down by country, and limited to those were between the ages of 10 and 13. I don't want to know for certain that I have any users under the age of 13. I don't even want to provably have the capability of knowing. There are serious implications under COPPA if you have such knowledge. Without it, you instead fall under the "directed at children" prong of the test which is far easier to avoid. It will depend on how much effort google puts into making really great libraries, frameworks and tools for the language. There are starting from way behind, because javascript has a wide range of good libraries, several decent frameworks and a few okay tools. Dart has virtually nothing. Google's thousands of really great developers, could build out a first rate, albeit single party, ecosystem. It remains to be seen if they will. Early PHP is exactly what came to mind when I read the description. Nothing new under the sun. The hole in the cloud offerings right now are in the "managed server" space. There are plenty of (well grounded) people who aren't worried about having to double capacity every other week, but still don't want to be (or hire) a linux, nginx, memcached, and mySQL guru. Figuring out things like setting up a hot spare with automatic failover, backup, security patching and dealing with DoS attacks are not by any means things that can be picked up in a weekend. GAE and Herko promise this type of thing, but bundled along are the cost, limitations, complexity and opacity of the autoscaling infrastructure. From the regs: (12) Investment . An investment is the treaty investor's placing of capital, including funds and other assets (which have not been obtained, directly or indirectly, through criminal activity), at risk in the commercial sense with the objective of generating a profit. The treaty investor must be in possession of and have control over the capital invested or being invested. The capital must be subject to partial or total loss if investment fortunes reverse. Such investment capital must be the investor's unsecured personal business capital or capital secured by personal assets. Capital in the process of being invested or that has been invested must be irrevocably committed to the enterprise. The alien has the burden of establishing such irrevocable commitment. The alien may use any legal mechanism available, such as the placement of invested funds in escrow pending admission in, or approval of, E classification, that would not only irrevocably commit funds to the enterprise, but might also extend personal liability protection t o the treaty investor in the event the application for E classification is denied. (13) Bona fide enterprise . The enterprise must be a real, active, and operating commercial or entrepreneurial undertaking which produces services or goods for profit. The enterprise must meet applicable legal requirements for doing business in the particular jurisdiction in the United States. (14) Substantial amount of capital . A substantial amount of capital constitutes an amount which is: (i) Substantial in relationship to the total cost of either purchasing an established enterprise or creating the type of enterprise under consideration; (ii) Sufficient to ensure the treaty investor's financial commitment to the successful operation of the enterprise; and (iii) Of a magnitude to support the likelihood that the treaty investor will successfully develop and direct the enterprise. Generally, the lower the cost of the enterprise, the higher, proportionately, the investment must be to be considered a substantial amount of capital. (15) Marginal enterprise . For purposes of this section, an enterprise may not be marginal. A marginal enterprise is an enterprise that does not have the present or future capacity to generate more than enough income to provide a minimal living for the treaty investor and his or her family. An enterprise that does not have the capacity to generate such income, but that has a present or future capacity to make a significant economic contribution is not a marginal enterprise. The projected future income-generating capacity should gen erally be realizable within 5 years from the date the alien commences the normal business activity of the enterprise. I can understand the desire for a start up visa (I would support one) but it doesn't currently exist. Just because you have a friend in France who slipped one by the USCIS doesn't mean that anyone else will be able to. If you can get $1,000,000 together, check out the EB-5 visa. Another common tactic is to get a business started in your own country and then use an L to open a branch in the United States. It makes plenty of sense and it matches my experience. The UCSIS wants people that are going to come with substantial amount of money and set up a business. They don't want someone coming in to go to San Francisco and network, pitch to investors, rapidly iterate till you find market fit, etc. I think they should allow educated, motivated people to come into the country and give it a shot, but that's just not how the law is right now. What do you mean exactly by "allow outside contributions"? Do you have stats on the number of projects with at least one commiter that doesn't work for google? The number of projects with non-trival LoC written by non-employees? The number of projects with an external mailing list as the place where project decisions are hashed out? Thanks for your reply. I appreciate the engagement. --- I think you set up a false dichotomy between corporate open source and non-corporate open source. A better division would be between single organization projects and multi-organization projects. For example, OpenJDK is very much a corporate project - but in addition to Oracle, IBM, Apple and RedHat all have people heavily involved in development. That means that if Oracle were for whatever reason to lose interest the project wouldn't necessarily die (leaving aside patent issues). On the other hand look at GWT, see in particular your colleague cromwellian excellent comments upthread. Here was a technology that Google was at one time devoting a great deal of resources to and was moving quickly and in exciting directions. A lot of companies built businesses on top of the GWT library. Now, for what seem like very good and valid reasons, Google has scaled back its efforts on the project. That's fine, but there is no community ready to pick up the slack. The reasons there is no one to pick up the slack are not technical or legal, but as you describe it "governance and social issue[s]". When there is no path to becoming a committer , you are walled off from discussions about the future of the project and your patches are accepted reluctantly at best - why spend the time to deeply familiarize yourself with a codebase? Except by being hired away by Google, which isn't exactly going to make your company thrilled to sponsor your work on a project. What realistic scanario has the following characteristic: We are fighting against an enemy for which fourth generation fight planes are inadequate and said enemy does not have nuclear armed ICBMs? Meanwhile the Air Force is bent on taking out of service the one type of aircraft that is most useful to actual, likely war-fighting - the CAS planes. The AC-130 was originally designed in the 60s and troops still cheer when it arrives over the battlefield. The boys that run the fighter jet mafia consider such "bus driving" planes beneath them, so we instead of upgrading the A, C and perhaps B lines we have to spend hundreds of billions of dollars buying the kind of F line toys they prefer to play with. You mean trendy rather than nice. There are plenty of nice areas of Brooklyn, and Queens for that matter, that are affordable, safe and have multiple transportation options to midtown and downtown. Places like: Prospect Heights (A,C,2,3), Long Island City (7,N,R,Q,E,M,F), Lefferts Garden (Q,B,2,5), Astoria (N,Q), and Woodside/Jackson Heights (7,M,R & LIRR). You may not be able to find a place to buy $6 PBRs or $5 coffees right around the corner, but I consider that a plus. This is a bad idea. It was a bad idea when paranoid sites did it to try and stop people from stealing their images and it is still a bad idea when trying to be helpful. There is a wide variety of behavior accessed through right click beyond save as. I use right click, slight move the right, left click to go back. A lot quicker than mousing all the way up to the back button, and the four and five button mice never seemed to have caught on. It is legally identical to the MIT license. The prefactory clause is purely hortatory. All trades are made publicly avaiable eventually . The lower latency you want the more you have to pay. And some trades aren't avaiable at low latency for any price. The spread even at highly liquid stocks used to be 0.10+/cents before the introduction of penny pricing and HFT; this saves money for retail investors. ---- It saves money for retail traders (i.e. fools). It has negligible effects on investors in well diversified passively managed funds. Since people still don't seem to be getting it: jwz was one of the principle programmers of Netscape Navigator. He coined the term mozilla. He spearheaded the effort to get it open sourced. If you learned to program in the 90s the only hacker that was even comparable was Carmack. ... and further more all of you youngsters need to get the hell off of my lawn. Maybe Heroku can license the technology to Google, since the Google App Engine team has seemingly been unable to launch a similar solution three years after putting it on their roadmap. Right but not a lot of C99 code, hence the indefinite C90 support. I'm not saying he did anything wrong, but it is a bit of a slap in the face. I think the US should have a policy of not admitting renouncers to the country under any status. No one can stop you from renouncing your citizenship, but if you do you are are an alien. Ask some aliens how easy it is to get a visa to the US. If you voluntarily put yourself in that category at very least you should be at the back of the line. The very best chess teams consist of a computers and a humans cooperating with each. The computer insures perfect tactically play while the human concentrates on overall strategy. Why should programming be any different? The very best IDEs in the hands of a skilled programmer should produce code better than a similarly skilled programmer who insists on using a dumb text editor. If the resulting code can only effectively be modified by a similar computer/human team - well that's a small price to pay. The number one factor in trying to predict whether or not the Supreme Court will grant cert (an appeal) in a given case is whether or not there is a Circuit Split on the question. The number two factor is whether or not the Solicitor General, representing the United States, suggests it grant cert. In no circumstance should the denial of cert be considered an opinion one way or the other on the merits of the case. The great-grand parent's original point was that a language that needs tools to be written effectively is a flawed language. If I diverted that into a meaningless argument about what type of tools are best, then I apologize. I stand by my original point though. I wouldn't want to write in any programming language without tooling and the availability of sophisticated tooling (of many different styles) for a given language is a strength not a weakness. Exersise health benefits follow a power law. It is damn near impossible to exercise enough to double the benefits of going from completely sedentary to twenty minutes of light exersise a day plus breaking up any long periods of sitting with a minute or two of standing and stretching every couple of hours. There is no per se answer to that question. Cryptanalysis is hard, you can't assume things like commutativity and orthogonality. This whole line of thought is at best a waste of time, and at worst dangerous. PBKDF2-HMAC-SHA-256 is a vetted NIST approved standard with an adjustable work factor. It has been subject to professional attention for many years. BCrypt, while not subject to nearly as much analysis nor approved by NIST, was designed by very competent cryptographers, has an adjustable work factor and is based on blowfish -- which has been subject to substantial professional attention. Use one of the above with the highest work factor you have the processing power for and call it a day. Don't try to roll your solution. There are billions of dollars worth of ASICs in the wild designed to accelerate processing TCP. That page and those I found linked from it seemed quite light on details. Can anyone point me to a white paper or something more in-depth on how they plan to run a full blown competitor to ACH? The legal, technical and security challenges seem quite daunting. 4 years later and they still haven't figured out how to offer ssl on custom domains. What kind of animal did you have to sacrifice to get into that program? Some people don't trust black boxes because they have been burned too many times in the past. I don't want to make this an age thing, but in my observation the people who are chomping at the bit to jump on the next big thing are generally those who haven't yet really suffered because of someone else's mistake. Cryptography's got the right attitude. Don't use things that are proven to be broken, but at the same time don't trust anything that hasn't been under the harsh glare of professional scrutiny for a while. Anyone know why only the android session seems to be working? (Circa 4PM EST) Err. I think that should be Social Travel Site rather than Socialist Travel Site. Unless of course they specialize in trips to North Korea. Tell that to the people being bombed. Defense my ass. ... that more money allocated to the 'defense' budget is a good thing. What do you think college was for? You are unlikely to ever again have nearly as easy access to such a broad range of experts all willing to teach / train you in thier subjects. Also unless you have a trust fund you should be spending a good part of the next nine years figuring out how you are going to support yourself for the following fifty. I'm annoyed that no one is reprinting the names. If she's going to do the time she at least deserves that satisfaction, and the gag order doesn't apply to anyone not a party to the case. It's quite difficult to write a VM target that is fast for both dynamic and statically typed languages. The CLR probably comes the closest but is far from perfect. Since we have to have legacy support for javascript approximately forever anyway, I'd say the best way forward is to embed a vm from the statically typed world as a target for static languages and leave js as a cross compilation target for dynamic languages. To avoid nasty cross vm memory leaks you'd probably want to limit interoperability -- at least at first. The attackers names are apparently Will Frey III and Austin Zehnder, Sophmore lacrosse players attending the Trinity High School in Lexington, KY. Pics here: http://www.bluegrassbats.com/5715.html The problem with javascript is similar to the problem with BASIC. The wise elders back then tried to warn us that if you learned to program with BASIC it would take years (if ever) to unlearn those bad habits, but we ignored them. The result is thousands upon thousands of programmers who produce nothing but spaghetti code. Now we have an entire generation of programmers for whom statically typed languages, and compiled languages in general, are completely alien. There is a time and a place for dynamic typing (just as there is a time and place for GOTO) but to start with a language like javascipt inculcates habits that will take years to undue. Google is sitting a giant pile of cash, with few attractive places to park it. In that situation it makes a lot more sense to self insure. If that changes in the future they can always take out a reinsurance policy to cover the costs. It could be worse, you could have started law school circa 2006. 3 years completely wasted, vis-a-vis programming and arguably just about the whole tech universe, $150,000 in tuition. After that you get a degree that serves as an entrance to a profession that is extremely economically depressed, near universally reviled, and the few jobs there are have terrible working conditions and are filled with unhappy people. Live, learn, and try and pass on some hard won lessons. 'Grok in fullness' doesn't make much sense with the current definition in use but is perhaps the critical usage in the book. Contract damages aren't the price paid, they are the value received had the contract been honored. In this case that's probably considerably more. The law isn't unreasonable. If you have a cash-flow sustainable business but you've taken on too many obligations you can restructure in bankruptcy. Of course that'll wipe out your equity holders but they are supposed to be behind creditors. As for laughing at lawsuits, I think you will find that most companies don't. I hate to tell you but being a hip new economy company doesn't impress judges. As I mention downthread, the usual measure of damages in contract is expectancy - i.e. what value would party B recieved if party A had fufilled its part of the bargain. In this case the bargain was akin to a undated bond (the UK issued some of these), in exchange for a payment up front and infinite stream of payments. The net present value of such is straightforward to calculate; one interesting property is that their nominal value is not dependent on the time since issuance, thought their real value drops with inflation. The law is not unreasonable, it allows for efficient breach. No court is going to order specific performance (i.e. that Joyent actually carry out its promise) but it will have to make good via monetary damages. US courts are sophisticated enough to understand such bargains (at least since Posner was appointed to the bench in 1981). The CFO's goal is to make the _existing_ shareholders money, not (hypothetical) future shareholders. As of the IPO it was in the interest of the existing shareholders that the company get as high a valuation as possible. If the CFO deliberately acted to benefit future shareholders at the expense of current shareholders he'd have violated his fiduciary duties. They raised $3 million per employee. They have plenty of ability to offer the very best kind of compensation - cold, hard cash. They want to use a normalized URL as the hashkey to cache system. Depending on exactly what type of hashing they are doing, the normalization could be a significant fraction of the lookup time. If you are going to get all micro-optimized, you should probably combine the normalization and hash steps, as there is likely some string parsing / building that could be eliminated. Also: it's a pretty fun exercise. They can always take the upthread suggestion of repricing options, or issuing RSU. I'm really not seeing any employee downside other than some punctured dreams - and I don't see how those dreams would have been any less punctured if they had IPO'd at $10 and moved to $18. I know it may not seem that way sometimes, but NoCal is not the entire world - nor does the entire world take their cultural cues from NoCal. The suit is very much alive in NY, in London, the entire legal world, and in many other places. That's just during the day. For formal events / outings it is SF that is the extreme outlier. In the rest of the country if you are going to a fancy restaurant, a wedding, an awards dinner or the like you wear a suit. The original rational for the suit actually still holds for these occasions - it removes the need to constantly chase the latest fashions, as many woman and all hipsters must. They are probably running into two opposing trends: 1) The areas that most resemble thier other markets and have a big unmet need for convenient cabs are in upper Manhattan / and the outer boros (minus Williamsburg and Brooklyn Heights) and are served - when served at all - by black cars. 2) The people most likely to have heard of their app and have it on their phone are mostly in core Manhattan and the aforementioned parts of Brooklyn, and are pretty well served by the yellow cabs. This article is one in a series dealing with problems that arose out of programming Starcraft in the mid-90s. There was no unique_ptr back then, and it was rare to find even junior programmers that were native c++'ers. Intelligence and hard-work are extremely important, but it can't wholly make for experience. How can you write about start-ups without ever having lived through a downturn? Sure, you can read about it, but the proper level of skepticism bordering on cynicism is impossible if all you've ever seen is the fat years. It is true about physicists, also mathematicians (look at the Fields medal winners.) On the other hand, novel writing is by and large a middle age and older persons' game. There are a handful of great novels from people in their twenties, but most of those authors go on to write even greater works later in life. There are advantages and disadvantages to youth. Trying to pretend that everyone is equal and it is all a matter of how hard you try is one of the great fallacies of our era. If you have way more indistinguishable applicants than positions you are paying too much. There is another possibility besides growing old. Lossless compression works by exploiting redundancy in the data. If I want to compress a text file that contains the word 'uncharacteristically' 1000 times, I can simply replace ever occurrence with the a certain short unused byte sequence and record the mapping in the header. Similarly in an image file, if there is a block of 50 pixels that are all the same color, I can replace that block with a special byte sequence and map the coordinates and color in the header. But if I have truly random data, there are no patterns to exploit. The shortest means of representing random data - is the data itself. This is provable using information theory (which in a way is a branch of thermodynamics). I meant Kolmogorov randomness which is defined via incompressibility. Low grade heat ( Otherwise you are pretty much out of luck - The efficiency of energy extraction from a heat engine is thermodynamiclly limited by the difference between the hot and cold sides. And trying to transport it any significant distance ends up being more trouble than its worth as pumping water gets energy intensive very quickly (and air has terrible heat capacity.) If you intend a full spend down (which I would recommend, if you want to give your kids money, do it while your alive) you don't need nearly as many assets. With an 70 year old white female and a 66 year old white male, they have about the same life expectancy - around 13 years. With no growth / interest that's ~$936,000, with a reasonable return it's around $100,000 less. That's fine for a programming position, but they apparently (from the article, not personal experience) ask these type of questions to more than just programmers. Here's a for example: http://www2.ncl.com/vacations?key=EPIC17CIVLIVMRSPMIBCNFNCST... 17 days from Rome to Miami in October, with stops in Florence, Provence, Palma, Barcelona, Funchal, & St. Thomas, for $2738(balcony room). I agree their UI is somewhat nicer, but they don't have all the features. In particular they don't have one way. If they aren't your (potential) customers and/or those of your advertisers, do you really care? All the countries in North America, Europe and South America ex-Chile and and Venezuela are at less than 1% IE 6 usage.[1] 7 & 8, which are better but still not great developer-wise, unfortunately still have a ways to go before passing that threshold. But at a minimum you should think long and hard before pouring time into IE 6 compatibility. [1] http://www.ie6countdown.com/#list More of an engineer than a scientist, no? Indeed. People look at a car rental business and think 'I can offer better customer service'. Maybe, maybe not but that's only one of the necessary business lines. Rental car companies are the largest buyers of new vehicles in the world, and more importantly the largest sellers of used cars. What's your strategy in those areas? What's your cost of working capital going to be? Ditto with insurance, these companies generally self insure the collision, can your startup afford to do that? Then there's counter space at the airport. These generally come on the market rarely and at a different time and process for each airport. How are you going to compete when your lot is a twenty minute shuttle ride, and your competition has a lot in walking distance from the terminal? I'm not saying it's impossible but the barriers to entry are high. It's a branch as mathematicians think of branches, not as laymen do. It isn't a new algebra, calculus, or geometry. Not to minimize the accomplishment at all, but it happens a handful of times a generation. Google should comply. If the rightsholders want to give their titles the internet death penalty who are we to argue? Bootcamp isn't about skills, it's about breaking down the civilian mentality and then building back up a military one. For those destined to be more than cannon fodder, the skills training comes in advanced courses that last months or occasionally years (e.g. nuclear sub courses). Pick up a few books like Liar's Poker, When Genius Failed, and Barbarians at the Gate. That'll give you an engaging intro. Then you can start reading sites like FT, seekingalpha, Bloomberg, etc. A few pieces of advice: under no circumstances do you want to get caught in the weeds of technical analysis, similarly stay away from the gold bugs, and finally learning is good, but don't jump in unless you are prepared to lose your shirt. Technical analysis is curve fitting run amok. There is so much data that the dangers of post hoc hypothesis formation is even more acute than usual. On top of that the 'field' is filled with people hawking a mix of appeal to intuition and techno-babble that is really smarmy. As for gold bugs, you aren't going to learn anything about trading from them. They may be right or they maybe be wrong but if your answer to everything is buy gold, how interesting is that? On top of that, and something I'd rather not get into a huge debate about, their understanding of macro tends to be pretty medieval. Gold isn't a terribly useful metal. There are some minor electrical applications, a handful of catalyst applications, and of course jewelry. The size of the international investment stocks is a great multiple of the annual usage in all these categories. So the high value of gold is predicated on the high value of gold -- think tulips, Miami condos, and dot com equity. However, gold has been in this bubble for a very very long time. Consider the famous investing maxim "the market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent" and just stay away is my opinion. In response to the sibling post on transmuting gold, the minimum possible energy cost is really, really high (due to the necessary gamma rays and the cross section of 198Hg). Unless we figure out a way to produce to nearly free energy it is never going to be worth it. It looks like the instruction set they implemented was ARMv7s which is notable for its support of VFPv4 (hardware fused multiply add and better support for single precision vector floating point arithmetic.) While Apple may certainly have been involved as far as I know, these are ARM technologies. In general if you want a new instruction I'd think you are better off going to a CISC vendor than a RISC one. It may have been improper in some grand sense, but that's not what Professor Kerr was addressing. He was addressing whether or not the conduct fit the laws in question, as interpreted by the relevant case law. Alex Stamos doesn't even really try to refute that. Instead he provides context that suggests that it was an injustice to apply those laws to Aaron Swartz. That's a separate question, and one that Kerr apparently intends to address in a follow up post. A felony is any crime for the which the maximum penalty is at least one year in prison. The term used to mean crimes which were potentially capital, but with so few of them these days the definition changed. That's supposed to be the second blog post. While we wait though, I wonder Aaron's lawyers ever explained to him that thirty five years was an all but impossible outcome of this case, that seven years was a longshot and some type of non-incarceration a distinct possibility. If his lawyers for some reason didn't make that clear they did him no favors. Now whether pervasive overcharging to extract pleas is itself ethical is another question ... I guess I don't see that as a matter of law. The wire fraud statue talks of false pretenses, regardless of the method of circumvention, reconnecting after being banned looks like false pretenses to me. As for civil versus criminal, the law makes no such bright line distinction - almost every crime with an identifiable victim is also a tort. Now admittedly I'm not an expert at internet law (though I do have a JD), but Professor Kerr is. Unless your contention is that he doesn't understand the technical details well enough to render an opinion, I don't see how you or the linked article refute his opinion given that you neither of you address it head on (i.e. using the case law). How about the US Supreme Court: See Carpenter v. Pennsylvania, 58 U.S. 456 (1854): "The debates in the federal convention upon the Constitution show that the terms "ex post facto laws" were understood in a restricted sense, relating to criminal cases only, and that the description of Blackstone of such laws was referred to for their meaning. 3 Mad.Pap. 1399, 1450, 1579. This signification was adopted in this Court shortly after its organization in opinions carefully prepared, and has been repeatedly announced since that time. Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. 386; Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch 87; 33 U. S. 8 Pet. 88; 36 U. S. 11 Pet. 421." ex post facto isn't English, it's not even really Latin. It's a legalism. The go to source of meaning for Anglo legalism in the late 19th century was Blackstone's "Commentaries on the Laws of England" . It's the Blackstone definition that the Court adopted. Unfortunately USAA limits mobile deposits to full members. That makes it tough to use as a checking account. In the federal system good time credits are only available for sentences over a year. Under Massachusetts law, only a blood relative, spouse, or guardian can apply for a civil commitment order. A prosecutor can only get a suicide watch in a jail or prison. If the parents knew he was suicidal, why in god's name didn't they seek medical attention? Under the federal sentencing guideline system there are a series of factors the Judge must take into account when setting the sentence. Given that some of these are wholly objective (i.e. first time offender), it can be said that it would have been impossible for him to have gotten the maximum penalty theoretically allowed. The oil isn't going anywhere, what's the hurry? Why not wait until the fossil energy resources can be fully captured before extracting it, especially given that once it's used up there won't be anymore. You score very high on one of two most salient first cut criteria for women on dating sites. If you also have a high status and/or high paying job then the correct response to your post is -- duh you found it easy. I guess you weren't around for FIDOnet. It could be days before you got an email. Plus we had to walk to school in the snow - uphill both ways. For me part of the awkwardness is purely physical. Talking doesn't require extensive use of your hands and the person you are talking to are generally at eye level. Whereas reading and writing feel much more like an interruption to the meal rather than a compliment to it. These are lossy formats, so there aren't clean, easily defined limits like there are for lossless formats. I don't know if its intentional or not, but I've run into several apps where highlight and copy isn't implemented / enabled. That's pretty very frustrating. Sometimes I just want to take notes, or google something, not share whatever it is on facebook / twitter / snapchat. I assume the neologism was intentional? http://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=pedantize&y... PHP vs Rails for security is like cyanide versus hemlock for health. The article says GW is claiming an implicit or common law trademark rather than a registered one. The rules for that are far more grounded in equity than the rule based statutory system. Edit: that is to say the expansion into the book market is a common law extension. To be clear the mark was registered in the game market. It'd be a huge blow to the rule of law to give someone the death penalty based on public pressure -- no matter how horrific his crimes. Wouldn't colder air, and thus higher air density, be more efficient, not less efficient? Or sometimes the aesthetics and usability of the webpage the article is on. Not that our meta-comments are much better. Yeah I suspect this is it. The density is inversely proportional to temperature and drag is proportional to to density. Even if the engine is more efficient (in a steady state) with denser air, the relationship is probably sub-linear. I think that's absolutely true. Many of the most highly compensated people I know are in the finance industry and work all day every day in excel. The rest of them are programmers. If you had to hire people who had the domain talent and expertise of the former, and the programming skills of the later, you'd be looking at seven figures per in employee and there'd only be so many to go around at any price. But that's what you'd need. A bespoke system that could only be effectively modified by programmers would be useless in short order no matter how great it was at launch. That sounds a lot more like IaaS to me. PaaS should be providing the entire platform, hence the name. The entire promise of the space is that the customer only has to worry about his own code and perhaps tweaking a few knobs. Given that bcrypt and scrypt have had very little attention from cryptographers, it would be a better to start there than adding even more schemes. Unless there is some reason to believe that the winner of this contest will attract serious analysis. If that's true then they should probably allow the established players to enter. Diversity isn't necessarily a good thing in security. Look at all the attacks on SSL/TLS that rely on being able to negotiate a cypher. Why does Adam Wiggins repeatedly use the word 'evolve' as a transitive verb in an awkward fashion? Is this some sort of start-up usage that I managed to avoid thus far? "We're working on evolving away from the global backlog concept in order to provide better support for different concurrency models, and the docs are no longer accurate." "Getting user perspective is very helpful and I'll apply your feedback as we continue to evolve our product." "You're correct that we've made some product decisions over the past few years that have evolved our HTTP routing layer away from the "intelligent routing" approach that we used in 2009." Evolve to me connotates natural selection -- which is rather more haphazard than I would hope for from a engineering process. "The optimum routing is to have each dyno with 0 or 1 job at a time and a global queue of all incoming requests. But this is a latency problem then since it takes time for a dyno to tell that it is "ready". The net result is very bad performance and the global queue is a single point of failure. The solution is to queue because this removes the latency --- but with the price you see RG paying if a Dyno can only serve one request at a time." You are right that there is an inherent latency hit using intelligent routing versus random routing. However in a resource constrained world, where no one can afford infinite dynos, there is also an average latency hit to random routing -- but rather than being largely fixed for all requests it is instead highly variable. While the magnitude of the two need to be factored in, ceteris paribus low variance in latency is better. As for your single point of failure point, there are distributed queue algorithms that handle router failure gracefully. Sure. See http://research.microsoft.com/pubs/153348/idleq.pdf , http://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1103/1103.2408.pdf , and http://static.googleusercontent.com/external_content/untrust... . That's essentially what happened with Pappy Van Winkle. I've had it, and it's quite good, but nothing is as good as its reputation. It got that reputation because of the extreme difficulty of finding it, and it is so difficult to find precisely because they never raised the price, instead creating shortages. I don't know if they are capitalizing on it. Their youngest is 15 years old, so it'd be a while before increased production would be seen -- but they certainly could. IIRC that has something to do with your taxation of alcohol (or maybe import tariffs on alcohol). Yeah, Heroku's original method wasn't all that great, and random routing can give surprisingly decent performance in some workloads. Unfortunately the workload they were/are working with doesn't seem to be one of them. Happily this class of problems is very well studied, and so there is a ton of research out there on various options. I know it can be daunting to write a program directly from a research paper, but hey that's why they make the big bucks. There were all kinds of discoveries like that. I remember when the reaver drop was invented by someone out of MIT. Can't remember his handle but he was one of the top players pre-brood war. Edit: Found him, Zileas aka Tom Cadwell. Brings back the memories. Do you happen to know who invented it? Was it someone else at MIT? The language to describe changes isn't fully standardized (at least for the US Code, I'm not familar with DC's legislative practices.) If you browse around it looks standard, but there are plenty of exceptions. So the best you can do is use a program to do a first pass. Whenever you seed the phrase 'clean coal' check for you wallet. There are many irreducible problems with coal. First, you've got to get it out of the ground. The most common ways of doing that are strip mining and mountain top removal mining. Both not only destroy the area actually minded but produce enormous amounts of liquid and solid waste (coal slurry and fly ash are the worst) that destroy whatever environment they are deposited into. Second, however you cut it, the fundamental chemical reaction is going to be CxHxOx + O2 => CO2. There is no way to avoid producing carbon dioxide if you want and exothermic reaction. So you get carbon dioxide capture schemes. The problem is once you capture the carbon dioxide no one has any idea what to do with. There are vague notions that we can pump it underground, but pilot projects in this area have been dismal failures both because of a lack of confidence that the CO2 will remain buried and because of the high energy costs in burying the CO2. Third, aside from CO2, coal has a variety of other nasty constituents: mercury, uranium, thorium, arsenic among others. The stocks of mined but unused coal are pretty small. It's very bulky and so expensive to store. Even oil doesn't have all that much storage, which is why when the market went into high contango traders had to rent oil tankers to store the oil they were buying on the spot market. As for CO2, the method the article is talking about makes it convenient to capture CO2 (at an energy cost) but transporting and storing it once captured are far more difficult problems. The extra dosage for living near a coal power plant is really low - about 2% of a chest x-ray per year. The extra dosage for living near a nuclear power plant is nearly non-existent at a third of that. The chemical effects of the pollutants in fly ash are a far bigger concern than the radiological effects. Edit: Neat chart ( http://xkcd.com/radiation/ ) The shorter carbon chain molecules tend to be hydrocarbons, but as they get longer and longer other elements tend to be incorporated. Take a look at an example chemical structure for coal from Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Struktura_chemiczna_w%C4%9... Anyway you are going to need something to bind to the carbon. Pure carbon allotropes (graphite, diamond, buckyballs, etc.) are extremely energetically disfavored as compared to CO2 at normal pressures. You could use fluorine instead of oxygen, but tetrafluoromethane (CF4) has a greenhouse gas potential 6000 times that of CO2, and is fairly poisonous to boot. Let's say a hardware manufacturer writes a firmware that exposes calls that can degrade or destroy the device if misused, and the OS driver in turn exposes those calls to third party programs. If a program wreaks the device, who is the end user going to blame -- the program, the driver, the manufacturer, or all three? The current system is a lottery. If the page loads in the first couple of minutes your in, otherwise your not. Google doesn't support officially support IE8 anymore, much less 7 ( http://support.google.com/a/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=3... ). For my company that's just not practical. We sell to schools and many of them are still running XP. That's a neoclassical conception of feminism. The second wave of feminism was all about achieving literal equality - changing society so that women could take on the exact same roles and challenges as men. I wouldn't say such a conception is inherently problematic, but it certainly raises difficult questions. How can we frame an equality that is based on each gender's needs without importing all the old baggage of gender stereotyping? Who defines each gender's needs -- do we care only about those that are purely biologically, or also those that are deeply embedded in the culture? How do we account for those who don't fit -- either physically or culturally -- into the dominant gender categories? And so on. This seems a bit different than what you posted before. The grandparent post talked about equality meaning different things for different groups based on their needs, now you are saying that the rules should be the same thing for everyone. Which is it? It's not really a win-win. Any time he spends on this is a loss from his point of view since the SEO's client already ruined his forum. It's some chutzpah to get annoyed when your victim refuses to help you hide your misdeeds. He's not blaming google for the original blog spam, he's blaming google for the deluge of emails requesting link removal. Since they are directly encouraging these emails by holding out the hope of rehabilitation they are responsible. Short of evidence that the blog spam was malicious and unaffiliated with the site, there should be no rehabilitation. If the site has valuable content the owner can move it to a new domain and try again. This time without being a scumbag. That google 'suggestion' is directly leading to the deluge of crap in the OP's inbox. If you make a friends group that includes all your friends it will post everything in chronological order with no in feed ads or crap from pages you've liked. It's far superior to the news feed IMO. From the discussion there it looks like the real host is rrbone UG (haftungsbeschraenkt) Leibnizstr. 8a 44147 Dortmund GERMANY https://www.rrbone.net/ The sign-up form says: "Currently, Clerky is only appropriate for startups that are Delaware C-corporations (or are looking to incorporate as one). Is this you?" It'd be nice if there was a link to a discussion of the pros and cons of local incorporation versus Delaware incorporation, and of C-corp verses S-corp or LLC. Here are some pretty decent links: http://www.expertlaw.com/library/business/where_to_incorpora... http://www.lawfirms.com/resources/business/business-operatio... http://mashable.com/2012/02/09/business-incorporation-taxes/ http://mashable.com/2012/02/17/small-business-incporporation... http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/s-corporation-facts-3... http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/how-corporations-are-... It's a long discussion, but the basics are that if you ever go public / get major VC funding you will have to switch to a Delaware C-corp because that's where all the major corporate litigation takes place and thus the law that big corporate lawyers are familiar with. In the meanwhile though it can be considerably cheaper to file locally. It will cost more to change later, but you are going to have a lot more resources if you are in the situation of needing to convert. So if you are looking to get funding right away your best bet is Delaware C-corp, if you are going the "lean" route then you should probably do whatever is quickest and cheapest (usually, but not always, a local LLC). There is a trick to the advertising requirement. Since advertising in NYC is so expensive, you register in Albany and then 6 months later move the registration to NYC. I agree though that NY LLC is not the easiest process in the world, but then again neither is NY foreign corporation registration. Part of it has to do with federalism -- the federal government has very little to do with setting up a corporation, but then has quite a bit to do with selling shares. So you have to deal with at least a state government and the federal government, and often more than one state government. If I'm looking for a French tutor in x-town England I want to find his sister. It's a win-win. Are any of the people you are pushing offering a win-win in these 6-7 figure payday, or are they just yet another asbestos law firm, that wants the same 1/3 as everyone else, and will fill out the settlement forms just the same as everyone else? To be frank I've never seen someone do an out of state LLC, it seems like the choices tend to be Delaware (or Nevada) C-corp, or local LLC/S-Corp. Maybe I'll look into it next time it comes up. Cheers. Probably not your core market, but I love the platform aspect of this. The notion of a stim pack for the lawyer-client relationship can work in a lot of other areas. I was pretty disappointed when I installed the Windows kiln client just now and it dumped me into an unintuitive (customized?) TortioseHg Workbench GUI without any sort of direction of where to start. The link of the webpage to hg init, didn't help much because it was seemingly all about the command line interface. Most of the tools out there in DCVS land seem to have as a prerequisite that you already know how to do it the hard way. If I've already climbed the learning curve for the hard, but powerful, way I'm probably just going to keep doing it that way. The opportunity is for a tool that makes easy things easy. I signed up for the SourceTree Windows beta, hopefully that's it. They say NYC, but they don't cover my zip code in Queens. Manhattan south of 96th street + trendy Brooklyn != New York City These banks were paying 9+ percent interest on some accounts. If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. EC2 doesn't actually reserve physical CPU time per vm, do they? I had assumed that the lack of burst just means they are keeping the statistical multiplexing windfall for themselves. So just to be clear: If I have a reserved instance I'm not using there is a CPU sitting somewhere doing running HLT cycles? Wow. I didn't mean to be critical, customers certainly get better latancy on a fixed time slot implementation over an interrupt based QoS system. I'm surprised from Amazon's perspective, especially because they are competitive on price. 17 US 512: (f) Misrepresentations.— Any person who knowingly materially misrepresents under this section— (1) that material or activity is infringing, or (2) that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, shall be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by the alleged infringer, by any copyright owner or copyright owner’s authorized licensee, or by a service provider, who is injured by such misrepresentation, as the result of the service provider relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing, or in replacing the removed material or ceasing to disable access to it. --- A take down notice that is so facially invalid may well qualify as knowing misrepresentation. Some arguments have to be made at every level or can be lost (i.e. 'preserved for appeal'). It looks like in this case the issues Kerr wants to appeal have not been lost. In any event the appellate stage is a more natural fit for an academic than the trial stage. Malicious intent only satisfies one half of the definition of a crime -- the mens rea component. You also need an actus reus -- a guilty act. That's where this case falls down. Browser vendors is a bit abstract when you are talking about a group of four, two of which have horses in the race. In theory there were good reasons to think browser vendors would support ogg, in practice MS and Apple showed zero interest. I'd say it's because we are stuck with javascript for a certain domain -- viz. code running in a web browser. Python and ruby on the other hand are two choices out of many, each of which have thier strengths and weaknesses. While it would be nice if every language was as fast as possible, as a practical matter where speed is a major issue, programmers simply pick a more perfomant language. in a world of limited resources and diverse choices it makes the most sense for each language to concentrate on its strengths rather than to be the best at everything. So, your answer is that java isn't cool enough? Did you see the part of the essay where he wrote that he wasn't looking for the cool kids flavor of the month? How is this not gaming? "Scott tried school for a while, but hated it. So he took the advice of the rogue staffer who told him to suck all the benefits he could out of the system. He had a heart attack after the mill closed and figured, "since I've had a bypass, maybe I can get on disability, and then I won't have worry about this stuff anymore." It worked; Scott is now on disability." What if there's no job period which is what the article seems to suggest (at least not without going back to school -- which he "hates")? The disability program is supposed to be if you are medically unable to work, not if you can't find a job. Look at the charts in the article, there isn't an epidemic of disability in this country, disability is being used as a substitute for traditional welfare programs which have been eliminated. It isn't that I have no sympathy for people caught in the cracks, but we shouldn't have government programs that are de facto open only to those willing to lie and cheat. That's not really much like the Soviet Union at all. It's much more akin to the kind of comprehensive social safety nets that European Social Democrats favor. Scandinavian countries have put many of these ideas into place and they are hardly doomed. On the contrary they seem to be fairing pretty well. There isn't enough upward facing surface area on your body for solar cells to power anything non-trivial. Also floppy disks?!? It's not fluids per se that are the problem. You want to block cells (sperm & bacteria) and viruses. So roughly 50nm. Everything smaller should be okay. At fancy bars they want you to buy the $15 cocktail, but they'll begrudgingly give you a $10 Bud Light if you insist. Also, stadiums and strip clubs. Check out this comment from a prior article on the subject: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5410576 He's using mobile authenticator as a password mechanism, but it should be modifiable to just trust the local browser. It all depends on the state. NY for example forbids underwriting, so age doesn't come into the equation. I fail to see how Medicare can be considered effective and efficient when it costs about as much per capita as what other countries pay to cover everyone, it covers less than 1/6 of the population, and only covers about half the total health care costs of the covered population. It may be better than the private US healthcare system, but that's not saying much. There is a healthcare system in the United States that does far better -- the Veterns Administration. So clearly it is not impossible. Even leaving aside government provisioned care, there are several simple ways Medicare could use its massive purchasing power to control costs. Part A could take into account alternate available treatments and their effectiveness-adjusted-cost when determining what procedures to cover. Part B could coordinate care through a single gatekeeper physician. Part C could be eliminated, as it was a cost saving experiment that failed. Finally, Part D could negotiate with drug providers on behalf of the entire pool instead of delegating negotiation to dozens of insurance companies, each with smaller pools. I certainly agree that much of the blame for Medicare not being better than it is lies with Congress, which seems to be the upshot of your comment. Why does it need to be recursive then? Couldn't you perform the same attack by querying a whole bunch of authoritative name servers for zones they serve with forged source addresses? As far as I can tell they haven't said they'd put it in V8. One member of the chromium team, who doesn't work in that area, has opened up a feature request. This seems to be much ado about nothing unless and until it's accepted and assigned. Not really. It's a dynamically typed language that tries to fool the casual user into thinking it's statically typed. In that sense, like a lot of the 'let's run absolutely everything in a browser', it seems like a waste of energy. I'd much rather that time and effort were spent on optimizing the web infrastructure for the kind of heavy weight LOB applications that are a) currently being put on the web in a serious way and b) have performance issues than on hypothetically enabling web based CAD programs or AAA video games. Things like figuring out a solution to the circular reference problem caused by having separate DOM and js garbage collectors. An agreement on a perfomant client side storage scheme. XSS protection for mere mortals. And so on. Did you see the recent article titled "Benefits Matter"? Some things to think about from that post, and the responses to it: What are work hour expectations like, and how are you communicating them? Vacation, sick time, child care, personal time policies? Healthcare, dental, retirement? Is the pay really great, or great for a start-up? Thanks for the great explanation. So if I understand correctly, the problems with the DNS amplification attack using only authoritative nameservers are: a) You have to keep track of which name to request from which server b) You can't optimize for a particularly large response c) Operators of authoritative name servers are likely to be more sophisticated and therefore have egress filtering. d) There aren't as many authoritative nameservers as open recursive servers (?) This isn't ancient Athens, we don't have punishment by popular vote. As far as I can tell her conduct was appalling, but this is not the way to accomplish anything. The press release is rather odd. Under the section "How it works" there are five bullet points, but only two of them (arguably three) actually describe how it works. The guaranteed buyback is the special sauce here. So I'd want to see exactly what's involved. Are there lease type conditions on miles driven? Exorbitant charges for minor damage? The small print is rather important. As for lining up banks to agree to financing subject to approved credit, it's fairly meaningless. Someone will always lend you money subject to approved credit. While we are on meta-topic, allowing comments to be deleted after there are replies is a fairly user hostile. I suppose it's someone protecting his precious karma? Random routing to concurrent servers works fairly well if the kind of long running requests you need to worry about spend a lot of time blocking for some external service (e.g. a database call). Then you can get a lot of benefit on the from cooperative or preemptive multitasking on the server, and so the performance characteristics, from the point of view of a new request, of each server is roughly the same, and so going to a random server is pretty good. However, if you have long running requests because they make intensive use of server resources (CPU, RAM) then concurrent servers buys you very little. In that case, sending a new request to a server that is chugging along on a difficult problem is significantly different than sending it to one that isn't. That's where knowing the resource state of each server, and routing accordingly is of huge benefit. While load balancing is a very difficult problem, with some counterintuitive aspects, it is an area of active research, and there are some very clever algorithms out there. For example, this article ( http://research.microsoft.com/pubs/153348/idleq.pdf ) from UIUC and Microsoft introduces the Join-Idle-Queue, which is suitable for distributed load balancers, has considerably lower communication overhead than Shortest Queue (AFAICT the original 'intelligent' routing algorithm), and compares its charateristics to both SQ and random routing. The most significant long term upstream-downstream relationships are probably the linux distros to the kernel. The Oracle project[1] is pretty interesting and uses neither. Instead it has a native java implementation. [1] Nashorn - http://openjdk.java.net/projects/nashorn/ Is there some particular reason to want every single application to run in a web browser? The browser connection limits per domain weren't baked into any standards, so it's something that has been dramatically improved over time. Most browsers maxed out at two connections five years ago, now six is the most common limit. Edit: turns out the limit of two connections is in the RFC for http 1.1 but browsers starting with ie 8 have ignore that part of the spec. I've used it several times as well. Great app. The only time it didn't work so hot was on an international arrival. It didn't account for the time they spent going through customs, so I was waiting a while. A minor quibble with an otherwise great app. Glad you're on it. Every federal agency is required to designate a FOIA officer. In my limited exerperiance, the helpfulness of these officers vary wildly between agencies. http://www.dhs.gov/foia-contact-information TSA's is about 2/3 of the way down the page. Good luck! It's rich that ATT, successor company to Southwestern Bell, is complaining about alledged subsidies to another company to enable a fiber rollout. Southwestern Bell and its sister baby bells were subsidized to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars in the 90s in exchange for a promise to roll out a nationwide network of fiber to the home. Needless to say the network never materialized but the telecoms kept the money. Ref: http://www.pbs.org/cringely/pulpit/2007/pulpit_20070810_0026... At 2Ghz the speed of light in a vacuum delay is a clock cycle every 15cm. Current fiber and copper transmission is about 70% of c, so that's a clock cycle every 10.5 cm. A few clock cycle might not matter for bulk storage, but Intel is also talking about separating main memory from individual processors. There individual clock cycles do matter. Witness the rise of low latency premium RAM. The SMTP protocol is used both from client to server and from server to server. RFC 3207 (2002) complaint MTAs communicate with each other over a TLS (i.e. encrypted) connection. Complaint MTAs include: sendmail (>= 8.11), postfix (>= 2.2), MS Exchange (>= 5.5). Patches have existed for qmail to add support since 1.01, though they aren't in the main distribution for reasons that I'm sure make sense to djb. In Hawaii it's pretty rare to be able to buy a property fee simple. Mostly it's long term leases. I don't think there's a vested property right in them, but even if there is, there isn't in their scarcity. The government could issue medallions to all comers instead of abolishing the existing one. The DREAM Act has been introduced in every Congress for over a decade. It has gotten close a few times, but is stuck in the politics of 'amnesty'. Executive branch defered action has been in place for almost a year now, and while it's strictly inferior to a legislative solution it's far better than nothing. All of which is to say that there is a well developed political lobby on both sides of that issue. While I'm sure the DREAM Act supporters wouldn't mind getting big checks from SV millionaires and billionaires thier voices would add little to the debate. Similarly, the major private sector unions and national buisness association, after much back and forth forged a compromise on blue collar temporary work visas sensitive to the needs of both. It makes sense for the tech industry -- both the owners and workers -- to speak out on topics that are salient to them. That's where they are most knowledgable and where thier opinions will be most respected. There is no need to feel guilty or try and shame anyone for concentrating on the those issues. In the US it's illegal for any employee to flat out refuse to hire people with Asperger's syndrome under the Americans with Disabilities Act. Just something to keep in mind before you answer the question in the title! Rich people tend to be more effective NIMBY-ites. If you like the medium size, medium density city experience why don't you move instead of blocking progress? The US has lots of cities like that, and only one large, high density city. We could desperately use a few more. Unfortunately yes. I don't see how you enforce anti-descrimination laws if the relevant descrimination takes place entirely in the hiring manager's head. > Give it one or two generations though. Their kids and grandkids will probably behave and believe that they're upper class. I don't know about India, but in the US there is a bizzare cultural phenomenon where everyone wants to see himself as middle class. Being identified as rich is somehow faintly embarrassing. You see all kinds of strange verbal gymnastics in trying to justify middle class status. Heck there is plenty of it in this thread! So I suspect that is going on with your wealthy friends, and that it will continue in thier kids and grandkids (unless the overall culture shifts). I agree it's definitional, so ultimately there isn't much to argue about. What I wonder is what you think the upper class (as you define it) have that's so great or special that you don't. Sure you could cabin it so narrowly as to be people that e.g. get personal access to the President, or can get there kids into Harvard with a single phone call or something, but that definition is so narrow as to be useless (which gets back to the whole all Americans are middle class thing). Having known several people with net worths in the 7-9 figure range, from brand new money through came over on the Mayflower, it really is a continuum. There's no secret handshake. But that doesn't mean that somewhere along the continuum you really are living a different lifestyle than a family of four living in Northern California with both one parent working as a teacher and the other as a hygienist, each making $40,000 a year. They've got credit card balances, student loans, a long commute because that's where the affordable houses are, stress over how they are ever going to pay for college, and so on. You may shop at the same stores, but is that really a good indicator? Call what you have upper middle class if you feel like it, but that family is solidly middle class by any reasonable definition. So if there's a difference in kind, and someone has to give up the label, it shouldn't be them. Finally, I should note that I find this little quirk of American culture fairly harmless. The one area where it can be pernicious is when it effects certain policy areas. For example, many people agree that the "rich" should be paying higher taxes, but since hardly anyone sees himself as rich, it is always a little farther out that the tax burden needs to fall. A good litmus test is the home mortgage income deduction, which is massively tilted to the high end of the income scale. If in justifying a high phase out you start to hear yourself say things like $1.5 million doesn't really buy you that much -- then you may be in the problematic zone. There are multiple password cracking techniques. Under brute force longer is strictly better. However, there are sophisticated dictionary attack programs that are also seeded with leaked password lists and do a variety of clever substitutions to come up with many potential candidates from each base word. For that type of attack, a password like: passwordpasswordpasswordpassword may not be a great bet despite it's length. The one true solution is client authenticated TLS. For the life of me I can't understand why 25 years later certificate management is still such a mess. We don't need some perfect universally recognized root trust system to get started. Why doesn't the sign up process for authenticated API access routinely include the issuance of a certificate signed by the API owner? Unlike for interactive users there's no expectation that a customer will be accessing an API from some random computer where he might not have access to his certificate store. I agree it's awful to use, but what I don't understand is why no one has bothered to improve the tools. It's one of those areas where the underlying tool (either a library like openssl or NSS, or an OS feature like SSPI) could do the hard work in one place and make it simple for downstream libraries to wrap the functionality. In other, somewhat analogous, domains that happened, but for whatever reason not in this case. > Mutual-Auth SSL/TLS is a royal PITA, and is basically guaranteed to cause you grief. The client compatibility matrix might as well be considered an NP hard problem to assure yourself coverage, and failure modes of the different browsers/SDKs all differ. As a REST API should have maximum accessibility to clients (i.e., don't wed yourself to any one language/sdk), this is pretty much a non-starter. Given the inconsistent support for mutual-auth TLS, which along with its direct ancestors has existed for a decade and a half, what makes you think they'll be widespread and correct support for SAS? Well it's more than SSH. The client library needs to to implement the headers and do the date signing. Sure it's easier than TLS, but the libraries suffers more from a lack of dedicated interest than insane complexity I would think. But I do agree with your basic point that too many people stop at authentication, instead of considering the full range of concerns. That may be a plausible reading of the commerce clause in conjunction with the 10th amendment, but it is not the one currently in force. In cases such as Wikard v Filburn and Raich v Gonzalez , the Supreme Court has held that Comgresses power to regulate extends to any activity which, in the aggregate, substantially effects interstate commerce. Such a test is trivially met by state laws forbidding the sale of automobiles directly from manufacturers to the public. I don't have enough points to post an answer there, so I'll do it here: Anyone who posted in the original thread can file a DCMA counter-notification. There is a form to generate one at chillingeffects.org: http://www.chillingeffects.org/dmca/counter512.pdf After a counter-notification is filed the entity that filed the original notice has 14 days to file suit, after which the notice is no longer effective. Although I don't have numbers, I'm not aware of very many enterprises with extensive fleets of java applets. Java in the enterprise tends to be either stand alone programs (i.e. Swing), or EJB driven middleware with JSP on the front end. Is no one anywhere on the internet allowed to write something that doesn't speak directly to you? A genericized article, while perhaps (or perhaps not) being able to make "every argument equally well" would not have been nearly as interesting or topical. I hope the entire board that approved the gambling scheme has been removed. If not the state attorney general, who is responsible for supervising non-profit boards, should open an investigation. It's one thing to gamble with an endowment, that can be couched as investment, and another to borrow money to gamble with and endanger the operational budget of the non-profit you are overseeing. That may well violate the fiduciary duty of prudence under the New York Prudent Management of Institutional Funds Act. FedEx (alledgedly) was otherwise bankrupt; Cooper Union was just fine. It's administrators and board members were just having a severe case of building envy. Go on any university campus in the US and you will find them building something. I've never heard of a building educating anyone. I'm sure most endowments use some margin, but there are different leverage ratios. The Harvard endowment has since eliminated net levage, but before the crisis they were levered to 105%. The borrowing that Cooper Union did amounted to 30% leverage. Further each the duty of prudence has to be measured against each sitution individually, according to the eight factors listed in the law: (1) general economic conditions; (2) the possible effect of inflation or deflation; (3) the expected tax consequences, if any, of investment decisions or strategies; (4) the role that each investment or course of action plays within the overall investment portfolio of the fund; (5) the expected total return from income and the appreciation of investments; (6) other resources of the institution; (7) the needs of the institution and the fund to make distributions and to preserve capital; and (8) an asset’s special relationship or special value, if any, to the purposes of the institution. Which is not to say that other boards aren't also violating their duties of prudence, but an egregious case is a good place to start. Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits discrimination on the basis of race to programs receiving government money. Even were a given university to forgo all government money, it would lose it's tax exempt status if it discriminated on the basis of race (see Bob Jones University v. United States, 461 U.S. 574 (1983)). So as a practical matter -- yes. Certainly they can. But then the EU can quit treating Switzerland like a quasi-member, and instead treat them like a they do e.g. Turkey. Because it isn't worth the effort to bilaterally negotiate every little detail with tiny Switzerland. The EU has accommodated Switzerland's extreme go-it-alone ethos by offering membership in all but name. They did so out of a sense of shared history, affection, and mutual benefit. If the Switzerland is no longer interested they can truly go it alone. As for totalitarian, it's pretty rich to argue against free movement and in favor of rank nationalism and accuse your interlocutors of totalitarian tendencies. WASP stands for White Anglo-Saxon Protestent. It sounds like your daughter doesn't qualify on at least two counts, and even a biological daughter would fail on at least one. N.B. Decendents of the Jutes, Angels, and Saxons who remained behind when those tribes invaded England are not referred to as Anglo-Saxons. Were you planning on using this site for anything other than spreading your racist, sexist, and xenophobic views? Because looking through your posts so far that about sums them up. Throw in some homophobia and you can try for bigot of the year. If you can't pick a winning stock portfolio, what makes you think you can pick a winning stock manager? (And vice-versa) Actively management mutual funds are pure snake oil. Anyone with a whiff of the ability to generate alpha goes to the hedge funds, where you get the pleasure of paying 2 and 20 for it. Even there, there are no guarantees (though SAC with it's all insider trading, all the time, comes close.) If you don't like the law try and overturn it. If you don't think the government is just try and overthrow it. That need not be violent, if you want to go the civil disobedience route, there's some rich history. But it isn't civil disobedience to secretly pirate a computer game (!) while doing everything possible to be avoid being caught and punished. The law isn't a buffet for you to pick and choose from. In theory if you have arbitrary addition and arbitrary multiplication (i.e. a ring structure) you can perform any transform on the cyphertext that you could on the (finite) plaintext. As a practical matter conplext transforms tend to produce enormous cyphertexts that can't be evaluated in any reasonable time. Which is why a lot of the cutting edge work is in renormalizing, even at the cost of restricting operations (thus somewhat rather than fully homomorphic). I don't see benchmarks for this particular implimentation yet, but the readme references the Gentry-Halevi-Smart optimizations as an inspiration. That paper Homomorphic Evaluation of the AES Circuit ( http://eprint.iacr.org/2012/099.pdf ), discusses three FHE methods of computing AES-128. The fastest disclosed implementation has an amortized run time (on a beast of a machine -- 18MB cache, 256GB RAM) of around 19 seconds per byte. In contrast some CPU have native instructions that can run AES-128 on the order of cycles per byte. So we are roughly talking a 10 billion fold slowdown. Sure but that method just trades time for space. Later work did reduce the overall complexity by substituting different "hard problems" as the cryptographic primitive, but it's still in the realm of unusable scaling characteristics. On the other hand, so far as I know, no one has published any papers that suggest a fundamental barrier to improvement. Here's hoping! The author has been a prolific blogger for around five years now. While he's moved around a bunch, his name is about as google-able as it gets (yg arrow pass the Norse world tree thing). There are few student loan totals large enough to make what is otherwise considered "high income" not wealthy. The difference in lifetime earning between two people, both of whom have a high five figure or low six figure income and good growth potential, one of whom has $150,000 in student loan debt, is not very large. Housing debt isn't relevant unless to wealth unless the house in question is underwater. So I did a back of the envelope. If you start at a $120,000/yr job at 22 and retire at 65, with increases of 2% a year, you will earn ~$8.3 million nominal over the course of your career. If you start at a $250,000/yr job at age 30 and retire at 65 , with increases of 2% a year, you will earn ~13 million nominal over the course of your career. That doesn't include the (modest) pay during the second half of medical training. The estimated cost of attendance for the most expensive medical schools top out at around $60,000 a year for four years. Assuming you meet the requirements, the federal government will lend you $40,000 of that at 6.8% and the rest at 8.5%. If nothing is paid off until after one's residency, that means our doctor would be starting his career with $330,500 in debt and a $250,000 salary. Meanwhile our petroleum engineer(?) would be earning $140,600 at that point. If the doctor put away the difference every year until his debt was paid off, it would take less than four years. Fair enough. At that age, the doctor will be making $270k debt free and the engineer $152k + $20k. In any event, the non-financial trade-offs swamp the financial ones, I would think. My basic point in the great-great grandparent post is that bellyaching of the form I'm not really rich because of X, usually doesn't stand up to scrutiny. London, Paris, Seoul, and Tokyo all shut down most of their mass transit system overnight. NYC runs it all night long (albeit with fewer trains and some diversions). By the important metric of availability that puts it among the top. Rent control is a red herring. It is dying along with the aging tenents still on it. Rent stabilization, including all the new "affordable housing" units built to get luxury developers more air rights or a tax abatement, is here to stay. Not that either one effects the outer boroughs much (minus the parts of Brooklyn that might as well be Manhatten). As it happens that other city is also where you'll find most real New Yorkers living. The difference between median market rate rents and median stabilized rents are quite small outside of Manhattan south of 96th Street.[1] Many neighborhoods have large number of nominally rent stabilized being offered for preferential rates (i.e. below the legally allowed maximum rent.) Also, Brooklyn, Queens and the Bronx have plenty of nice, and dense, housing. You should try leaving Downtown Manhattan by Disney World (tm) every once and a while. [1] http://www.nytimes.com/2012/07/08/realestate/rent-stabilized... The bar exam has little to nothing to do with what's taught in law school. Virtually everyone takes a six week, several thousand dollar cram course to prepare for the bar. Passing is a factor of how seriously you take this cram course and raw intelligence. Both of these factors are predictable before even starting law school -- the first corresponds roughly to undergraduate GPA (adjusted if necessary for major), the second to LSAT score. The only other major confounding factor is that those who have English as a second language tend to fare poorly, even when taking the normal predictors into account. More prestigious schools don't have better outcomes because they are better at teaching, they have better outputs because they start with better inputs. The market for lawyers knows this quite well, and if anything overweights it. So there is no need to double up on the signal via differential grades. I don't know if it was anyone's fault really. They were a services company whose business model only made sense in the halcyon days of dotcom 1.0. Maybe they could have used that as a launching pad for something that would have survived the trough, or maybe they could have been acquired at the perfect time a la Mark Cuban and our gracious host, but the fact that they didn't doesn't much point to any fatal failures of judgment. A lot of people got swept up in the bubble and subsequent crash (just as a lot of people are getting swept up in dotcom 2.0 and will cry bitter tears when it too crashes.) The answer is right there in the article: "Yet, what you have is code running on Linux that you can debug normally, it’s not some sort of weird hardware system that you need custom engineer for. You get the performance of custom hardware that you would expect for your data plane, but with your familiar programming and development environment." Maybe Mirage will pan out, but for right now it's in the pre-alpha stage. We've heard about the glories of microkernals before (GNU Hurd, anyone?). When google first started, or more accurately when Brin and Page were first working on PageRank, much of the content of the web was still written by hobbyists and professors. Sure there were web-rings and the like, but by and large putting together a page was a manual labor of love and linking was a personal endorsement. Now the function of a link has changed entirely. Many of them don't even exist to be clicked, and many of those that do are either advertising or the functional equivalent. There are a few places where a link really is still an endorsement: for example if I put together a hacker news comment that links a blog post I think is informative. Or a (genuine) blogger that writes about a topic. However, anytime there's a useful signal to be found in something like that the SEO jerks come and flood it. That's why we've got comment spam, we have reddit sock-puppets, we've got blogvertisments and so on. And the so-called white hat SEOs aren't much better in this regard. They are pushing their clients to go write mediocre "content" that is largely duplicative of what's already out there. People should only be writing content if they have something -- preferably interesting and/or informative -- to say, not because it means more people will visit their brochureware site, and certainly not as a means of getting (tricking?) people to click on no-value-add affiliate links or AdSense ads. That's putting the cart before the horse. Distributed software has its own pain points in development and testing, but SFAIK BigTable and MapReduce nodes run on commodity hardware running a flavor of linux.[1] [1] This paper seems to support that: http://int3.de/res/GfsMapReduce/GfsMapReducePaper.pdf I see. So the argument is that because something that was considered crazy panned out against the odds, therefore everything considered crazy is actually a good bet? That seems like dubious logic. Also unlike Google's bet on commodity hardware, I don't see the millions of dollars of savings to be had if the micro-kernel idea works out. At best you'll get an incremental performance benefit and easier debugging. It'd be different if there were no open source OSes and so rolling your own was the only alternative to paying millions in licensing fees. It's ironic that during a rant on the populist meaning of 'liberal' overwhelming the classic one, you do the exact same thing with 'corporatist'. Corporatism isn't a nation with a lot of powerful business corporations, it was a proto-fascist ideological movement in the syndicalist tradition. Ref: http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/138442/corporatism It would only cause monetary inflation if an equal amount of currency were not removed at the same time (through e.g. progressive taxation). Even if it did cause monetary inflation, that wouldn't necessarily lead to price inflation (depending e.g. on the slack in the economy). Even if there was price inflation it would likely not be uniform across goods and services. In short, while it would be possible to design a self defeating basic income program it is not inevitable. That said, I prefer the employer of last resort scheme being pushed by the Australian MMT crowd. It was the single most requested feature on the bug tracker by quite a bit. It's not something I want, but apparently there are quite a few people who do. You can host HTML, javascript and CSS files to be run in the browser on GAE already, and have been able to do so since day 1. What you can't do is run javascript server side. Given the unique requirements of server side javascript, and the fact that the single dominant implementation is maintained by a competitor in this exact space, it isn't a great fit. It is minor in comparison, but the writing is impeccable too. While the New York Times' copy-editing and style guide enforcement have been in free fall for decades, the New Yorker remains a great resource for well crafted standard written English. I often recommend it to friends who have English as a second language and are trying to improve their writing. I do warn them about the diaeresis though. They built a business copying scrabble. Whatever the legal merits of protecting a name verses protecting a game, they get exactly zero sympathy from me for their intellectual property claims. At 9:37 this doesn't seem to be working. Clicking the button takes me to http://www.www.startupnyc.org/jobs/?utf8=✓&techjob=techj... ! and an error message. Such a language would be exceedingly dull and not terribly expressive to boot. Further, bragging about not being well read strikes me as anti-intellectual. tg3 circa 2002: The fact that PHP is gaining so much popularity in the developer community means that it has benefits beyond its universality in shared hosting environments. Between signing off on warrants against journalists, signing off on the CIA murdering American citizens abroad (via OLC), and giving de facto immunity to banks and bank employees, Holder has been a terrible Attorney General. It's time for him to go. DOJ regulations require that the AG approve ('sign off' on) the request for a warrant targeting a journalist, but you are right that only a judge (well at least a magistrate) can actually authorize one. Aside from conspiracy theories regarding CIA pressure on Swedish prosecutors has the US government actually gone after the wikileaks organization at all? There were certain calls from individual congressmen and, as you mention, journalists, to do so, but I don't remember anything ever coming of it. The reason that the AG has to sign off on the request, as opposed to the usual process where a line prosecutor a few years out of law school does so on his own initiative, is because of the acknowledged conflicts of values inherent in investigating journalists for doing their jobs. So even the DOJ acknowledges it's something of a big deal, they just argue it was justified in this instance. It looks really interesting, but with facebook only signup, I can't / won't check it out further. Brandenburg lays out the incitement exception to the First Amendment. If I understand the allegations correctly (and that's made more difficult by the lack of the actual lyrics) the prosecution claims that the speech would instead be unprotected under the true threat doctrine. The leading Supreme Court case on that doctrine is Virginia v. Black 538 U.S. 343 (2003)[1], but unfortunately it's neither as clear nor quotable as Brandenburg. Here's the gist of the rule: "'True threats' encompass those statements where the speaker means to communicate a serious expression of an intent to commit an act of unlawful violence to a particular individual or group of individuals. The speaker need not actually intend to carry out the threat. Rather, a prohibition on true threats "protect[s] individuals from the fear of violence" and "from the disruption that fear engenders," in addition to protecting people "from the possibility that the threatened violence will occur." (internal citations omitted) [1] http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/cgi-bin/getcase.pl?court=US... The 30 year fixed mortgage, with a low interest rate and high leverage, is also the product of government subsidies. The reason it makes sense for a lot of Americans to buy a house is because the government spends an awful lot of money making sure it makes sense. Otherwise economies of scale, differential costs of capital, and risk-free returns from diversification would lead to a very different picture. Check out Yabla: http://www.yabla.com/ HSBC admitted to laundering at least an order of magnitude more money for, among others, the Sinaloa drug cartel, organizations linked to Hezbollah, and North Korea. No individuals were arrested, much less convicted. The bank was not charged criminally, but instead signed a deferred prosecution agreement. All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others. Refs: http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/gangster-bankers-t... http://takingnote.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/03/07/banks-above-t... I never saw an indictment, can you link the charging document or at least a press release from the DOJ? Also five individuals were arrested from Liberty, and not one from HSBC. Edit: Here's the NYTimes in Dec. 2012 saying there was no indictment: http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2012/12/10/hsbc-said-to-near-1-9... Do they tax the forgone rental income from owner occupied housing? I know Switzerland does. I understand how you would break up an individual frame if you are using the 'local illumination' described in the ancestor post, but if the 'global illumination' has interactions across the entire frame, how is that compatible with parallel processing? It sounds a bit like the n-body problem, which has parallel approximation algorithms, but nothing terribly straightforward. How exactly does a LinkedIn or Facebook profile, much less a personal video, prevent scammers? All three of those are trivial to fake. On the other hand a public feedback system with persistent identities, which they already have is harder to game. No, this is a ham fisted marketing initiative pretending to be about security. Why they didn't just buy 'likes' with coupons like every other scummy company out there, I don't know. They don't insist on both logins, so point 3 at least is out. Besides which they have your credit card on file. Why not just match that up with the scanned in driver's licence / passport? Intel generally updates it's Math Kernal Library (which includes a LAPACK implimentation) with each new architecture. If you only want to compare intel to intel and want to look at linear algebra or FFT heavy workloads, that's a great place to start. Also, I seem to remember reading that the x264 team got early access to Haswell and so were able to start optimizing their encoding routines for it. So if there's a benchmark based on that, that would be another good place to look. > What are you talking about? Universal minimum income is a socialist proposal. It has been for a fairly long time. I suppose they'll be glad to see the libertarians also agree that it could work, but it's not like Hayek alone invented it. Only in some watered down sense of the word socialist. Neither "from each according to his ability to each according to his need" nor "to each according to his contribution" are compatible with a basically capitalist society with private ownership of the means of production that happens to have a minor redistributive element layered on top of it. In fact, I suspect a Marxist analysis of such a programme would conclude that it was simply a mechanism for the capitalist class to stifle the development of class consciousness among the proletariat. The US Department of Labor collects and analyzes salary data for use in H1-B prevailing wage determinations. The online wage library is available at: http://www.flcdatacenter.com/oeswizardstart.aspx The page for San Francisco area application software developers is: http://www.flcdatacenter.com/OesQuickResults.aspx?code=15-11... TL;DR $76k to $125k, depending on education, experience, and level of supervision. If you expect actual useful output from acting as the employer of last resort you run into all sorts of problems of management, supervision, quality control, etc. A more achievable goal is solving the idle hand problem ("idle hands do the devil's work") and preventing people from cheating the negative income tax by working off the books. That's not quite right. A negative right is a restriction on government that prevents it from interfearing with or punishing certain behavior. So free speech means that the government can't punish you for critizing the government. That's a negative right. So is the right to bear arms, the right to choose, the right to free exercise of religion, and the right against self incrimination. A positive right, on the other hand, purports to create an obligation for the government. For example, the South Africa constitution guarantees its citizens basic health care. That's conceptualized as a right, they are said to have the right to health care. Some things are tricky to place. Take the right to counsel in criminal cases. Is it a positive obligation for the government to provide an attorney or is it a restriction on what the government can do to you unless it chooses to provide you an attorney? Descrimination is likewise tricky. Saying one has a right to be black is kind of nonsensical, allowed or not that's how people are born. There are two different sets of problems with email. The first, more concrete, set arises simply because of the age of the protocols. They were developed when the internet was a club of like minded people rather than a global public space. Things like: a lack of rock solid authentication, no guarantees of transit privacy (much less at rest privacy), clunky formatting, multimedia and hypermedia support, arcane attachment problems, and only hacked on support for anything beyond 1:N messaging (e.g. mailing lists). A lot of these problems have good, solid, proposed solutions but inertia and collective action problems mean that near universal support for protocol additions / changes take years if not decades. The second, more amorphous, set of problems have to do with how some people use email pervasively in their lives in a fashion that (inevitably) would be more efficiently accomplished with a tool specialized to their needs. So for example, people who spend a fair amount of time in a corporate enviorment with Exchange often bitterly miss the calendar management integration. They say that vanilla email is broken because it has no equivalent capability. Although the critique is legitamite I think the target is off, it's not email that's broken, it's federated calendaring in general. But because email can sort-of, kind-of substitute it gets the blame. I don't understand why the quality of the blog should have anything to do with the search results that link to the ecommerce site. Just because your site should show up in the ranking for "reset color scheme Samsung monitor" doesn't mean it should show up in the ranking for "buy samsung monitor". To the extent google is conflating the positive signals for the first with the second, that's a bug in their algorithm that should be fixed over time. When it is I certainly won't cry any tears for the people that exploited the bug all this time. Not every commuter takes the subway to and from Penn Station. The surrounding area has a lot of offices, so many people take light rail there and then just walk to and from work. The second you try and do anything non-trivial without first "paying your dues" (and kissing the right asses) you find all your work trashed. If you complain or try to keep it in place you'll see a dozen different bureaucratic maneuvers involving obscure jargon and weird, diificult to use, administrative pages and processes to thwart you. It's amazing the wikipedia is as useful as it is given how utterly hostile it is to new contributors. I hope it continues to be useful and thrives, but I'm not so masochistic to actually fight to volunteer. The difference is that in a youth hostel everyone in the hostel signed up to be staying there. In an Airbnb hostel, all the neighbors signed up to be living in a condo/co-op/residential rental building and one guy decided on his own to turn his unit into a hostel. You'd have to be very rich and have an extraordinarily resilient body to party all day all year round. Whereas an ever changing cast of vacationers can each party while on vacation and then return to quiet lives in their home town. Instead of enumerating what they don't do, which leads one to wonder what's left out, they could exhaustively enumerate the ways that they do cooperate. To a certain extent that's what they do with the transparency report. But I saw no strong claim that the report was complete, on the contrary the "whenever possible" language outright suggests the report is incomplete. I'm sympathetic to being caught between a rock and a hard place, but given that this program only seems to involve US based companies, I would suggest that where ever possible people should prefer non-US software and services. Just as one prefers non-Chinese hardware for the exact same reason. Why limit it to terrorism? With access to email, instant messages, social media streams, search terms and some damn fine data scientists Google could sniff out an awful lot of wrongdoing. Should they be developing software to figure out who is beating their kids and notify the local police? Cheating on thier taxes and notify the IRS? Breaking their marriage vows and notify thier spouses? United States v. Verdugo-Urquidez - 494 U.S. 259 (1990) at 264-266 From the headnote: "The Fourth Amendment phrase "the people" seems to be a term of art used in select parts of the Constitution, and contrasts with the words "person" and "accused" used in Articles of the Fifth and Sixth Amendments regulating criminal procedures. This suggests that "the people" refers to a class of persons who are part of a national community or who have otherwise developed sufficient connection with this country to be considered part of that community." Right that's the holding, but the dicta suggests that some non-resident, non-citizens (i.e. temporary visitors) also are unprotected by the fourth amendment. Various lower court decisions have fleshed out what constitutes "substantial connections". No that's a misunderstanding of the legal term of art "knowingly". It is a legal maxim that ignorance of the law is no excuse. A law that has a mens rea (i.e. intent) of "knowingly" refers to some factual circumstance that is one of the elements of the crime. An example from the New York state penal law: "156.05 Unauthorized use of a computer. A person is guilty of unauthorized use of a computer when he or she knowingly uses, causes to be used, or accesses a computer, computer service, or computer network without authorization." In this case the "knowingly" element is satisfied if you knew (or should have known) that you didn't not have authorization to access the computer, computer service, or computer network. Similarly for possession statutes, the (sometimes implicit) knowingly element is satisfied if you knew you possessed the given item even if you had no idea possessing it was illegal. A situation where the knowingly element would not be satisfied, is if someone snuck the item into your luggage. It's very unlikely. Just look at who they are hiring, still mostly mathematicians. Quantum computing is mostly physics, chemistry, and a lot of painstaking engineering. Unless they are secretly borrowing people hired on at e.g. the DoE, I just don't see it. Which wouldn't make a lot of sense if they already had a generation of quantum computers with enough qubits to brute force RSA-1024. Let's run some numbers. It looks like the average round trip the last year it flew on the New York to London route on the Concorde was $12,000 and lasted 3.5 hours. You could fly that route on a regular plane for around $1,000 in a trip that takes 7.5 hours. So the implied value of your time if you took the Concorde was around $2,750 / hr. If you net that up to a standard work year (2000 hours) it's $5.5 million. 1 in 1000 households in the US declare income of more than $2 million a year. It's not that we are too cheap, it's that we aren't rich enough. How did costs line up? It's not just CO2. Contrails have their own warming effect, and then there is local air pollution by airports. It sounds like you have a healthy attitude towards the whole thing. Basically it's a hobby that has some nice side effects. As someone professionally responsible for maintaining and extending a legacy GWT project, I couldn't agree more with this view. I'm no longer willing to tie my career to google's fickle attention span. Particularly since as I understand it the dart team has some of the same personnel from the old gwt team. They are masters at the art of soft deprecation through neglect. GWT may have been released 7 years ago, but it isn't like it was abandoned 5 years ago and the last stragglers have been dying off since then. The release tempo didn't fall off a cliff until the end of 2011, which just so happens to be when Dart was announced. Not that there weren't signs of ADD before that, what with the dizzying changes in how-things-ought-to-be-done with each point release. But an attendee of 2011 Google IO could quite reasonably have come away with the impression that as far as Google was concerned the future of GWT was glorious. (see http://www.google.com/events/io/2011/sessions.html ) Even in this age of iterating, pivots, and agility, two years is a quick turnaround from breathless evangelizing to dead and buried. I think you'll see even more use of js to optimized js transformers like closure. Diesel is cheating, but switching out the entire battery pack isn't? What PFS will protect against in this scanario is decrypting SSL sessions whose cyphertexts were captured before the attacker had access to the private key. It doesn't protect against (any) man-in-the-middle attacks. There does seem to be some sort of difference between the beer world (and to a lesser extent scotch) and the wine world. Not one single beer enthusiast is going to confuse a Rochefort with a Dogfish Head IPA. Doesn't matter what bottle it comes in, or if you are blindfolded or what. Same thing with Laphroaig and Dewers. There are simply different drinks. Now it is entirely possible, probable even, that marketing, labeling and price has an effect on which beers or scotches you identify as good, but that's different from treating things that are indistinguishable as distinguishable. Yes. Higher education is the only industry to give medicine a run for its money in cost inflation. Some blame Baumol's cost disease[1], and that's probably an element of it, but so too are the multiplication of deanlets and deanlings[2], the cancerous growth of the physical facilities a of every school, spending per student being used as a proxy for quality by the USN&WR, the rise of bidding wars for celebraty faculty, ect. Much or all these effects are enabled by incentives for those that run universities in which holding costs down play little to no role. That's partially a function of the student loan system and partially a function of lax oversight of "charitable" organizations in general. [1] http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baumol's_cost_disease [2] http://www.washingtonmonthly.com/magazine/septemberoctober_2... I like the presentation with the colored graphs, it definitely it a good way of demonstrating the problem. However for his own implementation, it's hard to see how significant the residual timing attacks are. If fact just looking at the graph, and without the acknowledgment in the introduction, I'd be hard pressed to say that those pictures had any irregularity at all. The browsers all have automated form filling functionality, as do many of the password plugin providers (e.g. lastpass). Even if you had a credit card swiper connected to your computer you'd still have to enter the CVV2 and associated address information because from the merchant's point of view it'd still be a card not present transaction. If you want to change that, you'd have to go down the road of having a piece of hardware that a third party can trust the owner hasn't tampered with. That's a really difficult problem as various DRM schemes have shown. The there's the integration between the swiper and the operating system and the operating system and the browser. And at the end you are still left with a UX very much like the form filling software because the browser needs to guess where to put the information and have some way of fixing it if it got it wrong. The City is not a sovereign entity. It owes its allegiance to the Crown, but it has been granted certain inalienable privileges over the years. Vatican City on the other hand is a sovereign entity under the Lateran Treaty, and is recognized as such by international law. Under US law it is very difficult to see how either would be possible without a Constitutional amendment. Are you talking affirmatively authorizing murder rather then simply not penalizing it? Because I can't think of any constitutional provision that even hints at a requirement for Congress to promulgate a penal code at all. The warrant, if there was one, never issued. The case in question was Ex parte Merryman . Justice Taney was sitting as a Circuit Court (middle level federal court) judge for the case, as was the usual practice for Supreme Court Justices at the time. Historical evidence for the purported warrant comes from a book written by a Lincoln confidant and bodyguard named Ward Lamon in the 1880s. I seem to remember sending the Library of Congress a cd with source code on it when I did a copyright registration. I guess we'll see what they've done with it when the first computer program copyrights expire in around 50 years (assuming Disney doesn't buy anymore extensions). So-called professional courtesy is the canary in the coal mine. If there's a jurisdiction where police officers can speed with utter impunity, it's a good bet that a lot worse is going on. In my own city, I was appalled by the spectacle of hundreds of police officers protesting in and around a courthouse where officers and union officials involved in a ticket fixing ring were being arraigned. Ref: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/10/29/nyregion/officers-unleash-... > The reason the cost of healthcare is so high is because medicare pays roughly 15% of a bill, others are somewhere between 20-50% of a bill depending. That is to say if the doctor charges you $40,000 you pay your 10% co-pay of $4,000 and the insurance then only pays maybe another $8,000. That help may explain extremly high nominal prices, but it doesn't explain the fact that the median price paid is also really high (The $12,000 in your example). Nor do cross subsides explain the high costs. Both bottom up analysis looking at the amounts paid by various insurance companies for procedures and top down analysis of overall per capita health care spending reveal a system that is far, far more expensive than any other health care system in the world. Why should Medicare pay for every residency in the country? If hospitals can afford to give their executives seven figure compensation packages, they can afford to fund a few residents. Sheer and utter nonsense. First there are a huge number of students who wish to go to medical school and don't get in. There's no shortage of applicants at all. Second the incredibly high compensation for speciality doctors quickly overcomes both opportunity cost and tuition costs as compared to almost any other profession. I encourage you to run the numbers. You will find that $250k/year catches up very quickly to $100k/year even with a 10 year head start and $300,000 in extra debt. Why would I solicit anecdotes, when there is data available? Median compensation for all physicians is above $200,000/yr for every region of the country.[1] The highest averge earning speciality is not surgery but radiology at $315,000. [2] Focusing on primary care doctors is a goalpost shift. Your original talking about the extensive opportunity costs for all doctors and specifically mentioned the additional time needed to specialize. Furthermore foreign born and educated doctors, who faced very different trade-offs, make up a disproportionate percentage of primary care physicians.[3] Finally, primary care is the area most suitable for less expensive medical professions, if only doctors quit engaging in anti-competitive lobbying. In any event, medical school applications alone put lie to any sort of overall compensation-driven doctor shortage, which was your original complaint. Maybe it's because I'm not a Christian, but I'm puzzled as to how a profession can be plagued simultaneously with God complexes and Martyr complexes. [1] http://www.medscape.com/features/slideshow/compensation/2012... pg 5 [2] ibid pg 2 [3] http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/12/health/12chen.html It's one of those "you aren't the client" situations. The brokers are horrific for apartment searchers, but are more convenient for landlords than trying to show and rent units themselves. Very large apartment complexes (e.g. Stuyvesant Town) tend to have in house sales staff. Although even there some poor schlimazels end up needlessly paying a fee. Who pays the broker is generally a sign of the market conditions. When it's a renters market the landlord eats the fees, when vacancies are down, like now, it's the other way around. Also, for all the reasons mentioned in potatolicious's other post [1], it's difficult for a landlord that is renting directly (i.e. without a fee) to convincingly communicate that fact to potential renters. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6027785 In 2002-3, I remember landlords not only paying broker's fees, but also offering 1-2 months free. Then in 2009-10 there was another dip after the banks laid off all those people. I wasn't renting in the Dinkins' era, but from what I hear it was an entirely different story. Not just in an international setting. Even in a closed universe it's a lot more difficult to measure, or even define, profit than revenue. Although they are both called income tax, individuals are largely taxed on income, corporations on profit. Better would be trying to tax the beneficiaries of the corporation. The best measure of profitability is some benefit to the owner. Usually capital appreciation or dividends, but sometimes outsize cash or non-cash compensation in an employee context, or as a non-arms length counterparty. Increase the dividend and capital gains* rates substantially, start taxing fringe benefits, transform the corporate income tax into a very small tax on revenue to prevent the multiplication of corporate entities, crack down on people who renounce US citizenship (by for example making them inadmissible) and call it a day. *Also eliminate the capital gains basis reset when assets are transferred at death. That makes no sense at all. Exactly which class is a bus driver making $90,000 a year with top of the line health insurance, a pension, and great job security in? Barely middle class, that's 150% of the metropolitan statistical area's median household income for one worker. Plus a health care plan worth $1700/month for only $95/month and a generous pension with no employee contribution. If you want to deal with wealth inequality how about starting with people that are actually poor, instead of the near-rich? You know, like the people that have to take the bus to get to work, because they can't afford a car. Barely middle class, what planet do you live on? If I were JK Rowling, I'd complain to the Solicitors Regulation Authority for appropriate discipline. From their handbook: "Protection of confidential information is a fundamental feature of your relationship with clients. It exists as a concept both as a matter of law and as a matter of conduct. This duty continues despite the end of the retainer and even after the death of the client." If you disagree with it, you are free not to copyright your own works. It's awfully convenient that this fundamental right you are positing allows you to use other's work without doing anything at all yourself. Like so many unrealistic libertarian positions the grandparent demands the fruits of civilization while rejecting the very rules that made them possible. There exists even to this day places where you can freely live in something very much like a state of nature, where life continues to be nasty, brutish, and short but you have maximal FREEDOM! The original post in this thread wasn't talking about supporting or not supporting bad laws, he was talking about ignoring them ("much simpler and cleaner to acquire the source"). Ignoring laws because you disagree with them is anarchy. Also while applications of copyright impact freedom of expression (i.e. The Wind Done Gone , there are plenty that don't. There's nothing expressive about pirating software, and very little expressive in redistributing unmodified or barely modified proprietary software. Whipping in the United States Congress is far less effective than in Parliament. There is no equivalent to the three line whip and the party leadership can't expel members. The most they can do to rebellious members is take away their preferred committee assignments, and even there they are hemmed in by tradition. However, particularly for Republicans at the present time, there is always a looming threat of a primary challenge if ideological purity is not maintained. The blog post makes reference to a 9th Circuit case, Cumbie v Woody Woo[1] and the Department of Labor policy purporting to overrule it.[2] The latter is full of incredibly weak legal reasoning. It's so bad, I forced to wonder if John Yoo[3] has taken a job with the Department of Labor. I'd go so far as to say that a lawsuit filed on the basis outlined in the memo would be frivolous and sanctionable. [1] http://cdn.ca9.uscourts.gov/datastore/opinions/2010/02/23/08... [2] http://www.dol.gov/whd/FieldBulletins/fab2012_2.htm [3] The author of the infamous torture memos, that argued that it isn't torture unless it's as painful as losing a major organ. The term was already in use before some kind of business self help guru decided to adopt it. It's someone at a bank or other financial institution that is responsible for insuring compliance with the relevant legal regulations. Tip at a food truck? I've always understood tips to be customary in the restaurant industry for sit-in or delivery, not pick up. It took a while to settle down, but I think the general consensus on generations is now: Greatest Generation -> Baby Boomers -> Gen X -> millennial (f.k.a. Gen Y) If you set generation length at 20 years, and the anchor point of 1946 as the beginning of the baby boomers, you get a definition of millennial of 1986-2006. That is about right IMO for people who grew up with pervasive internet. No one knows what the 2006-2026 generation will be called, the oldest of them are barely out of elementary school. For the attack to work you need to be able to eavesdrop on the ciphertext. Network protocols don't make any particular effort to prevent that, although the move from shared ethernet to switched ethernet has made it more difficult. It's called felony murder. If someone is killed during the commission of: robbery, rape, arson, burglary, or while escaping from prison, anyone involved in the underlying crime is liable for the death. Veto just means "I forbid". It is perfectly fine to use it outside the context of the President denying his consent to legislation. For example I could, and have, vetoed a resturant in a discussion of where to go for dinner. In this case a decision of the International Trade Commission is presumptively valid unless the President, or his designee, forbids the ruling from going into effect -- or in other words, unless he vetoes it. GWT was used internally, by AdWords even. That didn't stop it from getting dropped on the floor when the new shiny came along. It is very difficult to move a non-trivial product from corporate developed with source code available to community developed even if both are technically open source. If things like design docs & decisions, the main bug tracker, commit rights, and so on are all internal you end up with no one with the institutional knowledge to take over if the company decides to drop it. The most famous example of this is probably the open sourcing of Netscape Navigator which lead to a four year gap before the next release, due to a ground up rewrite. Yes, I know they have people working on it. Among other things this work consists of closing 90% of existing bugs as assumed stale. I'm sure that if you have code that works today it will continue to work if you change nothing (although there is talk of dropping support for IE8) but there are a lot of rough edges that will now never be improved. That's not optimal for people who bought the story that google was selling to developers just two years ago at IO -- that this was the wave of the future and well worth devoting effort to learning and pitching to clients. That's a terrible idea. Bitcoin is difficult to use for both buyer and seller, has high transaction costs, and is associated in the minds of many customers with illegal transactions. All that is secondary though to the extreme lack of stability of value, which is pretty important in a medium of exchange. You might as well be telling him to accept tulips. Transaction fees aren't the only cost. You get killed on the bid/ask spread because the USD/BTC market is very illiquid as compared to say USD/INR. The INR/BTC market is so thin you'd be lucky to get fills at all. I'd be interested to see someone do a USD -> BTC -> INR -> BTC -> USD and see a) if it's even possible in a reasonable amount of time and b) at what cost. Edit: here's a link to an Indian "local integration partner" of bitpay http://indiabitcoin.com/ . They are buying bitcoins for 82% of what they are selling them for. This is really a tough sell as a policy issue. I'm supposed to be all upset that wages are being depressed from $200,000 to $100,000 for people who happened to have fallen out of their mothers on one side of an invisible line even though it means opportunities for people to make $100,000 who would otherwise be making $25,000 but happened to be born on the other side of the world? Sorry, far from being upset, that sounds to me like a great trade-off. Sure the companies aren't doing it out of altruism, but the net result is quite positive. All those 'underpaid' American born engineers working in silicon valley can comfort themselves knowing that they will still be among the 1% richest people in the entire world. N.B. Look up PPP before objecting based on how much an apartment in SF costs. Employers have to pay the industry prevailing wage or the wage actually paid to comparable US national employees. So the law already does what you are suggesting. > If you are in the business of producing (say) cars, you have to make capital investments, including investments in human capital - why should software be a special snowflake? It's perfectly legal for a car company to import sub-assemblies from abroad. Why should we have free movement of capital and goods, but not labor? I think you mean the blood of the people who were already living here. Isn't it enough that nationalism killed 100+m people in the 20th century, do we really need to have it hanging around our neck in the 21st? Either the prevailing wage paid by all companies in the area, or the actual wage paid to comparable employees in that actual company. They might well have been a community before your glorious war dead who "established and preserved a nation" slaughtered them. How exactly is that justification for continuing to treat people born on one side of a line as valuable human beings and those on the other worthless? Is it a moral sunk cost theory -- as long as we've committed all these atrocities in the name of nationalism might as well keep going? Well I'm not European, but I'd be willing to pay the same amount as I'm willing to pay for the children of rural Arkansas farmers. Which is to say nothing at all. But I'd gladly hire either one if they could do the job. I'm sorry, I guess I misunderstood your point. No, 100k would work. But if the industry median were 100k and but the company in question paid US workers in that title 150k, they'd have to pay 150k. Are you really trying to justify genocide on the basis that people who live in a community have no moral obligations to anyone outside their community? I would have thought that reasoning went out of fashion circa September 30, 1946. So the plan is to appeal to rank nationalism? I suggest any lobbying group that's formed concentrate its ad dollars on Fox News. If you are okay with Greek olive oil (and you probably should be) go over to Astoria and visit one of the Greek supermarkets. E.g. http://www.titanfoods.net/mm5/merchant.mvc?Screen=SFNT&Store... Actual Italian immigrants are scare on the ground these days, so I'm not convinced you'd see anything particularly unique in e.g. the Arthur Avenue section of the Bronx. But I could be wrong. Right now it's a buyer's market for legal services. Regardless of what the retainer says, if you call up the relationship partner and point out that you were just billed $1500 by a second year associate for photocopying he will work with you. Beyond that larger clients are negotiating (imposing really) explicit conditions into thier agreements to prevent abusive billing. Things like minimum detail requirements (no more "5hr - lgl resrh"), no first year associates, no clerical work, etc. Then there's capped and flat fee billing. Definitely a time of big changes. Excellent write up! A couple of additions: First, there are a few practice areas where the old model still reigns, generally those where the courts approve bills rather than a client. You still see bankruptcy conferences where each creditor committee and the trustee bring two partners and three associates -- all billing back to the estate for a total of five figures an hour. Second, another big change was a series of rule changes and ethics panel decisions which allowed for contingency fees in many areas of the law. Traditionally such arrangements were considered akin to barratry. While most people imagine that contingency fee cases are all small law firms doing personal injury, there are some types of very large cases that are done that way (i.e. qui tam litigation). > If you're a Fortune 500 company, you have the legal staff to handle legal billing--or even the legal work itself directly. I'd think that the general counsel of such a company is a prime target for this product. Carefully reviewing millions of dollars worth of charges billed six minutes at a time is extremely labor intensive. Having a product that does a first pass to find anomalies is a great way to cut down on the effort required. This is why many professionally drafted contracts will have somewhere in the integration clause[1] language that says that the agreement can only be modified in writing, and only by a person with a specific title at the company. [1] http://www.legalmatch.com/law-library/article/contract-integ... The financial aid system shouldn't be pre hoc means tested, it should be post hoc means tested. 18 years old is old enough to vote, marry, and enlist in the military. The government ought not to be looking at parents to foot the bills for legal adults. Something like the Harvard Law School debt repayment program: http://www.law.harvard.edu/current/sfs/lipp/participant-cont... If a given college is worried that such a plan will bankrupt it, perhaps it should reconsider the value of the education it is providing. I guess you're right about what happened here. I'm shocked that someone at the bank physically signed and returned the modified offer. In US contract law governed by common law principles there is something called the mirror image rule. An offer must be wholly accepted or else rejected. If any terms are modified that is treated as a rejection and counter-offer. The UCC, which in the relevent part only covers the sale of goods, abrogates this rule and allows and contract to be formed so long as the material terms are identical. The provisions of the resulting contract are governed by UCC 2-207 and the process of determine them is given the colorful name the "battle of the forms". There is a similar case in the US dealing with acceptance that was later claimed to be a joke: Lucy v. Zehmer , 196 Va. 493 (1954) The test is objective manifestation of intent to be bound. The schools should lend students their education. They are in the best position to underwrite such loans, and such a system would eliminate the current perverse incentives the schools face. Do you think the landscape is completely unchanged since the Carter administration? While this history can certainly be interesting, you're anecdotes aren't all that helpful for people looking for options now such as the person who wrote the blog post. https://code.google.com/p/keyczar/ From their homepage: Crypter crypter = new Crypter("/path/to/your/keys"); String ciphertext = crypter.encrypt("Secret message"); I don't believe that Lavabit ever claimed to be encrypting email metadata. Then there was also the requests for payment records, log information and the like. So even if they couldn't deliver all requested information, they could deliver some. As he alludes to there used to be a website called fuckedcompany.com that chronicled the first dotcom collapse. Very entertaining, and a good way to find out where lightly used aeron chairs could be found to boot. I'm sure nothing like that will happen again, this time is totally different. If you have to customize the client anyway, you might as well encrypt the metadata. It looks like you can use an unmodified IMAP server -- your MTA would encrypt each mail part individually and your mail client would decrypt. The sticking point is server side search, which is available in IMAP4. You'd either have to skip that, or implement one of the search over encrypted data algorithms (which are rather slow). Well I guess it comes down to how important you think the metadata is. In reponse to your edit, if you are storing everything client side than POP works and is considerably simpler. Heck you could even just do local delivery. The idea for IMAP with encrypted mail parts would be to allow multiple clients to access a remote mail store where the remote mail store could not read any of the stored email or its metadata even if it wanted to. You'd also want your MTA to reject mail not sent over TLS. No matter what you do though if the remote server is compromised -- technically or legally -- your future emails are subject to capture. The client would have to be open source in order for that to work. Otherwise they can just force the provider to put a backdoor in the client code. Probably open source with no downloadable binaries would be best. Maybe even better would be something like only pulling off a source control system so there's an easily accessible audit trail. The idea being not necessarily to prevent an evil adversary, but to convince a judge that there's no way to convincingly be an evil adversary. You have no basis to say that everything sought was produced. It is true that the subpoena asked for it, but a response to a subpoena that supplies what can be supplied and explains why the rest can't be supplied would not trigger another court docket entry unless the government didn't believe the explanation. Because a subpoena is filed before the government actually contacts the witness, the government typically asks for everything it could possibly get or want. Hushmail is in Canada, I have no idea what the rules surrounding cooperating with the government are there. In the US when it comes to subpoenas from civil or criminal courts, you only need to produce "books, papers, documents, data, or other objects" in your possession. The passwords were not in Lavabit's possession at the time it received the subpoena. Furthermore, subpoenas can be quashed if they are " unreasonable or oppressive" (see e.g. FRCrimP 17c). Asking a witness to write custom code in order to capture a user's password is a textbook example of an unreasonable request. The rules for national security requests on the other hand are entirely different. 50 USC 1805(c)(2) requires the recipient of an electronic surveillance order to: "(B) that, upon the request of the applicant, a specified communication or other common carrier, landlord, custodian, or other specified person, or in circumstances where the Court finds, based upon specific facts provided in the application, that the actions of the target of the application may have the effect of thwarting the identification of a specified person, such other persons, furnish the applicant forthwith all information, facilities, or technical assistance necessary to accomplish the electronic surveillance in such a manner as will protect its secrecy and produce a minimum of interference with the services that such carrier, landlord, custodian, or other person is providing that target of electronic surveillance;" In addition to being a crappy fighter the F-35 is also a crappy bomber and close air support aircraft. Not that it's a surprise that a plane designated fighter (or 'strike' or 'fighter/attack') isn't good at these things. We've virtually abandoned A and B line planes because the testosterone blinded fighter mafia in the airforce would rather have fun toys than useful equipment, and the navy is right there with them because heavy planes can't take off from aircraft carriers. It doesn't help that the one bomber the air force begrudgingly agreed to acquire is an obscenely expensive hanger queen, designed for nuclear bombing runs deep into the Soviet Union. If the army wasn't barred from operating fixed wing aircraft by the pernicious Key West agreement, maybe they would operate as a voice of reason. We should be working on a replacement for the AC-130 (1968), the A-10 (1977), and B-52 (1955!). To the extent we actually need more air superiority fighters they can bring back the F-22 line. The B-1 was an even bigger debacle than the B-2. Its development time and cost overruns were enormous, and involved a curious scandal where the Carter administration tried the kill the project, but the Pentagon illegally kept it alive off budget so that it was still around to be revived by the Reagan administration. When it finally did roll off the production line almost two decades after the RFP went out, its obsolete stealth, engine problems, and initial inability to deploy non-nuclear weapons kept it from being used in the Gulf War. So it was widely deployed in Afghanistan, 35 years after the design phase began and almost 20 years after production. After so long time had passed the stealth technology was no longer particularly effective and so the bombers were deployed after complete air dominance had been achieved, thus negating one of the chief supposed benefits of the plane over the B-52. I am optimistic about UAVs as a relatively inexpensive replacement for a lot of aircraft, but I fear that once their successes start to endanger the justifications for testosterone toys, internal factions within the military as well as politicians in the pockets of defense contractors will hit back hard. Check to see if you are in a Tom Clancy novel, because you certainly aren't in any war the US is plausibly going to be involved in. Every country with fighters >= 4.5th generation is locked into either nuclear or economic (or both) MAD with the US. What would China's economy look like after they decided to launch an invasion of Taiwan? SEAD, CAS, precision bombing, cargo and personnel transport -- these are missions that our military will actually be called on to perform, not the dogfighting the fighter pilot mafia wishes was needed. The nuclear triad always seemed a bit circular to me. We have three main means of delivering nuclear weapons, so it must be a good idea to have three different means of delivering nuclear weapons. I don't see it. With geographic diversity and at least one delivery system that is mobile and easy to hide we should be more than capable of asserting a second strike capability. What's really needed from a modern bomber is a high munition capacity, a large combat radius, and long loiter times. Cheap to build and operate would be great too. Super stealth as well as high speeds and maneuverability are simply expensive distractions. For the rare situation where we need to deliver something like a conventional bunker buster deep inside of territory that we don't wish to first completely destroy the AA cababilities of first -- i.e. an Osirak type mission -- we still have 20 of those $2 billion B-2s. I don't mean this in a snarky way, but what about it? Are you saying it will be a good bomber or close air support plane? Could the exact same arguments be made about a nuclear dyad or quad? What makes three so special? Like so much else the baby boomers ruined this. When they went to college it was inexpensive enough to work your way through and most of the faculty was full time moderately paid professors. Now tuition at many places is more than the national median household income, and the most of the faculty is made up of very poorly paid adjutants with a thin gerontocracy layer of tenured professors taking up most of the faculty salary pie. And they're all loaded to the gills with deanlets and deanlings. The schools are in the best position to underwrite loans. They should be the ones loaning out educations. That also has the advantage of giving the schools a stake in the marketability of their graduates. It's an important consideration and so a good question. A couple of points: First I don't think such a school would remain the best very long. There was a time when CCNY and the CUNY system in general had a fantastic reputation largely because it served an immigrant population that the Harvards of the world refused to take on as students or faculty. CCNY's fortunes turned around for many reasons, but one of them was that the traditional top schools dropped their racial/ethnic quota systems and introduced aggressive need based scholarships. Second, I think we a society need to move away from the idea that 18-22+ year olds are still members of their parents' economic unit. In Sweden college tuition is free, yet the percentage of students taking out loans is higher than the US because there is no expectation that parents will pay living costs. Perhaps banning co-signers for such student loans is going too far, but perhaps not. I'd say considerably better. You have to understand the backround though. In the beginning (or at least the beginning for me, I was pretty young during the Koch era) there was Dinkins, and the city was a crime ridden cesspool. You weren't supposed to take the subway at night, or go anywhere near a park. Parked cars routinely had their radios and sometimes tires stolen. There were very aggressive beggars all over the place. Whole parts of Manhattan, much less the outer boros, were no go zones. Then came Giuliani. I think most people that lived in the city under Giuliani have very mixed feelings. The crime rate dropped, which was great, but there was very much a sense that a deal had been made with the devil. While to this day stop and frisk is a major issue for minority communities, back then there was a sense that the NYPD was killing and beating up people for no reason. Then there was the whiff of corruption (around Kerik and others), the messy personal life, fights with the unions, and the drama around the Senate race. I'll skip the post-9/11 apotheosis because it's not really relevant in the long run. So that's when Bloomberg came in. He continued to preside over a drop in crime, but without as much visible divisiveness (though as mentioned above stop and frisk is still very much alive). Ditto with the public sector unions, they were still unhappy but there didn't seem to be the same sense of crises surrounding labor affairs. Meanwhile the finances of the city are very much improved, in spite of looming pension and health care problems the city is in very good financial shape as compared to any other large American city. No one thinks he's corrupt -- people think he's too rich to be corrupt. Then there's the nanny stuff, there's mixed opinions about that, but even smokers seem to be okay with having no smoking in bars. The biggest knock on him is that he only cares about Manhattan and the rich people that live there. That may be true from an emotional standpoint, but from a practical standpoint what he's done has benefited all layers of the city. The gentrification of Manhattan has generated a ton of revenue which is being plowed into services across the city. Honestly other than being better at feeling people's pain, I don't really see the argument. There are undoubtedly problems across a range of programs -- such is the nature of the beast -- but the one you've picked doesn't seem like much of one. Giving the homeless singles a place to sleep seems like a good policy not a bad one, and I don't see why the NIMBYites of the upper west side shouldn't bear their share of the burden. Perhaps the city is overpaying, but $100/night is hardly as grotesque as your original $400/night. Finally, in a city with 1.5 million rental apartments, I very much doubt that a few hundred apartments leased by the city for the homeless on the upper west side has contributed to massive hikes in rent across the city. If you want to blame anything for high market rents blame rent control and rent stabilization. I'd love if Bloomberg had gotten rid of them, but that's one of the third rails of city politics so I don't much hold it against him. I'm with you. The occasional building is fine, but this business with whole neighborhoods gets out of hand. The landmark commission recently created a landmark district in the east village. The east village is an ugly neighborhood of undistinguished walk up buildings. It's no historic Penn Station, that's for sure. The justification was that it was historically important because generations of immigrants had moved through the area. Generations of immigrants had moved through the area, because at the time it was built it was high density housing, and so was affordable. So to honor that history we are going to keep in as a museum that no one can afford to live in. Brilliant! > The open Internet is not like any old public space. But the ruling doesn't threaten to ambiguously target people who just change an IP to get around an ordinary IP ban. I don't see why we should sympathize with the 'ordinary' IP changers. I read a number of blogs plagued by persistent trolls. Why shouldn't the proprietors of these blogs have a legal tool available to deal with those who won't take a hint? It comes up here from time to time. People strongly disagree with this or that poster being banned. That's fine, people can disagree. But what 'right' do you have to post on pg's site after he unequivicably tells you he doesn't want you to? > By extending their argument from "IP block and C&D" (something I accept may be valid here as a civil violation) to merely "IP block", the court may have just found that 1) is a crime independent of any malice or damages, among other things. I don't read the opinion to say that. In fact, I'd say that the court put more weight on the C&D than the IP ban (contra Prof. Kerr who reads the statue as giving primacy to the technological measure). Though admittedly the analysis is rather short. 3taps doesn't argue it thought it got caught up in an over aggressive automated filter. It knew Craigslist didn't want it to access its website and did anyway. I don't see why slippery slope arguments ought to let them off the hook. Though I agree a civil forum is generally the best for this sort of thing. This seems to be the biggest issue: Changing all callbacks that return Handle to return void and instead pass the return value in as a parameter. You have to find their upstream and subpoena their DHCP (or equivalent) records. That's what the plaintiffs in the P2P lawsuits have been trying to do. You may not be successful for a variety of reasons. In that case this ruling would not apply. Not the ruling is precedent anyway, since it is a district court (lowest federal court) order. It depends on what you are trying to prevent. If you run your own MTA/IMAP server and lock down the OS and BIOS sufficiently -- including encrypting the hard drive -- you can be fairly confident that your at rest emails, including metadata, will not be accessed without your knowledge. But there's not much at all you can do to prevent mail sent to or from your machine from being intercepted. Configuring your MTA to only converse over TLS will help, but ultimately you have no good reason to trust the other mail server. You can encrypt all your message bodies using either PGP or S/MAIL, but that requires the people you are conversing with the have key pairs, and doesn't protect metadata. You may have a legal case for moving expenses and lost wages. Something along the lines of fraudulent inducement -- especially in California. I'd talk to an employment lawyer if I were you. Fair enough. Best of luck. Is the delivered js minimized / compiled or delivered in human readable form? Super Dev Mode doesn't work with GWT RPC. Plus as neat a technology as source maps is, and as slick as the browser dev environments are getting, for non-js languages they still aren't equivalent to a full fledged IDE like eclipse. Lavabit had a similar architecture, only with the password could the server-side email be unencrypted. Although we don't know for sure, it appears that the government insisted that they trojan their client side code to retrieve the password. Your secret sauce, if I understand it correctly, is open sourcing the client side code and providing some mechanisms to assure end users that what they are executing matches the publically published code. That makes sense to me, but I don't see why you wouldn't go one step further and store the secret key in the browser plug-in. Is it an multiple-installation issue? Thanks for the response. I would look back at some of the articles that came out on the imessage protocol several months back. They face a similar key distribution problem given that iMessages can potentially be delivered to multiple devices. I don't remember if the reverse engineering ever figured out exactly how they cracked that nut, but I seem to remember that there were some reasonable hypothesis. I use both the LIRR and NYC Subway versions all the time. I hope they aren't shut down. I don't know about SF and BART, but in NYC it's not just a matter of telling you to board the next train. Since there are multiple possible routes from A to B it may well be that needing to take the next train moves one route from optimal to suboptimal. So yes, ideally the app would know that you can't walk a city block and two flights of steps in one minute and nix that as a transfer option. Bonus points if it told you which part of the train to get on to minimize the transfer time. Regulatory capture can take the form of outright corruption, but the more insidious form is cognitive capture. That's where the regulators simply don't have a sufficiently detached perspective from those they are regulating. They internalize the needs and thought patterns of the industry as there own. A related phenomenon in foreign affairs circles is called "going native". Gold has a large cross section, which basically means it presents a big target (amusingly such measurents are made in units of 'barns'). It's also stable, so you don't have to worry about natural decay events polluting your data. > The article could be drastically improved by highlighting the bisection between immersion and pourover brewing methods in hand-brewed coffee. Did you miss the chart about 2/3 of the way through labeled "spectrum of body and flavor clarity" and accompanying discussion? It goes into exactly this and even uses the same examples of a french press vs pourover. They also recommend a burr grinder, scale, and thermometer as you do in the your last paragraph. I'm forced to wonder if you read the article before returning here to critique it. Has image spriting gone out of style? That's one of the most fiddly bits, but I don't see it on your list. I did something very much like this for a few years. Ultimately though it's only as good as your inputs and your inputs aren't very good (as noted in the article). On top of that the cumulative probability gets really bad because the predicted spread is never very high. The best you'll see is around 60-70%. .7 ^ 10 = .028, so while your expected value may well be positive if everyone else is using a poor strategy, your overall probability of winning is still low. At least in leagues with a lot of players (the one I was in had over 10,000). I wouldn't say it's terribly uncommon, but by far the most common fish served in US sushi are: tuna (one of the red kinds), salmon, and yellowtail (+ imitation crab in rolls). Still popular, but less common, are mackerel (chub), eel, shrimp. Only after that comes things like 'white tuna', snapper, salmon and flying fish roe, sea urchin, Spanish and Japanese mackerel, real crab, and so on. I think you are missing the point. If a government wants to seize a property using it's eminent domain powers it has to pay "just compensation" for that property. The Supreme Court has interpreted that to mean fair market value. If there was a CDO pool that included only mortgages based on houses in that particular town, perhaps the whole pool could be seized at once, based on the fair market value of all tranches of the CDO (although there might be tricky jurisdictional issues). However, that's not the case. The mortgages are spread across many many different such pools. So rather than one big eminent domain case, there needs to be a condemnation of each and every mortgage separately. That being the case, the city must pay the fair market value of each mortgage -- not the the FMV of an abstract average house. The single biggest problem with the city's proposal is not that it is underpaying (though it likely is in most cases) but rather that it is trying to claim that every mortgage can be fairly valued using the same simple formula: 80% assessed value of the underlying asset. Simply put, that's nuts. The second biggest problem is that Freddie and Frannie have already said that they won't refinance the written down mortgages. So the city would have to hold the mortgages to maturity. They don't seem to have anywhere near enough capital to do that, and I don't think the muni market would be terribly interested in financing such a scheme (or the litigation!). Especially not with Detroit making everyone nervous to begin with. > What the 7th Amendment actually said is "nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation." That's the fifth amendment. They aren't seizing title to the house, they are seizing a lien and promissory note. Although the lien can't be worth more than the underlying property, the note certainly can. If you want to know what they are thinking, check out Robert Hockett on SSRN. He's the intellectual force behind the whole idea. The difference in cost of benefits such as health, eye, dental, life and disability insurance, particularly if dependents are included can easily cost tens of thousands of dollars a year more for one employee than for another. Do you want to haphazardly compensate your employees like that, without it even being bargained for during the hiring process? Wouldn't it be better to negotiate a total compensation number instead? You could potentially be looking at a whole different class of employees for the same total money. Though maybe the (irrational) bad will generated would wipe out the gains. https://github.com/jaekwon/HNCollapse How many people died of starvation caused by the inability to acquire sufficient calories (i.e. excluding anorexics) last year in the USA? How many people are living on the streets who simply can't find anywhere to spend the night (as opposed to simply too mentally ill to look)? Being first-world poor is certainly miserable and can have deadly consequences but this type of bs exaggeration just hurts the point you seem to be trying to make. Given that part of her hobby is buying and selling real estate in one of the most expensive markets in the country I think she'd be fine. Left wing politicians call themselves socialist in Europe because it has positive connotations in certain circles over there. In the US right wing politicians call somewhat less right wing politicians socialist because it has a negative connotation to many Americans. They are both wrong. Socialism involves collective ownership of the means of production, not capitalism plus a welfare state. SSI (disabled from birth) is $600 a month. SSDI (disabled after working for some time, generally 10 years) is $900-$3000 a month. Food stamps top out at $200 for an individual and a little more than $600 for a family of four. Section 8 (housing subsidies) is based on a complicated formula but in NYC can amount to a $1800 subsidy for a family of four. People on SSI + Food Stamps + Section 8 + Medicaid certainly aren't living the lifestyles of the rich and famous, but their effective income at PPP is comparable the median household income in a country like Czech Republic or Portugal. > Basically, if you don't have a support system and have any of a number of serious events (layoff, dovorce, criminal conviction, medical event, return from military service, etc) take place, you have a high probability of becoming homeless, at least transitionally. Homeless under the HUD definition[1], sure. Homeless in the sense the original post in this discussion used it (i.e. at danger of death from exposure) no, that's quite usual in the circumstances you've outlined. Almost always in those cases there's a couch to sleep on or at least a car to stay in. [1] https://www.onecpd.info/resources/documents/HEARTH_HomelessD... It was fnord that brought up our alledged status-quo policy euthanasia of the unemployed via starvation and exposure. However, you are right that may last comment may have over-stretched the point. Sleeping under the stars in SC is just as homeless as sleeping under the stars in NY. Still, I don't think there's much of it going on among the non-mentally-ill in any state. The court never ruled one way or the other on the substantive question of whether FPRA was violated by Broward's lie. It suggests—in dicta —that it probably wasn't[1] but ultimately declines to definitively rule on the the issue[2]. [1] "The Court therefore has difficulty in concluding that Broward’s actions could be unlawful under the FPRA." [2] "At any rate, assuming without finding that Broward did not comply with the FPRA when denying the existence of the requested footage, the Court finds that Plaintiff’s FPRA claim ... is now moot". (Emphasis added) Paper quality is apparently just one of the ways they save money. Another seems to be editorial effort. Exactly. Math isn't a set of procedures, it's a way of thinking. Without understanding that way of thinking it is impossible to be an educated person. "Most mathematicians at one time or another have probably found themselves in the position of trying to refute the notion that they are people with "a head for figures." or that they "know a lot of formulas." At such times it may be convenient to have an illustration at hand to show that mathematics need not be concerned with figures, either numerical or geometrical. For this purpose we recommend the statement and proof of our Theorem 1. The argument is carried out not in mathematical symbols but in ordinary English; there are no obscure or technical terms. Knowledge of calculus is not presupposed. In fact, one hardly needs to know how to count. Yet any mathematician will immediately recognize the argument as mathematical, while people without mathematical training will probably find difficulty in following the argument, though not because of unfamiliarity with the subject matter. What, then, to raise the old question once more, is mathematics? The answer, it appears, is that any argument which is carried out with sufficient precision is mathematical, and the reason that your friends and ours cannot understand mathematics is not because they have no head for figures, but because they are unable [or unwilling, DRH] to achieve the degree of concentration required to follow a moderately involved sequence of inferences. This observation will hardly be news to those engaged in the teaching of mathematics, but it may not be so readily accepted by people outside of the profession. For them the foregoing may serve as a useful illustration." College Admissions and the Stability of Marriage, Gale & Shapley, The American Mathematical Monthly (Jan 1962) From a link I believe on HN to http://noahpinionblog.blogspot.com/2013/08/a-few-words-about... which lead eventually to http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2012/10/rigor_math_and.h... A 1987-2007 dataset is available from UPenn: http://ldc.upenn.edu/Catalog/CatalogEntry.jsp?catalogId=LDC2... Ideally you'd like to segment the market geographically like that, but with the doctrine of first sale floating out there (recently upheld in this exact contex[1]), it can be very tricky to pull off. Now pharmaceuticals on the other hand ... [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirtsaeng_v._John_Wiley_%26_Son... . They talk in the Times article about the government asking them not to publish at all, and them refusing but agreeing to omit some details in response to concerns that officials raised. I don't know much about The Guardian , but The Times , for better or for worse, has always self censored based on its own perceptions of the trade offs. It considers itself a responsible part of the establishment -- the loyal opposition if you will. You aren't going to see a wikileaks-esque dump from them. No he didn't mean that. Scheiner constantly talks about how mentions of OTP are a key red flag for snake oil crypto. Yes the math is impeccable, but the implementation challenges are enormous. As this leak confirms implementation is a much bigger problem than the math. They redacted for a year and then released everything. Allegedly inadvertently, if that makes you feel better. In any event, you misunderstand my intended tone. I'm not saying the New York Times ' establishmentarian leanings are great, just they have them. The same is true of most parts of medicine. Evidence based practice is quite rare unfortunately. At least the pills are -- at worst -- mostly harmless, the surgeons who cut at the drop of hat (viz. almost all of them) do far more damage. Look into getting a grant from a student organization or university department? My dad worked his way though state schools (SUNY) for undergraduate and law school from 1968 - 1975. A few things about your calculations. First back then, unlike now, no college degree didn't mean automatic minimum wage job. Second, he worked while in school, not just over the summer. Third small scholarships back then actually made a difference. Today if you get the national merit scholarship for doing well on the PSATs, it's meaningless at $2000. Back then he got a $500 a year regents scholarship and it really helped. I have a different perspective. Rather than thinking it's remarkable that they could do that back then, I think it's a disgrace that we can't do that today. Harvard's tuition back then adjusted for inflation is around $18,700. Assuming 10 classes a year an using an average class size of 40 students (which is what Harvard reports), that's a budget of $74,800 per class. You should be able to run a college on that, even taking into account some overhead for libraries and such. Yet Harvard today charges more than twice that. With thier endowment Harvard could provide gyms, which aren't that expensive in the grand scheme of things, without gouging anyone. There is no good reason for an obstensible charitable non-profit to be engaging in tactics suited to an 19th century railroad monopolist. Also not every legal adult whose parents are wealthy have access to those resources. Furthermore, you are letting them completely off the hook for exploding expenses. Check out the administrator to student ratio changes from 1960 to today. College payrolls are now stuffed to the gills with deanlings and deanlets with no educational purpose whatsoever. No families attend Harvard, just individual adults. Adults whose parents by-and-large are under no legal obligation to support them. There's a third party implementation of that ( https://github.com/jaekwon/HNCollapse ), but I that doesn't really help a commenting culture that is shaped by not having it built in. HN commenting threads are winner take all with respect to the top level comments. Once one gets entrenched the others die on the vine. To a lesser extent the same thing happens at subsidiary branches as well. It makes for a very unbalanced tree. Not it isn't. In order to be in the top 1% of income your household needs to have earnings of around $380,000 a year. Unless your definition of "haves" excludes households like that, there is an upper limit of $380 a year for "have nots" in order for your statement to be true. There aren't very many, if any, US households with income of less than $380 a year. Of course, on HN I wouldn't be surprised to hear that $380k/year is working poor. Michigan's constitution requires that pension costs be funded at the time they are incurred. I'm not sure where they breakdown was exactly -- whether Detroit officials lied to state overseers or there were no state overseers to begin with, but there was a breakdown somewhere. The statute of limitations has probably run, but I wouldn't be surprised if the pension trustees acted contrary to law. Grossly negligent if nothing else. > and another 1:1000 difference between millionaires and people worth 100k. 1,000,000 (one million) / 1,000 (one thousand) = 1,000 (one thousand) not 100,000 (one hundred thousand). There's a somewhat similar actual occurrence. It turns out that retailers get something like 7 cents a can for soda bottles, but the way the deposit law is set up they only have to pay 5. I guess it's to encorage them to collect the cans. Anyway there's one store in Brooklyn that started offering 6 cents instead of the usual 5. Apparently there are lines around the block and people using the machines 24/7. Deanlet and deanlings making six figures to oversee "student life" and "strategic planning". Tenured professors who have 2/1 teaching schedules and haven't published since the 80s, but can't be forced to retire and keep on picking up inflated COLAs. Ever multiplying new unnecessary buildings (usually paid for by donors, but maintenance comes out of the budget). Special signing bonuses, research stipends, forgivable loans, and extraordinary salaries for "star professors" who are considered stars not because of their teaching prowess -- which is never, ever considered by hiring committees -- but because of their fame in a particular field. Lacrosse, volleyball, and crew coaches and facilities (only football and basketball pay their own way). And so on and so forth. The people that actually do the bulk of the teaching in many schools -- adjuncts and grad students -- get paid very very poorly. Even in schools that claim to have a high ratio of tenured faculty teaching classes, if you dig into it you will often find teaching assistants doing a lot of the direct student interaction and almost all of the feedback. I agree that top researchers should be paid well by someone, I just don't think we've got the right someones. No man, or organization, can serve two masters. Either these schools are about undergraduate education or they aren't. The counterargument about presige isn't completly wrong. Prestige of the school is valuable to a degree holder. But all the universities chasing after the same limited pool of prestige is socially wasteful, and these heavily tax subsidized institutions are supposed to be advancing the social interest. We should have separate institutions that do research and perhaps train grad students. I fully recognize that Neal Stephenson isn't my bitch[1], and if he wants to work on a new video game that frankly I am neither physically fit enough nor coordinated enough to ever want to play, that's his absolute right. That said, if it doesn't work out, and that causes him to go back to writing novels (preferably solo, no offense to the rest of the Mongoliad team), that's a positive outcome from my point of view. [1] http://journal.neilgaiman.com/2009/05/entitlement-issues.htm... The rule for law school is don't go at all, even for free. There are de minimis * exceptions, but for the vast majority of people at this point in time, it's a terrible move. *E.g. your grandfather is Joe Jamail Yale Law School is sui generis . A full majority of its very small classes go on to clerk at the federal appellate level. While tenured law professor is still something of a long shot even for these top-of-the-top it's not the powerball lottery ticket that virtually all the rest of academia is (they average around 3-4 tenured professors per class of around 200), and there are other fulfilling career tracks uniquely open to people who went to Yale and then clerked at the appellate level. For other schools on your list it's a different story. They certainly have a better chance, perhaps even a good chance, of getting the BigLaw job golden ring than most law graduates. But in my observation that's a bit of poisoned chalice. It pays well but the work is mostly tedious, the hours are very very long -- with no slowdown as your career advances -- and the atmosphere is extremely stressful. There are some good public interest jobs for people who for whatever reason aren't money driven (usually because they have money already!) but the competition is fierce even for Harvard and Stanford grads because of all the burned out BigLaw associates looking to get out. Although the jobs are often interesting and sometimes fulfilling, they almost invariably require long hours. Almost all legal jobs do. > UPDATE: if money is lying around on the street you are not be allowed to keep it (the same as I should not be allowed to keep the "money lying around in the internet"), but you can claim for getting the legitimate finder's reward. It's actually a bit more complicated than that. Property (chattels) can be lost, mislaid, or abandoned. The distinction between lost and mislaid is that you mislay something when you intentionally put it somewhere but forget to retrieve it. That doesn't really apply to currency in the street -- it's unlikely that someone would intentionally leave money in the street. So we are dealing with lost property. At common law the rule was that the finder of a chattel in a public place had a superior title to anyone except the true owner, and that if such a possessor knew or could reasonably ascertain the owner's identity he had a duty to notify the owner. A breach of that duty could result in either tort or criminal liability or both. In the case of fungible currency in the street, I'd say there's a good argument that it is not reasonable to ascertain the true owner. However this common law rule has been modified in most jurisdictions by statute. Illinois has a typical such statute: (765 ILCS 1020/27-8) Sec. 27. If any person or persons find any lost goods, money, bank notes, or other choses in action, of any description whatever, such person or persons shall inform the owner thereof, if known, and shall make restitution of the same, without any compensation whatever, except such compensation as shall be voluntarily given on the part of the owner. If the owner is unknown and if such property found is of the value of $100 or upwards, the finder or finders shall, within 5 days after such finding file in the circuit court of the county, an affidavit of the description thereof, the time and place when and where the same was found, that no alteration has been made in the appearance thereof since the finding of the same, that the owner thereof is unknown to the affiant and that the affiant has not secreted, withheld or disposed of any part thereof. The court shall enter an order stating the value of the property found as near as the court can ascertain. A certified copy of such order and the affidavit of the finder shall, within 10 days after the order was entered, be transmitted to the county clerk to be recorded in his estray book, and filed in the office of the county clerk. ... Sec. 28. In all cases where such lost goods, money, bank notes or other choses in action shall not exceed the sum of $100 in value and the owner thereof is unknown, the finder shall advertise the same at the court house, and if the owner does not claim such money, goods, bank notes or other choses in action within 6 months from the time of such advertisement, the ownership of such property shall vest in the finder and the court shall enter an order to that effect. If the value thereof exceeds the sum of $100, the county clerk, within 20 days after receiving the certified copy of the court's order shall cause a notice thereof to be published for 3 weeks successively in some public newspaper printed in this county and if the owner of such goods, money, bank notes, or other choses in action does not claim the same and pay the finder's charges and expenses within one year after the advertisement thereof as aforesaid, the ownership of such property shall vest in the finder and the court shall enter an order to that effect. There are rules that allow US Federal judges to do the same, but the default expectation is that in most litigation each side will pay their own attorneys fees. In certain narrow areas, such as civil rights litigation, the presumption goes the other way. In my experience most judges are very reluctant to order fee shifting in the absence of a specific statute because, among other reasons, it can be grounds for a malpractice action against the attorneys. I like the general idea -- many company's 401k options range from slightly sub-optimal to terrible, and helping people make the best of whatever choices they face can be very useful. On the UI/UX side, the look and feel is very slick, but I'd like to see some deeper tutorial type explanations for things like beta and risk profiles rather than short "help" style definitions. More fundamentally, it is hard to garner a real understanding of the sites' investment philosophy. That's something I'd really want to know before I send a friend or relative to this sort of website. For example, although it is clear that the site favors active portfolio management, beyond just re-balancing, what is its take on active versus passively managed underlying funds? Is past performance being used as a predictor of future performance? What is the weight given to fees? What about internal leverage? And so on. >Anyhow I'm the kind of guy who buys XIV Daily inverse VIX?!? Have you heard the expression "picking up nickles in front of a steamroller"? Not to mention the cost and tracking error. Thanks for the detailed response. re: actively managed funds Even beyond price, it is hard to know exactly what you are getting. A fund may be in the large cap value segment generally, but what if the fund manager hates financials or loves energy? Or even worse what if he hates financials this year, but loved them last year? Trying to diversify properly with such idiosyncratic building blocks seems a frustrating excise. Re: overall allocation I noticed that you have three model portfolios based on risk tolerance (conservative, moderate, aggressive) and you measure them versus target date funds as a benchmark. Are those different models intended to account for personal risk tolerance as well as time to retirement? Pre-internet, or at least widespread internet, there was a similar scam with music tapes, perhaps records even before that. The first month's selections would be free but for shipping, after that they would send you a bunch every month if they didn't hear from you — and a hefty bill. Probably because Jon Postal batched up requests and entered them all at the same time, rather than entering them as soon as the requests came in. I think that was one of the big drivers of source maps in the first place (along with dart and coffescript). They now have a pretty good implementations, but it's still not complete. The traditional way of debugging GWT is in eclipse as java emulating javascript emulating java. This actually worked surprisingly well most of the time, but sometimes you did have to step through the compiled code in the browser. Luckily there was a "pretty" compile option. It's a design intended to recall the look of the author's original webpage, which has been on the internet since before the word blog was coined. The man was a pivotal figure in writing the first modern web browser, it wouldn't kill you to show some goddamn respect. The reality TV show model is so profitable because they get free actors. It seems a bit much to expect those actors to pay to provide free content. Few cases make it to trial, especially in the federal system. He's been charged with at least two capital eligible charges. They'll offer to plead down to life in prision (or 100+ years same difference) and he'll take it. We'll never see the government's full case. We shouldn't treat the law as some sort of obscure documents that can only be understood by high priests. Here's the relevant parts of the anti-deficiency statute: 31 USC § 1341 - Limitations on expending and obligating amounts (a) (1) An officer or employee of the United States Government or of the District of Columbia government may not— (A) make or authorize an expenditure or obligation exceeding an amount available in an appropriation or fund for the expenditure or obligation; (B) involve either government in a contract or obligation for the payment of money before an appropriation is made unless authorized by law; 31 USC § 1342 - Limitation on voluntary services An officer or employee of the United States Government or of the District of Columbia government may not accept voluntary services for either government or employ personal services exceeding that authorized by law except for emergencies involving the safety of human life or the protection of property. This section does not apply to a corporation getting amounts to make loans (except paid in capital amounts) without legal liability of the United States Government. As used in this section, the term “emergencies involving the safety of human life or the protection of property” does not include ongoing, regular functions of government the suspension of which would not imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property The government can spend money already appropriated -- either under permanent "mandatory" appropriations or under some more limited multi-year appropriation -- it can spend money under laws that explicitly allow for spending prior to appropriation (the most prominent of which is the Feed and Forage Act of 1861) and under section 1324 above it can spend money in emergencies that imminently threaten the safety of human life or protection of property. That's it. An executive branch official can't just decide it would save money in the long run to spend a little now and save a lot later. The Anti-Deficiency Act is enforced through criminal penalties of up to two years in prison for each violation. The Anti-Deficiency Act, and opinions interpreting it from Attorneys General dating back to the Carter administration, is the basis for OMB Memo M-13-22[1] which provides guidelines to heads of Executive Departments and Agencies on how to plan for a lapse in appropriations. Pages 13 and 14 deal with websites and other IT concerns and specifically reference the Anti-Deficiency Act. Here's question 5 from page 14: Q5: What if the cost of shutting down a website exceeds the cost of maintaining services? A5: The determination of which services continue during an appropriations lapse is not affected by whether the costs of shutdown exceed the costs of maintaining services. [1] http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/memoranda/... The 1981 AG memo, which unfortunately seems not to be online anywhere (if you have access to Westlaw or LexisNexis the cite is 43 Op. Att’y Gen. 293) interprets the law as implicitly allowing shutdown costs after the budget authority is exhausted. Thanks for finding that, not sure how I missed it. The language regarding orderly shutdown can be found in FN 12 on page 9. We could also trim down the single biggest welfare program we have:the military-industrial complex. That's close to $5000 per adult by itself. Edit: Back of envelope -- $3800 per adult from cutting MIC spending from $1 trillion to $200B which is still more than any other nation. $4000 per adult from eliminating Social security including disability. $4800 per adult in total health care savings from switching from our crappy system to the UK's. ---- $12,600 per adult Not quite what the Swiss are proposing but $100 more than the federal poverty line. And we get better health outcomes and fewer wars to boot. Vyvanse is a prodrug of dextroamphetamine, which means that it turns into that in the body. The advantage allegedly is that it's less prone to abuse but the real reason it exists is that dextroamphetamine entered the market in 1937 and so its patent has long since run out. Dextroamphetamine in turn is just amphetamine with the left-handed isomer removed. This left-handed isomer is less potent than the right, but both promote higher concentrations in the brain of the same chemicals norepinephrine and dopamine. Amphetamine you may know better under its colloquial name -- speed. That's right, Shire Pharmaceticals is upset that European doctors and parents aren't rushing to give children fancy, expensive, speed. > The science on this is very strong. You see "clusters" of similar conditions in millions of human beings, where each of these clusters/diseases have similar problems, and they share potential remedies. Would that were true! In fact the science is not very strong at all. We have descriptive sets of symptoms and we have classes of drugs discovered serendipitously that seem to help some sufferers, but despite 30+ years of effort we have little more than post hoc justifications for mechanisms of action and underlying causes. The chemical imbalance theory has very little evidence going for it besides circular reasoning. We are at the point in the science of mental illness where we go and categorize things -- this animal has a spine, gives birth to live young, and is warm blooded -- okay put it in this order. We need a Darwin, or at least a Mendel. He's accused of at least two capital crimes. What makes you think he'll ever get out prison? I imagine that turning over the bitcoins will be a condition of the near inevitable plea bargain. Queens is still here and as ethnically diverse as ever. The Bronx, Staten Island, Brooklyn West and South, and Manhattan North of 110 Street are all places where people live. You don't see many pied-à-terres on Grand Concourse. These complaints are from one warring faction of the wealthy. One faction wants total isolation in their neighborhoods and the other wants a sprinkle of the right kind of poor person as scenery. To me it's an irrelevant debate. I couldn't possibly care any less whether young bankers or young artists dominate the East Village. Let them have their whole foods and their dog walkers and their prestigious addresses. We have an income tax -- they are contributing tax money for the rest of us. Even the absentees are paying property taxes while not consuming any services. All of this strikes me as the rich complaining about the richer, while trying to couch their complaints in populist rhetoric. That's true, but for better or for worse US Attorneys have a very strong track record. Over 90% cases where the government files charges end up in guilty pleas or guilty verdicts. Particularly given the potential capital sentence, I'm pretty sure he's lawyers -- expensive or not -- will recommend taking a plea if one is offered. Whether or not he'll take it is a different story. It's interesting where they took that -- brutal on new contributors trying to get a foothold in a project. When I saw the title I thought it was going to be about the brutality of uses and random passers-by who critize, demand, complain, and harass developers who put code out there. Ars has now done about a dozen of these articles. Unfortunately I think they are somewhat misleading, in that they don't emphasize what exactly the threat is that these password crackers represent. This is an offline attack that allows the attacker to recover the plaintext from hashes. In the context of the internet, the impact of this type of attack on the end-user can be almost entirely mitigated by using unique passwords on each site. A site which has leaked its password hashes is almost certainly already fully compromised, so having the password to that particular site gets the attacker not much. It's only when those passwords are reused that recovering the plaintext becomes a big additional win for the attacker. The implications of these articles is that you should use some super complicated random password. Indeed that's a good idea. I personally use lastpass to generate long random passwords. But if there's a choice between using one really good password all over the internet versus unique, but mediocre passwords on each site, the latter is a better choice. After all any particular site could be a honeypot or store your password in the clear. On the flip side, if these articles are aimed at developers rather than end users, then they should be emphasizing using a modern key derivation function with an appropriate work factor. No. These attacks rely on popular phrases, not random combinations of words. A diceware password of six words from a 7776 (6^5) word dictionary is 1 of 2.2 x 10^23 random possibilities. If your attacker can try 180 billion hashes a second, then it would take almost 39 centuries to exhaust the password space. That's something that only the site programmer can do, and end users have no control or even insight into. If the article is aimed at developers, I agree with what you are saying (see the last line of my post). But it reads to me like it's aimed more at users. If that's true they should emphasize the best thing that users can do to protect themselves -- which is not using the same password in more than one place. Or they could have done both, instead of neither. I've read that you can call asm from java directly using jni (i.e. without a c wrapper) though I've never done it myself. Heck it's barely worth getting out of bed for only a million dollars. FTA: The key itself is not evidence, contraband, fruits, or instrumentalities of crime, Lavabit argues, but is merely a way to get to evidence, contraband, fruits, or instrumentalities of crime. This is a clever argument pressing an undeveloped aspect of Fourth Amendment law, but I don’t think it ultimately works. It’s pretty standard for computer warrants to authorize the seizure of passwords, encryption codes, operating manuals, “and other information necessary to access the computer equipment, storage devices or data.” I haven’t seen a Fourth Amendment challenge to such provisions, but I would think they are okay because they involve instrumentalities of crime. That is, the password or encryption key is part of the tool used to commit the crime, so it is part of the instrumentality of crime and can properly be obtained in a search warrant. If the landlord uses identical locks on all the apartment doors, he can't turn around and complain that turning over the key to the apartment being investigated would open all the doors. As for the instrumentality of the crime, even though it's Lavabit's SSL key the government's contention is that Snowden made use of it in his alleged crimes (by for example encrypting leaked data with the public half of the key for transmission to lavabit's web to email gateway, where it would ultimately be decrypted by lavabit using the private key, and then emailed to the a recipient.) Suppose a criminal rented a car and used it as a getaway vehicle and then returned it. The police could get access to the car for forensic evidence from the rental company, notwithstanding the fact that the car belonged to the rental company who was not accused of any crime. Analogies extended too far can be unhelpful, but I'll risk it one more time. His offer, made rather late in the game, was the equivilent of the super telling the police they couldn't enter the apartment, but that he (the super) would search it for them and pick up whatever they were asking for, if they were willing to pay him some money for his time. That might be a reasonable offer, but I don't think there's anything in fourth amendment law, or the statutes, that require the police to take him up on it, rather than just insisting that they do the search themselves. In my own reading of the case, the area of the government's actions that seemed the weakest was the applicability of the rationale for the probable-cause-less pen-trap and stored communication act requests (i.e. the third party doctrine from Smith v. Maryland ) to email headers and usage logs from a service that held itself as not being able to access these things. In that circumstance it looks to me like the user does have a reasonable expectation of privacy in those (meta)data, and so a warrant issued upon probable cause should be necessary. However, this case also involved a grand jury subpoena. That's a whole other (troublesome) kettle of fish, one that frankly I'm not too familiar with. >It that your obligation, failing which all of your customers must suffer? > It's one thing to have a law that states the government can ask for things. But I haven't heard anybody argue that the law requires you to organize your affairs in such a way that you can comply with requests like this "cleanly." Generally you don't have to set up your business in such a way as to comply with requests cleanly, though there are exceptions for certain telecom providers (not applicable here). But by the same token your inability to comply cleanly doesn't absolve you of the responsibility to comply. So our landlord hypothetical the landlord certainly is allowed to use the same lock on every door, but he still has to turn over the key when it is demanded. As for the collateral consequences to third parties the court will not assume that the government is going to abuse their access to search more than they are authorized to. That seems to be the biggest disconnect. The judge didn't think that the ability to decrpyt all the traffic was a pertinent harm because his order didn't allow the agents to look at it. Whether or not that's a reasonable assumption as a matter of fact is an empirical question, but it is certainly a reasonable, perhaps even compelled, one from a legal standpoint. I'd think it's far more common to use hashes for various data structures (i.e. hash map) than for cryptographic or data integrity purposes. Ronkonkoma out in Suffolk County is around 50 miles from Penn Station in Manhattan. Peak LIRR trains take less than 90 minutes, with at least one express train in each direction less than 70. There are 13 peak (arrive 6-10AM) week day westbound trains and 14 eastbound (arrive 5-9PM). The longest gap between trains during the week is westbound between 1:46AM and 4:06AM, eastbound it's 1:21AM to 3:14AM. Otherwise rarely is the gap more than an hour. Ref: http://mta.info/lirr/Timetable/Branch/RonkonkomaBranch.pdf Absent massive government intervention it wouldn't even be close. With the fixed rate, 30 year mortgage with no prepayment penalty, low down payment and massively subsidized rates; mortgage income deduction & the income exemption for imputed rent; and other government programs it becomes something of a closer call. Even so, it's still a highly leveraged asset that is as non-diversified as an investment can be, with very high transaction costs, significant carrying costs, and only moderately liquid markets at best. The government policies to subsidize homeownership are unfortunate in that they are very regressive and they are quite expensive for the meager positive externalizes that possibly flow from widespread ownership. On the second and third points, all other things being equal, (which they aren't because of government intervention) people would be far better off with a diversified portfolio of debt and equity than a house. There are many REITs traded on stock markets and included in broad total market funds including residential, commercial, retail, and industrial. E.g. AVB, VNO, EQR, SPG and many others. It's strange to me how some people seem to obsess so much over retirement. Is your intertemporal discount rate negative (i.e. do you value a dollar 50 years more than you value a dollar today)? That's awfully counterintuitive if you do. There is a risk that the utility will drop to zero if you die before then, and even if it doesn't there is every reason to believe that you will be able to wring more enjoyment out of it today then at a time when you are very likely to be physically and mentally diminished. Perhaps it is an expensive minimaxing strategy. More than a little luck. It'd take quite a bit of luck just to live that long, much less be healthy till 95. The most important metric is excessive inflation, and the secondary one is exchange rates (though changes in that have mixed effects). These are empirical facts of the matter. There's lots of theories about how this or that or the other thing might cause high inflation and/or devaluation. But when you look at the track record of these theories they are pretty horrible. QE1 and QE2 was supposed to lead to imminent hyperinflation. It didn't happen. The S&P downgrade was supposed to lead to yield spikes in treasuries (which in turn was supposed to lead to heavy inflation). It didn't happen. Deficit spending was supposed to lead to bond vigilantes coming out of the woodwork and cause catastrophic inflation. It didn't happen. As a formal matter the government doesn't even need to issue bonds. Under this view (which broadly speaking goes by the name MMT) the government doesn't have a budget per se at all. When a bill comes due they can just create dollars out of thin air to pay it. When taxes or other fees are paid to the government they don't get stored anywhere to be used to pay bills, but instead cease to exist. Advocates of MMT suggest that the government tweak outflows and inflows not with the aim of balancing a non-existing budget but rather based on managing observed metrics (mainly inflation). Critics claim that a move to such a system would cause hyperinflation. Who knows, they might even be right for once. The important take away is that the US government is not just a really big household, and US treasury bonds are not just like a credit card. Post hoc rationalizations are inherently non-falsifiable. I'll give you a hint: it involves a pretty undistinguished metal from any practical standpoint that for some reason right wing nutjobs are totally obsessed with. > But honestly, why can't we just start giving IQ tests? It's illigal. Or at least very very legally questionable.[1] Theoretically good proxies could be attacked in the same way, but there's a difference between doing something that could conceivably be the basis of a lawsuit and doing something that the Supreme Court has specifically ruled on. [1] See Griggs v. Duke Power Co. (1971) http://finduslaw.com/griggs-v-duke-power-co-1971-401-us-424-... It seems awfully rude to cut and paste this gigantic comment, which is now virtually pinned to the top of a discussion thread of a blog post to which it barely responds. There's nothing in this that indicates it is at all customized for the article it is attached to. Especially given that you and the author seem to have some things in common (connection to small-town Minnesota & love of mathematics) it seems like you could have done a lot better than just re-posting virtually the same comment for the 11th time. You have to go about half way down the page to find a comment that actually engages with the article. The way the HN system works out in practice the "winning" top level comment determines the entire structure of the ensuing discussion. I think that means that top level commentators have a particular responsibility to comment well. It's not the hardware costs, it's the head count to setup and keep those database instances running, backed up, and tuned. That's the IaaS pitch -- no sysadmin. As for the vendor lock, most of the datastore API is very similar to other nosql APIs I've seen. It wouldn't be trivial to switch, but not impossible either. I imagine it'd be even easier if you used a orm that is widely supported but I stay away from those, so I couldn't say for sure. For most products there is a legal framework that forbids buying an insurance contract unless you have an insurable interest. However, under the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000, designed by Summers, Greenspan, Levitt, and Rainer, state insurance regulators are forbidden from regulating OTC derivatives as insurance products. They were already forbidden from regulating exchange traded derivatives (e.g. options and futures). I'm afraid I don't see your point. Docker, and some of the other new system tools seem like great products. I'm sure they make sysadmin's lives easier than when they had to run everything via custom shell scripts. It probably makes them more efficient, so you don't need as many sysadmins per server. But I don't see how it is ever going to reduce the need to less than 1.0 sysadmins. And just as it will make sysadmins that work for your company more efficient, so to will it make IaaS/PaaS' sysadmins more efficient. As a developer, I have very little interest in administering databases, servers, networks, and so on. It's not what I'm good at, and it's not what I'm interested in, it's not what I know. That the tools now use Turing complete configuration language that also happen to be a fairly popular general purpose languages doesn't change any of that. Certainly, the IaaS/PasS pitch isn't for everyone. But for those who are in the sweet spot, it is a very compelling pitch. Frankly whether or not the platform is open source doesn't really impact its appeal very much. At least from where I sit. It's an insane world we live in where all the measures that should be used to control the distribution of antibiotics exist, but they are used instead for opiates. I'm not saying opiates addiction isn't a genuine problem, but it's a largely individual one. There's no widespread negative externalities to prescribing opiates to a patient. Antibiotics on the other hand, present a classic limited pool resource allocation problem (the same species of problem as the tragedy of the commons). It's antibiotics that should require a three part pad, with one copy sent off to the federal government and investigations into over-prescribers -- not painkillers. It's antibiotics that should be subject to intentional treaties governing their distribution and use -- not painkillers. It's antibioatics that should have criminal penalties for misuse -- not painkillers. There's a bill introduced in the Senate that would restrict antibiotics that are approved in humans from being used in agricultural in a prophylactic way.[1] A similar bill has been introduced in the House[2] by Rep. Louise Slaughter who has degrees in microbiology and public health. Given the pernicious and undemocratic over-representation of rural interests embodied in the structure of the Senate, I don't expect them to go anywhere. [1] Preventing Antibiotic Resistance Act of 2013 -- http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/z?c113:S.1256.IS:/ [2] Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act of 2013 -- http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery/z?d113:H.R.1150:@@@L As intended is rather irrelevant to the question of whether or not it's a good system. Unless you think that the so-called founding fathers were infallible? A system which gives representation to rocks and cows rather than to people is undemocratic. That's not just my opinion man, it's a statement of fact. The House doesn't over-represent urban interests it represents them in the proportion that people of the country live there. Your post smacks of the fallacy of the golden mean fallacy, which is unfortunately a serious problem in the United States today. There aren't two sides to every issue. Often some people are just wrong. Here are some numbers albeit a few years old: http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcp/pdf/census/census2010/t_sf1_h1_n... There are about as many seasonal or occasional use residential units as there are rent controlled units ~40k. That's out of more than 3.3 million residential units. Just as articles about rent regulation usually focus on a rent controlled apartment, rather than the far more numerous rent stablized (~1 million) because they make for better stories, so too do empty floor is luxury building on fifth avenue. But I fail to see much relevance to the larger housing market. Particularly as it relates to the type of working class people this article talks about. Long form writing seems close to impossible on a tablet. A long hacker news comment is possible, but once you are looking at even a modest book report, I can't see it. Maybe with some sort of accessory keyboard, but then you are looking at more of an ad hoc laptop than a pure tablet. I'm not sure you're reading it right. What it says is that 20% of the vacancies (as of that time) were those set aside for seasonal or occasional use. But that has more to do with the very low vacancy rates that Manhattan has had essentially forever, than with the absolute number of such apartments. While the knock on effect you mention could have a legitimate effect, with only 1% of the apartments affected it's hard to believe it's terribly significant. Particularly since at the stratospheric levels we are talking about (high level bankers and lawyers) the substitutes for UES/UWS spreads include Long Island and Westchester rather than just other parts of the city. Queens & Brooklyn dwarf Manhattan in size. Queens has only one or one and half neighborhoods with Manhattan exiles and even though Brooklyn has more, the non-trendy ares are still much larger. This whole perception of a crisis is fomented by young, hip, creatives who think they have a good given right to live in the West Village. There's still plenty of safe, affordable rentals in places like Flatbush, Kew Gardens, Pelham Bay, and so forth. It's an odd reference in the context of reduced need for special pre-war II non-irradiated steel. From the article if looks like the most important factor for that would be atmospheric concentration of Cobalt-60 (in ppm or ppb). There has been something of a pendulum swing in feminist thought. The second wave was all about reducing barriers to women from being full participants in society. Along with that came an ideology that essentially said that gender was social constructed, and that if only we didn't impose them on children men and women could be essentially interchangeable. The efforts were largely successful (albeit not completely) but in the third wave* there has been a severe backlash against the ideology and the social pressures that it raised. That's what your are talking about in your comment. There's was a movement to say -- it's okay to want to be a homemaker, it's okay to wear clothes that make you feel sexy, it's okay to want men to hold the door for you. I think it's swung too far the other direction. While it was originally "okay" there's a lot of voices out there saying, implicitly or explicitly, that it's "natural" to want to play all those traditional gender roles. That women who run companies, or nations, or work 80 hours a week are unnatural, ruining it for everyone else, or lying to themselves. That if you are a successful single women you nonetheless have a duty to the sisterhood to fight for mothers' issues because of your gender. In other words, I think it's time for a backlash to the backlash. *ignoring for the movement the race/class/international/gay aspects of third wave feminism Come on! Even ignoring north of 96th street (which, check a map, is part of Manhattan) there are plenty of neighborhoods where you can find a two bedroom for $3k or less. Yorkville, Chinatown, far LES, parts of alphabet city, the far west 30s, and probably others I'm not familiar with. That you could say such a thing says more about you than the rental market. > IFF lavabit is resolved successfully, you may be able to trust a US provider for general privacy stuff, but that is months or years off. I've read through lavabit's filing and I'm not sure the factual predicates are as strong as they possibly could be. So they could lose on narrow grounds and still leave the door open for other companies to argue that it is possible to create a reasonable expectation of privacy for its customers in their metadata. However if lavabit loses and the decision is written broadly, you are right that it is probably game over for any system that requires you to trust the subject to US jurisdiction operator in any way. This looks to me like a not so subtle form of age discrimination. The pictures on their job page do nothing to dispel that impression. E.g. http://www.weebly.com/uploads/1/_/1/167522_orig.jpg It's actually worse. A non-compete has to do with work after you leave a given company's employment, and like you say are non-enforceable in California and some other states. A no side work agreement, or a no side work without approval, or a we own the IP of your side work unless waived, are all much more widely enforceable and I would think would be violated by this kind of set up. If the founder there is still reading this I highly recommend you ask your attorney to draft a formal legal opinion letter. The more I think about it, the more I become convinced that this practice can open you up to a tortious interference lawsuit from a former employer of one of your hires. They can file a complaint called a Bivens action seeking damages for violations of their Constitutional rights. However, even the analogous statute for when state police violate your rights (42 USC § 1983) is very difficult to win because, among other reasons, of a doctrine known as qualified immunity. A Bivens action is even harder to win, and under circumstances like these, I'd feel comfortable saying impossible. Maher Arar lost, José Padilla lost, Shafiq Rasul lost, Arkan Ali lost, Abdul Al-Janko will lose. It's a remedy that exists only in theory. Similarly other courts have suggested that the torturers could be criminally tried. If you believe that will ever happen, I have a very nice bridge to sell you. It's entirely standard for large employers -- places like IBM, Microsoft, Sony, JPMorgan -- to at a minimum restrict it or require permission. If by 'market' though you mean venture backed start-ups and the like, then I have no idea. Keep in mind that, even in the context of non-compete, California isn't the be-all-and-end-all of the subject. It is the state where the prior employment took place that matters. (Usually, choice of law questions can get complicated.) I don't think the cost of living problem as such is solvable. When I point out that there are places in all five boros that are safe, affordable, and in reasonable commuting distance of the commercial parts of Manhattan I'm told that it is unrealistic to expect techies to want to live in such boring places. But it is very trendiness of e.g. Chelsea that makes it so expensive. The same exact criticism is even more potent when deployed for Austin or Chicago as an alternative. Positional goods are never going to be cheap, if they were they would no longer be desirable. That looks like it relates exclusively to patents (given the invention language). In any event, California law doesn't govern employment contracts / quasi-contracts entered into in another state. If you were to 'trial' an employee who had signed a copyright assignment agreement with his current employer in a state where such agreements are enforceable, the prior employer would have a colorable argument that it owned any code written during that week.* If the employee had signed an agreement containing an "anti-moonlighting" provision, again in a state where such provisions are enforceable, the prior employer would have a cause of action against the employee for breach of contract and possibly against your company for tortious interference with a contract. As I say in the sibling comment, I really think you should talk to your lawyer about this, particularly since the policy is now been subject to a fair amount of publicity that a disgruntled ex-employer might reasonably come across. Although I don't like your hiring policy, I have nothing against your company and would hate to read in a few months that you are bogged down in litigation. *Federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction over copyright actions, but will apply substantive state law in interpreting and applying contracts. Which state's laws can be complicated, but the most likely one is where the employment took place. > It's hard not to come to the conclusion that these activities were essentially criminal. I don't see how the administration can fail to disavow them, investigate them fully, and hold their instigators accountable. It feels like Special Prosecutor time. The government takes the position that their agents are almost completely unconstrained by law when it comes to actions taken abroad aimed at non-US persons. Even were a court somewhere to find that this interpretation is incorrect, there are numerous "good faith reliance" doctrines that prevent any prosecution or even civil consequences. The government outright tortured people for years, and nothing has come of it. No prosecutions. No damages for victims. No cases dismissed for outrageous government conduct. Not even very many harsh words from judges. The only people for whom there were any consequences were the low level regular army people who got in on the torture train without first getting official blessing. It'll be the same thing here. If some low level employee went out on his own to hack into Google servers, something might come of it. But by all appearances these programs were deliberate, planned, and vetted. In those circumstances the bad actors have long since learned to cover their own asses. There will be no consequences for them. The problem is that the people who were actually in Germany breaking German law were (likely) on diplomatic passports and so have plenary immunity. Meanwhile, under international law, which German courts take seriously even if US courts do not, senior state officials have functional immunity for actions taken in an official capacity with a disputed exception for violations of jus cogens +. While there may be some room between the people on the ground who are immune and the senior officials who are immune to prosecute mid-level functionaries, that's not terribly satisfying and there still remains the problem of getting them in front of the court. See generally: http://www.lawfareblog.com/2013/10/the-nsa-affair-goes-crimi... +The most serious types of international norms: things like genocide, slavery, torture, and piracy. Civil immunity is a subset of completely unconstrained by law. For example, judges are entitled to absolute civil immunity for actions taken in an official capacity. But they have occasionally been charged criminally for actions for which they were civilly immune. At least according to the wikipedia page, it looks like the Mozilla Foundation brings in $300M a year in revenue. I still wouldn't say that $6M a year is trivial for them, but it certainly isn't an impossible bridge to cross. Up until now the Mozilla party line has been that they don't want to pay the patent fees for reasons of principle. So it looks to me like there was another option: bite the bullet, pay the licensing fee and distribute their own blessed binaries (they still couldn't grant a license to people building from source), then feel free to take whatever position on WebRTC they thought was best. Just do a basic income and forget about all these complicated schemes -- one for workers, another for students, another for entrepreneurs, another for retirees, another for single mothers, another for disabled people, another for farmers and so forth and so on. If you insist you can make it means tested (either through income or assets or both), but in any event we shouldn't be wasting time and energy infinitely dicing up people in more and less "deserving" categories. The whole point of a safety net is to catch everyone. Blame the governments of both Labor and Tory persuasion that decided that it should be incredibly difficult to build new housing virtually anywhere in the country. In particular the pernicious greenbelt rules and the grotesque planning permission process. Also worthy of special condemnation are London's protected views. > Would shareholders be able to claim breach of fiduciary duties if they did? By claim, I suppose you mean sue over? In that case the answer is no. There's this notion that companies legally have to be run so as to maximize shareholder value, and there's some case law in Delaware to support that notion. But what overlooked is the context of those decisions. Invariably the litigation has to do with change of control or measures designed to encourage/discourage same. Outside of those contexts, the business judgment rule reigns supreme. So long as there's no self dealing and the company doesn't lie in its public statements, it is almost impossible for a shareholder to win a derivative breach of fiduciary duty case. It's quite difficult to write new tests that are unique enough not to be trivialized by access to old exams but of consistent difficulty semester after semester. Even if you could it might not give the result you want: if your university moves upmarket or the high school preparation in your subject improves should the average grade in your class increase to reflect these exogenous factors? It's hard enough writing a good exam -- maximally descriminating, useful pedagogically, not unintentionally ambiguous -- without also requiring it to be mechanistically translatable to a semester grade. The J barely goes into Queens, only at the very end does it have half a dozen stops in Woodhaven and Jamaica. Someone below mentions the L which as far as I know has no Queens stops, and the the M which does actually serve Middle village directly from Brooklyn but otherwise requires a giant loop through Manhattan. This issue is near and dear to my heart, I live in Woodside but I have close friends in Park Slope. By car it's a straight shot down the BQE -- 20 - 30 minutes depending on traffic. When all the subways are running, I can take the 7 to the G and it's an hour and fifteen minute trip. But both the 7 and the G have terrible weekend schedules so if I wanted to go right now, I'd have to take the 7 to the Q and go through all of Manhattan and it'd take more like an hour and a half. Or I could take three buses and hope that scheduled connections actually happen. If the timing works out it can sometimes make sense to take commuter rail from Woodside-Jamaica-Atlantic Terminal though that's more expensive and you have to buy a ticket at the counter because the machines can't figure it out. As an interim measure they should put a couple of express buses going north south -- one could go from the 74th Jackson Heights station down the BQE to the Lorimer stop on the L and then continue on to the Atlantic Terminal. Another could link the Middle village terminus of the M to the M (and R, F, E) at Queens Blvd with a second stop along the 7. The long term solution is more lines. We should be doing that instead of spending billions on silly prestige projects like the new Penn Station they want to build. That's not much of an issue if you are going between Brooklyn and Queens. With a few small exceptions you won't see a yellow cab in those boros anyway and black cars or the new green taxis are a lot more flexible. Hoboken to midtown or downtown is fine. But to the point of this article, Hoboken to Brooklyn or Queens is a long two transit systems ride. Too bad really because Hoboken and JC and e.g. Boruem Hill or Astoria have a lot in common. Jamaica to Atlantic is fine it's when you want to go from Woodside to Atlantic via Jamaica (i.e. east to go west) that the ticket machines have a problem. Not the medallion which is generally not owned by the driver and worth mid six to low seven figures, but the driver's hack license is endangered by multiple violation of TLC's rules. From the report: "As of the publication of this report, state licensing and disciplinary boards in Alabama, California, Georgia, Louisiana, new York, Ohio, and Texas have received—and dismissed—complaints against health professionals for alleged mistreatment of detainees at Guantánamo and secret CIA detention centers. To the knowledge of the Task Force, none of these complaints has led to a formal hearing that then led to a decision holding the individual to account. Many of the complaints were dismissed on procedural grounds. The boards rarely explained the bases for these decisions, but together they suggest an unwillingness of state licensing bodies to address complaints of misconduct within national security agencies or a belief by the boards that they are unable to pursue them. They also reveal procedural and substantive deficiencies in the way state boards approach discipline of health professionals alleged to have been complicit in torture or other forms of cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment. These practices and procedures contribute to a lack of disciplinary accountability for unethical acts of severe harm on detainees." What they should do is throw 'P' and Leslie in jail for six months or a year. It'll make the next people think twice before breaking the law. Prison shouldn't just be for poor people. This is much more likely to harm me than some guy selling pot. > Truth be told, if you start doing this in an equitable fashion with the goal of "punishing" bad banking behavior, you'll target a lot of lower-middle-class mortgage brokers from the 2008 mortgage crisis who knowingly committed fraud, which seems like an undesirable result. I think it a very desirable result. When it came time to break up the mafia, the prosecutors didn't say "we can't get the dons right off the bet, oh well let's not bother". Getting the triggermen is both a good in itself and a strategy to both starve the organization of foot soldiers and to work up the hierarchy. No one seems to have any compunctions about putting outright lower class street drug dealers in prison. Specicially with respect to HSBC, there were several avenues available for criminal prosecution of individuals both low level (i.e. the actual tellers and bank branch officials who recieved the ilicit funds) and high level. Irene Dorner, President HSBC Bank USA, for example signed the 2010 consent decree with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency[1] and could have been held in contempt of court for refusing to carry out the agreed changes. Also conspiracy and RICO don't require every member of the corrupt organization to be aware of all the details of the criminal acts imputed to the entire conspiracy. The Justice Department had no problem securing a prison sentence for money laundering against Vladimir Kats[2] as well as lower level employees of Liberty Reserve, but I bet he didn't go to Oxford. Can't a women that looks and sounds like Dame Judi Dench in prison, that would be uncivilized! [1] http://www.occ.gov/news-issuances/news-releases/2010/nr-occ-... [2] http://www.informationweek.com/security/government/liberty-r...