Disregard normal life. Work on your startup. My mom is a hacker too. She hacked her own gmail account the other day by recovering her password, she even had to remember the name of her first pet! Its kinda hard to hear the presenter, but otherwise thanks for the stream! I'm very curious about the differences you think exist between the two services regarding ethics. He says he hardly notices it so I doubt it is somehow affecting his productivity... Yes it does. Click options, a little dropdown appears with "Cached, Similar and Mobile formatted" "My greatest concern was that I’d have to do a lot of installing and configuring before I could get anything meaningful done. All I wanted was a standard setup, and to not derail focus from my work." And yet he had the time to document the whole experience at the same time? Napster - 12 occurrences, Facebook - 10 occurrences, Spotify - 7 occurrences It will rock when I can have tabs in my explorer "He manages to offend common decency (...) and insult millions of Apple users simultaneously." I highly doubt that common decency as an abstract concept feels much offended. And even if it did, I am sure it would be able to sleep at night. As to Apple users, if they feel offended by the insult, I would advise them to watch this little clip http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cycXuYzmzNg The teamviewer guys must be a bit worried Been using gitweb with a custom theme by some dude ( https://github.com/kogakure/gitweb-theme ). This seems much cleaner and easy to use. When I have some time I'll probably switch over to this if it doesn't have any problems/bugs Looks awesome, gmail and other applications would benefit immensely from this instead of just trying to reconnect! I'm curious, there is a "money back guarantee" line on the site. How does this work for ebooks? I buy it and I can ask for my money back? How do I "return" the ebook? Is this usual for other electronic goods? (ie. software) Isn't it required to be at least 13 years old to have a google account? How does this affect the kids who want to use khanacademy? Are they forced to have a facebook account? EDIT: Actually, facebook also has a minimum age requirement of 13 ( https://www.facebook.com/help/?faq=210644045634222 ). Can't see how khanacademy missed that. I think this is a major flaw in their signup system. Should they (khanacademy) really be blocking every kid younger then 13? EDIT2: It seems like they address it here ( http://www.khanacademy.org/about/getting-started ) but their solution is having the parents create an account for the kids. I don't really think this is actually acceptable by facebook's terms of service though, not sure about google. See point 4 in https://www.facebook.com/terms.php That's only for people with Google Apps for Education (teachers)!! Also, if you are under 13 you can't use the site if you didn't sign up with google/facebook (which have their own weird under 13 rules) See "1. Eligibility" in ( http://www.khanacademy.org/about/tos ) EDIT: Also, I found out that youtube actually doesn't let anyone under 13 use their service, so I'm guessing you can't watch the videos either if you're under 13. See "12. Ability to Accept Terms of Service" in ( http://www.youtube.com/static?gl=US&template=terms ) I just found out the internet is just for people over 13... Stealing from a vending machine is now hacking? I guess a few of you could also find out that if someone left a window open you could get in their house and take a free TV, that would also show you the joy of "beating a system"... *Portuguese What sense of entitlement? She's only expressing that she would like to be easier and clearer. Are these not valid wishes? I did not interpret her text like you at all... Oh well Instead of sending a pass-phrase encrypted ZIP file via email or IM beyond auto-delete feature, you go to this website, input the information and share the URL with the person of choice. Man, finally somebody that doesn't install stuff on the screencast TL;DR People don't have common sense and make fools of themselves, then try to blame others. You are correct. He had a chart with the days of the week (columns) and virtues (rows). He would then note how many faults he had committed each day. He tried to perfect each virtue for some time before adding another, and would perform cycles of this system that lasted several weeks each. He later stopped doing it, claiming lack of time but he still saw much value in performing this task. You may find this in more detail in his book, which is reproduced here (I have pointed for the specific chapter): http://www.benjaminfranklinbiography.net/#IX How do you know with such certainty that what he wrote isn't what he thinks? I was under the impression that it is illegal to tear up money, is this the case in the US as well? I remember being on the internet since I was about 10 and I always said I was over 18 for whatever I did on the internet because I knew otherwise there would be restrictions. Is this a hard concept to grasp? From what I understood you can download a song thinking its new hottest club hit and have your Kindle bricked. I don't understand how a more eficient chain of supply and preparation will make healthier food cheaper. I was under the impression that generally lower quality goods are cheaper then higher quality ones, which in the case of food means healthier food. Could you explain your reasoning? I understand this is just someone sharing an opinion but most of the time when I read articles about startups people seem like they're talking about opinions and subjective thoughts as if they're hard facts. What works for some companies in a given environment may not work at all in another situation. Sharing a scenario is good. Making as rules based on anecdotes isn't so good. What amazes me is that people actually think this is the right way to look at things... I don't understand the women+minority problem. Different people have different interests, and I believe this is a good thing and not a problem. If more diversity were to come to the startup world that would be awesome, but I don't see this as a problem that needs fixing. Startup people just have to keep doing what they do and if more people get interested in startups then things will all fall into place. What about the percentages of women and minorities in such places as politics? Is this a problem too? What about other industries that are dominated by women, is there a problem there? People like what they like and that's that! Unfortunately I can't see any formulas correctly and the tables are quirky. Example: http://offline-wiki.googlecode.com/git/app.html?Permeability... Assuming that wanting to look good is the product of low self-esteem doesn't seem very reasonable. Being from an European country myself I find it ever so amusing that all my life I've been hearing that "If we were only like the USA" in some regards. Ironic isn't it? He did say that he didn't know anything about making kickstarter videos, so it's not like he fooled you into watching him dancing. And for what the product is I think I got the general idea, even with all the dancing. I don't believe this is google just because of all the manual labor involved. Google would scrape the whole site and call people with pre-recorded messages or something. The operation would be fully automated. I actually don't have any opinion wether they would do it or not, but I doubt manual labor would be involved if that was the case. Not even a few words to describe each one and their merits? I guess this is yet another top 10 that will get dilluted with the rest of the spam. On the issue of performance you should read the stackoverflow blog. You imply that everyone that pirates doesn't buy. And you imply that people who pirate would instead buy if they couldn't pirate. I never seen proof to any of those two assertions. I got a kindle 7 months ago and I was given a regular physical book to read this Christmas. I don't know if it's just me but I found it really hard to go back to the book format. Just holding it is much more of hassle. I also love how I can instantly go to the dictionary on my kindle, which also has the serendipity factor! It's not unusual to hop around from word to word on the definitions of the previous one or just finding words which are above or bellow the word I'm looking at! So maybe that serendipity factor isn't all lost after all. I think you've actually demonstrated how something that would be really simple in python, gets horribly complicated in javascript. Or maybe it's just me... I know for sure Montepio has them. Probably others too but that's the only one I use. I pay all my bus tickets with it directly from the bus company website. What I get from this situation is that the people over at 37 Signals are unfortunately, large kids, from the tweets present in the article. I see companies copying other companies' work all the time and although that's morally wrong, I also don't see how some lines of html are going to be the a relevant part of a company. (and if they are... bad news) What I don't see everyday is this kind of immature responses from the copied companies. Usually they just brush it off, because they know that in the end of the day, they are the better company. I say this without any other knowledge of the situation apart from the article though. I still don't see how any of this validates such an immature response from the copied company. Don't they have a PR guy or something to shut them up before they say things they might regret? Well this is very subjective, and I can understand your views, but I just don't think it is professional to be impolite in this manner. Being right should not give you the right to be rude! I can see where you're coming from though. Being a rude person for a long time should not grant rights to be a rude person in the present. From the article: >We did not wish to mislead the public into thinking that scientific issues >are decided by who has the longer list of scientists! I was under the impression that currently accepted scientific discoveries required that the majority of the scientific community to be in agreement. If this is not the case could you point me to an explanation? I'm really curious, not trying to be a smart-ass or something. We have that here for a long time now and my idea of this is basically a Ponzi scheme. When you start having old people live longer, retire earlier and not enough young people to support the system, it all collapses. Our own system is already in really bad shape and the government had to increase the minimum age at which you can retire in order to adjust things. I never had to #DEFINE RESPECT_STALLMAN before I allocated memory or some such, but maybe that's why my programs were always so inefficient and pasta-like this whole time! I know this is highly subjective but I would think that every son would like for his father to be above all, a dad. I wouldn't give a fuck if you drove two mercedes instead of one or if you gave away a billion dollars to cancer research if you couldn't find the time to play LEGO with me. Just my opinion, and I wish you the best of luck in your endeavors. >The preloading will occur in cases when the top match generated by the omnibox's autocompletion functionality is a site that the user visits frequently. This opens lots of cool possibilities such as eliminating the need for two cars in the family for example. You go to work, the car then comes back and drives the wife and then later in the afternoon when both parents are working it goes to school and picks up the kids! I think of addition and I don't see that changing any time soon. The only place that should indeed be more safe is the one you choose not to clear the data from. Shouldn't it be the other way around? With Javascript being the mess that it is I doubt it would be a good starting language, it has too much idiosyncrasies. Most of the post seemed to be excusing Javascript's faults and trying to convince me that I have a problem with said faults because I've been exposed to "better" programming languages. No shit . To be fair, Javascript is the easiest language to teach through a website, but that's it. The goal shouldn't be to make the teacher's life easy rather then providing the right tools for the student. Ah, unfortunate name clash with http://elixir.ematia.de/trac/wiki which is a python wrapper on top of sqlalchemy made me confuse for a second. I would say it's actually much less challenging than ever before since now they exist. Everytime I see these Terms of Use I wonder, to what extent are they applicable? They can write whatever they want there, but what is enforceable? Example: "By registering to this website the user agrees to the obligation of coming everyday to mike's house and give him a foot massage" Suspending him only shows that if a vulnerability exists (and they always do) in the future people won't go about it so openly because what they'll get for their troubles will be an account suspension. The guy could have done real harm if he kept silent and used it maliciously, chose not to, and got suspended. Github should pay him for finding the vulnerability instead! I was excited about this pokki business and went to their website to see what it's like. After seeing the video I thought it could be cool, click, click, click. "Sorry, Pokki does not support your operating system." Oh. >> Why Unix? Mac OS X is Unix under the hood: the Darwin kernel Just beeing pedantic but I think Darwin is the operating system, not the kernel. The kernel is Mach 3. "There are a finite number of irreplaceable hours in a human life and it makes sense to fill those limited hours with as much remarkable experience as possible. " Goes on to say how he played a computer game for more than 365 hours of his life. I wouldn't count some 360+ hours of the same game as "the most remarkable experiences possible" but that's just me. I really don't get what is so fundamentally wrong with email. Sure you get a lot of it, but with spam control, filters and tags set up stuff gets sorted out pretty well. And if you have something that can be solved with a 2 minute call don't waste an afternoon of back and forward emails. It's more like a limitation. Yup, all the time. It has some nice plugins and the settings are simple enough. Terminal panel, several files open with splitted screen, it has everything! "Or is life simply a contest to see who can build the most prestigious obituary?" Life is what you make of it. If checking boxes doesn't make you happy, don't do it. It's my opinion that once you put information on the internet it is public domain and anyone who wishes to mine it is free to do so. The burden of keeping yourself private lies with you. I think this would never happen where I live. Honestly this seems like its the same thing as you guys in the US not being able to say merry christmas because it might offend someone. What's so wrong with being offended anyway? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHMoDt3nSHs&t=3m30s I think people over there just take everything to seriously. What I said is that where I live its not like this. Girls wouldn't make a fuss about this, and would probably make more sexual jokes then guys actually. So yes maybe in comparison you guys need to lighten up as a society or something. I've been mocked plenty for a bunch of reasons and I'm sure everyone has too. When I was a kid I ran up to my mom and said "Hey mom, that kid was mean to me." and she would tell me "Just ignore him." and make me go play again. Now I'm a grown up and I don't need to go to my mom everytime someone makes fun of me or looks at me wierd. And I sure don't go whinning to the internet. You can not however, make a database of all the people of a given race that currently live on a X mile radius of some given place by looking at them in person without a lot of time or trouble. Benítez. Wait a minute, check his credentials, who the hell is he to tell you how to administer your server? I think you meant to say "raison d'être" I am also interested in the debugging part. You would get payed if you stayed longer? Here (Portugal) it's common practice for every kind of dev to work overtime with no extra pay, it's seen as a trait of the job and it's not just when there's a huge deadline, because there always is. How do the hospitals get payed if people can't pay them? Do people go to jail because they had no money when they were about to die? This looks as efficient to hospitals as writing a bill to a rock or a tree The guy in the video said "software" at a rate of 10.3 per minute This is the easiest and best way I've ever found to draw electrical circuits. Oh my god. So much components. I'm shaking in happiness for all the time I won't have to waste trying to fight inkscape & friends. (Not even mentioning latex packages to do this) "sleek UX + great content/data = magic sauce for user stickiness and monetization." Even if it would make them stick around more, how would that monetize the site? Magically? He already has a big realm of possibilites for monetization. He just doesn't know what to choose. And you told him, hey you know what, you could get even MORE possibilities and then everything will solve itself and money and stuff. Reminiscent of the "2. ????" before "3. profit". When I saw the wall appear and get moved I instantly thought about some variation of a programmers pong of sorts. Or other games! Everything is out of stock I believe you, but I was gonna give them I try and apparently I can't! Who is forcing users to go to a website? I consider a website the same as someone's house. While I'm interacting with their server its obvious they'll want to know what I'm doing. Its tracking people outside of a website's scope that should be allowed only with consent, such as facebook tracking people when they go to sites with a like button and so on Sure, but I still need to know where you are and what you're doing in the "shop" to make sure you're not just making it crap for everyone else I agree with you, but just to point out what I believe the GPL people think about your point: If you're going to write non-GPL'ed code, they would prefer you wouldn't even write the code, Stallman has said this many times. I think they equate this to something along the lines of just creating more "prisons" and just because you have a bunch of "prisons" to choose where to spend your life, it doesn't make you more free http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymuqUJ3MsEs&t=3m12s Lots of people skip generations, or are simply on the lookout to finally get a smartphone. Samsung kinda has to play this game. I wonder how many freelancers there are on a site with no open registrations, and if that comes close to "all" of them. You'll have to do better to get my email address. "This forces Google to adjust all of its strategies to counter this threat. In so doing, Google must take its eye off the Android ball, allowing the Microsoft's Windows Phone and tablet initiative to catch up to Android." It seems like the author believes Google is a two person company which cannot compete on several fronts. I've been wondering for a while how long it would take for mass fake projects being created on kickstarter/indiegogo once these sites got more widely known. This project uses stolen pictures, but one could easily mock up random 3D scenes, make a cool video and walk away with 100k for two days work He doesn't believe in gifts. Yada yada, one of the two will die first and the other one will be at a disadvantage. I see the paid plans as a "support us" tier. You can do everything you want to mess around with the free plan. I really hope this keeps being optional because otherwise a lot of the authentic value of the videos will be lost. Also, the demo they showed looked like it was algorithmically deteriorated to make the change more noticeable. There's shaky hands and then there's parkinsons-level shaking which was what the demo showed... There's also more important applications for this, for example detecting common postures and grips on fallen asleep drivers or knives that know when their not being handled properly. Additionally a world of possibilities opens up for the blind and disabled if you can inform them of objects they are touching in a room. I find these applications (and surely many more I am not enumerating) much more appealing then controlling a phone, but alas, that's what sells. Lets hope the eye-candy stuff propels the technology so that the really useful stuff can be built at a lower price. I would use it if you didn't change the css, and didn't make share the rightmost link. Also, that "block this guy" popup is really pervasive when you're just roaming around with the mouse. Other than that, really nice work! Maybe its just me, I'm always moving the mouse around and selecting stuff while I read. Just so that this post isn't useless, the reason I complained about the css is that I think the light orange bg with black fg is easier on the eyes. I liked that you increased the titles' sizes but the rest of the links are still very small! I browse hn with 150% zoom full-time so having good sized titles and small sized other links or just really oversized everything is kinda crappy! Is that the place where they actually work? It looks like disney world. Honest question by the way Insults drive people who can't handle them away. By experience, those people will worry about meaningless things and make a fuss about nothing. Insults are a filter, just deal with it. If you don't like someone because they talk harshly just don't deal with them, you're free to do as you please. Soap operas on HN heh? As long as he is a law abiding citizen I don't see what business anyone has with what he does or where he lives. No Linux stats. That's too bad! I would really love to see how they would compare to mac and windows download counts. You will be wise to note that what people say to newspapers, or just generally, might not always be the truth. Pastéis de Belém, heh? Actually Amazon and Yahoo and others have much more impressive "after 3 years" returns Not one of the methods listed here would detract a decent scraper. Moreover you would either screw with your users or with SEO if you wanted to make this or that technique more aggressive. If your database has really great content it's not because some kid has copy of your website online that you'll lose users. Stackoverflow has been scraped to death and nobody goes to the other sites to check out answers. Do you really think a bunch of scrapers' time is more valuable then yours? I'm assuming that you have the ability to create this great piece of content that people want to have so I think your time would be better spent either creating more of said content or pursuing other endeavors other then making some kids waste an additional 15 minutes figuring out a way to solve an interesting puzzle. When I saw ipython for the first time I was really excited but now I realize I never actually use it. Any thoughts about why it isn't appreciated? Having read the original I'll have to say that my takeaway from this post is very similar to what I thought about the book. The overall sentiment and advice are great and extremely helpful but the specific examples are bad and should be taken with a grain of salt. The thing I've learned from the book is that your approach to life and social situations can be improved, but applying a "conversational algorithm" to real life will only make you come across as naive at best and a farce with no personality at worst. Don't show us a register box, show us the product right away. echo "1+2" | bc No need to go online for math. Unless that wasn't what you meant at all in which case, what did you mean? If people talk about the Chrome botnet I can only imagine what would be said of a facebook browser. Just for completeness sake: units '371633 hours' 'years' "Electrical engineers work with Kirchhoff’s Voltage and Current Laws, not the nightmare that is Maxwell’s Equations." I have a strong feeling you are not an electrical engineer. Not using Maxwell's equations is surely not one of them :) I never knew tutorials could be so fun. I really enjoy the fact that he is quick about it too, most screencasts usually are so slow that it is a pain to follow. The only thing I like about this is the fact that they "censored" out the email addresses at the bottom but you can still hover & click on them. :) Don't really get the theory behind changing the default stack size for threads. Feels like they did it just to be different which might get someone scratching their heads for a bit. "You can't test multiple sites on the same host using just the IP." I'm not getting what the problem is. Isn't this what ports are for? Or even just running the websites on different folders? It seems like when trading C for Go I'll be trading a few more lines of code for a bunch of black magic and a new syntax. Not sure if want. Hey, I've been doing some gigs in oDesk and when you're working on an hourly billed project it's quite safe. They have a piece of software you install that randomly takes print screens while you're working, and makes sure you're active by measuring keystrokes and mouse clicks. You also do daily reports and so the guy who is paying you basically knows everything that is going on. If things eventually don't check out they can appeal on the payments based on the activity and end result, but I have no experience with that. You are not paid based on these metrics, they are there so that the employer can have an idea of what's happening. I'm sure everyone will be very pleased when you deliver a project update on time even if you record 0 key strokes. Also, make proper use of graphics switching. I live with intel integrated graphics and won't even bother to try and switch to my ati because after about two weeks of searching forums when I got the laptop, I just gave up. This means, among other things, that I don't get to have webGL. Still, Linux all the way since everything else is awesome! Being able to accept the fact that we as individuals die, what is the thing that stop us from accepting that we as a civilization, and as a species will eventually cease to exist? The planet will still be here and there will surely be life left once conditions don't permit humans to survive, but even if it should be impossible for life to persist on Earth, so what? It's not like Nature and the Universe were made for us to eventually dominate and expand, they just exist and so do we, for a while. PS: Obviously I don't think we should just nuke everything because we're /eventually/ going to die, but I find the general fear and surprise at the fact that we as a species could cease to exist interesting. Like we're entitled to live forever because the Universe is ours or something. "How to circle people, how to perfect your profile, how to craft effective posts, how to comment, how to respond to comments, and how to share photographs." This warrants a book? Looks really good, I hope the rails beta goes smoothly because I would really love to have this for Django. Loved the demo! PS. Why not: on console focus-loss -> file browser auto refresh "They’ve surpassed their $25,000 goal so these things will definitely ship." Someone doesn't have a clue about how kickstarter works heh? There's absolutely no guarantee of this! Also, there seems to be one of these "sense the world" devices coming out on kickstarter each week, so one wonders why the first / second / third project like this didn't follow up and grabbed the market since there seems to be one (one successful funding after another). Is this a kickstarter trend? Just have the one funding round and stop? Kudos for the Disney soundtrack on the video I guess Underground cables have more expensive set up costs, lower lifetime, and higher maintenance costs. The price you pay for electricity doesn't even come close to justifying burying power lines. There's also the ecological stuff if you find that a reasonable argument. Bottom line, burying power cables just so you don't have to light a candle for a night isn't worth it. Not breaking the law: Public library, ask to use the computer while someone else is using it with the excuse for it just taking a minute. (If they have logs, its the guy's name) Breaking the law: Break into someone's house, use internet. This looks like a really good way to stop putting all your messy code into Controllers and start putting it into Operations. The problem with messy code or where it lives will not go away because you think about it differently, you just have to either hire better people or spend more time and money refactoring. If you can store values for a given time frame with such time frame higher than the delay of the circuit, why don't we just build a latch and extend the time frame indefinitely? Or are these diamonds only settable once, and then you have to build another one? I find it interesting that a feminist would rather invest her time studying social phenomenons involving videogames and legos in detriment of issues such as women being forced to marry their rapists or even killed because of them. Additionally, I'm not sure why she needs backing for this project. She clearly has a high quality camera and the means to produce high quality video footage, as presented in the kickstarter page. This brings back the doubts I always had about ToS's. How do you even know what is enforceable and by what laws. I can be in country A using a website by a company with headquarters in country B, making a request to a bunch of servers in countries C & D. What about putting silly things on ToS's like "you need to drop your pants while using the service" and similar? What about content on other websites? Do I need to comply to Facebook's terms if a website has an iframe with a like button? Declaring it has zero notability as far as cool hacks go is highly subjective. I for one think this is much cooler then the usual CRUD to-do list webapps we see around here so much. Hey there, I made this. I'm not good with words, I'll definitely give you that. What I tried to say on the page is that you can't/shouldn't (someone has since told me there could be a shady website that might try to charge a card with only a number - this seems unlikely because anyone can generate these as the algorithm is in the public domain but yeah) use these for anything because you just have a random number which happens to validate. You will need more in order to buy anything. I've learnt that the expiration date together with the number can be sufficient, but you usually need a 3 or 4 digit sequence as a confirmation code as well. As stated there (although as you said, poorly worded), the other use case by "normals" is for things like finding out how much it would cost to ship something from amazon before you actually want to buy etc. Thanks for the feedback! The most common example I know is calculating shipping prices on Amazon. Also much more expensive and not as easy to find though I'll clean it up and open-source it when I have a bit of time! I used your prefixes and based my code on yours for what I did, I've already put you in the footer, but heroku's git server is acting up, as soon as I can it'll be online with a link back to you! Same setup, works for me. I haven't followed any magic special steps though! Although I don't agree with this patent, or software patents generally, I think you're wrong. By using the coookies in a very specific way they are achieving something new. They aren't merely pushing a "set cookie" button. It is analogous to using standard electronic components in a new way to make a new circuit which has a particular purpose. You wouldn't call it "hey, they are just using resistors and capacitors, how is this an invention?" I could argue that there's much better programmers than you right now who could do whatever you want to do in less time and with less bugs. Just spend a small amount of money and get them to help you out. Trying to improve is never a bad thing! In Portugal most people have prepaid cellphones, you can get the same kinds (all the recent high end smartphones etc) as with a contract and most prepaid credit plans don't expire. As I understood it that's exactly what the camera is doing, and the morse code is just a helpful pattern with a known distance to make more precise measurements of ground speed. With no patterns one could think of a situation where the surface sand/terrain would be displaced but your actual position was exactly the same. Glad to see more legitimate uses of bitorrent which currently are basically getting new linux distros and the odd free indie movie. From the outside it kinda looks like New Zealand is just trying to make 'murrica happy on this one, so I'm not sure they would be so lucky elsewhere (ie not the UK/CAN/NZ) Avatars-as-a-service. Oh boy. I wonder where this will stop. I guess I'll fold when someone goes at profit-as-a-service. "Open source life for a year" scroll Macbook. In a perfect world the ads would be a small link right after the torrent title/name. The link would read "buy original" and would send you to a webpage with links to Amazon/Steam/other store where you would get to buy the original if you liked what you read/seen/heard/played. They could make some affiliate profit out of it too. Very interesting information regarding monetization strategies and several problems regarding theft and vandalism of a network of the same kind in Paris: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V%C3%A9lib "There's also a political aspect, because birthrates among Arabs in Israel have at times been as much as double those of Jews, triggering a population race that some believe could one day affect who controls the land." What problem is there in Arabs "controlling" the land? I guess in the end IBM would come into the room and shut everyone up. Working on Chrome 21.0.1180.79 on Ubuntu. Looks really cool too. Great demos! Well, its quite obvious isn't it? A holodeck. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holodeck This is just content locking with lipstick on, which was up until now among tactics such as cloaking and keyword stuffing, at least in my view. Hopefully they'll make it less scammy. If I could just do a 1min survey to access premium content that would be fine, but my fear is that I would have to go through 1min surveys for stuff that I now get for free. reproduce: Produce again. Produce a copy or representation of. Bad wording indeed. I would say advertising on previous apps, creating a facebook page and supporting users, strategic naming/branding, are all part of marketing, but still a good story. Maybe you meant to say outsourced paid marketing? "The frequency of working from home has been rising rapidly in the US" I don't understand why they even mention the USA. Do they try to extrapolate that USA workers would react the same way Chinese workers did? I'm don't know if they would but it is reasonable to fear that the very different cultural environment could affect results. Or not, we don't know. Hence my question. I guess they can only keep this up if they do it in small batches. Once you get like 5 million people listed the extortion party ends since http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVNjnyD38UA The laptops that I've so far had (acer, asus, fujitsu) could all be opened and a screw on each side could be tightened when they got too loose. So that's a tip you can use. Average Joe PC user is the guy that fills Apple's pockets. And Samsung's for that matter. Just to add something regarding MBNet, it is also now possible to create a virtual credit card for multiple transactions, I believe up to a year. But it will never go over whatever limit you set at the beginning. It's a great payment method indeed. This doesn't happen to me, but assuming you will never want to go to "www.hackernews.com" and that you will be able to update this record when/if the hn IP changes: sudo bash -c 'echo "174.132.225.106 www.hackernews.com" >> /etc/hosts' Down for me at least. Cache: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache%3Ahttps... My sennheiser ones have a small raised dot on the left one, similar to Braille. Works very well. I've heard a similar story about a guy who was drunk and pissed in a playground in the middle of the night. On the same note: Your life sucks a lot more than Zynga games. Oh. Ah, I've been building something like this for my own use in static sites. I use Django templating with variables loaded from a config file, thinking about supporting some sort of database for more complex sites. Also planning on compiling (less), combining and minifying css/js files automatically on file changes. Like a jekyll of my own on steroids. It's a cool little side project to have that you can add bits and bytes to when you need them. I use namecheap[1] for everything domain related and never had a problem. There's a no downtime migration guide here [3]. [1] (Affiliate) http://www.namecheap.com?aff=37912 [2] (Non-Affiliate) http://www.namecheap.com [3] http://www.namecheap.com/support/knowledgebase/article.aspx/... Keep working on inculcate.me and show them how it's done. The video did say you can have your ad display just in websites related to your own. You don't lack imagination, but I bet you didn't really try to think about what you could do. When you first dive into Linux, you learn that you have a thousand different simple commands. And you feel kinda lost. Then you start using them in ways their programmers never imagined. And you chain them with pipes and do some really cool shit. You do that because nobody told you what they were for, they just were. If it's not too much trouble I usually present their version and a modified one that I think it's better, if they feel their version is the way to go, I don't even blink, they're the ones paying. Regarding idea no. 2. You realize that putting electronics inside a microwave isn't as simple as that, right? http://i.imgur.com/OFEg9.gif In one of the rounds the attack was exactly that, payload inside a gif Not wanting to take the pill is classic cognitive dissonance. You want a good and lasting relationship forever but after you realize you'll never have it you come to terms that it isn't that great anyway because of this and that. Not sure why this is on HN though. Any half-witted programmer will realize this is boring boilerplate work as he is doing this for the first time. The second time he just runs his setup script and gets right to business. I'm not familiar with the OS X world but a while ago while checking out Jekyll's codebase I saw they used "directory_watcher" to do this. So that's an option as well. Just the title is wrong, on the website they say CakePHP One would think that if one was to renounce its citizenship, waiting for a predefined age set by whom you will be renouncing would be rather odd. Not the greatest of books, but indeed a classic among students here! So he takes two little kids to a country where he doesn't speak the language, with no directions, no confirmed place to stay, unreliable internet connectivity and somehow he isn't the one to blame? He is very goofy but exactly what I would expect from a rocket engineer doing tv hosting. Quirky but awesome! Doesn't sound artificial to me at all, but I'll agree he doesn't sound very comfortable doing it yet. Wow, they're going to land the ignition rockets in future launches! That's great and sounds like it would be cheaper than the NASA space shuttle. Can't even begin to imagine the amazing feedback control that'll go on in that thing. The things that bother me most when thinking about writing are the facts that while writing about myself I won't be writing about anything particularly exciting for anyone. If writing about another subject I won't be writing anything better than what you can already find on any given book written by an expert. So what does one write about? I try to fight this and I manage to write something once in a while, but I can't help but feel like I'm "cheating" the reader by wasting their time reading me. What is a good way to fight this feeling, other than forcing myself to post on a blog occasionally? That's kind of a contradiction. If you can't predict consumer behavior why would investors give money to experienced entrepreneurs? From their point of view, they would be better off giving money to someone naive so they would get a bigger cut for the same price, while getting the same odds on the "predict consumer behavior" front. > That’s $20 million per day ($830 million per year) How could they let that slip? Is there anything country specific on the phone? Seriously thinking about crossing the border to buy one. Would I have problems with the store or anything? This sounds like a scene from the movie "To Rome with Love" where this normal guy is followed around by reporters and he tells them how he likes to brush his teeth and exactly which kind of toast he ate in the morning. Not sure why it is interesting to know that Linus (or anybody else) is installing a piece of software to try it out. Perhaps a livestreaming site where people would go "Whoa, did you see the way he opened the browser" would have some popularity too! This is awesome, and really well done. The keyboard bindings are very handy. Would be great if it had older snapshots. We humans also need a habitat. Hey, another user here that would love to be able to just export parts of the circuit. I usually just use circuitlab for the rendering because SPICE is ugly and bloated and when in need of good looking schematics for reports circuitlab is great. Maybe have a tool that allows you to select just a part of the schematic like some print screen tools have when you just want to save a part of the screen, and export just that. I never experienced the crashes that the other poster talks about though. Thanks for a great product by the way! Cache: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache%3Astore... If one were to read on this subject just as an outsider peeking in, what book would you advise? And I would recommend the original vehemently! You failed to provide the proof he asked for though. What he means is, assuming a majority of the paper production comes from managed woodland, making the destruction of habitats and so on a mute argument, how does that compare to having datacenters being built everywhere, and what is better? Never having liked the taste of coffee, I rarely drink it. I think the first time I had one was in a school field trip where everyone decided to pull our first all-nighter. Now I only use it when I need to finish something with a deadline and I can't possibly sleep to do it (this would be mitigated with better time management, but alas, this is how it is). Never having made an habit of it though, a single espresso (1 once) gives me the jitters, a slight disturbing feeling in my heart area and keeps me fully pumped up for about ~4 hours if I am falling asleep when I take it. I think this way of using it is much more valuable than "wasting" it by accustoming my body to a morning "pick-me-up" ritual. Bing is also in a long game for 3 years now, in web years that has got to be more, surely. Interestingly enough this website doesn't have: 1) Custom 404 page 2) robots.txt 3) PICS label 4) viewport meta-tag 5) Google Rich Snippets 6) Fails the recommended CSS validator In Portugal my bank has a system which works very similarly to iDEAL from what I saw in the site. It's very rarely used. The system that most people use is a different one on which you create a virtual credit card for some given amount and use those credentials when paying. It's much cleaner, it ties with your personal bank account, and you don't need to actually own a credit card or pay fees. As soon as the payment is processed the card gets invalidated and no further charges can be made. Pretty sweet. It's a milestone. It represents the success of the platform and reaffirms the strong community and large userbase. I used Adblock Plus for several years without remorse. Last year I started some websites and slapped Adsense on them to cover server costs and realized I would be an hypocrite if I kept using Adblock so I've stopped since. If someone who is more knowledgeable can answer, how would this compare to existing soft processor cores such as MicroBlaze? Wonder how this is relevant for Hacker News. Is this soap-opera tuesday? From reading good writing, and by looking at opening sentences specially I came to the conclusion that the best way to start a chunk of text is by starting to say what you want to say. Just say what you have to say and don't think about it as an "opening sentence". By thinking of structure you lose perspective of the most important thing in any writing, the message. My favorite writers get to the point quickly and effectively. Adding cruft is unnecessary and disrespectful to readers and usually only serves to make you feel better about your writing. “Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away” – Antoine de Saint-Exupery Is there proof that services where real names are used have users with better conversion rates for advertisers? I usually have the same amount of disposable cash when I'm on Facebook and when I'm on HN. What you wouldn't have though is a large group of people dedicated to actively monitor what is being captured. >someone whose only contribution to the property was to register it early on Why do you seem to think this has no value? The world is made of other such occurrences being valued immensely. In the downloads tab "Download for Mac OSX" is the worse choice for a default. Either choose the one with the most users (Windows) or the open one (Linux)... Ah, there was a typo. It's fixed, thanks. Yeah, one of the things I had in mind were special option fields for each kind of data. Like specifying range of numbers, number of words, formats for data/time/zipcodes... But I wanted something out of the door quickly and had to leave that out for now. Thanks for the feedback :) Will look into it, thanks for the tip. Also had an idea of accepting an SQL schema dump to auto-generate the right columns. There's definitely stuff to improve. To be fair, you could say that about most tools on the web though. I use them a lot when I'm designing hardware, but I never use them when I'm doing "regular programming", there's no reason to do it if I can use more readable, higher level constructs. On Chrome 26.0.1410.43 Linux, it's broken as well. The app would define core features and nice-to-have features. The user would be able to disable the nice-to-haves. Admittedly this just pushes the problem one layer down because Facebook would just make everything part of the core and force people to install. And now the user would have the burden of trying to figure out what was going on. 3.99$ vs 0$ means it is infinitely better not just 4x times better. Those limits are to prevent its use in intercontinental missiles. If intends to build one, I guess he'll have bigger problems than the speed at which his GPS receiver works. If you were thinking about the case where he sells it to someone making a missile, I guess that if someone is able of getting a missile capable of intercontinental flight, a GPS receiver won't be the missing bit. You cannot make that assumption, there can be other factors that lower the rate to 1/10th and without those it could actually be 10x just because "prison isn't scary". I'm not taking any sides but you can't make that jump without controlling every other variable. At the cost of power which will increase your necessary total capacitance. There's a lot of good information in the article for software people for whom hardware design is strange but I think the author makes some strange points. For starters, its strange to have him refer to Verilog as a programming language multiple times all over the article. Anyone that has ever tried to do even minimal stuff on hardware will know this the wrong way to think about things. Verilog, VHDL and whatever other hardware description languages should not be approached as programming languages, or you'll have a bad time. You need to think about what you are generating. By using HDL's we have the ability to avoid messing with crappy interfaces where you drag chips and connect wires by hand, but ultimately you really need to know what's being generated. If you write a couple of lines and have no idea of the hardware behind it, you'll likely be making a lot of mistakes. Everyone that has tried messing with FPGA's without thinking about this has ended up with hundreds of generated latches among other niceties... There's already some degree of syntactic sugar on VHDL processes (or verilog @ blocks) which make it really easy to shoot yourself in the foot by abstracting stuff. Ultimately you'll want to know what's going on rather than not. Hardware is hard, but when you need the performance you'll do it the right way, or you might as well save yourself a lot of trouble and just go with a beefier machine and some optimized C code. Google wants you to store your files (music, documents, pictures) online instead of in a local card. You have one ad position right now that I can see. Increase that so you can cover hosting without problems. Maybe allow people to pay an annual fee to remove ads and have more storage space or whatever. What would be the first few avenues you should consider? 4chan is still open You realize that you sound like propaganda yourself? I saw this announcement on local news some days ago. There's data from the past but no easy way to see it at a glance. In any case if you scrape it and do a nicer interface it could be cool to check things like mortality in the winter vs summer, decline in crime / road kills. It was announced in a public safety thingie so I'm guessing its purpose was to track epidemics, just not sure who is going to use it. Journalists maybe if they can deal with the shitty UX. Not complaining though, more access to data is always better. > If a person expects lots of medical care later in life, suggest them a portfolio heavy on medical stocks so that if their expenses go up, their investment does too. How is what an individual spends in medical care correlated with medical stocks? It appears to me that, in the examples shown, the advantage of Go in terms of clarity is only in the existence of the "func" keyword. Can you provide a source for that? Git is so powerful and complex. I do agree that the user interface is poor and most of the arguments I've heard in favor just sound like the person already invested a great deal of time learning, and so won't accept change. A great coat on top of a powerful kernel which eases the 90% use case of git is very welcome in my opinion. I can't wait to see what they mean to do with merge/rebase in gitless 1.0. What I don't understand is that effectively for me, and everyone I know, Whatsapp is indeed free. Everyone started using it despite the "1st year free, after that pay up" and every year since we get a message saying like "we extended your membership for another year, please consider paying though". I'm not sure if it's different in other countries but from where I stand there's loads of people using whatsapp and not paying a cent for it. Liquid foods are pretty terrible in regards to appetite control since you don't feel full for quite as much time as with solid food. Something to consider once your maintenance calories drop and you have a harder time losing weight. You're delusional if you think 12%/year returns are feasible for a period of time of 30 years for the average (hell, even for very good ones) investor. On the other hand you're also delusional if you think it is that hard to save more than 20% on a $100k salary. > Machine: hi , this is from helpdesk connect , what can i help you with today ? > Human: hi , i forgot my password > Machine: ok great That's something unexpected to hear from tech support. Thank you for this list! I'm reaching the end of THoR and it's indeed amazing. I find his style very relaxing, and while walking to/from work its great company. English only. I do it like the guy above and I just set it to some amount of heat and keep looking at the thing every 5 min. You can gather from the looks of it if it's going too slow or too fast and adjust accordingly. We're using it for immutable infrastructure where we build images with ansible and deploy those images. It's basically the same as a dockerfile and ultimately instead of a container you use a right sized machine. I don't really get the need to containerise everything unless you are buying big metal and deploying on top of that. Catching a falling knife is always a good idea. You want to reach as many people as you can, and nowadays people are pretty proficient with using a browser to go to a web page. If you can reduce the number of steps between you and your users, I'd say that's a good thing. Right now that can mean putting everything on the web, in the future, who knows. We're using Ansible which means we use ansible-vault to store secrets. We store the encrypted files in S3 and decrypt them on deploy as needed. It means you live inside cadence actually drawing where metal will go, where poly will go and so on, you design the actual transistors, connections, everything. You do this design and you're constantly fixing warnings and errors about process limitations such as "this metal line can't be thinner than X amount", or "on level 3 you can't have this interconnect so closer together" and so on. Looks more or less like this: http://i.imgur.com/ECIVChO.png Weight loss approach (eat less than you need) works for everyone, people just don't do it. In Malta you also get to do everything in English and foreigners with companies have nice tax breaks. Vodafone does this in Portugal. Or you use state sponsored designs and everyone has access to it. This is a bit naive. If you've ran a production system with any decent traffic and never needed to SSH into machines, congrats. I haven't and I don't know anyone who has. You might need to go in for anything from auditing to troubleshooting, even if it's rare. PS: How is your automated provisioning system reaching your cluster if not by SSH? "Trusted Advisor" on the AWS Console has been doing this for a long time, for several types of under-utilized, not only instances. Not only this but it also notifies you when you're reaching default limits so you can put in a support request for limit increase before you hit them. Users generally update by default, if thousands upon thousands didn't it's because someone else fucked up. I find it funny how a small group of people thinks they know better than the outer community, to the point that they feel like they should have a say in what thousands of businesses use to run successful code. More than this, I would argue that most people using Python 3 are those new to the language. This is only from personal experience, so it's really just anecdote. PS: In a kind of jesty side-note, I know the general argument is that "python 2 was broken", but really, how broken can something be when thousands of businesses depend on it and more than that, choose to keep using it when a "better" alternative comes about? If the argument is "don't DIY" then the software is kinda broken. The whole purpose of a software project is to have users... use it. If you're going the way of outsourcing why stop at using ECS, just pay someone to run your software business and focus on... idk, marketing? Actually used this throughout university and it works really well, specially when you already have a go-to template. Nowadays I use Keynote but if I didn't have it LaTeX would still be my first pick. This isn't true, you still need a read replica if you want it to failover under a minute. Otherwise it'll try to create another DB. Except you could just put a billboard right there in the airport exit saying how much an average trip to the city center costs for very little money. Nothing to do with this project per se, but I still do not understand the deal with material design on the web. I can understand the case for it's use in small screens and maybe falling back to it based on media queries makes sense but I'm yet to see a good looking website on a laptop using material design. You're google and you still take a print screen of a spreadsheet instead of using an HTML table to display tabular information on a blog post. And until they do? If a company isn't able to capitalize on the whole global market why shouldn't someone else fulfill that need? People usually take the stance of "it's just ripping of that other original company's idea" but it's very hard to make a business succeed and grow it, wherever it is, much more in the harsher overall conditions Africa generally presents. Then it should be more like 30 seconds, 15 to put things in and 15 to take things out, or are you watching it for those 7 minutes? Just trying to point out that you should quote the actual time it takes. Tried to draw a dick, failed to be recognized. Two passwords, one wipes the device the other unlocks. Development environments with access to live data. Tasty! I chuckled at the thought of getting a PhD to be financially successful. If I actually learn it as opposed to just reading something I keep track of it by remembering it. That's what learning is. Just because you don't see those ugly macros to make your pure high level language portable, doesn't mean they're not there, somewhere. I find it funny that someone who calls themselves a minimalist would keep physical books. "I have never been in an accident" Much less a serious accident where important safety features make a difference is one of those things you won't generally hear the reverse being said since, you know, you'd be dead. So I guess you posted this from work then? What a missed opportunity to gather data on all the countries they don't support yet by at least allowing you to see how you are vs the supported countries and using the data to start supporting more. I would speculate that any end date on this scenario will invalidate results. What a person does if it is guaranteed a job for life vs 5 years is wildly different, as you'll need to make sure when those 5 years are up, you'll be ready to enter the job market again, etc. I believe the same will happen with basic income. If we want to study where people gravitate to more fulfilling jobs, feel happier and so on, you need to guarantee them that stability forever. Otherwise people will just rationalize that they got some free money for a while and will not behave in the same way. How incredible it is that a Federal Agency needs a private company to identify its own citizens. You guys really should get smart ID cards like every other sane country. They have a certificate on them and you can even buy a card reader to use the chip and identify yourself in state-ran online services. Come join us in 2017, it's cool here. > If you asked software engineers some of their “least hated” things, you’ll likely hear both UTF-8 and TCP. > UTF-8 I spotted a non-python programmer. Disable the shitty auto-pausing of youtube video on scroll by pasting this on the console: getEventListeners(document.getElementById('tgnbody')).scroll.forEach(function(el){document.getElementById('tgnbody').removeEventListener("scroll", el.listener)}) > With a hardware wallet you get three guesses of a 4 to 8 digit PIN and then it wipes itself > wipes itself Now that seems like a really shitty security feature. Whoever finds it can just wipe out your funds? Tesla looks like Elon's attempt at running a high-stakes Amazon-for-batteries type business where they invest all they get into the business and get massive adoption in the long run. Except for a much much more capital intensive industry, and where so far more than a couple of things have gone wrong. At the moment they're in a very tough spot where they've issued bonds, folded Solar City into Tesla in a weird attempt at bad accounting and pretended like (already 3) new product lines were ready to take in pre-order money. Meanwhile they're using excess battery production capacity not being used for cars (which are stuck in slow production lines) for a quick (small) buck in Australia and Puerto Rico. I think we're going to see either a secondary offer or new bonds being issued soon. My experience of "culture fit" is that it's actually used much more often for "can code well but is a jerk" than anything else. Anecdotal though. That's what hedging is for, you bet that for example, in the overall energy landscape, renewals are going to go up more than "legacy" energy companies, but still protect yourself from overall sector moves. finance.google.com has had a big yellow notice on top for at least 3 months, if not longer. If you haven't noticed before, you weren't a user. It uses VPC flow logs. It's not up to the author to do the thinking for you. Sometimes presenting a story is all that is needed, the rest being left as an exercise to the reader. Not everything needs to be BuzzFeed. It hasn't sailed. If it crashes again, it can climb again just as fast. Good ol' US institutions pressuring foreign judicial systems. Or you could buy a desk and just work from home. Private mode is about hiding a trail from yourself rather than the websites you visit. They still get all your request logs. > but know that you could repeat the experiment if you wanted or needed to The point is that at this rate, quite quickly you won't be able to, the costs would just be too high. So they say it's hard to run it in Kubernetes because they weren't running it in StatefulSets. Then they say you can actually run it properly in a StatefulSet but hand-wave it away with "but people run it on top of Ceph which has issues with latency". That sounds like a shitty excuse to just dismiss the whole thing as too hard. If one particular underlying storage system wasn't good, use a better one. Kubernetes allows you to abstract the actual storage implementation to whatever you want so it's not like there's lack of options. Also I'd be curious to see if "most people" actually use Ceph vs network storage like EBS volumes where AWS guarantees me that I won't have data corruption issues in exchange for money. MaxCDN has shitty performance, terrible monitoring. We have to tell them when their servers are overloaded due to our monitoring detecting regions with super high SSL negotiation times. People often write this as if investing in a "crashed" market is something trivial to spot. Sure you might be able to see prices today are lower than a week ago, but how do you know they aren't going to continue decreasing yet another month? I think every other artist, creator or more generally, independent worker in the world also has all of those costs you mention, and a big chunk of them aren't making anywhere near 7.5k/month. Not that I think it is "too much" or anything like that, please support the arts, but I can see the OP's point regarding it already being a nice sum that she's getting for her most excellent work. Meanwhile, my biggest issue with elasticsearch is that for any kind of system where you have indices of different sizes (eg you have several data models being indexed), your cluster will make no attempt at trying to distribute smartly and instead will stop at "same number of indices per node". Which means you very often end up with a very unbalanced cluster with regards to disk usage. For earlier versions there was a plugin that had a smarter allocator, which would look at disk usage when assigning nodes, but for any recent ES cluster (>2.0) you're left with a shrug. Even factoring the cost of living, if you're getting 1500€ after tax in Lisbon (which is an excellent salary for Portugal), and you pay rent on room in a shared house (~400€) you're not going to be saving much. Plus, an iPhone costs the same in Portugal as in the USA, if not more. While for docs which are very close to code, you're right, good documentation has a lot of things at much higher level than code, and a lot of times teaching people how to do things unrelated to the actual implementation, ie "how to expand a linux file system after you increased an EBS volume". Your comments are a bit reductionist. What provisions are there in place for a company receiving this type of request to confirm the identity of the requesting party? Are companies expected to be able to properly identify a citizen, in order to not disclose possibly very sensitive information to someone else impersonating them? In a lot of cases the company might not even have enough information stored in order to know who the owner of a given account is. How do you prove "abc123@example.com" is Mr. Smith, if your service doesn't ask them for names? Or if it does, which Mr. Smith do you have on record? Email original senders can be spoofed. The first thing I'd do if I was a black hat type attacker would be to submit GDPR information requests to all internet companies I could think of in behalf of all my targets. More than purely looking at disk space, I think it's more useful to look at overall disk write usage which you can get for free by just loading up Trusted Advisor. Thrift mostly solves the problem of crashing a lot and being an undependable mess. Install the Messenger app, delete the Facebook app. There you go. Or we could honor the fact that if a guy buys a domain he owns it until he stops paying. > nobody really does automation to the level that Tesla is trying to do Have you ever looked at production line videos from Mercedes Benz on youtube? You'll see that what Tesla wants to do is actually already being done, only with dead-tree engines instead. Not his money. One thing is acknowledging that if you pour lots of money into getting better at anything (space exploration, waging war, etc) you'll get cool technological advances applicable in other areas. Another thing is to specifically choose to dedicate resources to one of those areas instead of another area. Why can't google bid on AI projects for better detection of geological landmarks in other planets? (which I'm guessing is a similar endeavor to what the article mentions - and already has ongoing research) I found my job through StackOverflow jobs filtering by "Remote". Now I work for Hotjar, and we hire mostly in Europe timezones (although also some in North America). I'm specially interested in a DevOps/SRE type person to join my team, but we have other openings too. And that's why you always set health checks on servers behind a load balancer that should take bad ones out as soon as possible. You then get another interesting problem, which is if the server is only spitting errors when serving requests, it'll then be marked healthy again and forever toggle between healthy and unhealthy. But that you can also solve. Presumably your service would not be in a very useful state anyway if the main data store it needs to function is out, so which kind of health-check you use will depend on the failure mode you want to expose to your users. It's weird the map is shaded by number of deals rather than amount of money invested, or even amount of money per-capita or vs GDP. Portugal for example with 8.6B invested would in my mind be darker (and taking into account GDP) than Spain with 7.1B, although Spain has a higher number of deals. > We have a few issues with it, like Jenkins suddenly deciding to build & test all branches/PRs in all repos, killing the server. I suspect you're using the "organization folder" plugin-thing that periodically re-scans your origin (Github/Bitbucket) and builds all branches that it discovers. Check this out: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45832235/how-to-restrict... I'm curious why you do it for you but not for your kids? If you're using a JavaScript snippet, it's possible that you're still storing visitors IP addresses in your server logs. Unless you mask or remove IP addresses from your logs, that's still no good for GDPR compliance. Where are you from? Your government basically gives you an incentive to get leveraged? That depends on the proportions of the costs, if one area is much larger in absolute values, you can go higher than 10x improvement there, while keeping all other costs equal, while still getting an overall 10x improvement. Amdahl's law yada, yada. They literally just bought 75 million more shares of Apple. In a lot of places pumped hydro is at capacity. There's only so many rivers, but you can generally put batteries anywhere. It's almost as if journalists aren't actual stock market analysts. Media in general suffers from believing their own lies. News rooms hype up stories with outrage based on "it is said that..." kind of stories, which then generate clicks, and somehow think this has anything to do with companies bottom lines. Stopping adding costs is effectively increasing margins. This meme that people from Eastern Europe or India are less capable purely because they live in lower cost-of-living economies is a disgrace. Sure, there's horror stories with big corporations farming out work to random consulting companies whose primary goal is to squeeze money instead of delivering value, but if we're comparing individual people as we are in this thread, that's a very different story. I also doubt that the advantage of being a native English speaker matters much if you cannot express yourself in a clear and concise manner, which has less to do with country of origin, and more to do with your grasp of the subject at hand and your ability to think straight. If you get one of these batteries with the main goal being backup power for your own home in case the grid goes down, why would you ever join such a program? Presumably, if you tie your battery to the grid, and there's some sort of issue with main backbone generation, the grid would pull from your battery for what it thinks is a temporary issue, after which all power would be gone, and now your backup has been drained. This effectively means that the only people that would join are people who would be paid to do so, but then that introduces the question of whether it isn't simply cheaper and more efficient for power companies to just deploy larger scale batteries that they control, rather than pay random people to put them in their own - much more uncontrolled - homes. Even if the products are for different types of customers all of them will still need to click the right one. Google does the same. Search for Warsaw while in Poland, yet use english search words. Most results will come up for things in Warsaw, Indiana. Including pages which google has tagged with "Warsaw, Indiana" so they clearly know that's where the results are coming from. Every developed country which supports itself by selling bonds to pay for its expenses is effectively putting its economy "on the stock (bond) market" I've had this idea in the bucket of "crazy things I'll never do" which is similar to this, half art-piece, half serious: - Users sign up to an ad network and they insert all information about themselves, the more, the better. - They are periodically prompted to add or update their data (like facebook asking you if you're still living in the same city). - An adblock-like browser extension, replaces all ads they see with the own network's ads, which are highly targeted, and hence get much more money than regular ads for the ad network. - The ad network is setup as a non-profit foundation which pipes all the revenue into donations to institutions doing work related to privacy initiatives (EFF and similar). - Users are shown how much money their willingful lack of privacy has generated for privacy initiatives. It's a play on using the argument of "I have nothing to hide" in order to advance actual privacy legislation and protections. If someone builds this, I'd sign up and use it. All crashes are recent, the stock market isn't that old. That's not a negligible risk. It's analogous to thinking bonds have no risk because the issuing company guarantees it (forgetting it might well go bankrupt). Solar panel efficiency is inversely proportional to temperature, plus all that sand + wind is going to be adding to maintenance costs. There's better places to put solar panels than in the desert. Go every day One accidentally breaks an egg. One doesn't "accidentally" kill innocent people because they "accidentally" launched a missile to an area where civilians are. Quintessential HN. This seems like an easy problem to solve for these companies. Unless you're worried about the dealers. I know it goes against the HN ethos to just bitch about paywalled articles being shared on the regular, and that upvotes sort it out, and that if they still go to the top is presumably because the core audience already subscribes to these publications. And still, I can't stop myself from wanting to flag all such articles on account of thinking about HN as an open and free site that should allow everyone to consume content equally, without having to resort to these schemes like internet archive, browser extensions and other workarounds. What ML/AI? This is fourier transforms and some nice UX. Well, if you take away all the mortality causes of the time you'll end up thinking things were pretty good back then, since people weren't dying in car crashes. Try riding a motorcycle and tell me your visor, jacket, and bike don't get full of bugs on any out-of-the-city trips. You don't own the term open source mate. So by me saying that the term might be interpreted differently by different people - since it can't be owned by anyone now that it's in wide use (and hence implying there's different opinions out there) you assume that I fail to see there's a multitude of different opinions on the matter? That's exactly the point I was making. If you ran a company wouldn't you enjoy to work with people you personally liked? > This implies we have a copy of all code. When a segfault raises an alert, we immediately look at the code that caused it Pretty sure if you run k8s or VMs your company's IP isn't exposed to random engineers at the provider. Most of the times they are correct but not sufficient, but I've used it enough times that I don't mind the suggestions being there 100% of the time. I do write tend to write terse emails though. The newest "press tab to auto-complete word/sentence" while I'm typing though, that's incredible and I've used it in every email since I got the feature. A real time saver - and sometimes makes me sound more eloquent too! Not as dramatic and much simpler to fix, yet still broken: Search for one-time things (say a new phone) on amazon. Purchase said things. Continue getting ads for new phones for weeks. Surely they must realize that after you purchase a phone re-targetting will only be effective at least a year+ later. > because what rational investor wants to buy into a static pile of money I'll happily pay you however much you let me buy of a static pile of money for under the dollar amount of the pile, as long as the difference covers transfer fees. I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be the only one either. This to say that when you state "that's not how it works", that's your analysis of the market, and you're free to rationalize how you think the market arrived at a current valuation, but other people will rationalize it differently. That's the whole reason why different investment strategies exist. Having suffered multiple concussions, what's wrong with that phrasing? Is everything offensive nowadays? To expand on pmalynin's excellent answer with an example: Imagine you think Apple is better than any other technology company and you want to bet it will outperform other technology companies. If you simply buy Apple stock, you might lose money even if it outperforms all other tech companies, in the case that the whole market is going down. Because of the above, you need to devise a strategy that will earn you money on the difference between Apple stock and the overall tech sector stocks. Those strategies usually involve combinations of stock and derivatives and you can optimize your returns vs exposure with simple models. This is absolute crap. We've been growing a bit under the european average which we've always done, other than during the crisis, at which time we greatly fell behind. We haven't recovered any ground to the rest of the european zone. Ireland for example has pretty much recovered and in the last 4 year grew 50% more than Portugal. There's a name for a rule that escapes me right now, on when the news writes about a subject you know about, that's when you realize all news reporting is utter crap. This was that moment for me. What about when people get comfortable and stop performing at initial levels. Or if you realize you have too much middle management? What is the damage? What does it matter which fruits are bought first at the supermarket? Rich or not they'll still make traffic worse and I'll have to wait in line longer at shops. Also disagree with 1. Wearing badges seems like something out of kindergarten. If you want to know someone's name, just ask, like in every other situation in life. Before you just pick up and leave, it's sensible to at least say "hey, I don't want to work in military projects, I'll leave if you force me too" which I think is what some at Microsoft did. Microsoft is free to do whatever they want, and so are their employees. The people who have kids are also the ones causing the most harm to the environment. The single most effective way to diminish your impact on the environment is to not reproduce. The fact that there was a lot of work and pressure to do well makes me look back fondly at my university years. Going through something hard and coming out the other end is rewarding and much more fulfilling than if it had been a breeze. Can the ISP detect if you're using it as an AP? Used them for paging/escalation systems (VictorOps, Pagerduty). Agree with all you wrote though, these are very niche use cases. I like relevant ads, click them, and usually get really happy when I find cool stuff with them. I've bought at least a handful of things off of instagram ads that were relevant to my interests. I also discovered a dog carrier backpack I now use to cycle with my dog to the beach every weekend from a Facebook ad that I got while browsing a dog owner Facebook group. I'm just leaving enough data to support my assertion because I'm tired of this meme that "nobody looks at ads" or "all ads are bad". I also deliberately do not use any ad blocking even though I know they exist and would save me bandwidth because I do get value from personalized ads. Low orbit is less of a vacuum Just a single sortie is very expensive in just maintenance + supply. You need a whole crew to prepare a plane. Not to speak of the whole infrastructure required to train pilots, having places to fly from, teachers to learn from. It all adds up to a huge number, that when you divide by the number of pilots trained, doesn't get reduced by a lot. If society decided newspapers don't matter, why should a billionaire prop them up? Not only that, but do you really want all of the news organizations to be owned by billionaires? Loads of studies could be ethically performed with humans but it's more expensive to get test subjects. With mice you get a bunch of them and control what they do throughout their whole day without having to pay them anything. The current title "Gitlab.com Was Compromised" doesn't seem accurate. There's someone (or a group) currently attacking online repositories (gitlab is not the only affected provider) using passwords found in scans for files like .gitconfig's and the like. Unless new information comes to light about gitlab specifically being compromised, I'd say this is more about individual private repos being on the sights of a targetted attack. You have time to decide if the community might like it but not if yourselves do? Bit weird. Let me just make a distinction that if you are a support paying customer, you get very fast and somewhat (depends who you get) helpful support, including real time webchat or through the phone. It's arguable this should be included at all levels but I guess AWS wants to keep their support top notch for the larger pocket users. Cut some pieces of wood and test out smaller scale models That's their argument, that the barriers to entry are too high. Obviously people who've successfully navigated those barriers will be inteligent and capable, but perhaps we could lower the average skill and knowledge level of doctors by 10% but reduce costs by 50% (by having more people into the profession) and therefore being able to provide appropriate care to more people and detect conditions earlier. This could make for a net-positive result in terms of overall health in society. Similarly, if you use technology to supplement a human doctor, you should likely be able to train doctors less and achieve similar outcomes. I can download a cache of a map on my phone from Google maps but a powerplant needs a constant internet connection for them? Why is it so important for the universe for life to exist and what makes it our job to guarantee it does? 2-3 years after you read it on Hackernews is a good rule of thumb. Perhaps out of place but why are you consistently calling Woz "they"? I'm not a native speaker and it sounds very weird. Just wipe your hands on your pants after shaking them in the air for a bit. From the point of view of someone who's used Aurora Postgres since it came out, though you sometimes are exposed to bugs, AWS support has always been great and we never faced anything super serious. It's been almost a year since we had any problems though. This on a somewhat large aurora instance at around 5TB, so it's already representative for a lot of people. That is the same argument Poland throws at Germany to justify the huge amounts of coal it uses and has little plans to reduce. At some point one has to ask at what cost the growth is justifiable and if dumping the same efforts into renewable technology isn't going to pay more dividends in the future when the world has moved on On the other hand, it is also overkill to learn how to program and deal with an ESP32 if you already know some light linux sysadmining and some high level programming language to set this up. It's not always worth it. If you have to spend 1 hour to set it up initially, sign the paperwork and then an extra 15mins per month paying it, it might already be very much not worth it. You have drivers licenses and bank cards and passports already. Having a national ID just makes a bunch of stuff easier and identity theft harder. The fund is not distributing to citizens like that. That's just an argument for lowering taxes. If you don't require voter ID in the US, how do you prevent duplicate votes? Lyft only operates in the US, so that seems like it's not true at least for one of the two. Shareholders are the public, it's a public company. That is true, but I think the point stands. As (mostly) programmers we're quick to understand and make use of practical rules like Ahmdal's law[1] for optimizing software, and know that you always start by looking at the parts that take the longest. Yet in real life we're sometimes tempted to optimize at the fringes first and ignore the obvious biggest contributing factors first. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amdahl%27s_law#Serial_programs If one is 3% and the other 80%, any effort put on the 3% is only useful to distract from the 80%. It's wasted time. So ideally you don't do both, you focus on the things that matter. Get a dog, it can change your life. Water is only an energy problem. The world has more water than we'd never know what to do with, the issue is taking the salt out of it. But that is "merely" an energy issue due to cost, as soon as we have cheap solar, the problem is solved, and in the meantime, we pay more, but we won't all die of thirst on big blue. ISPs assign IPs depending on usage abd generally do not have a 1-1 userbase / IP pool. The point is whatever you want, for some people that means the process is more enjoyable than the end result. EIPs are free when attached. And public addressable instances in AWS do not need an attached EIP, that's only if you want the public IP to be static and to be able to replace the instance without updating DNS records. So both are free compared to GCP's paid. If it gets upped by the community (presumably because it's interesting) what do the intentions matter? All the people who would get paid, since the only people doing extra work to create the AI written-version of the audio are Audible software engineers, and they aren't getting paid any extra when you enable the feature. I've been using Google's Arts and Culture "New Tab" extension for years, showing me paintings I'd never look at otherwise. It's pretty nice, and sometimes you discover interesting artists. https://artsandculture.google.com/ So anyone would be able to know if you have 2 gold bars on your backyard? DOT certification is the biggest joke in safety there is. To start, companies self-certify. To continue, watch this: https://youtu.be/0BUyp3HX8cY I use JIRA cloud every day and have for almost 4 years and it's never been slow. Is your company using JIRA cloud or hosting your own? Load it all into Elasticsearch and just do an API call. If you assume your corpus fits in the same instance (since you mention offline), you can run a single node elasticsearch on the same instance as well. Add a little creative accounting and you got Enron on your hands. Technical analysis works the same way the weekly paper works to say that Virgo or Capricorn will have a good week at work. Why is it abhorrent to not have your own kids? There's plenty of them already that need families if you want to scratch that itch. Plus you can solve climate change AND road traffic! I'm also very unaware of actual papers coming out of the field but it does seem like it'll serve similar purposes to FPGA type work, where if you need to optimize a certain workload and you have the budget, you'll probably offload some code paths to a quantum computer / expansion-card. I do get the feeling that the "regular developer" won't have to deal with it or think about it any time soon. HBase has got to have been the biggest source of job insatisfaction I've ever had. There are advantages to using minikube for local development if you are interested in replicating and testing the whole flow. I think these are most important for small teams of 1-5 people where everyone needs to understand the whole infrastructure stack and regularly performs changes down to the kubernetes resources. That said, I've found that for bigger teams where you have a few people concerned with keeping k8s stable, and most people developing the actual application logic, docker-compose is still the most no-frills-easy-to-understand option for local development. Other than spreading it around multiple banks, the natural outcome of this will be increased investment, most likely in real estate at one end of the spectrum and on the other things like money market funds, treasury bonds, and to a lesser extent index tracker style ETFs. If the trend spreads across other countries, and if you believe this is a trend that is hard to revert (falling interest rates), I'd say we're in for a few more years of the stock market climbing with bigger and bigger valuations at crazier revenue multiples. Even though lately it seems like everyone is predicting that a crash is right around the corner, I don't think it's likely without a big external event happening to disturb this trend. Either some cyber / regular war or some other event nobody is forseeing. The 2008 big short dude recently predicted that the inflows of money into ETFs by a lot of very passive investors is gonna create a situation where big valuations are based on nothing other than people not having any other place to put their savings, but I think like in 2008, his prediction is very early again. We'll see, interesting times ahead. > To be honest I hadn't thought at all about the pricing beforehand. I just figured "Pay for what you use" sounded like it would be cheaper than paying for instances that are on 24/7. Deciding to do a whole infrastructure change to save money without even stopping 5mins to do a quick math on the expected savings seems like a recipe for disaster. Just switching from m1.small to t2.small would bring their costs down to $55 from $96 for the compute. Just make sure to create a monitor in case you use up all your burst capacity. Other than that a quick reservation would bring that down even further, and all of this with zero re-architecting. Serverless is super cheap if your workload is not serving requests constantly. It's like renting a car 365 days out of the year instead of purchasing, it only makes sense if you only need it sporadically. I mean, that it will result in lost orders is almost a fact due to the sheer number of transactions. At scale, all possible events will happpen. So with that in mind the author of the post said he thinks a conservative number is 0.5%. Maybe you think that's lower. The author posited that option and asked how low do you think it can go to make it worth it to fix the form? Or to put it another way. Estimate how many programmer-hours it takes to fix this issue. With that number calculate the % of people that are likely to abandon the order. Is that % likely to be happening? One possible ramification is that the so called "window" is about to close and as such, most companies will have a bit of a higher bar to IPO. "Good" companies might raise money at worse terms than otherwise. Backpressure could mean a harder environment to raise capital all the way back to early rounds. Or this is just a one time shitty governance company and things will keep going. You know, past results yada yada. I also work for a remote company, and my salary is not tied to location. I've lived in 3 countries since working for the company, and for me it makes sense that my salary doesn't change, I get what I get based on my experience and performance, not the place I happen to live at the moment. Hotjar. SRE Team Lead. Ranges are defined by the company based on the overall job market in large European cities. Not VC backed. If that's per adult they're below the limit. It could be TechCrunch but investors would have to have known in advance that's where the numbers will be published. This sounds like an immature attitude to take towards the people that work with you and just makes you sound like the stereotypical basement sysadmin that needs to control everything and knows better than everyone else. Preview could appear above, pushing the conversation slightly up 1. Make a new post quoting the old post with whatever new findings you have. 2. On the old post, add links to the newer posts with a short note like "27/11/2019: I've since found a better way of doing this, check it out" Or you can work with what exists and make a beneficial improvement to the world The beneficiaries of these buybacks are the general public, these are public companies. They are your pension funds, your rainy day funds, they are government healthcare programs, Norway's Oil fund... They are everyone. The reason they aren't paying taxes on buybacks is because they haven't actually made any money until someone sells stock. I flag all articles that are paywalled, maybe you should too. There's a clip of Elon driving one in public roads and the truck is so large that while performing a left turn it bumps over a cone in the center lane. It's really a massive car, just crazy to picture it in a regular road in most European cities. The video: https://mobile.twitter.com/langejanne/status/120377531270789... It also reduces road traffic and all manner of queues. You should compare yourself to your own potential in the industry you're in, otherwise you're just capping your pay for no reason. Just share it as a torrent to all movie theatres? They'll all seed each other. What the chain of comments you're replying to is arguing is that art is more than just something that follows some (your) definition of beauty. What mental gymnastics do you have to do to justify putting all of the people that are coming back to society at an already huge disadvantage under crippling debt as a way to help reduce recidivism? Everyone spends their whole lives trying to answer that. I think the sooner the team is aware about issues the better. In the same vein as this, and shown to me by a dear colleague: http://thecodelesscode.com/contents Their products look like a regular 2 person for-profit product dev shop and they even mention the app pays for their rent. Weird definition of not-for-profit. Even with an abstraction layer like kubernetes you still have a lot of duplicate work if you're multi-cloud. Services need to be exposed with load balancers, and those will have different configurations to be setup. Same with any Volumes. And then you have platform updates on both sides, bugs, quirks. plus the maintenance and upkeep of two clouds - two bills to inspect, two account managers to deal with, two sets of permissions and overall account configuration to setup, maintain and audit. Multi-cloud is really a set of requirements that changes the whole game in terms of operational overhead. And we limited our example to kubernetes. I imagine any non-fictional-for-the-sake-of-example company would want to make use of other platform specific tools as you mention. Previous viruses came from pigs and chicken and cows. Unless you also advise to stop eating those this just seems a bit of a stretch. I'd assume the effort is similar between bats and snakes being sold in an open air market in a Chinese village and chicken, pigs and cows being sold in an open air market in a Chinese village. The fact that nuclear projects require this sort of huge, long term projects, instead of a quick buildout as compared to solar, does indeed mean that all of that has to do with nuclear power. Definitely didn't expect to find this way of thinking on HN. Putting people into buckets of what they're good or bad at because of what their ancestors did. You're just perpetuating the numerous issues the caste system has, spewing this shit. You can type "cache:" before any URLs in the browser, works in Firefox and Chrome. You can get pretty comfortable (rich for most people's definition) just being average and capturing a small part of a market. I guess one could stretch the definition of "ownership of means of production" but I'm not sure that's what you meant by it. Specially in the internet age the bar is much lower to be able to participate in the market like this. Not taking sides but what you described were the natural developments of "making advertisement more efficient", people found that by showing targeted ads they'd have to show less of them to get the same amount of new customers, therefore making advertisement cheaper and more efficient. If this is a net positive or negative for society is something I'll stay out of. Some less usual things people do that I think are very high value but boring (hence why they're not usually done): - Understanding taxes, the importance of savings and baseline personal finance literacy. - Reading the political programs of a few parties running for elections in you country - Reading a few yearly report / financial statements for a public company, an NGO/non-profit/state agency/local government and trying to understand them - Reading a few top research papers in a field you're interested in and work through them The other way to look at it is that if you truly believe your strength is your product (the software you write), you might as well not risk in other areas where you could either make a right or a wrong decision, and just standardize on every other process so you're on a level playing field. This way you lose the chance of innovating on how to do payroll more efficiently, but you focus your innovation efforts on your product (your software). I'm not going to express my opinion on unions because to be honest I don't know where I stand, but it's certainly interesting that the most talked about tech companies seem to be investing heavily in diversity and we hear from boards getting behind the idea that bringing different ideas to the table is positive, but when the new diverse crowd chooses to unionize this is taken as a bad surprise. Insert a surprised pikachu picture here, I guess. So you start by saying automatic systems won't see their trades and finish by saying automatic trading systems are in fact seeing their trades and playing against them? I live in the Netherlands (Amsterdam region), I'm not Dutch so my network here isn't very large to help you with a job, but worst case I could buy you a coffee and have a chat with a fellow dev. Let me know, my email is vasco g pinho with no spaces at gmail.com. Hotjar does this (collect user feedback in the page) and more and has a free plan. I work there so I'm biased, but yeah. A bunch of paragraphs to type out KISS. It depends on the child's ability. Plenty of kids were swimming by themselves in the ocean at 8 or younger because they had a lot of experience or even doing competive swimming from younger ages. Most parents when I was a kid would set rules as too how far into the sea you could swim and that'd be it. I think this is common throughout the world in places close to beaches as I was. So you decide to eat egress costs in perpetuity, which will scale as you go, but a one time increase of $70 per month is enough to make you go back? What are you even trying to optimize for? Usually Enterprise comes with other benefits that, for large enough bills, offsets the extra cost support cost. All of AWS's VPC features are free. You get Security Groups, Subnets, Route Tables, all kinds of shenanigans in a very stable way, with basically no incidents that I can remember. Except those are not free, they're just charged for separately under "egress transfer costs". End of the day, the engineers in the networking teams at AWS still have to get paid and that service probably also needs to run at a profit. When seen under this light, the costs make more sense to me than the usual simple view of "but bandwidth transfer costs are cheaper everywhere else!!!" Significant risk. Stay home and wash your hands regularly. Well yeah if your comparison is that the person's morals allow them to just turn around and sell it in the black market, maybe they could've paid more. But the reality of HackerOne is that most people are really just doing it as a hobby or side project that happens to generate cash. Some people build 10 different static website generators, others do bug bounties. It doesn't mean they'd go on to sell these exploits and risk going to jail. Working remotely for almost 4 years here. Whenever I join a call with co-workers to "hang out" there's no work being done. If someone is there I will speak to them or I'll want to hear what they're saying. And if we're just quiet, my work just becomes the same as if I weren't on the call except I can't have Spotify on. I think there could be a demographic for this tool, but I'd wager not a lot of work will be done while connected to it. Sanctions for online services are one of the worst things about working in this industry. Being forced to implement and maintain technical solutions to block access to every day citizens of certain regions because some guys in suits decided these are second tier humans is demoralizing as hell. How are people supposed to rise up and depose or vote for less tyranical governments if they cannot access information, or use services that'll boost their businesses in the global market? Having had to implement things like this myself in the past, I just feel like puking when I do it. And don't think about just ignoring these, as soon as you get bigger than tiny, your bank will threaten to freeze all your accounts and stop doing business with you if for some reason you let some Crimean or Iranian get onto your service and pay you for it. What exactly is the plan? Are we expecting that individuals who disagree with their regimes would leave their country and their families? It just feels like cold blooded retribution with no care for the regular every day population. I know this is not research, but two friends of mine that are reporting symptoms of covid19 and report anosmia are also reporting ageusia (loss of taste), not sure if this has been or will be confirmed by research though. It's been around 4 days since they started complaining about this already. I'm 28, fit, physically active (bouldering / running / gym), no pre-conditions whatsoever, take vitamin D supplementation, I don't take any medication. I'm going through a nasty pneumonia that hurts my lungs just breathing and I've never had something like this before. I get tired just walking around, whereas 2 weeks ago I did a 40 minute 10k. Take that anecdata as you will, but if you can protect yourself, do. So when you say it's just a "bad cold", I chuckle a bit. What's going to happen to the millions of overweight, high blood pressure / diabetic Americans? Sure don't panic, but be safe. I cannot get tested. I live in the Netherlands and unless your case is serious enough that you either have very high fever or a great difficulty breathing, the official instructions are to not even call the health line, much less go to a hospital. I have friends in Portugal, Spain and Italy that have similar symptoms to mine and are home and doing the same because those are the official guidelines. I agree with these guidelines, the phone lines and hospitals should be open for people who are at risk of dying. But that means that the numbers you're looking at are barely the tip of the iceberg for a lot of these european countries. I would suspect if the general population was told to do this we'd have more disruptions due to house fires than from the increased risk of unboxing packages outside of the door, discarding them and then washing your hands and clothes. This seems akin to being against wind power generation because it "ruins" the view. Most space "views" are already ruined by light pollution, surely you don't propose we eliminate cities as well? This book and "Critical Chain" by the same author are incredible. If you do or interact with any sort of release engineering it's great knowledge to have. We didn't sign it. Seems like it requires a datomic pro subscription to run it. Interesting they opted for a paid datastore as a backend to this, so you get the cons of having to subscribe to this but then also run redis and the UI yourself. Could be interesting to see a data store you could run yourself to back this up in the roadmap but seems they're focussing on the UI/UX. Since the UI/UX is the biggest innovation here, I somewhat understand the decision but I'm sure it'll limit adoption by the majority of people that want to host their own chat platform. Use this https://github.com/HackerNews/API Might be cheaper for you to open a EUR account somewhere with low fees and do 2x transferwise than paying $35 per transfer Why don't you say the same about CPU or RAM? In the end it's just resources that are abstracted away to the user, used with the purpose of performing tasks in the most efficient way possible. You being entertained on the train by judging people on their phones sounds hardly more valuable as a hobby than them being entertained by judging people in instagram stories. You're talking about the senior executive team, which may overlap with the board but it's not 1-1. At AWS you got an 80% discount on transfer? My eyebrows rose to the roof, I'm not convinced this is true. Which specific cloud provider were you dealing with? Without going into more details due to NDAs, the few things I've looked at were nowhere near that, specially for transfer. Clock speed is clock speed, you're thinking about operations per cycle. When people ask why the stock market isn't in the dumps when it feels like the whole economy is stopped, this is why. Small business isn't on the S&P, and out of the businesses in it, a large percentage of the market value is concentrated on the tech giants who aren't getting nearly as affected by the current crisis as everyone else. If they don't actually benefit from it. Still super impressive results. This is a very US centric view of the world - whose gotten itself into a corner with urban planning centered around cars. People don't need cars, they need mobility and the ability to get around their surroundings efficiently. If we're making up solutions to the world, by all means raise salaries if you can, but I wouldn't center our goals around car ownership. Walk around, ride a bycicle, use public transportation. Rabies is officially erradicated in Portugal since the 1960's. I've searched for official data at: https://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/publications-data?s=rabies Most cases (we're talking 0-3 in a given year) in Europe seem to be imported from tourists or immigrants returning after being bit by a wild animal. This was the case in 2011 in Portugal after a dog bite in Guinea-Bissau (article in portuguese): https://www.publico.pt/2012/03/31/jornal/portugal-registou-c... So looking at the data, it seems the little bats have been harmless for at least 60 years. If I were a CEO of a technical company and my company did a major change, say switching release strategies or adopted microservices vs monolith, these type of global metrics could indicate the benefits, or a problem. I agree that drilling down on individual people or trying to optimise blindly is the wrong move, but I think you're taking too much of a negative view on this. Shitty people will use more powerful tools for their shitty purposes, but that doesn't mean we should keep our tooling crappy. This friction as you call it, is happening again during the current crisis, again between southern european countries and mostly Netherlands and Germany, specifically on the topic of coronabonds which has been widely debated and made lots of headlines. The way the euro works the main direct benefits go to the largest exporting economies, with the weaker ones pretty much losing out. Then the idea is that this is offset by the stronger economies helping the weaker ones in the form of EU grants but there's always a big push back as these direct funds are seen as handouts while the benefits of the common currency are dismissed. This pressure is seen clearly in demands for harsher and harsher austerity. It doesn't help that some officials from northern economies keep showing how they really feel about the situation, going as far as providing quotes like southern countries "spending all their money on women and wine" and the whole PIIGs designation. It's a tough thing to try and rationalise for someone who largely believes in the EU project but who is originally from one of these southern countries and has felt the direct effects of the whole post-2008 period. After what AWS did with Elasticsearch, I think a lot more projects are going to start being released like this. In a world where tech behemoths can choose to throw a hundred engineers at an open source project and replicate all the features an independent developer (or group of developers) can provide "on top" to make a living, it becomes very hard to sustain yourself. Not strictly open-source, but I see it as a defense mechanism in order to survive. In Europe at least they've rolled this back from the only 2 countries they tested it in (UK and France). You can still do donations to organizations in most countries, but no p2p money transfers. What's the right amount of money to get to kill people in the name of who knows what? Celery can be backed by RabbitMQ, not sure if that's what you meant, but all of what you described can be abstracted away. I didn't have the same experiences with months taken to get up to speed. Moreover, at work RabbitMQ is probably our most stable underlying tool, perhaps toe to toe with Redis. And that's saying a lot, since I consider Redis to almost be a piece of art in how great of a tool it is. Back to RabbitMQ though, we run a HA 2 node deployment (just one active writer) and have been for over 3 years, requiring minimal changes or any kind of maintenance whatsoever, has scaled to hundred plus queues, going from some with super high numbers of messages per second, some with only tens of messages per day. Some queues stay low and process fast, others are heavy jobs that get enqueued all at once and generate hundreds of thousands of jobs. Sure, if you have a service that interacts with disks you should have automated a monitor that cover your IOPS consumption, but I don't see how that's specific to RabbitMQ, you should be doing this for all your instances. All in all, these are two identic instances, one active, one failover, and in a world of Kafkas and Pulsars and understanding the ins and outs of SQS pricing and capacity allocation, RabbitMQ is a tool that I consider simple to administer and allows me to sleep at night. Interesting how the same tool can evoke such different reactions, but whatever works - works. PHP which tried to address unicode in version 6, but then abandoned it and went straight to 7. Perl, which amusingly also at version 6 decided on a huge re-write, but then just decided to rename the version as an actual new language "Raku". If you don't know much about Enron's history and ultimate demise I recommend giving "A conspiracy of fools"[0] a read. It's a long one but there's also an excellent audiobook available. It's very detailed, based on countless interviews and very well fact checked. If it wasn't a true story, it'd be pretty unbelievable fiction, the things management got away with. Also a cautionary tale of tying your financial stability to your employer more than strictly necessary (your salary). Most employees kept all their retirement savings as Enron stock and got burned badly. If memory doesn't fail me, the book also mentions Skilling starting to come up with plans for his follow-up venture whenever he got out of prison, shortly after being arrested - which I guess has now been published. [0] https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29519.Conspiracy_of_Fool... Did your machines always have parental controls for you and did you ever read or look at things your parents wouldn't approve on the internet or in real life growing up? That "link" doesn't respect the GET semantics then. I like flow as much as anyone but find the thought of working multiple days without speaking to my team to be crazy, I'd feel like none of us would be able to move as fast alone as we do together, and half the time would end up following rabbitholes, or spending too much time on the wrong things because we'd never check in for an opinion. The only way I'd see a full or more days of work without communicating working well is if we'd work on larger amounts of releasable code at once, but then there's more chances of conflicts, reviews get longer and harder to do and there's more risk releasing. I think having a team with 1 rotating person responsible to handle all external requests per week, and everyone else being focused on their work but still being able to pair when needed, ask questions provide guidance, etc to be really cool. All of this remote, of course. We usually sync out of hours on-call with the "handle requests from outside the team" so that while you're at work you're the same person, everyone in the company knows to go to a specific slack room for these requests to our team, or they can straight up create a "change request" ticket in our jira board if the request can be done few hours/days later. Usually there's nothing (in almost 4 years I think less than 5) that goes across weeks that's still in progress. We have a very low volume of actual incidents, and external requests that are sizeable enough get turned into actual prioritised stories by the next planning. > Sniping helps to eliminate competitive bids. It also prevents other bidders from discovering your proxy (maximum) bid because your bid is kept completely private until the very end of the auction. It keeps your interest in an item private From: https://www.ezsniper.com/faqs.php3 And you'd think there'd be some automated pipeline that would deploy and reload nginx configs. That would be usable by all environments, from lab to prod, and would go through code review. A UI anyone can just go in and switch stuff for prod seems like a weird solution to the use case. Nonetheless they had a problem, they fixed it and they shared the solution when they could've just kept it. Ah yes, the old "let's block stupid (poor) people from accessing financial instruments for their own good" argument while at the same time having legal gambling. They went about it differently but already made it, it's called Spotify. Look at an up to date org chart of a tech company of 1.3k people and what they do: https://about.gitlab.com/company/team/org-chart/ If you now think that all business divisions have more work to perform due to scale, and that for development, you want to have more parallel streams of work, this should give you an approximate idea of what an order of magnitude larger company uses 10k people for. > now need to plan to add mitigation in scenarios where Workers blacks-out our traffic (but Support can't be of immediate help because "free customer"). How is it that you prefer to engineer those workarounds instead of just paying $20/month? It surely can't be worth in engineering hours and ongoing maintenance of hacky workaround code? It's common for mods to game the system and resubmit stories they believe are good. You can use the exact same argument for carrying a small magnet in your pocket. The satire might be going over my head though. It's just a way to have free vetting. If you have a bunch of cash to deliver to startups in order to reap the rewards of lock-in a few years down the line, which do you do? 1) Ask for applications and pay people to mass review applications to pick which startups are more likely to succeed 2) Have 1) be done by proxy for you for free, by only giving it out to startups who a professional "startup success predictor person" has already invested in They've chosen to go with 2. We use discourse for this. Any type of forum-like product is very effective as a complement to email and instant messages for the reasons you describe. For effective remote I think it's indispensable to have: Instant messaging, email, forum, wiki. Looks like p2 might also serve as a sort of "company directory" thing, which we also use another product for, but I don't get much as value out of that. Here's my usual playbook for onboarding engineers: Start by giving the person a high level overview of your systems and them let them go setup "company things" for the rest of the day. This gives the brain a rest from the technical stuff with menial work. The next day, and throughout the first week, give them deeper dives into individual systems. Every time you do this start from the overview again, so they're reminded. Always keep it a conversation, go back to different parts when the engineer asks questions that show they haven't understood something you've gone over before. This is normal as you're unloading a lot of knowledge you've built over time. Make sure you keep focused on the mission of sharing knowledge and do not let yourself get lost into too many side chats about how your pet peeves are never prioritised to be fixed and how you hate technical debt - this is not the time. Once they've setup their company emails and whatever your HR demands, start by giving them a simple task and leave them on their own with the expectation that they will reach out once blocked. Check if they're blocked yourself multiple times during the day. A new dev might be reluctant to reach out for fear of being perceived as too junior. Let them know this is not a concern, the concern is to ramp them up as soon as possible and questions are the best way to do it. Remember to ask them about the pace, how they're feeling, what they're struggling with or if they're eager for more. Some people will prefer a few more days reading docs, others prefer to jump in to the work straight away. I've seen both approaches work and try to adjust myself to the way the person likes to work best. Increasingly give them more complex tasks, have them pair with other engineers. Remember that not only you're onboarding them on the systems, you're onboarding them to the people. Make sure their work is throughly reviewed, take your time to explain why things are done in certain ways, take all oportunities to give further back context. As time goes on, apply a similar playbook to give them extra duties, complex issues to solve, more permissions, etc. PS: Grove's book is great, definitely recommend it The equivalent would be to copy an existing map, not to create a map based on your observations of the world. They're literally different apps with different names, user bases that don't interact with each other. Lambda is fully managed, you can't use SSM to SSH into the underlying hardware because it's not exposed to you. "Today we are launching the io2 volume type, with two important benefits, at the same price as the existing io1 volumes" This probably assumes customers as the DoD as one single entity, when in fact they probably have dozens of individual contracts from different sub departments and with different timelines. Which makes it very different from the typical SaaS where the top costumer can just unsubscribe. That's what you get with adversarial optimisation like this. If we actually knew what worked for the algorithm, the algorithm wouldn't work as people would immediately game those published vectors of optimisation. I work at Hotjar and love it that you're getting value out of the product! We do try to not record bots that advertise known user agents, like Google, Bing and other common ones. Reasoning being that recording non-humans will usually not tell you much about how your UX is optimized for humans. It's really interesting that somehow the fact that we recorded these less known user agent bots actually made the product more useful for you and you were able to detect fraud going on. Don't all those things come in packaging already? Aren't you just switching one package for another? What's the difference in keeping pasta in the plastic wrapping it comes in? He did not start with everything. Or you just look at cool pictures every once in a while. You mention realistic forgeries, AI and huge volume as a possibility and that the outcome would be that people would be pushed into the real world but I'm not sure I see the connection. If I can interact with bots that emulate humans with such a degree of realism, what do I care? You could be a bot, the whole of HN can be bots, I don't really care who wrote the text if I can get something from it, I mean I don't have any idea who you are and don't even read usernames when reading posts here on HN. At its core this seems like a moderation issue, if someone writes bots that just post low quality nonsense, ban them, but if bots are just wrong or not super eloquent, I can point you to reddit and twitter right now and you can see a lot of those low quality nonsense, all posted by actual humans. In fact you can go outside and speak to real people and most of it is nonsense (me included). Where do you think the oil was in the first place? You're obviously mocking this whole thing but the fact is that if you can get away with it, you can use that valuation to acquire actual smaller companies and talent and if you're running an online business and acquire a lot of customers (even if selling $100 bills for $95) you'll have huge distribution that you can then sell whatever you come up with next. Or as they use to say, we lose money on each unit but we'll make it up in volume. Surely you have metrics? I agree with you on user feedback being valuable, but not to figure out what's slow. You should be getting that information accurately through metrics and know what to prioritise without having to speak to anyone. Reserve questions you can't get answers for otherwise for user interviews. > software engineers are not very socially adept and can't read people who are predatory There's no need to project this onto all software engineers, it works for a joke in big bang theory but even there they needed canned laughter. They don't go near the stock market in the way a sizeable % of most countries populations doesn't go near politics and doesn't vote, that doesn't mean it's an approach that puts society first - in general it's a selfish approach. Not knowing how markets work and how they affect your life, your retirement, taxes, is knowingly eschewing knowledge about a pretty important part of life. I don't know if it should be taught in school or if people should just be responsible adults and learn about it, but more people understanding the stock market would be the best way to have proper regulations and stopping it all being labeled as a boogeyman that the rich old white man uses to fuck everyone else over. I've given feedback to dozens of candidates over the last 3 years, only when the candidate has specifically asked for it. In all cases people appreciated that another human gave them an honest impression of the interview. Perhaps "quickly enough" is over 3 years. Regardless even when it does go poorly with one candidate, I've had 3 years of people I've at least been a normal person to, instead of acting like a drone who is constantly afraid of the proverbial lawsuits from candidates. Where do you propose people leave their kids at when both parents need to work?