I think the difference between your broken and his broken is that his are actual bugs & crashes and yours are actually more like personal preferences and interface differences. MS Office products are generally rock solid, while OpenOffice/LibreOffice have crashed on me too many times to count. Plus buggy functionality, etc. I might be wrong, some examples from both sides wouldn't hurt :) It's because in this day and age, I shouldn't be turning the lights off, ever. They should be turning themselves off. We humans are quite bad at rote work... Well, even among developers there's clustering. So not many developers are "most productive" using those DVCS. Probably because they have never heard of them or never used them, but it doesn't really matter right now. If your name is Git, you're number 1 in the DVCS space. If your name is Mercurial, you're a distant 2. If your name is neither of them, only a few people have ever heard of you. Sort of like this: http://xkcd.com/435/ And ideally, too, "the little man" should also have a gun, for a course of action against aggressive entities. I'm an European, I guess we just don't get it (the US legal system or the gun laws). Does it work with Cygwin? About Icefrog - I can't really say anything about his programming skills - I think he must be decent since he optimized the JASS scripts used by the Warcraft 3 engine and he also created tons of fun stuff using it. As a comparison, his predecessor, Guinsoo, had created a map with a 10 minute loading time (!). In Icefrog's reign I don't think any map had a loading time above 1-2 minutes on a decent computer. Anyway, getting back to the topic - I don't know about his strength as a programmer, but I think we could all learn from him as a community leader. Anonymous leader, rallied a lot of people around him (a few other coders, a lot of testers, a TON of contributors), gave Dota a rhythm, a release flow that made Dota huge. You'd play the game knowing that game crashing bugs would be fixed ASAP, that game play balance issues would be resolved, that the next version would make everything just BETTER. A ton of dedication and hard work didn't hurt either :) First thing that hit me when I visited the link was a huge newsletter overlay on top of the blog, with the blog grayed out in the background. I think that the blog author might be one of the people you mention (the "viral" kind) :) That's because they don't have nice, human readable COM (and WMI) wrappers. I don't think they had time to implement them - they kept adding more and more from v1 to v2 and v3. Every time you have Win32 spilling over in Powershell, it looks like crap (0xA). The personal license (aka a person owns it, not a company) is €179. From time to time they have huge discounts - they had a Black Friday discount of 75%. Recently there was a 50% discount. Just watch the news on reddit or here :) This is a good article about this problem: http://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-personal-names Except for the fact that it was last updated in 2008 :( I'm guessing he's a Digital Ocean employee :) If he's just the CEO then he's an employee :) For Jenkins - they took almost all the users. I doubt we'll hear much about Hudson in 5 years time, unless something major happens. I think only Oracle, Sonatype and a handful of other companies are using Hudson these days. All the companies I know have migrated to Jenkins. Aaaand the AppStore basically destroys Open Source since it doesn't allow distribution of GPL programs. If that's not FOSS hostile, I don't know what is... This is the initial, rough port to Blink. I'm quite sure that as development advances it will look a lot less like Chrome and a lot more like Opera. They should definitely move this from their homepage. Right now it's the default download = BAD IDEA. Considering the font antialiasing problems and all the missing features, the should probably make it the default download around 16 or maybe even 17. They're rushing it and it might hurt them badly. Reputation loss is hard to recover from :) > If you buy certain instances you get can a better connection to EBS, and then you can allegedly buy better I/O for $ You actually buy provisioned IO. The throughput can be actually smaller in some scenarios than for non-provisioned IO, provided you: don't have neighbors or they are not noisy. And boy, is that provisioned IO expensive (we've bought quite a bit of EBS volumes). > Gameplay-wise, DotA is very cutthroat in that a single hero can go rambo and 1v5 the other team if he gets out of control, while LoL generally allows you to come back if you play smartly with your team. The same thing happens in Dota, too (especially if you play smart). The game has very good comeback mechanics. If you're losing you'll be fighting closer to your base (so it takes less time to buy stuff and to go back and heal), you'll probably be around your towers (so you'll have additional firepower), you'll also have better vision and a position on higher ground (same as in real war - higher ground = better position to fight), you'll probably be underleveled and respawn faster if you die, so you can come back into the fights faster, if you kill the higher leveled enemy you get a LOT of gold and experience, etc. 1v5ing in Dota only happens in very low level games where most people don't know the game and their characters. Sadly, many players don't know it and think it's Quake or something :) Well, for me that's a fault. Why should the search have to begin with the starting letter of the site? Or why should that be favored? I'd rather point me to the most likely site containing that letter/group of letter. Oh well, it's probably personal preference :) I think they're written dozens of times that systemd can run sysvinit scripts. In your experience is that feature not good enough? After hearing both sides of the argument over and over again (for systemd and against systemd), my only regret is that Ubuntu is not replacing upstart with systemd, so that Loonix will have a uniform boot system. To all the systemd naysayers, please read the docs before commenting, 90% of the comments against systemd look like they've been written by someone who: a) hasn't used systemd b) hasn't read anything relevant about systemd Basically most comments come straight out of the blog post about systemd myths. That's really, really sad. ~400+ K in 2 hours. The start is definitely good, we'll have to see if they keep it up. If you're giving Youtube comments as a shining example of quality and stimulating comment, I guess something is totally wrong in this world. Even with the new rating system, the comments on Youtube are the best example of human stupidity. C:\users\myusername - so far so good. C:\users\myusername\work - good. C:\users\myusername\work\projectname1\ - still good. Now checkout here the root of your favorite SCM from a project with 30+ developers. There's a good chance that you'll run into problems. /rant Or wait, let's do it the Unix way! Isn't "etc" obviously "configuration"? And "bin" obviously "programs"? Yes, let's all use short, non-intelligible folder names like they used back in the days of teletypes when we have 24+" monitors. And let's add on top of that some inside jokes from Bell Labs or Berkeley while we're at it ("spawning daemons"). I don't get it: http://workable.com/ & http://workable.com/signup Have you not deployed it or just reverted? Then please say so anywhere on the first page OR the signup page. There's no "trial" or "expiring" mentioned anywhere I can see... Well, you have it easy. So do we, in Romania - phonetic language. You learn the alphabet in the first grade (6-7 years) and you learn how to write words during the 2nd and 3rd grade I think. But basically once you know the alphabet you can pronounce any word. Except for, you guessed it, neologisms, words imported from non-phonetical languages. Plus we have ce/ci/ge/gi/che/chi/ghe/ghi as the only exceptions, no doubled consonnants or actually any doubled other letter for no obvious reason, no long or short sounds. If I want a long "e" (we pronounce "e" - "eh"), I write it "ee" (duh!). Idea = idee. You can hear it, you can write it. You can read it, you can say it. EZ! What we actually learn during school is higher level grammar: syntax, semantics. I'd say that Romanian is like the Python of natural languages :) (same for other phonetic languages) Can you provide more stats? I'm curious for the full list of language stats - which ones are easy to guess, which ones are hard to guess. Well, a rant: * Why does each one of them use different parameters for the same stuff? WHATEVER_URL could be REGION (WHATEVER = EC2, ELB, ETC, ...). One uses a config file for ACCESS_KEY_ID, another one wants a environment variable. Plus they use different names for common stuff. * Why do are the command line arguments named inconsistently across these tools? --whatever, --what-ever * Why don't they fail on command error? Right now this only happens if there's a configuration problem - if you send a command and there's a problem (like S3 access denied), it still returns 0. * Why don't they provide synchronous commands? Right now I have to do the polling myself. Super annoying. Anyway, I've been using the ones included in Amazon Linux - I hope they were the latest version. If the new version fixes this problem, feel free to correct me :) Personal projects are one thing. But company projects involving more than 3 programmers? Forget it! He's right about these projects - you shouldn't rewrite them. First of all the experienced people will probably move on, secondly business pressures will never allow you to do things "just right". I can't tell you how many rewrites I've seen fail, compared to the handful of rewrites that actually achieve their goals. And this is a very risky proposition for a company. Does riding it as a bike recharge the battery? That would be great. This doesn't matter as much now and will matter less and less since most developed countries are moving towards renewable energy. For example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_in_Germany#Sustainable_e... And they are actually doing it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_in_Germany#Renewable_ene... The share of electricity produced from renewable energy in Germany has increased from 6.3 percent of the national total in 2000 to over 25 percent in the first half of 2012. Renewable energy share of gross electricity consumption rose from 10% in 2005 to 20% in 2011. That "wheel" remark was quite poignant, though :) Well, they were real civilizations, bu I doubt anyone would dare to equate their achievements and influence with the Ancient Greeks, Romans, Chinese or Egyptians. Especially for the Incas, it's hard for me to be impressed by their achievements around the year 1400 AD considering what the Egyptians already had achieved by the year 2000BC... French Revolution versus Red October, Mao's Cultural Revolution, gulags and concentration camps for every communist country. In 90% of these "elite trimmings" society is pushed back decades at least. Unruly mobs do not move the world forward. I think most of these development worries are more likely related to language independent deployment issues, mostly static assets processing: optimizing images, minifying Javascript, running CSS preprocessors, versioning everything to prevent caching, generating and copying configuration files, other necessary file/folder transformations for creating a running application. Sure the dependency worries are bothersome too, but I'm not sure they're the whole problem. So basically they are keeping "my" money to: a) use it in case of emegencies b) make more money (interest) Maybe a good business idea but still shady practice. Google's AdWords does the same. And then what happens is that people buy cars from neighboring countries and register them there. Happens here in Romania. A lot of people (overall a small percentage of all the cars on the road, true), register their cars in Bulgaria. Especially from Bucharest easy it's - just a 60km drive to the nearest Bulgarian town where the car can be registered/serviced. Now imagine tens of thousands of mostly quiet, non-polluting cars on a very crowded high way. It would be amazing for the environment. And for the neighboring residential areas ;) I have a Logitech trackball: http://www.logitech.com/assets/32954/3/logitech-wireless-tra... Granted, it doesn't reach console levels of use on most days, but I only clean it once every month or so, and even then it's easy - Logitech has a simple system to pop the ball out and cleaning it is very easy and fast. Using a trackball is definitely not a major chore. I don't know your pet peeves with Outlook, but I've used Outlook 2007 and 2010 for 5 years now. Outside of an annoying "I've changed my AD password 2 weeks ago and you keep asking me for it" bug, Outlook is pretty solid. And as one of the comments below said, try Lotus Notes for a while :o) To have something objectively better - 100% compatibility with Excel + major limitations and bugs fixed + cross platform - more like tens of billions of dollars. Excel is 28 years old and for its entire lifetime it has been one of the focal points of Microsoft development. It is also the center of one of the biggest cottage industries in the software world + servers as an SDK for probably hundreds of thousands of in-house developers. I think such an effort is just an order of magnitude smaller than replacing Windows on desktop systems. And that's saying a lot about Excel :) Now they don't. But they did in the 80s and 90s and guess what, Office won, because it was the best choice. And it's not like they didn't have commercial competitors who couldn't keep up with Microsoft bribes^Wlobbying :) Hetzner? Frankly, this is how command line interfaces should be created: https://github.com/docopt/docopt If only it would be ported to more languages... So because someone doesn't practice what he preaches, a good practice should be avoided? I don't seem to understand your logic. So, basically you should avoid doing something healthy to avoid being branded as something you don't like. And the effort to change the current situation is not worth it because of BS politics. Why would you care if strangers label you somehow? I'd only be worried if that could get me into trouble (police, getting mugged, etc.). I'm guessing doing stuff in London is pretty expensive too, so I doubt that reason is valid. I think he means these: http://caniuse.com/#search=input Firefox doesn't support advanced (and more user friendly) input types. Number, color, date/time. At least that's what I'm guessing. Ah, yes, Apple, that hip startup that undermined the RIM powerhouse :) Until you have to cope with the fact that you have: Powershell cmdlets with their own specific behavior - mostly standardized; COM components loaded from Win32 - major pain in the neck - you basically need a huge brain to really understand all those rules and quirks; AND old school external commands - where all hell breaks loose since on Windows they couldn't standardize even the freaking exit codes (!0 is bad, fools, as Mr. T would say :) ). Yes, Powershell is usable, but it's really hard to write secure, reliable, maintenable scripts with it... I'm really curious what the major hurdles to using Cygwin were, at least from an Unix user point of view. I've been using it for the past 6 years or so and I'm quite happy. These days I feel that the best bet on Windows is to install the 20 or so Windows specific programs that you probably use + Cygwin. http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/David_Ogilvy Slightly taken out of context, but still relevant: "The consumer is not a moron, she is your wife." Well, you do have some sort of deployment process, right? (as in, you're not attaching your scripts to emails) Just change it to zip foo.sh + foo.py. Then: cat foo.sh #!/bin/bash -e ./foo.py cat foo.py # Everything else has moved here. Much better. Not really, I'd rather do: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6688782 Most of the things you mentioned can be solved in ~15 minutes, surely not a lot of extra effort. And I'm not sure how a script that calls another script screws up monitoring. Plus, if someone cares about high level stuff like monitoring but is worried that people's tools might break if he changes script.sh to script.py later on, I think he needs to sort out the lower level stuff first. Like distribution and packaging :) Portability across OSes, especially for non-shell scripts? The population itself doesn't matter that much. According to this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poverty_in_China#Poverty_reduct... ~950 million live on less than 5$ per day. I doubt you can get a decent PC and a decent Internet connection on that kind of money. I'd bet that the US has more programmers than China right now, even though China has 4x the population. Be careful what you wish for because it might come true. A lot of people don't like the Open Web and are clamoring for something obfuscated. Longer term is lose-lose for everyone. Everyone can read the source code for the pages and applications. It's been a boon for the web, so far. Well, since I've been watching videos on Youtube I noticed something. Pre-aquisition Youtube comments were the most retarded and insensitive things one Earth. I can hardly think of another discussion forum on the Internet with such bad comments. Mostly hateful retarded immature ones. Then Google added upvotes - suddenly there was some sort of filter and the millions (literally) of pages of filth were hidden. Sometimes the top comment was even interesting or funny. Google becoming a waste land? Maybe. But that's only if you conveniently forget that Youtube was a radioactive sewer filled with all sort of mutated, barely functional animals and plants. I'd rather have silence than that. Youtube needed the open comments for the sale (comments drive views), but Google doesn't need sheer numbers, it needs quality. Higher quality comments, higher quality content, much higher possibility of monetizing. Google is moving in the right direction. They're funny until you see a gazillion pages of them. Quote from parent: "Stupid comments" Stupid comments = good stuff? :) But does anyone want to return to those days? It would help a lot if you could point out what you find wrong with those points in Go. That's a feature, not a bug. Yay! (Chrome) I have 40 tiny tabs and I don't know what any of them are! At least Firefox + tabs provides real tab management options: scroll bar, Tree Style Tabs, Panorama, etc. Yes they will. The premise is flawed. Socialism (US term) or social-democracy (Euro term) can work in a democratic society but communism is flawed from the start. Putting everything in one communal basket and expecting people to behave is a recipe for disaster. Don't make a system which works only when people do not make mistakes or are only driven by their purest feelings. It's because most communist parties in the Eastern Block were initially (or even always) called socialist parties. And many Eastern Block countries were named "socialist republics". Heck, U S S R. True, and so were all the socialist regimes I mentioned. But after tens of years of propaganda by the communists, the name tends to stick. After the fall of communism, it sticks in a bad way: socialism = communism. I think that the best people to ask are those that lived under "socialist" regimes (I'm one of them). If I ask almost anybody I know that lived under a socialist regime, they'll probably say the same. Maybe theoretically socialism is a different thing, but practically it really isn't for a lot of people. Market pressure. Even so, the rate at which they're adding back the features is unbelievable - I think it 12 months they'll have all the old Opera features back sans IRC client and mail client (which they said they'd drop anyway). Opera's future looks really promising if they can survive this very bumpy ride. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons Well, some people are bound to already installed interpreters. And those come with Linux distros. Many of which will be using Python 3 as the default for their 2014 releases (Fedora, Ubuntu, Arch). Plus these distributions are helping/pushing 3rd party Python developers to port to Python 3. So 2014 really looks like Python 3 mass adoption. Linux distributions versus FreeBSD. apt-get upgrade versus make buildworld :) And what if I want to use Windows Explorer or Nautilus to just copy my files to the device without installing anything? Just like any other mobile device in existence since the invention of Plug and Play and USB. I want to hook up an iPad to my laptop - FOR FREE - and be able to copy 2GB movies to it whenever I want, with 2 clicks or less. I say iPad but it's the same, really, for iPhone. I just care more about the iPad here :) You can do it, but it's in no way straightforward: all sort of cloud services (no, I don't want to send my files over to your servers in Finland to copy things in my living room), making the iPad a WebDAV server (probably the simplest solution but definitely annoying), SMB shares (only seen on the iPad through crappy or paid apps), iTunes (again, crappy solution, a lot more clicks than a real file manager). I mean, just because Apple (or the media companies Apple does business with) has an agenda to push you can't blame me for bitching at them. After all drag'n'drop file copying between devices was a problem solved 20 years ago. Now I need special "apps" on either my PC or on the iPad (most of them crapware or paid or paid crapware) to connect glorified "iDevices". The just took that option out - there was no technical reason to not have it and just HIDE the entry from newbies. Add to this the fact that the app market looks so immature that I feel I'm back to DOS shareware land. Few major companies I feel I can trust to not screw me at a low level (I don't care about NSA intrusions, I care about credit cards numbers being leaked out or major security breaches on code no-one has ever reviewed), no well known, mature OSS apps for the main things I do with my device. Right now installing an app seems a crap shoot. Anyway, it's all business reasons and not tech reasons, I get it. End of rant :| I was kidding. Yes, FreeBSD has a very good package manager, but as far as overall philosophies and maybe popular perception, Linux is the million-tiny-independently-updateable-bits-that-may-or-may-not-fit-together and FreeBSD is the huge-giant-blob-we-update-together-and-it-all-works! Base system, of course. "Big is beautiful" versus "small is beautiful". Some people like Ruby, others like Python. Hell, some people like Perl! :p This is going to be a programming language readability rant - ignore at will! :) Looking at the code I remember why I hate C. It's because of the lack of memory management, obviously, but also because of the crappy naming conventions. At a glance, disregarding your prior C programming experience, what is "mut"? What is "u8"? What is "putc"? Why does a language designed in this day and age try to cater to old fogeys pining for C naming conventions if it wants to supercede C? We have consoles with widths >80 characters, we have autocompletion and even Intellisense in any decent programming editor know to man! Compare and contrast: putc with WriteCharacter or write_character or write_char uint with UnsignedInteger or unsigned_integer or unsigned_int Don't go overboard Java Enterprise edition-style, but stop saving on the "cheap" stuff, sheesh! I'm also spoiled by Python at this, the epitome of "pseudocode" programming language. What's up with "~"? Couldn't they have found a 1-2-3-4 letter word for the random tilde? I do understand why they did it - to make it easier to draw the C crowds in. But really, isn't there a lower level (no memory management/optional memory management) language with decent syntax? Why is everybody creating lower level languages trying to copy C? C was created in the age of teletypes and it became popular because it was portable assembly. It's syntax was not a forte. I agree on all your points and I'd like to add that I don't know of any definitive research backing up an optimum line length. The only thing is that you don't want to be near the extremes - say 40 characters per line or 120 characters per line. Everything in between is acceptable. 80-90-100 characters lines are perfectly readable and also easily diffable/viewable side by side on almost any screen (I hope you're not doing 3-way merges merges on a phone :p). And thankfully new lines don't cost anything so we can just break up long lines like in this very good example: http://stackoverflow.com/a/903767 , and we can afford better identifiers. C/C++ people - break the cycle! Make new, human readable, 2000+ style APIs for C. Death to the fputcs of the world! (IMO symbol versus word is a personal preference thing and has no actual impact on code readability unless I need to re-read the language spec after 6 months of not using the language). And not providing any backwards compatibility is BS :) You do need a stable base to build upon. Not quicksand. Or if you're Slackware Linux: "In 1999, Slackware's release number jumped from 4 to 7. Patrick Volkerding explained this as a marketing effort to show that Slackware was as up-to-date as other Linux distributions, many of which had release numbers of 6 at the time, and Volkerding expected them to reach version 7 by the time of the jump." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slackware Wouldn't performance be better with VMWare Fusion? I think it includes even 3D acceleration. Whoa there you FOSS commie! (just kidding, I know mapleoin) I hope you succeed with your project, but sorry, I feel that your pricing is batshit insane, pardon my French. $200 per year subscription for 1 machine for the basic license with support only for the installation, basically. And probably bugfixes, I'm guessing. If for whatever reason I'd like to create a 3-4-5 VM test farm I'd have to pay $600-$800-$1000 per year. And, again, subscription. If I don't pay after one year I cannot use this anymore. Combined with the closed source factor, I really don't like it, sorry. I'm not a entrepreneur, but from everything I've seen in products I bought or wanted to buy, the personal edition/regular edition, the price was almost always kept under $100. It makes purchases far more likely. Make the license "floating" as you said in another post and reduce the cost to $99. Then make a professional edition (extra features) and an enterprise/volume discount edition (no necessarily extra features but can buy in bulk for reduced overall cost). Similar to what people like Atlassian or Jetbrains are doing, basically ;) (also kudos for the starter license addition, the "social" license - nice touch) It's not always about what people are interested or want. Sometimes people give up on their long term interests for short term gain. Mozilla is about the long run. And if it weren't for Firefox, you'd still be developing for IE6. I'm sure that they care about those bugs, but right now the major battle for everyone is in the mobile platform area. If Firefox OS doesn't gain a foothold we're basically in walled garden area forever (even though Android is OSS I don't trust Google to not become reactionary once the market is saturated and Android dominates it; and through patents + branding Google can still prevent major forks if it wants to). So for your own long term sake, you'd better wish that they do make it, even if they have to postpone a few CSS bug fixes. Good luck, and your first page is golden: joe@alchemist~$ rethinkdb joe@clockwerk~$ rethinkdb -j alchemist:29015 Just guessing, but joe is probably a Dota fan :) http://www.jwz.org/doc/cadt.html Does this matter that much if you version everything? Commit in library -> successful library build, failed client build. Commit in client -> successful library build, successful client build. In both situations you don't really care about the intermediary broken build - you still have the previous library/client versions and can use those. Once everything is committed & fixed you have the new versions and you can upgrade. The only problem I see if there's a long delay before the second commit. But this can be prevented by a fast CI cycle (always a good idea) and sending notifications for failures across teams (i.e. the library committer is notified that the client build for his commit failed). A patched system with a firewall on and without "trojan horses" brought in by the user is relatively safe. XP will stop getting patches soon. And this list ( http://www.cvedetails.com/vulnerability-list/vendor_id-26/pr... ) is only going to get longer and longer, because even though Microsoft will be EOLing XP, there will be tens of millions of Internet facing machines using it, probably even in 2020. I don't understand why Python 3 is a flop. It's a incompatible, new version of a programming language. It's seen slow, steady, constant adoption. In the low single digits, but that's to be expected for a incompatible new version. Most Linux distributions will be adopting it, most mainstream packages are ported or are planning a port. Want to bet that in 3 years' time Python 3 will be the most popular Python version (51%-49% maybe, but still a majority)? Wait for all the LTS/Enterprise distributions to switch to it - that will be the tipping point. And then people bitch and moan about Java's type erasure since the type when Java added generics. You can't have everything. Python 3 is not backwards compatible. Its adoption was bound to not be 90% in 1 year or so, especially for an already widely used and embedded system. Python 3 is not a success, but it is a quite nice base for building the next 10 years of Python. And for this goal, Python 3 is probably on track. This also relies on a similar cultural background. You'd be surprised at the cultural differences between US/California (a lot of the posters here) and Eastern Europe (my case). And my situation is mild - imagine how this scales between US/California and someone from a completely different culture (China, Africa, India). Actually it doesn't scale at all :) As long as it interfaces with anything else, it does. If your software is completely isolated and self contained, sure, there's no practical bitrot. But the Internet changed the software world - software rots out in the wild. This is so nice, until you figure out that the electric car has been around since 1880: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_car . Now it's trying to claw its way to 0.1% of worldwide car sale - and let's not try to figure out which percentage of total cars used this represents (probably 0.00001%). I know that after a tipping point adoption just starts snowballing, but that point still looks 10-12 years away (a market share of electric car sales at 10% or better). Designed by Tesla in California. Manufactured in China :) Furthermore, # has been used for comments before //, so he's even "wronger" than he probably thought :) I doubt that Windows is monolithic/bloated. Convoluted sure, backwards compatibility is a bitch, but Windows is probably broken into neat little modules by now. Turning HMTL 5 into a competent application platform = million of man hours. Convincing Google, Apple, Mozilla, the rest of the universe to adopt Microsoft's closed platform (even if it were Open Sourced) = billions of billions of man hours :) This sounds like a bad spam post. From my experience with Jenkins, as a build/deployment/release engineer the past 6 years, you probably want to: - chain jobs - needed for larger projects; ideally this should even allow composing jobs to have nice, modular jobs which can be launched standalone or chained - some kind of powerful templating system - needed for reducing configuration duplication; ideally this would keep track of all the "children" in case of updates - you also probably need enterprisey features later on, like SSO using AD/LDAP, fine grained ACLs based on groups, etc But job chaining and job templating should be higher priorities for the workflows since they affect the overall architecture. Jenkins has been struggling for a while to re-architect to allow this, not entirely successfully. You also want a plugin system if you don't have one, especially one with dependencies (i.e. the Git plugin can server as a dependency for the Github plugin). My 2 € cents :) I find hard to read such comments and think that they are valuable contributions anymore. First of all, Pulseaudio was not the biggest success, true, but can't someone learn from their mistakes? Both are also living, moving software products that continue to improve, as you said, "development marred with huge number of bugs that ruined audio on Linux until recently" - key words: "until recently". Secondly, about the technical aspects: http://0pointer.de/blog/projects/the-biggest-myths.html http://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/ -> "The systemd for Administrators Blog Series" Lennard Poettering said it better than I ever will. I find his arguments quite compelling and honestly, at this stage saying "the author does not understand Unix" just sounds silly. Judging by his work and his writings, Lennart probably sleeps with a copy of "The Unix Programming Environment" or other such classic under his pillow. He probably knows Unix 10x better than you or me (feel free to point me to your resume/bio if my assumption is wrong :) ). Just say that you don't agree with his design. That's fine and it's acceptable. It also turns this debate into something kind of like Linux versus Minix. Working code (his) wins for now ;) Have you been using the latest version? Their latest versions have had a huge focus on UX. I think that Idea 13 >> Idea 10, for example. Well, except for the Mac-only IDE (AppCode I think it's named), the other IDEs are just tweaked IntelliJs with stripped down configurations and language specific plugins. Those plugins can be installed and used in IntelliJ itself, so you can have Java/Ruby/Python/PHP/Javascript/etc support, all in one. Harsh words. They are rewriting everything, surely it's better to focus on 90% of their user-base first? Now only if the same emperor would have used that gunpowder invented by the Chinese to develop develop weapons better than bows to beat those Northern invaders. Oh wait, it was those pesky competitive Europeans that developed those weapons. You inadvertently made his point :) > * the Pacific ocean is twice as wide as the Atlantic (I don't know anything about wind patterns here) True, but the Pacific has a lot of islands in between, the Atlantic hardly has any. I don't know what the effective range of Chinese ships was at the time, though. Oh, yes, because showing the help entries first when entering the application clearly is the right idea. And surely that is why all the text-entering applications in the world have followed vi's lead. Re #3. Dude - you broke my browser with that link :( That's awesome in a way. But this being Open Source you can just download the sources for Vim 7.4 in the future and use it on UnixWare 7.1.0. While the rest of us (and maybe you, yourself) on Ubuntu 15.10 can use Neovim with all the cruft taken out. Well, when users are doing that, you can be sure that the competition will be in a world of pain! > It won't outlive the JVM. Well, the JVM will probably outlive the human race, so that's actually a comforting thought for Java developers :) Oh, so we've come full circle. Don't download random Windows apps from the internet, they're bad for your PC! Hey, here's my nice shiny app store where the applications are curated. Only quality content, categorized, free of spyware and other distractions. Oh no - market pressure has pushed the bar lower and lower and I once again have to rely on the Internet for reviews and comparisons of apps in order to install only the decent and trustworthy apps. Kind of sounds like the Windows model all over again. But this time I have to go through your BS systems to publish an app on my own device. Yay progress! There is no HTML5 bubble. Even if there is, on the long term it will be a mere blip on the radar. The Web is the Borg. First there was the dotcom bubble, and now the Web is bigger than that. Then there was the Web 2.0 bubble, and now the Web is bigger than that. Now it's time for the HTML5 bubble to grow and burst, and in 10 years the Web will be even bigger still. From the FAQ: https://github.com/owin/owin/wiki/faq - OWIN is inspired by rack, WSGI and node.js. I'd say there are plenty of alternatives to OWIN (and the .Net stack) for *nix. That's probably why there's not much interest around Mono, too. What I find funny is that this is, ironically, Microsoft's old strategy but with a positive twist. Embrace, extend, extinguish. Microsoft has already embraced Javascript - we could argue that they brought their own demise as the dominating platform when they created XMLHttpRequest. Now they're extending it. Maybe I'm naive but at this point I don't fear Typescript extinguishing Javascript. If they send things to ECMA for standardization, they'll definitely prove a point in this direction. Now find a way to correlate that to language and project country stats. As far as I can tell all Kickstarter projects have to be in the US/UK/Australia/NZ and of course, the entire site is in English. UK contribution - 54 million $, German contribution - only 21 million $. Something is obviously off. At this point I'd focus on horizontal growth - get in as many important geographies as possible, focus on key languages: German, French, Spanish, Chinese, Portuguese, Russian. Yes, the English only, US/UK/AU/NZ based startup culture. Get off your high horse, the stats are obviously skewed: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7334642 Why is he underestimating England? At this point England is basically: a) an English speaking financial center b) an English speaking media source Does it count for anything else? Both of those are only relevant now because of English becoming today's lingua franca, mostly due to the US. Even in Europe they're second fiddle to Germany/France. Excuse me, but what is your line of work? What programming language do use and in what field exactly? SVN. It actually won via a killer library/app - TortoiseSVN. But it was cleaned up, and mostly incompatible - after all all the commands had changed from cvs to svn :) A cleaned up PHP would be interesting but it would need a truly killer app. Basically make a PHP clone except for the bad parts. I'd say that the killer app would be a very to use framework that provided various security best practices already built in. And a PHP clone would need a 0 installation process - no messing around with shell commands or root access. Just copy your .phpclone files and you're set to go. Is the configuration dynamic? Like EC2 autoscaling or something? As far as I know Nagios needs a restart for each configuration change - imagine doing tens of Nagios restarts daily... Well, you have to put that image into context. The US hasn't been devastated by 2 world wars. I'd say that the graph proves it - the first moment where the US was massively ahead was 1900-1925. Want to bet that 90% of the European companies from that period are pre-1914? What is more worrying is 1976-2007 -> does that mean that things are ossified already? That there's no room for smaller companies to grow? I'd blame European conservatism for this together with US multinationals. I think he wants to compare the relative values. The Achaemenid Empire at its peak probably produced half of the world's goods. > Most nations of Europe (probably not Moldova, Slovenia, and a few others), on both a total and per capita basis, consume much more than anyone on that list. Be careful with Europeans, they get pissed off easily. Slovenia has a GDP (PPP) per capita of $28,195. While that's half of the US it is actually a lot, they're definitely not subsistence farmers in Mali. You cannot really compare it with Moldova - $4,182. First world versus close to third world :) He picked 1995 because of, obviously, Java. He was talking about Java :) When you have 1.5 billion people the game is played at an entirely different level. One which Turkey is highly unlikely to reach. Also Kosovo :) > I'd so much rather have a platform like this, where the hardest part--the image engine--would be done by experts, and the apps themselves, the feature sets, the UIs, could then be built by hordes of amateurs. The naïveté of a budding hacker. Great UIs are done by experts too, young padawan. I wasn't disagreeing with your vision, but rather with your dismissal of UIs as "amateur work". And I'm not even a experience designer :) Totally off topic, but what's the name of the song in the video? :) Anything covering email on a production scale is going to be full of edge cases. Could you please upload it somewhere? It's really catchy :) This is something Microsoft needs to push instead of the insane MSI stuff. Microsoft really needs an officially sanctioned dependency manager, maybe NuGet. Something with a standardized package format based on _archives_, not _executable installers_. The Microsoft ecosystem is light years behind OSS in this regard. Heck, CPAN was designed in 1993 and became available in 1997. Truly light years - CPAN predates the dot-com boom. Agreed. It's like . ./file versus source ./file Try googling for that if your Google foo is weak. "shell script dot"? "bash dot"? (edit: it seems Google search has gotten smarter or probably has an improved profile for me since this time it actually points to somewhat useful stuff; last time I searched for this was 8 or so years ago) At this point we can safely say that any programming language will be with us for many decades. Cobol ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cobol#COBOL_20XX ), Fortran ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortran#Fortran_2015 ), Basic ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic_.NET#2013_.28VB_12... ) are still evolving. Heck, Python is already 23 years old and I don't see it going anywhere. I'm not even going to talk about the ubiquitous C/C++ or Java, as they'll probably be around long after we're dead. Adaption is neat, but I don't see this argument as being a very solid argument in favor of Lisp - it's just the norm. I doubt Nokia would sell the brand. Nokia has been a Finnish company for 150 years. They made several mistakes - including bringing Elop in - and they probably wanted to get rid of the part of the company that was no longer sustainable. But I doubt they ever wanted to give up the brand, based on the details I read these days about the deal with Microsoft (only sold the mobile division, licensed the Nokia brand for several years, banned from producing mobiles only until 2018, etc). "From June 30, 2002 through June 30, 2013, city staffing decreased by 9,028 positions and totaled 295,894 by the end of fiscal year 2013, a 3.0 percent decline." http://ibo.nyc.ny.us/cgi-park2/?p=590 Apparently you need a lot of people to keep a city running. I don't know if you've used a lot of blogs/CMSes/etc, but you definitely overrate their commenting systems. Most of them are crap. That's why Disqus is so popular, because it has tons of cool features (like the little popup that says when someone has posted before you). Heck, Disqus is better than 90% of the forums out there (Hi, there, PHPBB or vBulletin!). Well, he doesn't recommend any of Spring, Hibernate or JBoss, if you read the article. And I think his point was modern _Java_ development. Isn't Vert.X async a-la Node? Well, history repeats itself. See the mobile phones for cellular networks (aka GSM). Made initially by Motorola, the technology spread all over the world and the US networks were actually lagging behind everyone else for quite a while. Agreed. pdf.js has come quite a long way from its beta. In most situations I don't feel the need for a native reader, anymore. I saw a Steam (Valve) graph for Dota 2 download speeds. Roughly 8 million players, spread across the world, quite evenly. The "fastest" countries were South Korea, Sweden, the Netherlands and Romania. We might be lacking quite a few things, but Internet speed is not one of them :) The main question is: can China's population become specialize faster than it ages? My intuition says it will, and even if the "boundless labor pool" is drained, it will still have ~20% of the world's work force. By then probably higher skilled than now. I wouldn't say they're slow. You wouldn't believe the rate they're adding features to Dota 2, for example. I believe that they're actually quite a small crew with very ambitious projects, and they tend to move around a lot. Totally agreed. Think about you're going to develop, check if the libraries are there, and if they are, go 3 and don't look back. I see no point in starting from 0 and working with what is already a legacy language - unless there's a hard requirement tying you to Python 2. I'm not sure if you're kidding or not. IDE integration for a new language? They wrote it themselves. Do you think it would have been harder to integrate an existing language? Fast & native also also trivially solvable. I don't know about interop with Objective-C, that's probably the hardest part from your list. But complaining about IDE integration when they're also the creators of the IDE is... silly... Well, that may be true for GCC but Ruby, Python & co are well integrated into many third party IDEs. So that point, at least, is moot. Yes, let us create an in-house crappy forum system. Better yet, let's use a crappy Open Source solution which was designed 15 years ago. Some cloud services are used because they're actually useful and good at what they do. You brave soul. I hope you accomplish what you've started - LibreOffice GUI improvements, especially regarding the foundations, are greatly appreciated. Would it be possible, long term, to use Qt? I mean switch the current components to be based on Qt and then, over time, actually start using Qt? I'm not American and not really an US fan. But I think he's at least partially right. Many of the previous wannabe #1s (as the US is now), were motivated by ideology ("we're better than you, culturally, religiously, racially, etc"): Spain, Portugal, England, France, Germany, by a power trip (Russia) or by what I could only call sheer insanity (Nazi Germany, USSR). The US is a bit different in this regard since it was always basically a trading nation and this what drove it forward: we don't (usually) want your land or want to convert your people to whatever crazy idea we have, we just want to get (worst case) / buy (best case) your stuff. That is an entirely different message and as long as it is not abused to much (see Iraq especially), it is a much better approach for the smaller guys. Ideally I'd want all the countries to be open, democratic, tolerant, free market economies AND equal partners. In practice I'd just want the big guy to not abuse me too much and give me a chance to grow myself. That's why as a Romanian I'm kind of horrified, for example, by Russia's resurgence. They fail 3 out of 5 those "ideal" criteria completely (open, tolerant, equal). The US fails basically just "equal", the rest might not be awesome but they have passing grades. I actually wanted to throw Guatemala up there, next to Iraq, as an counter-example. The USA has from the absolutist point of view an awful track record. But the competition was so bad that from a relative point of view it's like purgatory versus hell. Canadians or Mexicans might not like the US, but there's no neighbor of Russia that did well because of Russia. Any sane citizen which has no vested interest in Russian occupation or is actually Russian (Russia and the USSR have displaced a lot of populations, have colonized large areas and have russified huge populations) will agree. Meanwhile Canada and Mexico are doing quite fine - those borders have been stable for over 100 years and there's been no major "abuse", as I called it before, that I know of. Also, arrogance is not a capital offense, discrimination based on it is. From many points of view the US discriminates less than those mentioned previously. Almost all good IDEs allow that. All IntelliJ ones do that. They can even share the code formatting rules and they can be committed to version control so that your whole team uses the same rules. I doubt that a language dieing in 2014 would be completely gone from all record. Almost all the languages that we "lost" did not have a rich literature or sometimes even an alphabet. If you have multiple modes you can basically reuse the entire keyboard for commands. That's one advantage that is impossible to achieve in non-modal editors. Ctrl-ing, Alt-ing, Shift-ing stuff just isn't the same, especially as those commands get more and more complex. The interesting thing watching him play is that you attribute most of his game play to speed and balance due to his low center of gravity. I never thought he was that accurate because his motion when shooting doesn't seem very elegant. I take that back after seeing this data! He was a sight to behold. At least 5 kilos overweight (as a professional football player!) and he could dash in front of defenders in front of him. I saw him 2-3 meters behind a defender during a 10-15 meter sprint where he ended 2-3 meters in front of the defender at the end. Really explosive! > Unfortunately, it cannot handle circular references. Wouldn't this be bad design in 99% of circumstances anyway? I say 99% because I don't want to be categorical, personally I think circular references/dependencies are always bad on some level. Well, back off from your Javascript knowledge a little and try to figure out if the intention of the code is readable. As an outsider is seems... cryptic. His name is probably "Marius". That's about as short as it gets as a name... Humans are incredibly resourceful when pushed into a direction. See the average consumption of gasoline/diesel fuel for cars in Europe especially over the last 3 decades. And to make things even more impressive, graph out the average horsepower, weight and overall features added to cars in the same time frame. A car these days uses 1/3 the fuel it used to use in 1980 while having probably 2x the horsepower and 10x as many features, many of which have greatly improved passive and active security. Of course, not all improvements are good, but the overall trend is nice. If your Wartburg would hit a modern car you would be squashed. At this point they're a hazard on the road. They're cool and have their appeal but if a modern car company would design the Wartburg today it wouldn't pass safety or environmental regulations. And most modern cars are not thrown away, they are sold as second hand cars in my country or other developing countries :) There are people who follow the front page? I don't think I could understand this. In my view the value of reddit, as you pointed out, is in the subreddits: somewhat peer reviewed focused forums with a much better interface than the PHP forums of old. And that's where the money is, IMO. Just as you said, offering enterprisey features for them could rake in a ton of cash. Renting a decent 1 bedroom apartment is about 350 dollars. 1Gbps costs 20 dollars, and it includes TV subscription (I think it includes HBO too), a fixed phone line and a 3G SIM card and/or USB stick. The cost of living is definitely less than 1000 dollars. After all the average salary in Bucharest is probably less than 1000 dollars per month, so we wouldn't be able to live here if it cost more, would we? :) Not all of them. I'd say that the majority are just second hand purchases. Of course, they can't afford to really maintain them, so once a major component breaks down... they're probably out of luck and have to sell the car for parts or something. If you want to live in the city center (i.e. 1km radius), then an apartment will probably cost a bit more. But I'd say that withing a 3-5km radius $250 is normal for longer term rent and probably $300-320 for something super quick. But most of the people renting don't sign any contracts anyway so you can just say that you'll stay for 1 year and pack your bags after 1-2-3 months, or as long as you paid the deposit for. Python version supported? Pypi doesn't list it. On the same note, your pypi page is borked: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/textract (look at Build status & co, there's a formatting error) Don't get your facts mixed up. 325 million is quite close to what Adobe makes per month. Google and Apple are 10x-20x50x bigger. Based on your account name I find it hard to take your comment seriously, but: The 20s called. They want their cliches back. Most of the world is richer than US poor people these days. Of course, even if "most" are, there's still 1 billion people barely making enough for food, I'll grant you that. Ok, so my math was off, too, my point was that for Adobe that's actually a lot of cash, unlike for Apple. You say "US poor" then say that you were in awe of "average Americans". Make up your mind. Oh, and "most" = "majority" = >51%. World population = 6.5 billion people sans US. US poor = probably less than 10k dollars per year (maybe less at PPP). So at least 3.5 billion people should be making more. Middle class Europeans, Chinese, Indians, Japanese, etc, should definitely cover my claim, based on PPP prices. By car manufacturers? American food is crap. I don't know what they add in the US, but a lot of stuff seems artificial. Even the milk seems over-processed. Source: European who had 2 trips to the US, in supposedly healthy states: California, Washington. Have you ever tasted natural milk? Non pasteurized? I mean either completely raw or just boiled once straight after it's been collected? I have. The taste of European milk is similar. That of American milk is almost nothing like real cow milk. Both Emacs and Vim are updated regularly: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Emacs#Release_history http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vim_%28text_editor%29#Release_h... In between major releases they have tons and tons of bug fixes (Vim probably has hundreds per release). Editors can suffer a lot from code rot since they have to integrate with a lot of things. An Open Source version could be quite interesting from Sublime's community point of view. I don't know about the developer's income while this happens, though. Considering the humongous amount of corner cases Vim covers and the huge base of knowledgeable users that push Vim to its limits, I'd say that the bug count is to be expected. Github, Reddit, Stackoverflow. Those look like several big sites to me (not just one). And as many people said, Gruber is not some sort of BDFL... And it should take over if StackOverflow's service is crappy. Well, I'm sorry, but in my book if you make something Open Source, stay as the maintainer for a long time yet fix no bugs or make no improvements, don't register the trademark AND publicly complain when people try to improve the situation, you're like a parent who doesn't treat his child well. And in most societies I know of, that's a valid reason to lose your rights as a parent. Harsh comparison, but I feel it reflect the current situation well. And did anyone actually call it "Web Applications 1.0"? Not all forks pick "suitably disambiguated" names. In fact most hostile forks actually picked a name that was making fun of the original. Or just piggy backed the "brand". The only cases where this didn't happen was where trademarks were involved (OpenOffice.org, Hudson), and even those cases might imply pointing fingers (open has far more restrictive connotations in the software world than libre). And in this case I do hope that the hostile fork actually becomes what it aims for: standard/common and basically makes everyone forget about Markdown.pl. > Haskell is not for most people, Prolog is not for most people, Coq is not for most people, why does Common Lisp need to be for most people? Prolog and Coq don't really feel like general purpose languages, they have very specific uses. Haskell and Common Lisp are general purpose languages, they are not meant to be used just for one domain. What do general purpose languages such as Haskell and Common Lisp gain by remaining niche languages? I'm genuinely curious. Sure - the community might be a bit more tight knit and the overall signal-to-noise ratio is a bit higher, but the overall output of a community 100x larger will always drown out the smaller one. And among the hundreds of projects out there at least some will certainly outshine the "polished to perfection" projects made by the smaller community. At a certain point the larger community will just have more quality projects than the smaller one. So what does Common Lisp gain by purposely avoiding contributions? I'm genuinely curious. Many people don't have the time or the capacity to contribute to Python or C++ or PHP, either. Yet I rarely see comments as dismissive of the general programming population such as yours, coming from Python/C++/PHP users. It seems to me that many core tools could use such updates. They're widely used yet most of them predate modern development techniques and tools such as widespread linter usage, unit tests, peer reviews before committing, appearance of various stable and portable libraries or even compilers, security scans. I wonder what other nasty things would appear after a serious code review of the GNU and BSD core code bases. I do agree that the code has been read probably hundreds of times and executed millions of time, but I doubt there have been many formal attempts at improvement and the overall methodoloy resembles brute forcing to me. I could be wrong. Please continue posting such links. I know some people would like only links about "hacking" (i.e. coding), but such articles really make me understand the "we are standing on the shoulders of giants" quote. Especially about lesser advertised cultures such as the Islamic one. Who said that I don't read those? Your reply is a bit condescending. The stages of learning include total ignorance, when you don't know that you don't know something (or that the thing you don't know would interest you). We're social animals for several reasons - one of them is that we can teach each other. HN is quite a knowledgeable community, so the advice/pointers are in general more useful than just random Google searches or sifting through Amazon reviews, for example. Well, he is right that you're definitely not polite. There are tons of mediocre or even bad programmers out there, in any language. Many of them don't really understand the language they're supposed to master. Heck, there are a trillion C++ programmers out there and giving sub-par programmers access to C++ is also a recipe for failure. Did that ever stop any non-elitist language community? The reason they're "accepted" is that ultimately they make an ecosystem bigger. They want IDEs, linters, debuggers & other tools, books & presentations & trainings, libraries, services, etc - most of which are paid and which allowed better programmers to earn a living. Some of them - a minority - actually move beyond this newbie phase and contribute something useful. They make crappy and less crappy libraries, some of which might be used by "code wizards" when they need to do something (after all, does anyone except for the military, maybe, 100% audit the code dependencies they have?). Let them come, be nice, and they will filter themselves out. I have an additional question for this debate: think about a problem you'd like to solve while developing an application as a start up. What's the likelihood that your problem is solved by several robust libraries in Java and in Lisp? I'd bet that Java probably has several, not just one, high quality open source implementations of the thing I'm looking for - despite the crappy programmers you mention. By high quality I mean - at least decent code quality, good documentation, a lot of examples, discussions about it on public forums, maybe even commercial support, etc. With a bit of luck we'll have a gcc/egcs situation ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Compiler_Collection#History ). Basically GCC was falling behind, a fork called EGCS was a lot better after a while and at a certain point GNU just dropped the old GCC and adopted EGCS as the official GCC. Of course, Neovim first has to make a release for this to happen. And Bram has to let go of the legacy platforms (sorry Amiga!). He can support them via older Vim versions, I don't think it would be a problem for anybody... Bram hasn't complained about their usage of the name (unlike the Standard Markdown fiasco). And as a Vim user what they're doing seems what Vim always wanted to do before Bram was sidetracked by other projects: they're making Vi Improved. A lot of the changes they're making seem to be redoing the Vim internals using 21st century software development practices (continuous integration: builds, tests, linting, refactoring, removing deprecated bits, etc). I actually hope that Neovim is temporary and Bram can gracefully accept the Neovim code as the official Vim once Neovim is stable. And Vim can become "Legacy Vim", supporting modes and OSs Neovim doesn't support anymore. Vim itself does the same thing - it has downloads for older versions in order to support MS DOS, for example (I'm not 100% sure about this - the www.vim.org page gives me a "Connection reset" right now - but I remember it doing this). So, basically Nexus/Artifactory for deb. Cool. IMO drop the gifs, especially the "mind blown" one. They're very annoying to watch while reading the documentation. That it's going to be an uphill battle is an understatement. Someone replied on LWN, when he posted his proposal, that he had implemented a sort of home-grown database using non-UTF8 characters for the file names. Rube Goldberg, indeed! From the friendly article: http://ourincrediblejourney.tumblr.com/ Same here: "If you have multiple modes you can basically reuse the entire keyboard for commands. That's one advantage that is impossible to achieve in non-modal editors. Ctrl-ing, Alt-ing, Shift-ing stuff just isn't the same, especially as those commands get more and more complex." You'd be amazed how big that small niche is. Quite a lot of people like .NET development. In that world, funnily enough, there wouldn't be such announcements. On this level both extremes are similar :) .NET & Windows are used in the enterprise space, a lot. If mainframes are still around in enterprises, as a decent market (still worth billions of dollars), I imagine that .NET & Windows will still be around and probably still worth tens if not hundreds of billions of dollars, 20-30-40 years from now. There's no foreseeable threat to Microsoft in the enterprise, that market is roughly split in 3 between (mostly) cross platform C++, (mostly) cross platform Java and Windows-only .NET (I don't think any enterprise really uses Mono in production). And both C++ and Java predate .NET, so enterprises seem to love .NET to have moved over to it. They've also added support for Docker, contributed code to Linux and are including a package manager in Windows 10. The world is turning upside down :) Then be glad that someone else did not apply this principle to you. After all, maybe someone out there in the world thinks that 1 person / km2 ought to be enough. Who's to say that you wouldn't be in his "TO TERMINATE" list? And these are humans you're talking about, not deer. Maybe a process similar to Django's would be helpful? https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/release-proc... The real question is: can they get Perl 6 off the ground? It took 6 years for Python 3 to reach a decent level of usage and recognition ( http://python3wos.appspot.com/ ), and that was with mostly minor language changes. Perl 6 has been 14 years in the making and still doesn't have a stable version. Mindshare will be very hard to come by at this point. My logic is: Small changes = slow adoption. Large changes = ? While this does not apply to every situation, unless Perl 6 somehow manages to create a huge wave of hype, I'm not going to bet on it :) They did fix the tech with TTK/Tile. The thing is, the default themes for it are decent, but they're still far from what Qt does. And even Qt isn't perfect. Here's how things look with Tile: http://tktable.sourceforge.net/tile/ (click Screenshots on the left). Most of you, yes. And I'm not talking only about software. I heard some horror stories about lawyers as well. Plus you're nuts with your education loans, no matter what those colleges offer! Equivalents for: wget or curl lftp dig telnet And I mean similar features, not Invoke-WebRequest, ftp, nslookup or writing my own clone in 2000 lines of Powershell. And to this day I have no idea why telnet was removed from the base installation. The Windows command line is getting better with Powershell, but even Powershell can't beat 1000 man years of tool development. And I really hope that package manager takes off cause right now most Windows non-Microsoft tools are either shady or crappy. > you're bashing your head on your desk Repeatedly. Powershell is a wonderful concept but the ecosystem around it, except for Microsoft's own extensions, hasn't really hit puberty. Also try writing scripts which involve native Windows commands (such as robocopy & company). Things are definitely not intuitive and the error handling is crappy. You either stay within Powershell bounds and everything is wonderful, or you step out and are in a world of pain. telnetd ok, but telnet itself? What for? Crappy, slow, port scanning? If you want to read about the world's scariest saint: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olga_of_Kiev True, but in a lot of enterprise situations the complexity is intractable - it is caused by business requirements. Well, Lithuania is listed directly, Estonia and Latvia are probably in "Other EU New Members", Ukraine, Russia and Belarus are probably in "Other Europe", Kazakhstan & co are probably in "Central Asia". My guess is that they selected some of those groups to prove a point. I doubt that there are more Romanians (3000) than Russians (presumably part of the 55000-strong "Other Europe" group). To be honest in those Excel files they provide I don't see more info. I mean there's no breakdown by country except for something like the top 10 countries. But I don't see Romania or Russia (for example) in them. Anyone who has ever eaten home made bread, the kind my grandmother used to make, would agree with the bread elitist! It's not the same thing, really. Freshly baked bread is awesome. Eating freshly baked bread without slicing it = priceless. This might sound a bit harsh - so basically condemning Emacs to obsolescence. Emacs has a lot of hurdles in front of it: niche extension language, huge volume of customization before it becomes usable for your average Notepad++/Sublime user, etc., why add confusing documentation and naming on top of it? The cost is huge, but IMO it is worth paying. It is a one time cost (refactoring, updating the documentation and many/most extensions) which could open Emacs to a much larger audience. Most of your links are truncated :( While true, many of those OSes are not updated anymore. So good old Vim (4, 5, 6, 7) will serve them just fine. More than that, several of them (Amiga, BeOS, etc.) run on underpowered machines so the latest and greatest Vim updates won't run on them anyway. We could say that they're well served by Vim 5, for example. In your concrete example of a feature being removed, Neovim is actually removing a misfeature: the interactive ex mode, not the command line ex mode. The feature they're removing is akin to: http://xkcd.com/1172/ . More likely a file server somewhere, email and patches. After all Linux didn't use a SCM until quite late. I think that the statement above yours is trying to point out that they're simplifying the license. Dota 2 monthly patches are generally not actual game play changes. They're mostly additions of cosmetic items and fixes for the Dota 2 platform. The thing with Dota 2 and other Dota clones is that the depth (problem space) is way too big. There's no way competitive teams would have the time to explore all the combinations and still be successful in a reasonable time frame, with the same roster. That's why every 3-6 months Icefrog (the main developer behind Dota/the game design lead for Dota 2) makes game balance changes: slight nerfs on the most popular heroes and generally slightly higher buffs on the least popular heroes. The main intent is to break this natural tendency of humans to "cluster". The amount of combinations is way too large for changes to happen fast enough (strategies/tactics/selection of characters). Look how long it took for some of the characters presented in this game to surface (6-8 years for some)- that cycle could literally take decades for some heroes in Dota & co. I actually like patches as a forcing function in this case. Your examples are actually great at proving my point: it took decades if not centuries for the current varied chess and go strategies to emerge. By that point we won't care about Dota & co anymore, we'll all be in the Matrix :) You are (mostly) talking about 1v1 games. The dynamics are entirely different in team games. Have you ever persuaded your team to follow your strategy (especially a "weird" one, according to canon)? I can assure you it's hard even if you are considered your team's leader. We're also probably attacking the problem from different angles - I'm mostly thinking about completely disregarded strats/characters. For example in Dota push strategies (where you try to overwhelm your opponents very early in the game, a sort of all-in strategy) were valid during a very short period, one of about 6-9 months in 2008, IIRC. Then they were basically impossible until 2012. Also some heroes have been constantly bottom tier ever since competitive Dota started in ~2006 (Spirit Breaker - I'm looking at you!). It's much more easier to experiment as a single player. Once you get more people involved, social dynamics start happening. And there's nothing harder to budge than social inertia, IMO. The morals of the 50's seem to be a bit different than those of the 2000's... Are you sure they were only a nuisance? I'll be in the other camp. At least for directories, I like whatever magic distros do so that I get a file listing when using less on a directory, and can then less an actual file. Features are nice - and ultimately in this scenario you'd just get owned 5 mins later when your archiving tool would get hacked directly, instead of through less. The regular user won't use less to check the binary content for malware anyway... Google does not do support. This has been known for a long time. They don't hire support people, just developers. As such, SO is the best support you're ever going to get for Google products. (Thanks for the down votes - am I wrong? I doubt it ;) ) Agreed. He should make a visit about 500 km up North to Germany and in an average sized German town try to stay for a while speaking only English. It's close to impossible. Same for France or Spain. Well, to be honest, in the context of the Internet (the original topic of conversation, now slightly forgotten), "foreign language" = English. If you want to unlock 80% of the content on Internet, Spanish + Catalan won't take you very far. Ok. Awesome! I hope they keep this is, it's one of the most professional write ups I've ever seen an Open Source project so - especially a new one. I also love that they're posting bugs to vim-dev so that they can be fixed in Vim as well. And are you going to use this process for development work? I doubt that. Plus, in your example, at the end you're stuck with PHP. I'd rather be stuck with Java EE :) It seemed fitting :)) When debating pro-against EU, we should never forget how pre-EU Europe looked like. We've been incredibly good at killing each other. I'd pick a huge beauracracy over arms races any day of the week. They're probably stock Tango items. You've probably seen them before in Linux distributions and OSS software, ergo the association. If a monopoly forms through natural means, is it not still a monopoly? 1. Yes. 2. Don't know - we're good at surprising people! You are only looking at recent history. And even that's not true. Italians invading Albania and Greece? Italians invading France? Soviets invading Finland, Poland, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia, Romania? Hungarians invading Romania and Czechoslovakia? Romanians invading the USSR? Soviets invading Hungary and Czechoslovakia? And out of the list your have there, many of those "nation states" were too busy "genociding" their colonies in the last 150 years, to care about "genociding" their neighbors. And all of those were "genociding" their neighbors as well, before they got colonies. Plus all those nation-states are too small on today's geopolitical arena. Only the "state" bit will be going away, the nations will be there, sitting nice and pretty as they do right now :) I'm shocked that at this point AWS is not offering a build service. Or are they? One thing to note - while this all sounds very exciting and optimistic, a huge percentage of energy is actually generated by coal fueled plants: http://www.worldcoal.org/resources/coal-statistics/ - 40%. Let that sink in for a while. More than 1 century after the introduction of gas and oil fueled power plants and more than half a century after the introduction of nuclear power plants, coal is still powering almost half of the world. Perhaps even this PC on which I'm writing this comment. Don't expect a revolution. Expect an evolution that will take another half a century or more :) You like cvsweb? It's horrible. I'm here: http://cvsweb.openbsd.org/cgi-bin/cvsweb/CVSROOT/ . Why does not clicking a file open the file?!?!? Every freaking file browser in existence opens the file when I click it. It's been designed in the 90s and it shows :( Not really. You should have seen the discussion about the new Rust package manager. Putting everything top level means that good package names are taken forever by what is possibly abandonware. With namespacing everything is equal, first comers don't take over everything. Especially with the Maven/Java "use your reversed domain name" as groupId/package. Maybe it's a bit too verbose, but I'd still keep a group layer above the actual package name. Minor nitpick: surely the title should actually be "How to Send Email as a Startup". The current phrasing seems a bit odd - especially considering the fact that it is a lecture on reaching out to potential future customers :) I've seen quite a few accounts of Waterloo where Wellington is accused of being too passive and only being saved from defeat by the resilience of his troops and by the quick response of the Prussians, especially Gneisenau. I remember a quote where the author was speculating based on their personalities that had Napoleon attacked the Prussians first, they would have been crushed before the more cautious Wellington would have interfered. I doubt that a victory at Waterloo would have changes the outcome of the war, though. After killing dozens of them and losing 1/5th of the Soviet Union in just 9 months... :) Don't forget that the config format should also evolve until it is Turing complete, creating a crappy scripting language, instead of: a) separating configuration values from code b) embedding an established interpreter Awesome. Let us make Apple-only sites! /sarcasm Isn't also limiting the potentially boundless array of (mostly irrelevant) functions to relevant data types also relevant? I'd venture to say it is. Ooooh... that's a Point object - no way the AddAccount function does anything relevant with it! In OO you don't even actually need to think that since Point has a limited set of methods. True. But I still go looking for the "Point" class first. Then I start looking for things which accept "Point" parameters. Big difference from procedural programming languages. What's so ugly/trash about that? It looks quite simple/elegant. Plus what they're added is meant to be used by static analysis tools and IDEs, not actually for validating things at runtime. https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/the-birth-and-death... Or what happened to Java. And probably other ecosystems. IMO a "softer", "recommended" packages approach is better longer term. His point is that because of Jira, Bitbucket can't have epics. Cannibalizing sales. I use this holy trinity in most of my scripts: set -o nounset # set -u set -o errexit # set -e set -o pipefail # I'm not sure this has a short form. I use the long forms for the option names because they're self documenting. If anyone has more suggestions, I'm all ears. It doesn't look so sad to me: http://www.univ-paris8.fr/en/?The-University I doubt it. set -e is POSIX, I think, but the rest are probably bash extensions. I'll probably get flak for this, but for 99% of the scripts, at this point I'd just use bash. Linux has it as a default, as does Mac OS, anyone running BSDs can install it trivially, and Unixes probably have it as well since most of them have antiquated CLI environments and administrators usually install GNU utils to have a more human working environment. Did the Unix philosophy ever win out for end users? As far as the eye can see there's only integration. Microsoft Office is the most popular office suite, Photoshop integrates probably 1000 tools, etc. The only place users have accepted a single tool for a single role seem to be mobile apps, because the interface is so limited. At least that's my impression... This is a dangerous slope. And I'm sad seeing many of the arguments here - a wild guess is that they've been made by people who weren't here (or have forgotten) the Microsoft/IE story. Soon it will become: "Why would they invest resources? Firefox is a niche browser, the return on investment is not justified". After all, Firefox's market share is dwindling. I really hope we're not slowly being boiled like the proverbial frog, by Google. Math notation, Lisp. These are probably the inspiration for it. http://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/ Is PulseAudio causing anyone problems these days? Hmmm... was the Great Melting Pot created just by Native Americans? Not that I have anything against them, but wasn't the whole point of the USA to be a giant blender for people of all nations? How do you think that happened? By only hiring locals? It shouldn't. At least on Windows I've gotten used to killing the plugin container about once ever 2 days. Firefox itself crashes once per month, maybe less. Firefox = rock solid. Flash = porous rock, at best :) So basically, Pascal strings? :) While DJB may be more "bank" oriented, plenty of people have been making the world go round using Qemu and FFMPeg. I'd argue that Youtube (if I recall correctly it was and possibly is one of the major users of FFMPeg) has had just a big of an impact as online banking. Well, Java EE can be (is) overwhelming. This is a nicely curated list of quality libraries and feels more like one than like a framework. I think that the Java folk would do well to promote such things as well as Java EE, since they cater to different market. The Node.js guys have demonstrated that there is a market for "arbitrary assemblies" and if for whatever reason Java does not promote projects such as this it will lose those developers entirely: I doubt they will be willing to start using Java EE on day 1. Nope, Paradox. They also make Europa Universalis 4, another major time sink. Edit: You're right, Paradox is only the publisher in this case, not the developer as well. Cities: Skylines. Wikipedia says it's made by Colossal Order, a Finnish company: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cities:_Skylines EU4 and CK2 are made by PDS, part of Paradox Interactive, a Swedish company. The confusion was because the thread is actually about Cities: Skylines. That's the game that's only distributed by Paradox, not also made by them, and the one I was confused about. And then you add a hardware emulator! I think his point is that on most systems, except localhost, you shouldn't be touching the config files with an editor. Those files should be managed by an automated system (config management system). Such as chef, puppet, ansible, salt, cfengine & the lot. Also: > To see it running, test it out here http://gb-emailvalidator.azurewebsites.net/ > Please play nice with our hosting server, it takes a while for it to run since its stored on a shared windows machine I see that this project mentions an "ORM" for Redis. I have two somewhat naive questions: First of all, as far as I know, Redis is not relational, so O R M seems kind of dubious. Secondly: is Redis suited as the main, persistent storage for an application? I had the impression that it is more of a memcached replacement with more complex data structures than an actual database. You can't. At least you couldn't the last time I tried. Powershell hangs in SSH. The British monarchy hardly has any power... App-store-sarcasm-on: Oh, the curated library of applications and games is failing? You have to resort to 3rd party sites to actually filter things? At this point App Stores are nothing more than extremely expensive anti viruses for all the applications installed. We'll see on the long term if giving up so much control is worth it for a security scan :| Same here, Chrome/Ipad :| An involuntarily funny quote from the article: > Their solution was not to engage and educate those programmers to change their habits. I wish the blog author good luck in educating masses of programmers, even smart ones :) Resharper is made by Jetbrains. The flagship product made by Jetbrains is IntelliJ, a Java IDE and probably the best IDE money can buy. It is also and the thing which inspired Resharper (Jetbrains itself was called "Intellij" previously). Now, if on top of the IDE, which is at least on par with VS + Resharper, you add things like build tools, project management tools, testing and code coverage tools, Java is basically the Godfather. xUnit, including NUnit, comes from Junit (Java), Nant was inspired by Ant (Java), Nuget was inspired by Maven (Java), etc. And it wouldn't work because 1% of the employees would read the whole email and then tell all their friends to send an email with a banana image attached. On a parallel note, say hello to games in the age of internet. Wouldn't it be safer if he used some sort of percentile system? Something like 5%-10% for the GPA-equivalent exam in Egypt? (with the actual score afterwards in case they want to check). This is startlingly true. For example most of Africa or the Middle East is going through very blood struggles that the western world only got through 70 years ago. Some places are at the French Revolution stage, others at the Glorious Revolution stage, others still stuck in a Weimar Republic or even Nazi regime phase. Prosperity seems to be a prerequisite for solid democracy. And unfortunately it does not ensure it :( Ubuntu/Unity? I expect anyone working on web services what Nagios is (at least heard about it). If you've never worked on web services you're excused :p Nagios is a monitoring server. It's the thing that sends emails and other notifications when various checks it runs periodically fail. Stuff like: process dead, CPU 100%, disk IO through the roof, database not responding, etc. What do they think about the men they killed? Especially Stalin. Still he has a point. Kids will toy around with Google Docs but when push comes to shove when they're hired by PWC or Deloitte, Microsoft Office is where it's at. Google Docs doesn't hold a candle against it while LibreOffice can barely sneeze in front of it. Apple is also too expensive, by design, for 80% of the markets in developing countries. Or Console2/ConsoleZ. I've been using them + cygwin for 7 years no, they're quite solid. What's wrong with Splunk? Honest question. Any alternative that you'd recommend? Thanks. Interesting, but it's not a SaaS. It doesn't look like a direct rival to Splunk. Or if you do it, think of it as a Ponzi scheme: make sure that you cash in before the steam roller rolls you over! True, but apparently it does not deter people. I'm from a country defeated in the war, Romania, so I should be somewhat objective as "I" didn't "write" any history. Japanese atrocities are well documented, so it's not like the US was the only one doing awful things. I, for one, am glad that the Allies won the war. The lesser of two evils. $$$ I wonder how in Europe "streetcars" (actually "tramways", I don't think anyone here calls them "streetcars") remained popular. From what I've seen in the US the ones that still are running are relics and are mostly tourist attractions (such as San Francisco). Meanwhile in places like Berlin or Brussles they look like they're out of some SciFi movie: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trams_in_Berlin#/media/File:Bom... http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brusselse_tram#/media/File:23_2... The Austin one looks cool. But from what I see it's just 1 line. In crappy old Bucharest, Romania, even though trams are absolutely awful (they're very old and maintenance is... low), the tram network looks like this: http://www.ratb.ro/maps1/Tramvaie.pdf Keep in mind that we have buses, trolleybuses and subway here, as well, and the metropolitan population of Bucharest isn't much larger than Austin's. Still, glad to hear that things are improving :) Entirely possible :) I agree with your surface/density assessment, but we're also much poorer. So if Bucharest can afford it, Austin surely can, as well :) I can't really say how good they are but I found Liquibase (used by the Dropwizard framework), and FlyWay. So there are some options available. Somewhat related, what's the SLA for Github pages? Let's say someone wants to move a highly successful blog, are there some quotas? Maybe I missed them but I don't remember seeing any... And possibly in-house experience, which is always important. Well, I think this questions would benefit more people so I'll ask in public: are there any plans for a commercial offering? Thanks! Paid version, something that would rival web page hosting. Regarding features, I'm mostly thinking about the possibility of basing business on top of Github, for example uptime guarantees and notifications before termination in case of abuse. Maybe even stuff like throttling instead of pulling the plug in case of DDoS. If these can be added to the free version, cool! :) You mean desktop environment? Funnily enough, Windows started as one ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Windows#Early_versi... ). It was considered a "graphical operating system shell", what we'd call a "desktop environment" these days. It is technically doable, but I'm not sure the Windows NT kernel is worth discarding entirely. It has some fancy tech in there and if need be it can emulate POSIX through "personalities" aka subsystems ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Services_for_UNIX ). Subsystems actually make it more flexible than Linux. Still, don't they employ something like 100k software engineers? From a business point of view Firefox didn't make much sense either. After all, we had Internet Explorer, Safari and Opera as perfectly viable browsers. So sad. Especially for Windows tons of valuable stuff is there, especially smaller utilities like DDMM and similar :( I can't figure out what hovers over West Africa :( Edit (spoiler): it's actually in Asia :) Have you loved for a longer period in another country? :) And it's not for lack of trying. The last major attempt was Sun Studio on the 90's/early 00's. Emacs and Vim are like Lisp at this point: unicorns. Perfect, mythical creatures everybody loves to talk about. Meanwhile oxen like Eclipse, Visual Studio, Sublime, etc. keep chugging 90% of the world's code :) http://www.jwz.org/doc/easter-eggs.html My all time favorite reply about bloat: "X is big because your needs are big" (in the article X = Mozilla). Text editing is not simple. Not since Unicode is a thing. And it's not because of Unicode, it's because of us humans and our crazy languages. What does Ubuntu have to do with this? What exactly are these fatal Ubuntu flaws? France and Germany don't have hostile neighbors. I bet Greece also spends a lot on its Navy and Air Force. Courtesy reddit: http://i.imgur.com/McyZYL8.jpg Let's just say that I know of a big cloud company who now has 1 major internal project which has been obsoleted by what Amazon releases now. If you have a large cloud platform, an API gateway is priceless. Especially if you have single sign on and therefore can use auth tokens for everything. Heh, I never thought I'd meet an Axway product user on HN. What are you using? Gateway? Integrator? AWS has a lot of pull. And they iterate quickly. Plus AWS is probably still the most complete cloud offerings, and integration is always great. But then you have to manage the devices yourself :) May God have mercy on your soul :o) That hasn't stopped people from getting locked into Windows, iOS, Internet Explorer, Office, MacOS X, etc. There's value in integration and a lot of people want that. I meant XFB. It was the only product that was referred internally just as "Gateway". "Gateway Interchange" was "Interchange" and "API Gateway" was "API Gateway". Because they invested a lot of engineering effort in making an API gateway and judging by the speed of development for internal projects versus AWS development soon most if not all of its functionality will he surpassed by the AWS version. And because everything for them is already built on top of AWS. I find it funny that you're putting CS and Heroes of the Storm on the same level. Considering the latencies already mentioned (25-50ms to the closest AWS data center), CS should only be usable for casual play while for your other title... most Dota clones are playable up to 250-300ms latency, if you're not spiking. I've been playing Dota 1 and Dota 2 for 10 years now and I can tell you that with enough practice anything under 250ms is doable if there are no spikes in latency. After a certain number of games you get used to it and start anticipating. It's not perfect, that's for sure, but it's definitely doable. Or are you talking about 5k+ MMR? In that case it is trickier, of course, but I know even pros managing to do it :) https://help.ubuntu.com/community/PinningHowto My guess is that apt pinning/holding predates Gemfile.lock by quite a few years :) And do you know why? 1. Because Google already knows that you're a hacker (based on your search history and other info it has on you). 2. Because those are old and famous in their respective communities (ergo page rank and visibility). 3. Because there is actually content for them out there (so it actually has something to present). Your argument is mostly invalid as H&M, for example, has tags in multiple currencies. And as a non-Euro Romanian I can tell you that the conversion rate is not favorable to the buyer. My point is that for H&M and similar networks the prices are constant across countries, based on their pre-set FX rate, which is not in the favor of the buyer. The initial argument would only be valid if prices in different currencies would be smaller in the poorer countries, which doesn't happen anyway, regardless of currency. Exactly. Unfortunately I am not that good at getting my point across :( Well, most first generation immigrants are really hard working since they have to settle and prove themselves. Hopefully the next generation will be part of the established middle class so that they can reach higher than agriculture and construction work. AIG :O To paraphrase a famous quote: "for Danzig". Some things are worth fighting for. Abandoning 45 million people to 17th century "spheres of influence" is extremely cynical. The EU might not be great, but on its worst day it's better than Russia (in all its forms) on its best day. I really hope that Russia can prove me wrong. But 500 years of Russian history back me up. > Unfortunately, Greece has been for a long time a vassal state, British and American interfering in our political life down to very basic levels. Even today, IMF, which is an American institution promoting privatization and looting of public resources, along with the Nazi like EU, govern our miserable life. South Korea is another US "vassal state". So is Taiwan. So were Japan and Germany after WW2. I'd say that the Greek problems have other sources. As a Romanian I wish they traded Greece for Romania in 1944. So that you'd learn a painful lesson. The network effect becomes even stronger now, as the Internet crosses the chasm. Grandma won't switch from Facebook soon, unlike her teen techie granddaughter. Some proofreading issues related to the CI webpage ( https://about.gitlab.com/gitlab-ci/ ). ). They're minor and easy to fix but I think they would help regarding sales: -> Multi-platform since you can execute s builds on Unix, Windows and OSX. -> Stable because the GitLab CI is on a different machine tha t (n) the ones that perform builds. Also the whole phrasing is a bit weird, I'd change it to: Key feature: description. The way it is now those phrases seem a little clunky and unnatural. A totally separate issue, what are the limitations for the CI stuff? Build per day/per OS/whatever? If I've read his post correctly he's a paying customer. Surely that has to count for something :) xaxaxa jajaja huehuehue Internet games teach you a lot of things :) I doubt that Google isn't also using all its lobby money to prevent that. Of course it's going to be hard. Changing legacy code always is. But this kind of argument seems to be presented in the US for everything from gay marriages to gun control laws. If you really want to, you can do it. And it's not as painful as presented especially since many countries have done it ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metric_system ). And the longer you wait the more painful it becomes. What's the total cost of not switching? I'm willing to bet it's in the tens of billions each year. All your major trade partners use the metric system: EU, China, India, Australia. It has aliases for 90% of those commands, though. Open Source projects without massive communities or without backing dry up. Plus I'm not sure MongoDB users are really able to keep the ball rolling. I've definitely seen a lot of discussions where Chrome is considered a memory hog compared to Firefox. At least in the last 2-3 years. CCC = ? Thing is, the AWS philosophy of considering everything short of data sources "disposable" leads to a lot more robust engineering. Yes, it makes Ops work more difficult, but as someone smart said regarding software: if something hurts, you're not going it often enough :) Well, this is the best kind of promotion: we get quality stuff for free, they get free exposure and also seem hip, unlike Microsoft circa 2010. Yup. It feels strange to completely dismiss the one link between Antiquity and the Renaissance: the Roman Empire, or Byzantium as we now know it. Yet we use public transportation in many parts of the world and few bad things have happened. We use door handles everywhere. Etc. In hospitals you have sick or very sick people and people with open injuries. You can't take hospitals as the common scenario. display: table is cool but as far as I remember if you want to do something equivalent to colspan or rowspan you're in for a lot of trouble... :( These aren't the styluses you are looking for... Can I open a game on iOS and let it play? Say I want to idle in Clicker Heroes while I browse the net. Can it do that? Without jail-breaking it? It's because those "funny" symbols are needed in concise, informal communication on the internet. Smileys are very useful for conveying extra meaning, such as humor or sarcasm. Normal people don't use /s :) It's actually lack of application support for emojis on desktop. But mobile devices, where you really want to be efficient when typing, do have support for Unicode smileys. So my point still stands :) I wonder if it's just lack of proper Unicode support or some sort of protection against Unicode shenanigans. Python actually has a definition for pythonic. PEP 20: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0020/ . Just think of it as civil law (versus common law) when interpreting it. Lock-in. A sort of strange question. Has anyone tried Qt as a cross platform toolkit for mobile? What was your experience with it? I ask this because I'm thinking about creating a cross platform app, desktop + mobile and I'm wondering which would be the best way forward. Qt? ReactJS + web browser + React Native? Something else? > Classical education is DEAD for outstanding individuals. Fixed that for you. The vast majority of people are not outstanding. Plus, if I'm not confusing him, Tavis used to make some kick ass FVWM configurations. The kind of window manager stuff that you see in SF movie computers. A really cool dude. So Utopia? Also, see Neverland. We can imagine that world, but does it really help professionals in any way if they do imagine it? Google, please, please, just let me see the stupid page even if I'm not in the US. Just put a huge, red warning sign saying that the product is not available in my country. I think they might have fixed the link meanwhile? Anyway, this is what I got: The Google Store isn't available here yet. From almost everything I've seen so far Mono wasn't really considered production-ready until recently. I remember reading, for example, some horror stories from the early days of Fogcreek Fogbugz support on Unix via Mono. Even today, is any big company using Mono? Are there are any big commercial (or Open Source) applications using it? Where in Europe? I doubt the citizens of Vietnam have much say in this whole process: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Politics_of_Vietnam Plus their sites are abysmal. It's like they were built with technology from the 90's and nobody told them about UX. While I grant you the "don't use English as primary language", "a handful of countries" does not stand up to scrutiny: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decimal_mark#/media/File:Decim... I don't even need to count to figure out that 80+ countries use that system :) In an ideal world Romania would probably have been united with Moldova in 1991 and Transnistria would either have stayed as a part of Moldova or would have become an Ukrainian province. Either way, there were several other outcomes not requiring the intervention of the Russian army, without keeping Transnistria as a sort of gangster-controlled state. (Disclaimer: I'm Romanian) The burden of proof is on you, not him. There haven't been atrocities in Moldovan governed territories, all of which contain exactly the same minority elements as Transnistria. Why would Moldova have to adopt ethnic cleansing in Transnistria especially, when it did not do the same thing anywhere in Moldova? It was a power struggle, plain and simple. Just as in Crimea, Abkhazia and everywhere Russia had "oppressed minorities". Debating logical fallacies and semantics on a very sensitive topic is highly counter-productive, at best. Some might say that it is almost insensitive, even. At least I'm glad that we're on the same page regarding the core issue: > His conclusion may be true If you're wondering why someone might be offended, it's because these kinds of topics are the ones visited by Kremlin bots: http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/may/04/pro-rus... In this day and age it's getting difficult to distinguish legitimate pro-Russian arguments from Russian state propaganda. Is there some sort of React component repository or something? According to this, it was less (82%): http://www.usinflationcalculator.com/ (select 1990-2015) They could do what Qt does and charge for commercial addons. The Qt ones are pretty compelling: in-app purchases, for example. Plus I imagine that people using the other front ends are doing it for other reasons. C# and Pascal seem like enterprise moves (for the enterprises of >2005 and http://docs.gluonhq.com/javafxports/ There's another former Communist country with a "disproportionate amount of programmers": Romania. It even had its own PC clone: https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/Felix_PC (in Romanian, sorry, but you can probably figure things out just from the dates and numbers :) ). Edit: How cute! At the bottom there are links to all the Romanian-made computers. There are at least 20 models I didn't even know of. Communists had 1 positive obsession: exact sciences. See all that focus on math, physics, etc. They probably thought they could solve all the world's problems as equations, with the head of state as the "master variable manipulator". I'd say that retention is a lot better in the IT sector, definitely a lot better than in the 90s or early 00s. Of course. Someone in the Politburo read 1984. Think 3D content with minimal deployment issues* across a huge variety of devices, and suddenly it becomes a bit clearer. The trick with the web is not the actual tech inside, as much as the instant delivery capability across a huge variety of devices which support the tech. * Yes, yes, I know that there are tons of compatibility issues, but native support across the same range of devices is 10x harder. If not 100x or 1000x. You mean: > Then along came smartphones. Wasn't ARM a relative minor player before smartphones took over? I'm sorry to say this, but that site is horrible. It's almost blinding, the colors should be toned down. Has anyone been using Light Table as their go-to editor/IDE for big projects? > the death of the SDET role Can you give some more details? This bit sounds strange. They're smart about it: > When a Facebook employee logs into the app any Tuesday morning, they'll see a prompt at the top of their News Feed asking whether they want to try out the slower connection for an hour. The interesting thing about humans is that they adapt. There's a reason economic growth exists, and not all of it relies on: suck up more oil, chop down more wood. At this point, Android is about to win the fight of "client" operating system, overall. It definitely looks like the underdog in the Innovator's Dilemma ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Innovator's_Dilemma ). Github could use the 1-alpha, 5-production system. At least you'd get a hint at the intention behind the release. Maybe C++ is also a showstopper for many? There's a React Native for Android, which has the same problem. Aren't you annoyed by apps that can't update themselves on desktops? The thing with QML: I think you still need C++ for more complex app logic. I can't give you an exact number, but when Europeans were starting the Industrial Revolution, most Europeans couldn't read or write. Really? Using 18th century arguments about art? Would Hume have approved dadaism or postmodernism? Add on top of it the "for males" tidbit and things looked even bleaker overall. > Africa generates only 2% of the world’s demand. The saddest part. Africa is a huge continent, the second biggest after Asia (or the third biggest if you consider the Americas as 1 continent). It is 3 times bigger than Europe. Still, as anyone who has ever played an online game with regions, digitally it's almost like it doesn't exist. South Africa is the only African region covered. North Africa is usually bundled with Europe. Everything else is not even a blip on the radar. I can't help but think of the benefits of getting hundreds of millions of people into the modern age and be sad about that statement in the article :( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continent#Number_of_continen... I learned at school the 6 continent model presented there :) I doubt it. I think the upgrade path is supposed to be XP -> Vista -> 7 -> 10. As far as I can see it doesn't have "find in page". Killer feature for me :( Wondows had security problems due to tons of design decision thar went sour. And current Windows is quite safe. A few safe coding lessons will do wonders for a company :) Yes, but is that because of Java compatibility (which has been generally exemplary) or maybe because of other issues (I'm thinking of Oracle vs Google)? Well, as you said, it's just bad stewardship on Google's part. Sun/Oracle seem to have a much better track record regarding Java-"proper". Aren't we past the tipping point? I think that at this point most old projects won't ever move to Python 3, but for new projects it's at least 50-50. If not >50 for Python 3. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_Madrid_train_bombings https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/7_July_2005_London_bombings I don't think Churchill is the best benchmark for such matters: "starvation of anyhow underfed Bengalis is less serious than that of sturdy Greeks" https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bengal_famine_of_1943#Suppli... And definitely not a benchmark for the 21st century. At the expense of millions of what he should have considered his own people. I'm stretching the analogy a little here, but I'm sure you can think of another Allied leader that did the same. And the other allied leader has (deservedly) an awful reputation. Definitely a reputation which is worse than Churchill's. > I support freedom of speech - absolute and unrestricted. What if my "free speech" involves drawing masses of people and telling them, persuading them, to kill you, your wife, your kids, your mother and father because you have the wrong skin color, eye color, religion or whatever else I imagine? That's a very polite way to deal with the problem. I've seen first hand that most people bend easily. A very charismatic leader can do a lot of harm. I'm a firm believer in anti-hate-speech laws. That's a false dichotomy. Freedom is not absolute, it's already limited through various laws. Why should speech be absolutely free when I am not absolutely free? And Amazon during re:Invent. You do know that the name is mostly an artifact from a previous age and the GUI designer in VS is like 5% of a very powerful IDE, right? Sort of off-topic, but could you please fix the telemetry reporting? https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/supporting/FAQ The current configuration setting is in the app folder which means that it gets deleted after updates. It's kind of not nice to use opt-out instead of opt-in for this. Even if it's a product management requirement, surely it could me made so that the setting is saved across updates, making VSCode feel less like annoy-o-ware. Man, I just looked it up. He's 73 years old. I hope I'm as active as he seems to be when I'm that age. I hope he'll be as active as he was in the presentation for many, many more years! The Albanians are one of the oldest population groups in Europe. They are descended from Paleo-Balkanic peoples. Finns and Czechs also love their guns. And Albanians used to be Christians until they were converted under Ottoman rule. If you take any given coordinates available in Europe, you're bound to find oddballs. Oh, and regarding Islam, there's Wahhabism and there's the Ottoman-style Sunni Islam (I don't know the historic name for it). The two have little in common. The Muslims in Europe are 99% results of Ottoman influence. So European Muslims, especially in the Balkans, are quite moderate. Google is probably very wary of going more into Oracle territory. Given Android's adoption at this point, if I were Google's management, I'd adopt another JVM language. Sort of Objective-C -> Swift. Kotlin would probably the safest bet from an "easy adoption" point of view. The real question is: why didn't they use something like Lua for the config file format? Web servers can have notoriously complex configs, up to the point where designing a mini-language might a worse idea than stripping down an embeddable language, such as Lua. Lua, especially when sandboxed, seems like a fitting configuration language: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1224708/how-can-i-create-... Interesting. Have you used NativeScript for a commercial product? It's the first time I hear about it and I'm curious to hear an opinion about it. More importantly: why aren't TVs doing it? TVs should be turned off completely when you press the button, to save power. After that almost all smart TV boot up quite slowly. Which is sad :( If Google is right (I'm using this for reference: http://weight.optyourlife.com/i03784mages/bmi_40.jpg ), almost no kind of clothes will make you look good at BMI 50. Really? If that model is so awesome, how can I ever implement a screen reader for Hearthstone? Or how can I implement a deck tracker for Hearthstone? Or any other kind of wild shenanigan Apple hasn't ever thought of. Keep that stuff for mobiles. If PCs also become grandma only territory, how will really interesting apps ever be developed? Interesting almost always involves "dangerous" somewhere along the way. PHP is very likely to be the language used by Mort: http://blog.codinghorror.com/mort-elvis-einstein-and-you/ I doubt any of those developers are ever going to switch what they're already using unless they are forced by some external factor. The more serious factor is: if you're on Hackernews, you're at least Elvis or even Einstein. Mort is out of reach for most internet media for programmers. I did read it, I know that the conclusion is that reaching out to Mort should be attempted. But most Morts don't work in software companies. And I doubt that reaching them is easy or cheap. And it's not elitism, it's a fact that many developers are Mort in all situations. Yes, we're all Mort from time to time, but some people are just Mort :) Not really. We're all relying on things we know to be working. How often do you check 100% of the APIs you use for every kind of thing you develop (including shell scripts) for deprecation warnings or bad practice warnings? I, for one, know that I don't. Except for NASA software, I don't think it's feasible. Umm... no. I was talking about the subset of devs which are just chugging along without much thought put into the craft of programming. Which includes me sometimes, as well as many PHP developers. But not all of them. Go search internet forums: "how i script PHP mail?" folks won't use the latest best practices. And there were dynamic webpages before PHP, PHP just gave a ton more people access to them by easy installation, configuration and most importantly, development/feedback cycle. Can anyone closer to the subject provide some info about this: https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/3v4l98/php_7_r... ? That comment looks a bit scary if it's true :( The political environment is always toxic and insane :) I hope you're not right. There are so many wonderful filesystems already out there, many of them already Open Source. I'm not against research, but I'd rather have Apple fund one of these existing efforts. I have a somewhat off topic question: is there anything in the design of Javascript that mandates single-threadedness? Could any Javascript engine implement threads? I'm asking because I'm wondering if Node.js's evented approach is the only way to do things. Well, it seems feasible if they take out enterprisey features. For example Windows without AD support could be an option. Or without remote desktop support. The hobbyists would use it as is but no company would touch it without support anyway. Well, historically, when Microsoft was still in competition-mode, Internet Explorer was kicking Netscape's ass with the later versions. With the first few versions they were playing catch-up, but if I recall correctly, IE 4 and IE 5 actually had more features and better standards compliance than the current Netscape versions, as did IE 6 at its launch. "IE hell" started once Microsoft won the race. I'm guessing Chakra is written in C++. Do you mean that you want it to run on top of managed-C++, on the CLR? Is that still even a thing today? I know it's off-topic, but since you're a Microsoft employee: haven't the MSDN guys ever heard about friendly URLs? Compare: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Projects/Sp... (I'm guessing this would be at least the milionth time they hear about it :) ) Well, from what I've read on the internet, their culture is changing, at least at the grass roots level. A ton of people promoting Open Source & other similar stuff. It's hard to say what this means for the higher levels, but many people think that Nadella's appointment says that Microsoft does want to change. And luckily for US, Microsoft is and will be the underdog for a while at least, in most markets they are in: web search (after Google), browsers (after Chrome), mobile OSs (after Android and iOS), server-side OSs (after Linux), cloud stacks (after AWS). It was actually a typo, but you're right that I wanted to emphasize that aspect. Freudian slip :) > an alternative they debated was to invade Siberia You're too polite. They did try that. There were minor skirmishes along the Soviet-Japanese border before WW2, they were close to an actual war. But the Japanese Army got smashed so that idea was scrapped. The other faction vying for power then gained favor and they headed south. Oracle. And do you have the whole implementation on your mind all the time? If not, does the time spent thinking and researching it before not count as implementation time? I'm pretty sure xkcd is mocking the attitude described in the comic. Why? Hmmmm... I'm guessing this law exists to prohibit speculation by people who would use their children's tuition for it? I remember reading something about the Great Depression and it involved ordinary people investing in stocks and losing everything. > Anyway, at my last job, IT decided that the computer on my desk should run Windows 7, which only has the icon in the bottom bar. It's generally a good idea to look through the settings or search on the internet if you don't like something on your PC. Windows 7/8/8.1/10 all allow using labels and text for the taskbar buttons. Does anyone know if more complex extensions such as Tab Mix Plus or Tree Style Tabs will be supported? > Also, for using a system that's allegedly broken, the US is the country that has been the most innovative in terms of software for decades in a row now. The real question: why don't browsers support all of that through a new web standard? None of that is rocket science. The Firefox performance increases were (are?) tangible. I don't really remember which version first delivered them, but a long time ago I used Opera (9?) because it was much faster when opening a lot of tabs. Then Firefox became a lot more responsive. Honestly, that would be awesome. The pipeline part, I mean. Man, Africa looks really sad. I was looking through their region list ( http://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html ) and everything is in the Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia. Africa's nowhere to be found. Plus embedded environments which have problems with an executable weighing 656KB aren't really a good target for .NET, to start with. Unix has solved for decades? Not really, if we look at the state of adoption of this solution. We supposedly discovered concrete 2 millennia ago but only adopted it widely 150 years ago. I wouldn't diss people who actually have a shot at fixing the problem, even though you might not like their solution. Dart was meant to be a general-purpose language from day 1. I think they were always working on the standalone, server VM in parallel to the Javascript translator/compiler/transpiler/whatever it's called these days. Judging from what many Romanian people I know do, he was probably using Yahoo Messenger to talk to his colleagues and his friends at the same time (some of which might have been friends and colleagues at the same time). Most likely from his personal YM! account. The real problem was using YM! for work conversations. But if the company involved did not have its own internal messaging setup... it's an easy mistake to make. Well... Wren: "Wren is small. The VM implementation is under 4,000 semicolons." MIT Licensed. Creo: "Gravity has no dependencies and the VM implementation is under 4000 lines of C99 code." Closed source, but: "We Of course, this is pure speculation, the VMs could be completely different for all I know. > I am sure I'm a minority on this thread - but does anyone else think that if the engine is being developed in the open as open source then competition is not a good thing GCC vs EGCS, Xemacs vs Emacs, X.org vs Wayland, KDE vs Gnome, Firefox vs Chrome, GCC vs LLVM, etc., etc. Competition is good even for Open Source projects. The best bindings are the ones for Python" PyQt (I know it's not compiled, but it's definitely a nicer language than C++). Unfortunately, it's an absolute pain the butt to try to use those on mobile, especially since Python does not build out of the box on any mobile platform (!). > Ouch, yet another way in which running on Windows can lead to poor technical decisions. That's quite dismissive of Windows... Couldn't you just bundle Python instead? You're forgetting (ignoring?) Nokia. On the other hand, if they do it piece meal and are willing to back out if the initial phases don't succeed, what better stress test for the material do you want? But... why? I maximize all the windows I use. Less window management hassle. I didn't post the original screenshot, you're probably confusing me for the poster of the parent comment. I am using Windows and I'm writing this from a desktop, from a Linux VM. I don't find window management to be much better when using a mouse. I maximize all my non-instant messenger windows. Maybe one day I'll use a different window management paradigm, but I doubt it. I already have a special keyboard layout and every time I use a standard keyboard layout I feel/look like a newbie since I need to adapt to the new circumstances. Switching to a different window management paradigm would mean that I would have an even harder time adapting to using another PC. In a somewhat related note, Chrome on iOS just updated to WKWebView or something and just said it does not suppor Do Not Track anymore, due to iOS limitations... Mmmm... the Japanese have problems even reintegrating Japanese Brazilians, i.e. Japanese who have moved to Brazil. That reeks more of Japanese xenophobia than of some "Western imperialist racist conspiracy" to destabilize Japan. That article's lead picture is silly. I'm willing to bet that the woman in the picture is from my country instead of being an actual Norwegian. Shameful journalism, portraying Norway's economic problems like some sort of meltdown. At this point you might as well try to regulate emotions :) Doesn't this look more like an un-optimized edge case than anything else? Loading a 100MB text file is not really common, even among developers. Only logs and DB dumps are really that big. > However for my tools, I'm not bothered so long as a reasonable price or free MIT - in fact I'd rather pay for a commercial license than use a risky GPL license Why do you consider GPL tools risky? I'm guessing you're using GNU utils constantly? :) > I do feel sorry for Architects (my wife) though, they have to pay outrageous prices for design tools, literally thousands yet developers who earn far more than architects, bleat about trivial amounts such as $70 for ST. Architects probably don't have other options. Free development tools abound. And they were a small ruling caste that was assimilated by the locals, for the most part. So the previous comment was quite accurate. The Mughals of Babur were far removed from the Mughals of Bahadur II. I doubt even the Indians themselves are debating that the British brought many new technologies to India or that they maintained them well. Something which the later Indian administrations did not do as well. But when, in the end, the whole system was a huge scam meant to get resources out of India and into Britain, everything comes into a larger perspective. > Facebook in 2016 is a different beast than Facebook in 2006 I'm not a big Facebook user. Is Facebook 2016 really that different to Facebook 2006? To my untrained eyes it still looks like: * blogging for normal people, restricted to friends and family * free photo photo storage The thing is, in this day and age most people don't need their editor to last 100 years. Because of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Common_User_Access & friends, you can just switch to another editor. Meanwhile, if you're used to Vi's modal editing or Emacs's elisp, you're basically going to hate the other tools forever if for whatever reason. For example if you need IDE features for your project or the Vim/Emacs extensions for language X are no stable/flexible enough. Rolls Royce is now owned by BMW. If you're calling BMW "not all that great", I wonder what your standards are :) > Well, anyone that wears shorts and sandals and is over 20, deserves it. He only said "shorts". You know, adults can wear shorts as well. I don't live in the "free country" (I'm guessing you mean the US). There's more to shorts than this: http://www.sandalandsoxer.co.uk/linus+andrew.jpg I'm from Europe and especially during the summer you can see people dressed like this: http://www.menfashionhub.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/men-... Some of them even go to work like this, especially if they don't work directly with customers and their companies don't have business attire requirements. > Desktop Linux is definitely still maturing... You're such an optimist. https://www.jwz.org/doc/cadt.html c 2003 It's hard to believe that with such a low population, no industry and no agriculture humans could have made a real impact on climate change. I was replying to: > Maybe this latest global warming/climate change, is not the first time humans had an impact on climate? Its certainly not the first time any species had an impact on climate, looking at you cyanobacteria. I don't think curl can mirror. Physical retail and digital retail are wildly different. Now if they port Microsoft Office, we'll finally be able to say: "hell hath frozen over". If past Microsoft is any reference, most of the software is cross platform. It is designed from the start to be cross platform. It's just that they never bothered to actually port it to anything other than Windows. Of course, bits and pieces might be tied to a platform and the dependency chain might drag other parts down, but overall Windows, Office, etc. generally have some sort of abstraction at the lower level that could theoretically allow porting to any platform. I'd say that it is unlikely, but I wouldn't call it impossible. Most of the recent moves out of Microsoft seem to point at a large strategic shift, away from Windows. In the past the Windows division had an iron grip on Microsoft, it seems to be loosening (see .Net port, VSCode, etc.). Some things are already available, see this: https://github.com/jenkinsci/workflow-plugin/blob/master/REA... Modular things also have drawbacks. They need to be versioned, deployment is a lot more complicated, etc. I feel that in the case of .NET Core claiming that the changes were cloud-focused is valid. After all, .NET was already in place and Microsoft didn't really need to make it that modular. It did do it and it spent a lot of resources doing it, in order to follow its cloud strategy. The advantage is that in time people agree about web standards. Good luck getting Visual Basic adopted as an standard ;) Firefox most likely holds a lot of data, for various reasons. Start a new instance with a clean profile. I doubt it will go over 100mb, probably less. A very old joke (circa 1997, when Clippy was introduced): Two engineers are arguing: a mechanical engineer and a software engineer. The software engineer brags: If we were the ones making cars, they'd go twice as fast as they do now and they'd use half the fuel! The mechanical engineer replies: Yes, but if you'd want to break in case of an emergency you'd get a pop-up saying: Are you sure you want to break? Yes/No/Cancel. Not really, you just have to use the Profile Manager: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/profile-manager-create-... But yeah, you could do it the hard way, by removing/renaming the .mozilla folder. Lua, I think. Probably the same way Yahoo did it, who also had those features and now is close to the dumpster. Lack of focus, I guess? Javascript is evolving and it also has probably the largest number of developers in the world (both those working on JS VMs/tools and JS users). Given that there are Cobol users still out there, it's entirely likely that JS will outlive both of us and maybe even our species :) Plus JS is one profile away from becoming a very sound language. And it's not like it hasn't moved that way already (strict mode). I think it's a real shame the Python + Qt aren't more developed as a solution for creating cross platform mobile apps. At the moment there are several community efforts but most of them are half baked and have little adoption :( Spam? The link says the domain is available... This site is temporarily unavailable If you manage this site and have a question about why the site is not available, please contact Domain.com directly. :( The book's description is ridiculous: > The next Bill Gates will not build an operating system. The next Larry Page or Sergey Brin won’t make a search engine. Copying others takes the world from 1 to n, adding more of something familiar. But when you do something new, you go from 0 to 1. Tomorrow’s champions will not win by competing ruthlessly in today’s marketplace; they will escape competition altogether, because their businesses will be unique. Both Gates and Brin "copied" existing ideas and improved them. CP/M and Altavista (I think?). So both examples are of people going from 1 to n, not 0 to 1 as they seem to be suggesting. Going from 0 to 1 brings you a lot of praise for being a pioneer or innovator, but rarely money. Going from 1 to n seems to at least as hard and it's where the money is. Aren't most of those application bugs? For example, I don't see why the check boxes should be clipped in any web application, since in their default configuration (no CSS), they aren't. So the Hipchat CSS borked the default widget.