Because on LinkedIn everyone is sucking up to prospective employers. That's the one and only reason it exists. Because of this everyone uses their real identity. And because of that it's also the most boring and fake social media platform around. Exactly. Look for China as an example where this is already happening today. They probably do but I guess many people have their profiles set to "Friends only". And on Twitter people don't usually use their real name. You can't use rainbow tables for WPA because the SSID is included in the hash. So the same password will result in a different key for different networks. Wow that's totally what I have too. I didn't think there was a name for it. I mean the delayed phase sleep disorder. Will talk to the doc about it. This is exactly what I fear: everyone outsourcing their filtering to a handful of big companies. These companies will then have the definitive say on what is posted online and what isn't. The Chinese will be jealous of our new censorship machine. They weren't effective. The same has already been implemented through a loophole with Canada (CETA) so US companies can already force their lower standards on us through their Canadian subsidiaries. Simple distraction and switch and playing into the mindset that Canada has somehow ties with Europe and is therefore 'good'. It's amazing how they get away with these things. Not really :) Consider a VT100. It could only go up to 19200 baud, and couldn't actually handle constant streams at that speed . However I do agree with the general message of the article. Current UX is a mess, websites are overblown by tons of javascript. There's no reason there should be loading spinners in this day and age with the power we have at our fingertips. Yes there was that but it also just couldn't handle the full speed continuously. It depended a lot what kind of commands were sent. Full text was fairly OK but drawing commands took a while as far as I remember. In any case, flow control was a must-have in those days. Either CTS/RTS or at least XON/XOFF I used them for my private VPSes but they became too big and business-like. I moved to Scaleway now, it's still in a much earlier stage, cheaper and with unlimited bandwidth. I like the way you can still talk directly to their guys on slack to ask questions. However they're becoming big too. I hope they'll still love us and I don't have to move again soon :) Wow... They can now move icons around. Seriously, if this is nowhere near the usability of Ubuntu Touch, which was abandoned because it didn't have a chance, how can this succeed? The first iPhone in 2007 could do this. Don't get me wrong, I would love to see a truly open Linux-based smartphone OS happen without the involvement of big business. I just don't think it's going to happen. If anyone has a shot it's sailfish and even that was too barebones to use last time I tried it (about 3 months ago), even with the Android compatibility layer. I actually like Reddit for this. Not being locked in the same circle with the same baby pictures etc. Of course it depends a lot which subreddits you use. Some are toxic. The more technically oriented ones are fine in my experience. I wonder if people will ever quit Facebook.. I mean after all the stuff that's happened and they still haven't. We had a discussion about this recently in my Spanish class. Someone asked me for my facebook and when I said I closed it long ago they were all like "eeewww privacy freak". So I explained my reasons, the abuse of personal data, the manipulation of the masses (Cambridge Analytica) and the others immediately sprang to life saying how horrible it all is. And turned out to have good knowledge of the facts. But yeah, it's so easy to stay in touch with friends.. Well yes I know, as an expat it's not easy without it. Still, their initial "ewww" reaction really surprises me considering their apprehension at Facebook's practices. Yeah annoying but you can click through to the site at the bottom without having to sign up ("Move on to site"). Well, Mozilla is in a hard place. They're already losing browser marketshare, and they don't want to annoy people by breaking stuff. A lot of these people use Google and Facebook services and don't understand when these sites get broken. That'll give Firefox a bad name and hurt its marketshare even more. uBlock origin is a third-party project they don't control so I can't blame them for not including it. I agree about the analytics and telemetry though. Smaller codebase means less chance of bugs. But I agree, it should really be audited properly before this statement can be made. Wow, 10k$/month is a lot more than a 'sustainable full-time job' would pay :) At least here in Europe. But of course what he's getting now ($1212) is nowhere near that. Ok I didn't know that. I heard IT wages in the US were good but I didn't think they were that good. Here in Spain you're doing well with $2200 and that's a senior position at a big multinational. Those greenhouses are the size of many football fields.. Putting tarps over them is a job that will take many days :) But yeah shutters or something smarter (like two-state glass) should work IMO. I think you even get glass that can switch to mirror mode. From the article: "From former schoolmates who now work in the medical profession, I learned that medical workers were not given medical supplies and were exposed to a risk of death. Many people wonder: Why didn't they go on strike? It is because they were informed that if they went on strike, their licenses to practice medicine would be revoked and their family members' jobs would be affected." I'm sure that this kind of thing will not happen in Germany and UK. It's not really the handling of the virus situation, it's his realisation that he's living in a totalitarian state that he's writing about. Oh that's a blast from the past. I used to use this all the time for testing international calls. "Welcome to Moviefone, brought to you by the new york times!" Thanks for making this! :D It would be, but how do you go through the whole install every time you need it? It's like the Ozone layer and acid rain. Climate sceptics often use these as an excuse. "Yes but there was sooo much hubbub about those and it proved to be nothing". Well, yes it is nothing now because it was decisively and effectively handled. The ozone layer is still recovering but on a steady path there, and acid rain is reduced to the point of not really being an issue anymore (at least in the western world!). Stuff really would have gone wrong with Y2K. Maybe not armageddon but yes. There was a problem. Who wrote that article? It reads like Chinese that was put through a bad version of google translate. I mean really who uses 'cum' in an official article (even though it's not in an NSFW context and technically used correctly). It's a word that has fallen into disuse because its 'other' use has taken over its association entirely :) You won't find this in a serious publication. And this "Distance reconnaissance: 400 km with 20 m wrong; Number of goals can stick to 200 targets simultaneously." Whatever it is, this ain't English. Oh dear.... Never heard of this but I'm glad the cold war is over. "Alright chaps, let's bury some 10 kiloton nuclear mines in Germany in case the Russians come.", From wikipedia: "deny occupation of the area to an enemy for an appreciable time due to contamination" "It was judged that the risks posed by the nuclear fallout and the political aspects of preparing for destruction and contamination of allied territory were too high to justify. " Ummmmmm yeah WOULD YOU THINK??? "One particularly remarkable proposal suggested that live chickens be included in the mechanism. The chickens would be sealed inside the casing, with a supply of food and water; they would remain alive for a week or so. Their body heat would, it seems, have been sufficient to keep the mine's components at a working temperature." Ok...... Now I'm really wondering if the Soviets were the crazy ones. I really haven't seen it in that context for the last 15 years or so :) Maybe it's just me :) But really the whole article reeks of Engrish, it's not just that. Just wondering, I use a CPAP machine... If I were to get this, could I use that to keep going at home? (Perhaps with a higher setting). It sounds like the same thing. CPAP masks do leak air but contamination doesn't really matter as I live alone. Yeah I hate ZOOM sooo much. First there was the issue with them turning on the camera by default. At least you could turn that off. Then there was the spyware they installed on every Mac without even asking for consent. And now this... Since the spyware thing I refuse to install their crap on my machine, but one of our suppliers still uses it and the web client is very choppy.. But they'll just have to put up with it. I'm never installing it again. Yeah that's an issue with many 'modern' apps. MS Teams does the same :( I really preferred slack but now that MS throws Teams in for free we have to cope with that. I still use RSA mainly because Yubikey doesn't support them yet with OpenPGP keys.. I felt the increase in security usage was a worthy compromise to using RSA with a key length that's not yet broken. I think Fido2 mode does support it but I don't know whether I trust Fido2 fully for SSH.. Especially because it seems to still store a private key locally, which defeats the whole purpose of using a hardware key (I saw this here: https://developers.yubico.com/SSH/ ). The whole idea is to not have the private key anywhere but inside the token itself. It's also a bit early in development where RSA has proven itself. It has some known weaknesses (including high quantum computing vulnerability) but they're well understood. Ouch... Nasty stuff. I had no idea. Thanks for explaining all this in plain English because that paper is Chinese to me :) Nice, I like this!! It should be standard in Kali :) Azorian is not news though, even in 2017 it wasn't :) This is why something serverless is needed. Then there is nobody to sue. I feel you man. I live in Spain and we have been in this since the 12th of March. I live alone and it's horrible. It's a total nightmare. I'm not even sure what's the point of living anymore. The virus can't be that bad. I really miss walking in nature, there's mountains nearby and I always walked there to clear my head. Now the walls are coming at me. I really wish they would let us go out but with care (observing the 1,5m etc).. Like in other coutries with more sane politicians. This is extremely cruel. I'm sure it's very safe and all but this is killing me inside too. Literally if this lasts a few more months I will not be able to live with it. The first few weeks I spent time cleaning up and doing some online learning but the constant state of extreme anxiety makes this impossible now. I wish I could just go in a coma for a few months (or years, however long it takes). Yeah well at least you can go out to run. Here in Spain we're completely imprisoned :( It's a nightmare and really detrimental to our health (especially mental). I'm actually trying to work 24/7 as much as possible because it keeps the anxiety at bay a bit.. But there's 4 days off from tomorrow which is going to be the hardest yet. And the government just announced they want to extend it until at least the 10th of May. I'm already contemplating the point of life and the company scaling down our jobs is also not helping. The economy is a huge problem. And the lockdown is literally killing me mentally. I'd rather take a 1% chance of dying from the virus than a 25% chance of killing myself if this lasts a few months more. And I'm only 1 month in now. Well look how the countries with decent healthcare are fairing, like Germany. Not many deaths per infected people. And the nordic countries. Look how Spain, Italy and France are fucking up after spending year after year cutting funding to healthcare ever since the 2007 recession. So yes it is their failure too. Maybe not totally as nobody could have prepared for this, but governments have been seeing healthcare as an 'indivual's problem' rather than a 'community problem' for far too long. Yeah for me the worst is not knowing how long this is for. And the complete refusal to relax even a little bit. If I could just go out for a walk on my own... This would give me so much stability and would compromise nobody. There's mountains nearby where I can walk for hours without meeting anyone. But I need to walk a couple km through the city to get there and the chance of getting caught is too high. I don't really have any annoyances to be honest. Just complete anxiety :'( I'm not worried about the virus at all. The solitude is literally much more life-threatening for me. The lockdown is hitting where it really hurts because I have a strong tendency for depression. Yeah indeed, videoconferencing is super depressing. I completely stopped doing it (except for work), as it enforced my emptiness even more. You're right :'( The day the lockdown was announced I was gearing up for a big walk in the mountains but people were already getting scared and my friends advised me not to go.. Which I followed. I soo regret not going now. Make the most of it while you can! Well, I can't really blame the population for not taking it seriously. Even the Spanish government talked it down strongly. And to be fair, it could have fizzled out like SARS version 1 did in the early 2000's. This is SARS version 2 after all. True, I will probably switch to something like that. The problem with tor I don't like is that it's no longer the lighthouse of freedom it once was. It's too tainted by all the perverts and heavy criminals that abuse its power. The same happened with Freenet sadly and completely killed it for the mainstream public. This "slimy" feeling is slowly corroding tor as well. I can't help but feel it does need some kind of control, not identification of peers but some kind of banhammer. Also, the anonimity tor/tox provides is not really needed as I'll use it to communicate with people who know who I am anyway. Finally, tor isn't exactly serverless either. Governments could shut it down if they wanted to. But I think they rely on it too. I'm sure they run exit nodes to keep tabs on things and I'd imagine they use it for communication with their own spies. After all, it was invented by the US government itself for such reasons. Lexapro does pretty much nothing for me :( But I'm only on 10... If I could talk to my doctor I would definitely ask for more (though I hate the side effects) but it's impossible to get an appointment now :( Ok that is impressive... Very well done. And then to imagine I paid thousands for one back in the day (though my dad's work "PC at home" project). I could have just waited 35 years and spent 1 buck for the ESP8266 :) If you're interesting in building your own you can get a 12" one from waveshare: https://www.waveshare.com/product/displays/e-paper/12.48inch... This is the black/white one, they do a black/white/red one too. But beware, they take really long to refresh (the red color takes several refreshes to appear). And the one with red is on backorder till June. It can be powered by a raspberry pi (or ESP32 or Arduino) and is (much) cheaper than the ereader options of the same size: Only about $170. PS Beware: You can't simply start up a user interface like X-Windows on it. You have to write software to display on it. The display is addressed in 4 separate sections so it's not super easy. Stupid question but why is your username green and all the others' are black? :) Ahh that makes sense, thanks!! I thought it was more like "verified" or something. That will have.... unintended consequences. "Are you afraid of COVID-19 or are you just happy to see me?" :') But seriously, it can't be good to walk around with a boner all day every day. Could be intimidating for women too. And embarrassing for men. Maybe if it's effective to people already infected and in hospital anyway. But I couldn't see this socially feasible as a preventative drug. I never heard of this one.. But really cool. When I read it first I thought it was some Linux distro customised to run Wine, but it looks like they went the full way from scratch to cleanroom re-engineer Windows. Wow! Nice effort. I only use LinkedIn and when I do, I use it in a container so it can't spread its cookies. LinkedIn is pretty mild anyway in contrary to anything Facebook with their tracking pixels. And unfortunately you can't really do without LinkedIn if you want a job in IT. Yeah this is why I'm still against it. I know it can be run safely. But disposing of stuff that can be extremely dangerous for 20.000 years is not as easy. It already eats through the containers it's in and up to date storage facilities are meant to last 100 years at most. They're just storing it now "until we find a safe method for long term storage". Which is really worrying. Plutonium is a lot more dangerous than you let on. It's also extremely toxic. A few dust particles in the lungs are enough to kill a person over time. This is assuming that our level of technology keeps advancing. Given the level of political instability in our world I would take that far from granted. Yes, the Thunderbolt 1 to Ethernet adapter works with ESXi. I use it with my Mac Mini 2011 running ESXi. You can upgrade the memory on the 2018 mini, but yes that's it. Strange that the commit is from 2018 but it was only included in the patch level of February 5? At least Samsung is pretty good about updating patches. Not android versions, no, but at least I still get monthly patches. My S8 already has this one. It's a lot more than just 'looking silly'. The lockdown kills many jobs leading to people losing hope and triggering a recession worse than 2007's. That will have its death toll too. But this situation will also lead to deaths. I already hear the mental hospitals are overflowing. And really, if we would do everything possible to prevent deaths, we would have tackled traffic, alcohol, poverty, pollution etc. In some countries even poor healthcare overall (Trump is still fighting 'Obamacare'). It's not as black and white as this; the virus isn't the only problem in our society. Nice!!! What iOS really needs to make this useful though is a way to project to a proper screen and keyboard/mouse configuration. Like Samsung DeX. Kinda hoping this will happen as they are making the iPad Pros more like a computer. Socialising, not really... It's not as good for socialising than webcamming IMO. I tried some apps like VR chat and altspace but they're too clumsy, and the avatars are too disconnected from the chat taking place. The tech isn't there yet. We need eye tracking, full body tracking and facial expression recognition. It's great for feeling like being outside of the house (we're in full lockdown in Spain) but that's all. Didn't stop them from making Unicode an overcomplicated clusterfuck of combination codes though... Referring to things like this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-width_joiner . It's become almost impossible to build an accurate parser now. You're so right... Unicode is making things too complex, and intruding on various formatting issues. Case in point: The skin tone modifiers. Or this stuff: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-width_joiner There doesn't exist any parser that does it 100% correct. And parsing it is becoming so complex that it's causing bugs and vulnerabilities (it's not a coincidence that so many remote exploits use some kind of unicode to trigger it). 100% agree! I hate snaps and Ubuntu is overdoing it too much now. I've moved to Alpine for servers and Arch for desktop now. Yep I couldn't imagine our Fortune 500 company ever allowing access without it. Microsoft did have a choice. They could simply have hidden the disable auto update (and telemetry for that matter!) somewhere deeper in the OS where non-techie users will never find it. Or even a registry key or whatever. Henry Ford was a total dick and not customer-focused at all. Personally I don't want FlatPak either except maybe for 1 or 2 apps where the sandboxing actually makes sense. It's still a waste of resources just to appease lazy maintainers. Ubuntu went totally overboard with their snaps, putting everything in it trying to force it to become a standard. But FlatPak is not great either even though it is an open standard. It's nice for the 1 or 2 niche apps that aren't available any other way, but for the most part I prefer normal packages. In your own company you're free to do what you want. I can understand the reason for this. Now that most suppliers treat their devices as 'black boxes' and call home to install updates whenever they want, the security team no longer has visibility nor control over this. So much stuff runs Linux which we don't manage but still has to have full access to our network. And public repositories have been compromised and spread malware in the past. So yeah I totally understand this, even though as an enterprise Admin it's a total PITA to manage the root CAs. It does yes, but it also prevents the user changing it (or it changes it right back if they can). But it is possible that the feature requires a domain join to actually work, or perhaps the Enterprise edition of Win10. I didn't look into it. It's annoying having to set up a whole windows domain just to disable this though :( True, LTSB/C is really really nice. It doesn't come with any of the crap/bloatware that MS package in the normal editions either. It's just clean and does its job. I love it. It's just really hard to get officially for consumers. They should sell it to everyone that wants it. And yeah, Ubuntu Desktop is kinda the "Windows Home Edition" of Linux though. Something like Arch, Debian or Alpine won't do this to you. When I want to learn something I usually do so by doing. I try to set a goal of something I want to achieve. Set up a system with Arch linux with full encryption and LVM was something I wanted to do this weekend. I hadn't used that for a few years. I really struggled getting UEFI to work and I could simply have reverted to MBR/BIOS but I really wanted to figure out why it didn't work. In the end I figured it out, and in addition I learned a whole lot about how UEFI worked on the way there. And LVM and LUKS as well as I screwed a few things up and managed to fix them without reinstalling :P I knew about all these, but not to the depth I do now. If I'd just ran through the Ubuntu installer I wouldn't have known this. Doing things the hard way is the best for learning. And more rewarding because you get exactly what you want. I find I pick things up super quickly (at least in the IT realm) so usually I don't do a deep dive until I run into issues. I do try to get a handle on the overall architecture though. So I set things up the right way, and then I figure out the nuts & bolts along the way. I'm not someone for crunching through textbooks. One thing I personally hate is tutorial videos, especially Youtube. I find them paced way too slow, whereas with text you can be super fast. So I never use video learning until I have to. I absolutely hate the stupid automated courses we have to do in work. Like office safety etc we have to repeat every year. They're really made for the lowest common denominator, which is apparently someone who can't understand more than 10 words per minute :( And when you're working on something, try to not use youtube, facebook etc. Don't go looking for distraction. Unless you're really banging your head on the wall on a problem, then it may help to do something else for a bit. And try not to ask others if you can't figure something out. If you figure it out yourself it's more rewarding and much more educational and memorable. It also avoids being "that guy" :) Tracking progress, I can't help with that. I often change my priorities as I go along, leaving stuff half-finished because I found something better or more interesting to do. So be it... I like not having a destination, and having a wide range of knowledge has helped me a lot in my job. What helps is that I live alone and technology is my job and my passion so I'm not struggling for time. I don't really care if I don't finish something if it turned out it wasn't really what I was looking for, or I found something else that was more interesting. I hate using "methodologies", I always think something that someone else invented can't be perfect for me. I like to make my own way. I do sometimes look at them and pick out bits I like. For this reason I also avoid doing certification trajectories. And also because I think they are too much "the world according to" Microsoft/Cisco/etc. I care about technology, not about one particular company's take on it. But anyway, don't take my advice for granted. Find out and then do what works for you. That's my #1 bit of advice. Everyone is different. I'm not very typical actually. I have very low discipline but yet I'm actually very effective (including in my job) because I have very deep interest and motivation. What helps me is just not worrying about the things I didn't finish. What's important to me is the journey, not the end result. Even a failed or unfinished project provided lessons along the way. I really agree with the comment of adamcharnock below who said it should be fun. Absolutely agree. If something is super boring then don't do it unless you absolutely need it for some reason like a better job (but really how much better is it if you're going to be doing something you don't like?) > Additionally, perhaps anecdotally, concepts that you learn have much better staying power in your memory when you have an actual need to learn them. Totally agree there!! A very important point to take away. But the data is fairly static isn't it? You're not constantly updating the blacklists? Well, why not? 60.000 isn't a huge amount for a modern computer. If they're known to contain ads/trackers you want to block, then why not include them? It might make sense though to do a periodic run through them to see if they still exist. That's called PR and spin. Having said that I know nothing of Palantir, today was the first time I heard of it. But I would never ever believe anything a CEO says in the media that can't be validated. Their very job is setting the company in a positive light above all else. Especially when it comes to vague terms about company ideals that can't be proven. And 10 years is an eternity in IT. Remember Google had their motto "Don't be evil". Look how that turned out. That's true... In a way I think this will actually hamper their efforts. After all: With the corona tracing apps, people are becoming much more aware that their data is used to trace them. A lot of people I know are talking about leaving their phones at home when they go out. Considering the carriers have had this data forever and are probably sharing it, this awareness is a good thing for privacy. It does now but it's possible it was bought before that time. Would the Go 2 run Linux OK? I had a Surface Pro 3 for a while and though I got Linux running on it, I never managed all the tablety stuff working properly. Rotation, Pen + Touch input (at the same time without randomly cutting out!!), auto keyboard popup on input fields with no keyboard connecting, the keyboard actually working after being removed and reconnected, etc etc... It was a great machine but Linux lacked support for this type of support in many ways. I wonder if this has improved as this was many years ago when the SP3 was just out. Probably true too though. One of the problems with MS' approach is trying to get a "one UI fits all" approach which just doesn't work, the usecases between tablet and desktop are too different. Even Apple hasn't made this mistake and they're all about simplicity and consistency. Yes, tablet mode on Win8 was good! The problem was ramming it down the throat of all the desktop users too. I still don't understand how such a big company can make such obviously bad decisions. Yes and it's not like they're going anywhere. Especially on the keyboard the cable is a non-issue IMO. I highly prefer wired keyboards. The only reason to have a wireless keyboard is liking the look of a total wire-free desk (which I don't care about). And with the mouse it's just a minor annoyance (empty batteries are a bigger one so I have that wired too). That's a bit difficult right now :) Seriously, since we have been in lockdown for 2 months my wrists are much more sensitive. I did use the powerball for a bit but I don't have the patience for brainless exercise. I love walking in nature. Oh, WiFi worked fine for me even then! Thanks for the feedback! I hadn't heard much about IPFS but the way this is built, with the immutability and hash keys etc, sounds very much like FreeNet. That's the first thing I thought of, and predates this by about 20 years. I remember when that promised to be the next big thing and save us from the commercialisation of the internet that was in full swing then. Unfortunately, that didn't turn out very well. Let's just say the 'fringes of free speech' took the upper hand and really started defining the platform in the public view, to the point of being strongly associated with the platform. Why would you run a node if it was mainly used for horrible stuff. Same as what happened to tor services, but to a bigger extent. I really believe in the idea freedom of speech. But some kind of control is unfortunately needed. Otherwise a platform like this will always spiral out of control and kill itself. I think it's one of those things that sounds great in theory but doesn't work in real life. Perhaps some kind of user voting could be implemented, but it would be extremely slow, too slow to catch up with new content being published. It's a very hard thing to tackle. Free speech is unfortunately not as black and white as its advocates like to see it. Yes, the drop shadows introduced in Win98 (IIRC) really helped readability of filenames on top of desktop wallpapers. It was a much nicer method than just backgrounding the text with a fixed colour like Win95 did. I can't wait for this one!!! Especially now with the current lockdown :( X-Plane 11 doesn't quite cut it. However it will have to support VR otherwise it's a non-starter. Thanks! I hadn't heard of this method. One question though: What will prevent the ad providers from asking their customers to add an A/AAAA record to one of their IPs? That'll be much harder to combat for an adblocker especially because those IPs will usually be shared with actual content services. Of course this'll add overhead to the visited website manager because the IPs will probably change regularly as they're pointing to cloud services. But I'm sure they'll manage to automate this. I bet this will be the next step in this cat & mouse game. Price-wise it'll probably be a no-brainer. Even though a pi can come as cheap as 2 or 3 coffees. A zero is sufficient for pi-hole. But it's about taking control too. Personally I wouldn't like taking a service even if it were free, over hosting something myself, especially when it's made as easy as Pi-hole does. Yeah that docker is great! Though it lags behind a bit, it's still on 4.2.2. They recommend the AdGuard Home one now... That's why they have replaced it. I also don't like it as AdGuard is a commercial company, and I have zero need for the added features like parental control. But I don't really care, I run all the dockers that have nothing to do with home assistant outside of hassio anyway. I do exactly that, though I run my VPN in the cloud (a scaleway instance which is only 3 euro per month). Using algo for the vpn: https://github.com/trailofbits/algo . I can highly recommend it! Though I had some issues with play store updates being blocked but that's resolved now. Unfortunately google play services are essentially one big spyware collection so it makes sense for it to block them. I also had to manually provision my Android phone on IKEv2 (ipsec), Algo used to provide a strongswan config but unfortunately they dropped this in favour of wireguard. But you can still set it up manually (and on Samsung devices you don't even need strongswan). Wireguard is faster, yes, but my work blocks pretty much every port they don't know, except IKEv2/ipsec because many contractors use it to connect to their work :) > The lockdown protests from people who want to return to work (to be distinguished from the protests from people who want others to return to working for them) are from people who need to work to survive and don't have remote work options - there are other things the government could do to meet the underlying demands besides saying, okay, you can go to work. In general, it's not that they want to leave their house, it's that they have to. That's not the only reason for people to protest it. I can work from home just fine, but the lockdown is really hurting me because I already suffer from depression and the last 2 months of solitary confinement hasn't done me any good (to say the least). I would go to the office if I could, I really need the social contact. I know some others in work feel the same. There wouldn't be that many of us so it would be pretty safe anyway. It would make sense to let the people who are willing to risk it return to work first. To be honest a few more months of this carries a much higher mortality risk for me than that virus. As a result I'm not worried about that. I'd rather run a small (and pretty preventable with hygiene measures) risk of dying free than my mental health declining rapidly from being locked up. I'm careful around other people anyway. I also think the "public health above everything" mentality that's prevalent now is a bit hypocritical, as most countries have been heavily cutting healthcare spending over the last years without much uproar. Trump himself has been gaining popularity by denying people healthcare over the past years (think Obamacare). Overdoing (and criticising others for less actively implementing) the covid measures is just the latest "cool" politically-correct thing people want to be seen doing. Like when everyone was buying electric cars to show how much they cared about the environment (even though not buying a car but using public transport was still a lot better for it!) What I mean is that here there's been a lot of threads in the local forums of people speaking shame about others not wearing masks, some people have even started logging statistics and taking photos. Whereas masks are not mandatory here and are in fact very hard to get. I just hate that 'holier than thou' attitude. The situation in the hospitals is now well under control here, which is what we were told it was all about. Well, the problem with providing a platform for truly free speech is that there's always someone ready to find that extreme niche that is really not acceptable to even the staunchest free-speech advocate. As you say, the 'almost' is an important thing. As soon as you permit everything, someone crazy will find that niche and start overflowing your platform with it because they have nowhere else to go. I'm not doing the demonizing, just pointing out that this inevitably happens. PS: Who's against lesbians??? I'm pretty sure they are by law protected against discrimination, including the US? Oh that's too bad... I suppose this has to do with their console focus (considering the Xbox doesn't do VR). Otherwise, I don't understand why anyone would make a simulator now without VR. It makes the difference between day and night. I don't think it's live on latest. I just did a fresh pull again (I did it a couple hours ago too) but I don't see the new bar graphs nor the local DNS option. Edit: Oops I didn't wipe the container. Works now! I know. But still I would prefer something a non-profit or volunteer-driven project over one from a for-profit company. Especially in the adblocking business where investor concerns are very likely not going to be aligned with consumer interests. It's not about it being free, I support several free open source projects with donations. I just don't like the clashing interests. For me that means Firefox, uBlock Origin and pihole (though I ran dnsmasq myself for a while, I like what they've made of pihole now, it's come a long way!) Thanks, I agree with you and I like your writeups with references.. Will keep your blog on my reading list! But can it do a drive-by??? This is so true... Youtube is kind of the new blog because so many people don't like writing but they love seeing themselves on screen. This made it too commercial. All the top youtubers do it just for the sponsorship. People like Linus Tech Tips etc, all this "check this out from our sponsors" crap. It really put me off Youtube. The only ones I still watch are zero punctuation and EEVBlog. Dave is also doing it as a job but at least he didn't become annoying. Besides, I really prefer to read over watching videos as I can do it at my own pace. Except in cases where a lot is shown like EEVBlog, it makes sense there. But easy platforms exist. Wordpress is still there :) You just have to keep it up to date like a hawk. Yeah the backup is really bad... WhatsApp put so much effort into the E2E encryption and then just dumped the backups on Google. It was all just window dressing. I bet this is also why the intelligence agencies aren't pounding on them for having E2E encryption, obviously Google is an open book to them. And Google has access to all your history for their own purposes. Of course you can choose to turn off the backups, but you can't be sure all your contacts are doing the same. Skype is still way better for those. I use both regularly, WhatsApp has choppy video and phone-like audio whereas Skype has smooth video and HQ audio. I only use WA with contacts that don't have skype. How is this still IRC? :) I'd prefer to see more expansion on the IRC protocol side rather than clients adding their own non-standard augmentations. Things like server-side scrollback, connection persistence without a bouncer, push notifications for mobile would be great. I currently use Quassel server with QuasselDroid app to achieve these things with works well but again it's a client thing only. IRCCloud does a similar thing though not self-hosted. I'd love to see IRC make some big strides like it did in the 90s. I don't care about video etc though. It shouldn't become another whatsapp or facebook messenger. Though embedding pictures would be useful. I know IRCv3 is a thing but development is way too slow and isn't really taking the new requirements of the mobile world into account. But clients adding proprietary stuff that only works with themselves has nothing to do with the idea of IRC. Also funny that the "Soviet Enemy MiG-28"s from Top Gun were in fact F-5's with red stars painted on them, making that a bit less far-fetched :D I never knew they actually captured one of those. I really respect ADS-B exchange choosing to not block anything like the commercial alternatives do. Those block anything military and many private jets etc from their views. Basically anyone who asks is excluded from view. Of course anyone with a $10 RTLSDR stick can see this info too but ADS-B exchange make it much more accessible. Yes you can see also that the shockwave arrives at the camera more than a second later. Sounds great! I hope there will soon be a plugin for Home Assistant for this At the moment I use openweathermap but interested in better ones. I used to do all my notetaking in Tomboy. It had very few features (no embedding of pictures even) but it was lightning-fast and you could add links on the go just by typing them. One of the big benefits was that there were keyboard shortcuts for literally everything. However the application was deprecated and the "NG" version of Tomboy didn't have the same performance. I moved to OneNote for the pictures which didn't help. I find snapping screenshots of meeting is much less helpful to memorise them than trying to filter them down to a few lines of written summary during the meeting itself. It requires more active listening rather than the practice of "let's snap all the slides in case I ever need to look at them later" Unfortunately all the recommended apps here seem to be Electron which tend to be slow and wasteful and have poor keyboard control. I don't think this will work for me. But in general, the practice of notetaking itself is in my opinion more important than the linking and method of storing them. It helps store information in our brain which is the fastest database we have :) This blog seems to be down. Yeah I can't deal with the new keyboards myself. Especially the butterfly ones, but even the new redesigned ones are too thin for me. Edit: Lol, the page works again and the keyboard is the one thing he does like :) I can't imagine this but I did notice the new keyboards are highly polarising. Some people love them, some hate them (like me). I really love the keyboards on the thicker thinkpad laptops I use in work as well (I use many computers in work ;) ) In addition you now have to pay full price for upgrades as everything is soldered, and the platform is being dumbed down to the level of iPad Plus. I'm just not really interested anymore. I still use them for work (with external keyboard) but the attraction of a great strong POSIX compliant platform with a good user interface is long gone. It's not really static. It's actually induction of the transformer (probably to parts of its shielding) that can't be released to ground. You can tell because it immediately disappears when you unplug it. Static electricity would take longer to build up. And generally will not build up in metal objects but rather in insulators. Lol... A bit late to grow a conscience isn't it? Better late than never I suppose. But it's clear Facebook has always been rotten to the core. After the Cambridge Analytica thing, Zuckerberg practically lying in inquiries... Yeah we all chipped in and got a Nespresso machine :P That's quite contrary to the whole CCC philosophy though of freely sharing knowledge. But indeed he linked to it himself. One thing I don't like about Signal though, is that he forbids third-party clients. It's a bit contrary to owning your information, which is one of the points he makes in the talk. One of the reasons I want this is to integrate all my chats into one single app - there's too many apps right now screaming for attention. That's why I'm more a fan of Matrix, which is truly open. Gas powered model engines are not that unreliable, even for model airplanes. One made it all the way across the atlantic: https://amablog.modelaircraft.org/amamuseum/2017/03/29/trans... Ok, the first 4 were lost but this is a huge journey with limited fuel and bad weather. And navigation was a problem too. The big benefit of gas powered in larger vehicles is both the easy fast refueling and the higher energy density of fuel. Combustion engines for model airplanes are heavier than their electric counterparts because you can only scale things down so much, you still need to contain a constant fire and the associated pressure. And in this usecase the slow recharge isn't really an issue anyway. It also makes sense for marketing reasons, being 'green'. Even though if fuel were used, you could probably run this entire company for a year on the fuel a semi truck would burn to drive 100km :) I don't think it would be a bad thing for the environment if a company like this would use fossil fuel, it's still a lot less wasteful than the alternatives. Nor reddit by the way! I think platforms are OK to publish this as long as it's behind an "NSFW" wall/toggle. But platforms like Facebook choose not to have one (not to mention that the policy of real names isn't really compatible with posting NSFW content) This isn't really equivalent to a kindle though. The fonts are basic, there's no enclosure. Fonts are a huge thing for eReaders and Amazon has spent a lot of time perfecting them. It's also important to remember that it's perfectly possible to use the Kindle without DRM. You can just put your own books on it with a cable, though you'll have to convert them to MOBI as it doesn't do ePub. The same can be done with other brands like Kobo, which can take raw ePub. Also, the Kobo's can be pretty easily modified as they just run plain Linux, I'm running PyGame on an older one. The entire OS was simply on an internal SD card so really easily modified (though not sure if the new ones can be modified too). I think the problem with DRM and ebooks is not the readers. It's the availability of books without DRM... Basically the "GOG" of eBook stores. Even if you have an open eBook reader, where are you going to get the books from? I think for the reader, I would prefer to buy commercial hardware as look and feel is an important thing for a device you will interact with a lot. Similar to the way us Open Source aficionados don't build our own laptops, but do use free software :) This is macOS. Every major and some minor versions are breaking, especially from an enterprise point of view :) Good! I always thought it was a stupid name as it was associated with violence. I would mostly view the term in a negative light. Why use it for an app you're proud of? I would object to it being called Matrix though as it's only one of the many Matrix clients. It's already becoming too major IMO :) This is probably a result of most Matrix development being done by Modular, but it should remain a multi-client network as that's one of its strengths. They already called it Vector before, not sure what was wrong with that. Was a much better name IMO. Strong link with the name of the Matrix network. Anyway I wonder what the new name is. Yeah it was an excellent name. Strong link with the "matrix" network and no weird associations with violence like Riot. I always assumed it was some trademark crap that made them drop the name Vector but I don't think they ever communicated the reason. It's very hard to find some name that's not trademarked by someone somewhere, or even a close resemblance to it. Consider the eelo Android distribution, they had to change because one tiny consulting company had a trademark for something resembling it (not even the same name, and not the same industry at all!) Yeah but consider other brands that are mainstream now. They sound kind of stupid too.. I mean.. Google? Yahoo? Go Daddy? Duck Duck Go? Really I wonder how these made it past initial adoption sometimes :) I think the name is not so important as long as it doesn't have a negative context. It's more about the overall brand identity. And now they're household names. Thanks, great to see they feel that way too! I still think Vector was a great name for a Matrix client. I don't think it would put off non-techies really, but I'm looking forward to seeing what you're coming up with! I'd really love a proper IDE that works inside a terminal, I suppose this won't either? What I'm looking for is something like VS Code but that does its window drawing using curses. Not something as barebones as vim or emacs. VS Code for terminal would really describe it well. It would be really handy to be able to jump into a remote machine and work on code that way without much lag or the need for heavy GUI stacks Basically just VS Code but in a terminal window. Really wish something like that existed (or maybe it does but I don't know about it). Yeah $35 is nothing really. If I end up using it I'd gladly pay that to support them, even if I don't use it commercially. Look at what something like Visual Studio or IntelliJ cost for a commercial license :D This is nothing. Thanks for the tip!! It sounds like something difficult to learn and set up though :) That's one thing I like about VS Code, it's quick to get into. Do you have any guide to get started? Thanks to you also! I can learn vim (better), that's not a huge problem (and it has some really useful shortcuts for stuff that take ages to do in a visual editor). I'm just not looking forward to figuring it all out if you know what I mean. Not trying to be critical but it does sound like a lot less accessible. Just to give some background: I'm not someone that spends hours in an IDE every day. I'd just like something to easily install and that I can just jump into, and that makes less frequently used features easy to find with a menu or something. Basically VS Code but then ideally in a terminal so that I can run it inside tmux, and so it will work fine over a slower connection. VS Code, while suboptimal IMO with its Electron implementation, does show the way for an accessible IDE with great support for plugins. Even someone who doesn't use it daily can figure it out. But it's GUI only :( I don't envy you... And as a software dev you don't want to be spending hours on legal stuff either. I do love the way you have the price so low. Oh I didn't know of that, that sounds interesting. I'll give that a try, thanks! Thank you so much! Will try this out. I wonder where he is getting the data from. I'd love to have live data from the Barcelona subway network. It happens a lot that I arrive at a station and a train is just leaving. During peak hours they go every couple of minutes but later at night it could be 10 minutes. Well yes but that's all part of the popularity. When a consumer would google "Go daddy" before the company was popular, they probably wouldn't find much unless they had safe search off ;) A "Yahoo" is kind of a weird person if I understand the term correctly, or a statement of joy. Searches for that wouldn't have turned up anything else until the company got big. And Google, it would probably turn up a wikipedia page about strange looks. In fact it's quite a weird term when you think of it. Though of course wikipedia wasn't around when Google was founded. My point is, this goes for all brands until they're popular. But anyway we know it's not going to be Vector again. Looking forward to seeing the new name. Spain has Verse and Bizum (from Caixabank). WhatsApp does payments??? I never knew of this. In fact I see no sign of it in the app whatsoever. Must be a regional thing? Just wondering (not criticising), why would the government create and run multiple systems doing the same? Is this something to do with the differences between regional states in India? It is everywhere in Europe but there is a problem with IBAN transfers. It exposes a lot of details, like your name and your bank branch, to the receiver. And some sites accept IBAN numbers for small payments without any other kind of authentication. It's an electronic version of the times when we used to mail transfer cards to do transfers, but this day and age needs a lot more privacy protection. Same with other old tech like the phonebook. Who gets themselves listed anymore? It leaves you open to way much spam and scammy crap calls. I'm surprised nobody has mentioned this but you can also use a hardware FIDO2 token for Webauthn. Like a Yubikey. This is ideal if you use many computers. If you need to sign in on a borrowed computer you visit the site, it'll ask you to insert the yubikey (if not already), you enter the PIN code and touch it, that's it. I believe a yubikey with fingerprint instead of PIN (or additionally? Information is scarce on it) is also coming. Great to see Apple is focusing on Webauthn this time instead of rolling something themselves that only works inside their walled garden. Android is doing the same thing: Android phones are now also capable of being a FIDO2 authenticator for Webauthn. Now what we need is many more sites actually offering it :) I'm already using it for Office 365 but that's really the only one so far that I use that offers it. Thanks! Yes TMB has an API, I looked at it before but it only provided scheduled service times, not live data like you can see on the boards in the station. But I'll have another look! Another thing that Symbian did really really well was networking. You could choose per app which connection they should be using, or even a group with order of preference. So you could get your work apps to only work over WiFi, some apps always go over VPN, some always use 4G even if WiFi was active. It was brilliant because all these connections could be active at the same time. Apple and Google are only just catching up to this now with tricks like Per-App VPN but it still doesn't offer the same level of flexibility. Yeah it was a bitch to develop for... I tried it for a bit but then they started including J2ME and I switched to that. It wasn't as good as native but it worked. And was one hell of a lot easier to develop in. I have the Jelly 1 and am very happy with it. Will definitely go for the Jelly 2. Thickness isn't so much an issue because the phone is so small. It usually lives in the 'coincatcher' in my pocket and I hardly notice it's there. Only issues are battery life and low specs (and no fingerprint!) but the Jelly 2 will solve that. But the Palm doesn't solve any of those issues. No fingerprint scanner. Only 800mAh battery (Jelly 2 has 2000). Much lower specs, 28nm SoC. Single SIM. Just nope. > Rule #2: No feeds or social media apps on the phone. Your phone is always within your reach. Lol I'm soooo not a typical person. My computer is always within reach. My phone is usually on the charger while I'm at home :D, I didn't use it much at all during the quarantine. Why use a 6" screen when I have 24" 4K multi-monitor goodness? But I agree, I banned FB, Twitter out of my life and even deleted my reddit account. I just lurk on reddit now in a few dedicated groups, that's all. I do like HN though, as it's usually about actually interesting stuff and good discussions. Unlike Twitter and FB where it's the opposite. On reddit it really strongly depends on the community you're in :) But I never feel like I waste my time on HN, every time I visit it I feel like I've learned something. And I just love the information density. No scrolling through lots of whitespace and superfluous pictures. Uninstall? That's a bit heavy.. Lot of work setting all that stuff up again every time. PS: If you use an Android mobile you can use a Work Profile and switch all your work stuff off with one click. If you use a computer you probably have a separate one for work which can also switch off easily :P I wonder where this is from. First thought was Fukushima. As they say it's from a civil nature. It's very far from the Baltic though. Wouldn't really be possible. Or one of the many nuclear subs that have sank perhaps? I believe most ship reactors are quite similar in design to civil power plants, just much smaller. Definitely my 24". I'd have to sit too far from the 50" TV. But I wasn't really clear in my post. I don't actually have 2 4K monitors. What I have is 1 24" 4K screen in the middle (fairly cheap LG one), and on each side I've got 2 old Eizo L568's, 17" 1280x1024 in 4:3 format. They're almost as tall as the 24" widescreen, but they're low-DPI. macOS deals with this the best by far, on Windows I have scaling issues. This works well for me as I can have the main content I'm working on in the middle without a split, and on the sides I put stuff I'm monitoring. Like stuff installing on a VM, home assistant, sometimes whatsapp etc. And if I want to focus on something I can just turn them off (each one of them actually uses more power than the one 4K thanks to their CCFL backlights) But I'm just not a big phone user. I spend a good number of hours at the PC/Mac (and Linux - I use all 3) every day, and much less time on my phone. This is not what it does though. It says the private key can't be exported, and this wouldn't be the case if it was just a regular SSH keyfile encrypted using the Enclave's key. Well, not exactly, I use multiple physical keys. Yubikeys and OpenPGP smartcards in my case. I use multiple different types too (the OpenPGP cards are quite cheap too). Very good question. I've been thinking about a central way to manage keys. There doesn't really seem to be one, and it would be a big point of attack because an attacker might abuse it to add their own key. Right now what I do is I just log into my servers and copy the list :P I don't have that many anyway. The openssh people are also advocating certificates now, which means you'll have to set up a PKI, which will take care of revocation and such. Normally work profiles get created by an MDM application but I believe it's also possible to create one locally. I know the appaloosa app can do it. You definitely don't need gsuite. It works with any MDM. We don't use gsuite in work but O365 and it works fine there. Well I think it's mainly because nobody has done AR well yet for the mainstream. The only one I can think of is the Vuzix Blade but that isn't really AR. It doesn't recognise you environment, it just projects a picture in your eye in the same spot wherever you look. I played with the Hololens 2 last year and I certainly can see the benefits. Especially when communicating with someone else. However for $6000 that device is not going to happen for me ;) AR needs an "Oculus Quest" approach to be useful to consumers first. I do love VR as well but I do think there is a big usecase for AR once it becomes good and affordable at the same time. Cool, I'm running a Matrix service like this myself but it's been a bit hit and miss. Keeping all those different bridges running over time is difficult. Especially the signal one is a real PITA, often contacts stop getting my messages from matrix while I still get theirs. And Whatsapp requires whatsapp web so you need to keep the client running on your phone 24/7 or run it in an Android VM which is pretty heavy. And finally the whole Matrix experience is a bit lacking IMO. It doesn't really do 1:1 chats so every time someone chats with you you get a 'room invite' from the bridge, which you have to accept, and all those old rooms stay forever cluttering up the system. I wouldn't mind outsourcing all that work, but $10/month is a lot.. Good idea though! There's definitely a need for this, which is why I've been looking into it too. I'm just getting so sick of all these different chat apps screaming for attention all day, each with their own difficulties. Some don't work on the desktop, others only work on 1 client at a time. And each milking as much data as they can. Why can't people just stick to IRC :) Just wanted to ask: I signed up for the beta but did I commit to anything? I don't mind trying it out, but do we have to pay the $10 from the start and is there a minimum term? Thanks! One other Q: What about E2E security? Will you implement this for the comms between the bridges and the browsers? As I understand it I would run the bridges myself so it would make sense to have everything encrypted. Yes this is another issue. Each bridge has its own way of managing things. In some (like Signal) you have to run a CLI command, in others you have like a bot where you can tell it what to do. It's not really standardized in Matrix. I actually think Slack doesn't bridge very well with Matrix. One of the things I'm having issues with is the threaded chat, where in Matrix every thread appears as individual message replies, leading to a very confusing overview if multiple threads are being replied to at the same time. Also, the API token is hard to get and it says you might get banned for using the 'xoxo-' token. Though I did it anyway :) I was a big fan of Slack until they dropped their IRC bridges, but unfortunately some communities I'm on are still only on there. In particular, I don't understand how people use pirated security software (which Little Snitch basically is). If you're going to have to trust something, it's that. I agree Creative Suite is way too expensive (at one point it was 3000 euros!) But for students Adobe was basically giving it away :) I remember getting a CD for 15 guilders at the time at the university. Which was around 5 euros. Yes, I'm kinda surprised they didn't use the COVID lockdown period to do proper pilot training. Most pilots and planes were basically sitting idle anyway. It's good for them to remain somewhat active. And fuel was given away for pretty much free because the overproduction was filling up expensive storage space. This would have been the ideal moment to teach 737 pilots to properly handle the Max aircraft without needing MCAS. I have had several times. I was even switched to another airline once, they had an issue with their own plane and grabbed a charter :) I believe bigger airline alliances actually have a pool for such mishaps, spare planes with just the alliance branding on them, I've seen them at airports though not sure how the ownership worked. For HN I expected a bit more technical details instead of what's basically an informercial :) It could also be implementation-based. A few years ago they rounded up a ring of crime phones in the Netherlands.. They were using PGP encryption, however instead of each phone generating its own private key, they generated them centrally and kept them in a database. Obviously this introduced a huge vulnerability. The police compromised the server and was listening in (through cooperation with Canadian police as they were using Blackberries) for quite a while before they started kicking doors down :D They basically got all the evidence on a silver platter. I'm surprised someone with the skill to develop such an app and service platform doesn't have the skill for avoiding such common mistakes. Or maybe they weren't able to explain to their users that the fact that they couldn't retrieve their messages after forgetting their pincode is a feature, not a bug. Either way, the police was really happy. https://nationalpost.com/news/canada/canadian-judge-releases... Not saying the same would have happened here, but crypto is hard to implement correctly and the algorithms are only part of the problem. And this kind of network is a massive target for law enforcement because the ratio of criminal users is huge. Really they should have fixed the software instead of telling the user to change it. It's a perfectly valid SSID. And really, using raw environment-derived data directly on the filesystem?? What if the SSID had been "/etc/passwd" or something similar and it wrote to that? Yeah and definitely never use user-derived data directly in your filesystem. The aspect ratio is wrong for the 2 middle resolutions, really bothers me :D PS: I don't think tables are a bad layout option. It's not as flexible as CSS obviously but you could make it scale really well to vastly different UI sizes with a combo of fixed and percentage based dimensions. Most "modern" sites just dump everything in a column in the middle. And scale everything as if everyone is on a fat-finger touch interface. And I do miss the gradient button designs, I hate today's obsession with flatness. Bt that's a matter of taste I suppose. Maybe I don't have any :) PS It should realllly have mentioned the ! Even my $160 "Chuwi" laptop has a 1920x1080 IPS screen, so really there is no excuse for any laptop not to have it, cost can't be an issue anymore. In fact its display is remarkably good.. Much better than the 1366x768 TN crap of my company Thinkpad. Embarassingly for Lenovo. Lol, that's really bad! On native HN in Firefox Windows it also works but it stops at the "reply" button under my post. And on native HN on Firefox Mac it doesn't work at all, strange enough. Firefox must rely strongly on the platform rendering. Yes they're there! They're just not in /etc on a Mac - this is because you can't write there anymore in the latest macOS. Apple has locked that down a lot even before Catalina (system integrity protection) I think they're under /usr/local/opt or something.. This is a homebrew thing, nothing to do with tinc really. I'm not on my Mac now so I can't check, but they're definitely somewhere. Tinc seems to be growing still though. As of a few months there's finally a proper client for Android that doesn't require root! And it works really well. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.pacien.tin... Only thing I have against tinc is that weird Apache logo... It looks so amateurist. Like a clip art pic that has nothing to do with the actual project. Oh thanks, I wasn't aware of that change in Tinc 1.1, I'll try it out. I'm indeed using the distro version, I compliled 1.1 once to have that network view (where you see which nodes are connected) but it wasn't that useful so I didn't bother with it. Didn't realise they simplified the joining also. Though I never thought the joining and revocation was all that difficult anyway. I just have 2 central servers which carry every key, and the others just need to have the server keys. Everything else gets distributed automatically. So keys for clients you can keep on your servers only. You don't have to delete it from all of your clients! I know tinc doesn't really have a client/server concept but I consider clients those devices that aren't publicly reachable (behind NAT) and not used in a ConnectTo statement. And yeah the centralised VL1 "Planet" server in ZeroTier also bothers me. I know it plays no part in the actual access rights to the network and it can't see the traffic content, but still. I just want to run it myself. Yeah, 1.1 should really go into production at some point, it's been in beta for years. It's really a good point you have about a hacker adding themselves to the network. I never thought of that. That could happen with every client so the attack surface is pretty big. It would be great if this feature could be reserved to only certain trusted devices (like the ones I have designated 'servers'). So maybe there is a good point to at least monitor the network activity with this 1.1 feature. Hmm... Thanks for getting me thinking about this! Ah thanks for explaining this! I never knew that's what tinc stood for. Fun fact though: In 1998 there was no worldwide traffic snooping. That only happened with the reorganisation of US and NATO intelligence after 9/11 :) But good future prediction. I do think it would have happened either way. I just feel like tinc undermines itself with this logo. It's hard to take something seriously that doesn't take itself seriously. Even though it's an excellent project. I think something more generic like the logo on the recent android app would do (though probably a bit less generic than that!!) It is actually partially his work (though probably it evolved as such later), see the Singapore Airlines ad campaign from his site: https://www.lucaiaconistewart.com/singapore-airlines But yeah I agree, this kind of tedious repetitive work is nothing for me either. I need to do hobbies I can learn from. While this would have been incredibly educational (about aircraft design, construction, project management etc), it also contains a lot of highly repetitive work like building hundreds of the same seats. No thanks. But anyway I wanted to say that hobbies aren't aways perpendicular to jobs or making money. I've used many things I've learned from hobbies in my job, and in fact my job is pretty much my hobby. And even with unrelated hobbies you can sometimes pull them into your work (as he did here). IMO this is the ideal way to go, yet for a lot of people unfortunately not achievable in this society :( But kudos to him!! Wow, it looks amazing. This is absolutely beautiful!! It speaks for his mindset as I would not have the patience to finish something like this. Besides skill, there's a high amount of perseverance and focus needed that most people don't have. Wow! Apple is doing this now in iOS 14 - not quite hardwired but their OS is so controlled it's nearly the same thing. I doubt an app can bypass it. https://9to5mac.com/2020/07/07/ios-14-what-do-the-orange-and... On Android you have the pop-up phones of course! Sadly they are super heavy... I was checking the Poco F2 last weekend and it's > 200 grams which is really a lot. Great for privacy though (and I really don't care about the front cam much anyway). I'm sure this wasn't intentional though. It doesn't even benefit them in any way. It's not as if they were doing it to steal information. It's just a bug, at least it's known now and they'll fix it. True but there's an app for that (that probably works better than doing it in the browser, otherwise why did they make it?): https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jitsi.meet... Though I have to admit I didn't try. I've only used it on the PC and Mac. I love Jitsi though, for some reason it's sooo much smoother video than MS Teams. Really adds a lot to the communication. I wish I could use it for work, but there it's Microsoft or nothing :P Edit: Oops you were talking about the mic, not the cam.. So the green light I spoke of doesn't apply. I wouldn't be surprised if this feature came to Big Sur too though! But the current beta doesn't have it. Yeah exactly... It just says how to install it. Not what it is or why it should want it ;) It should have a description on their own site, not rely on one in an app store. I wouldn't even click on that until I'm convinced I want it. In fact I didn't, I saw the page, was like "???" and then went to the comments here to read what this was about ;) But yeah I always wondered what Google does with all these calls to the javascript libraries they're hosting... I bet they milk them for data somehow. It's a good effort but I'm not sure I'll install it as I already have so many plugins in Firefox that it constantly complains about slow startup. Oh wow great, I hope this works for me too! I have an LG 4K screen and the LG tool to change brightness and contrast is really terrible, it has some stupid built-in fake Picture in Picture mode which is constantly flashing red borders around the screen when you use it. And the UI is really bad and slow. This little menubar control looks like just what I wanted. Edit: Yes it works great! On my LG24UD58. Perfect! Unfortunately it doesn't seem to work with my Eizo L568 but that's ancient. And I think it had some special USB-based control method. But really glad to be able to get rid of the LG software now. PS: You have to enable the contrast with a tickbox, otherwise that slider is not shown. Oh thanks as well! But my Mac has no brightness sensor (it's a mini). I use the screen with my PC and a raspberry pi as well so I couldn't use an iMac, though I have one at the office (if I ever go back there...). It's really a shame they got rid of the target display function, this would have been perfect :( I manage phones for a big corp. Just want to clarify what's possible. Google highly limits what you can do in Work Profile mode, you can't control much outside the work profile. We can't see the app list on the personal side in work profile mode, BUT we can specify some that are a no-go. I'll show up as a compliance violation. But we can't view the list anymore like we could do with the pre-work profile Android Device Admin management (and still can with Apple). We're not blocking any apps ourselves right now but it is possible. We do grant all BYOD phones access to our network, so for that reason we would want the capability to block any known threats if they are around. We can also control some minor things on the personal side, like a pincode requirement and forbidding of sideloading and rooting. But in general we have very little visibility and control, which is the way I (as an admin) like it too. I only want to know what I really need to know especially on the personal side. We can (and do) also block copy/paste from work profile to personal, as data loss prevention, but we allow it the other way around. In general users complain a lot about the work profile being separate, and not being able to integrate their personal and work calendars.. But for personal privacy it's a big win IMO. Apple has something similar since iOS 13 (called User Enrolment) but it's still a bit too limited to be sufficient for us. And it requires Apple federated accounts which have some requirements that are impossible for us to meet :( In Work Profile mode they absolutely can't do that. They can only remove the work profile side and all apps and data contained therein. Not the personal side. Of course most companies provide phones, but many users prefer to use their own, both for the benefit of having to carry only one, and because they have more choice. Another big benefit of work profile is that you can switch all work stuff and notifications off with one click! I really like it overall, it gives great separation. In work profile mode this is absolutely correct. In other modes (COBO, COPE) it's not but those are much more difficult to enrol, as you have to do it from the setup wizard on a new phone or after a factory reset. So you don't happen to get into this mode by accident. They're only used for company owned phones (this is what the CO part stands for). Some extra info to establish your point which I totally agree with: https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/fxgi06/not_new_news... TikTok is really exceptionally bad in this regard. Yes they do... The problem is some users in Germany actually prefer to use their personal one so they don't have to carry two.. But due to this mindset they can't. I don't think the German approach is always the best. I don't think Apple is the best at this. Yes they limit the things you mention, but they don't limit visibility to things like the app list... This can already be quite revealing in some cases. Google has in my opinion the better approach with work profile. Only give the MDM control and visibility over the work area and nothing else. Apple has started heading into this direction with User Enrolment but it's not sufficient for most companies as it only allows built-in apps to be used for both work and personal data. And it requires Apple account federation which is problematic. I don't really agree... I like the flexibility. Sometimes someone from the US calls me with an urgent problem in the evening (I'm in Europe so not much overlap in work hours). So what... Sometimes I go to the shop or bank during the day. Or even a walk to the beach if it's not so busy. They're paying me to do a (global) job, not to sit at my desk between 9:00 and 17:00. Personally I love this flexibility. And I don't feel like I work more than 40 hours, I don't even count them but I doubt I do, especially if I omit the time I spend during "working hours" reading hacker news or other stuff. My work is my hobby anyway. I do think people who like having fixed work times should have the opportunity to have them. But I also think people like me should be able to work like this without it being considered a bad thing. This wasn't just the clipboard thing though. Some more elaboration: https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/fxgi06/not_new_news... These days Android MDM has changed a lot. In the 'old' days, there was an app called device admin which would control the phone. This app would be supplied by the MDM vendor. This could leverage APIs from various vendors. Samsung had Knox but almost every phone vendor had their own plugin. This was a huge PITA because each MDM feature only worked on manufacturers A and B and very often was limited to OS versions Y and Z. It meant we had to validate each phone and OS version and have a long list of what phones people could and couldn't use. It was a nightmare as an admin. Users hated it because they often only found out after they'd bought the phone. Samsung was indeed one of the best here, I have to agree. Since then Google has thrown this overboard and started afresh with Android Enterprise. Controlled only by Google, and offering new ways of management like the work profile which is basically a kind of "phone inside a phone". Have your work profile managed by work and the rest of your phone to yourself. For company-owned phones they also still have more comprehensive management options like COBO and COPE. But as long as the phone supports Android Enterprise, it supports everything. Sadly some vendors in particular Samsung are fighting this approach because they feel they have invested too much in the old method. For example Samsung won't support Google Zero Touch auto-enrolment, having instead their own alternative Knox Mobile Enrolment. This is again making things more difficult for admins. But because Samsung is such a big party, and KME is free, we have gone for it anyway (Also Google Zero Touch is not available very widely yet, each reseller has to support it) As an Admin I'm glad to see the end of the old management model. It's deprecated as of Android 11 (and already severely limited in 10) but we've already dropped it altogether. And no, for managing Apple phones you don't need a Mac. You just need this for manual installation of management profiles, if you use an MDM you don't need it. However if you want to manually supervise phones (instead of using Apple DEP / or Automated Device Enrolment as they call it now), you do need one. But this is really rare now. Yep it's called MicroMDM. https://micromdm.io/ Only supports Apple though! Not Android. I just tape mine off. Apple webcams are pretty horrible anyway (current generation is even worse than a few ones ago). Noisy and blurry in anything less than ideal lighting conditions. So if I'm on a serious videocall I use an external one anyway. But most of this 'hardware' is still software. Firmware inside the webcam itself, which could also be hacked. Most webcams do report themselves to the OS while inactive, so they are actually communicating with the system (and thus powered) Well Purism laptops have hardware switches for the microphones too. But it's not even just for hackers. Zoom had the SUPER annoying habit of turning your cam on when the meeting organiser selected that everyone should cam. This led to several colleagues being unaware they were being shown at that time. One was even lying in bed and called in from her phone. That's her business, it was 8pm at her location. But now everyone knows. A hardware slider would have prevented all of these real-world problems. My Mac Mini has neither :) Oh which? I haven't heard of others, MicroMDM is fairly common, even used by some smaller companies. I'm always interested as it's my work so I'll probably give them a spin. Well for one, the fact that they do all these things. Some apps do some of these but rarely all of them. The other is the way they hide what they're doing so elaborately. I wouldn't call it a national security concern, no. Someone who works with critical or military infrastructure should have a locked-down phone anyway for work stuff. But really I wonder how this kind of stuff is OK in the eyes of Apple with their self-proclaimed privacy focus. I'm pretty sure if I were to submit an app that does all this, it'll be rejected right away. Popularity seems to overrule that. That the others are doing it too doesn't make it right. Really Apple should take a stand and give all of them 30 days to fix their apps or get banned. But TikTok annoyed me in particular for a long time. Nothing to do with geopolitics, I already hated it before I knew it was owned by China and everyone started banning it. It was just that for the past months every time someone forwarded me a stupid video I was supposed to like, it had a TikTok logo on it. So in my view this became the source of "stupid videos people bother me with". Not exactly a charming quality. Especially with the lockdown it became extra annoying, every day I got multiple stupid lockdown videos and the ones with people doing stupid stuff and then the coffin dancers thing. So that's my personal reason for hating on TikTok. The privacy revelations just sealed the deal. Not saying it's a valid reason for everybody but it's my reason :P Thanks, I definitely will look into those! I've been using Intune at home because I use it at work too and I already had a personal O365 setup. It was nice to have a fully owned instance when I was learning it, but I'm trying to scale back my costs now so something like this might just suffice. I never liked TikTok or this kind of random videos or pics people share. No matter where they came from (it used to be a site called "Dumpert" in the Netherlands before which is also on my "highly annoying" list). I'm just too polite to tell them to piss off with their videos :P That's really the core problem here. But TikTok associates itself by putting their logo on the videos which is something I haven't seen before. We use MDM for a lot more than that, though we don't block any apps. And it isn't all about security either. Some of the things - Auto app installs: We have a lot of apps people need for work, like the VPN, Outlook, Teams etc. And apps they need for their specific location or job role. The MDM takes care of installing those so the user doesn't have to figure all this out. - Autoconfiguration: There's a facility called AppConfig where you can push config settings to apps that support it, making things easier on the end user. - Network (and other settings) configuration: Pushing all the certs people need to connect to our wifi. And we push Per-app-vpn settings for the apps that need it. - Security validation: Do people not have outdated company apps or OS? Do they have the security app (Lookout)? - Security settings management: Make sure people have their phone encrypted and a pincode set so important data is not lost in a taxi. In fact wiping is one of the things that happens very rarely. Especially as we enforce encryption and a decent PIN, it's not as much of an issue anymore to wipe a phone as soon as we can. A lot of users get hung up over our ability to do this, but on Android we can only wipe the work profile anyway (and even on Apple we don't normally wipe the whole device, just the company apps). Unless they call us and ask us to wipe it because they lost it :P But a lot of them seem to think we're just sitting there all day wiping phones for fun. I've seen people doing TV on 13cm. It is possible. It was even easy to receive with a DVB-S box, just omitting the LNB. This was before WiFi so not sure if this is still possible with all the additional traffic on that band. However there's very strict restrictions on playing third-party content like video and music. Yeah also many people have been duplexing over the years, upstreaming on 2m and downstreaming on 70cm for example. That is allowed as long as you mention your call every few minutes. Not just more elitist, also a lot more capable of course. With 4W FM on 11m you're not going to make it across the world (unless in exceptional conditions). But I agree this was never the intention of the license. Ahh I suppose it is in the US. Here in EU it's FM actually. AM and SSB are forbidden. But I know some people import "President" rigs to use it anyway, as the band is hardly policed at all these days. I wasn't aware of that development, but wouldn't the ban on data encryption on HAM bands hurt that usecase? You wouldn't want someone else controlling your drone. Here in Europe long-range drones are forbidden anyway.. You must have line of sight at all times. While this kind of content is not unprecedented (think Shodan.io), I haven't seen a browser with full previews like this.. Nice!! Good official public webcams are pretty rare so this will be useful to look around the world. Many have their location miscategorised though. I saw some with a town name on-screen which was different (but usually nearby) the city listed on the site. They probably do an IP location lookup which tends to be pretty inaccurate. Looks like a great place though I'd pick a hotel with better IT security :P Edit: Actually as it's only an advertising cam for their website they have a valid reason not to secure it :) PS: Living in Spain so I don't have much to complain about. Ah and in this case it actually makes sense for it to have no password. Unlike many of the elevator and office cams I'm seeing ;) I know, that's what I meant, official webcams are rare to find, so it's nice to have some more coverage this way, unofficial of course. Oh man, using that at work could backfire soooo badly :) Imagine someone forgetting to protect the security cams of their meth lab or brothel. Still, I'm surprised they pretty much all have such miserable quality. I used to have one overlooking the river in my mother's house. I spent a lot of time tuning it so it looked really great, both day and night (at night using really long exposure times). I used high quality webcams at first and then the 5MP raspberry cam (later modded with a better lens). But even the "1080p" security cams that cost $200 or more have horrible quality compared to those. They're good for security purposes yes, but I wouldn't use them to advertise the views from a hotel. I really wish there were some really HQ webcams around the world, think 4K or even 8K (so you could zoom in even on a 4K screen), with good night performance, it would be so great to really get a feel for a city. These cams are just so poor. Looks like the traffic here has alerted them ;) It's gone now. Unfortunately COVID is also a major cause of obesity (or at least increased weight and loss of physical fitness). First due to the lockdowns, and now the masks which make it harder to walk outdoors in the heat we have here, and much less appealing to even go outside. I find it very depressing to see all these masked, scared faces trying to scurry away from all these dangerous other people. Yes I wear mine all the time and keep my distance too but I just don't feel like going out anymore in this nightmare. I limit it to a trip to the corner shop every couple of days just like during the lockdown, there's just no enjoyment in life anymore. Even a potential holiday no longer offers an escape from the misery of daily life, as COVID is everywhere. I see in myself and the people I know it's also causing a lot of mental illness issues (usually hidden ones that surface due to all the extra stress of this 'new normal'), and all treatments for things that aren't COVID are at a minimum level around here. We really need to find a real solution soon so we can pick up our lives again. I for one will never get used to this 'new normal' being normal at all and I definitely don't want to. For me life right now is not worth living and the only thing that keeps me going is the hope that it can return to the real normal and I can pick up the pieces of my life. So to be honest, my obesity (and even the risk of dying from COVID itself) is the least of my worries right now. Unfortunately local authorities here (Catalonia in Spain) disagree and enforce the mask even when not close to other people :( Yeah this is what I did but the law was just changed.. Here in Catalonia, Spain there was an uptick in some towns far away from here and they decided to enforce masks all the time in all their communities, and have already stated this will be the case until the crisis is over, which could be years. It's mainly Cheap D-Brand Chinese hardware like external harddrive enclosures that really take the biscuit IMO. For some reason these use ultrabright non-diffused blue LEDS that leave a big blue spot on the wall across the room even in moderate darkness :P They're still stuck in the early 2000's "Wow cool blue LED" era. However, I usually end up fixing that with a bit of black electrical tape. Overal indicators don't bother me. One of them (which was not even a D-brand but more like B-brand: StarTech), I covered once with a Post-It note because I couldn't find electrical type quickly (and the benefit was you could still see the light somewhat). A month or so later I took it off and found that the paper had gone all white from being blasted by the UV light in the blue LED :P Definitely don't want all that in my eyes. I really don't know why they do it. You hit the nail right on the head here. I too am sick of people telling me to accept ubiquitous containerisation (snapd), locking down of filesystems (macOS), overly complex init systems (systemd (1)), lack of server access (manage it via ansible/k8s, not ssh). Usually the arguments given are "it's necessary 'for security'", "this is where everything is going", "you have to trust the vendor". This is not the spirit of Linux or open source. I totally see the effect you mention of paid maintainers forcing projects into their employer's direction. As such I found it sad when even Arch fell to the systemd camp. And it's one of the few things it really enforces, it supports 6 different network initialisation methods for example, where all other distributions just pick one and go with it. (1) I'm not all anti-systemd by the way. I agree init was bad. But I think other systems like OpenRC are way easier to work with. I agree sysvinit was no longer sufficient for today's needs. The issue I have with systemd was mainly related to its heaviness not really fitting in with Arch's simplicity. And with the products of corporatism seeping through even one the most noncommercial variants of Linux. Basically what cwyers mentioned above. I've been putting up with systemd as all the distributions I use have moved to it, but I never really liked it.. I don't like the way the scripts are so far hidden in the filesystem and I don't like journalctl, I prefer having simple logfiles. I discovered Alpine linux recently as a server distro (previously I thought it was mainly developed for docker containers) and I really took a liking to OpenRC. It reminded me that things could still be simple even in a modern init system. I think it would have been a good choice for Arch, for me it would have been better than systemd. I don't even know the other systems you mention, I'm not an expert on init systems.. My opinion is just that of a user. Ooh yes those big extruded aluminium ones with the huge round button. I never had one of those :) I have to admit I kinda enjoy my 'skyline' of flickering lights in my network 'cabinet'. Switches, modems (fibre and 4G backup), a unify router, my home automation raspberry. It really makes it feel like stuff is working away there. But these are all red, orange and green. I have a special hate for those harsh blue LEDs. For some reason they really irritate me. I understand, and it was not my intention to drag the systemd discussion up again. It was just one of the many things I thought of after reading cwyers post which really resonated with me, and the parent article as well. And there are things I do like about systemd, I also have to say. Especially the way you can pass a variable to a server with @, like run 2 instances on different ports. I know very well that the rc scripts were a pain to maintain as I've written some as well in the past. So I really understand the benefit of upstream-provided service configs. The transition to systemd for me as a user was just a bit more difficult. It deviates so much from earlier conventions, and adapting it I found difficult. It enforces a lot more than just the init system. For some reason I always end up having to compile some of the software I use myself, and having to make scripts then. I found this a lot easier with OpenRC than with Systemd (having pretty much no knowledge of either). But anyway I'm just one user and you support millions, I know you're making the right choices for the platform. Thanks for taking the time to reply to me in fact! Lol another reason for me to hate snaps. I didn't yet know that. PS: My other reasons: - Much more resource wasteful - Single store operated by canonical only - No simple updating a library with a vulnerability and having all apps that use that library automatically fixed. - Makes really messy virtual mountpoints everywhere. Just because a supplier wants to have telemetry doesn't suddenly make it ethical to do opt-out (or even forced like MS does with Windows 10!). If they care about their users and it's not possible to have worthwhile telemetry with opt-in, they simply can't have it. To be honest I as a European wouldn't even consider moving there at the moment. Trump is really polarising American society (which already was quite polarised due to the two-party system). Wouldn't that put Mediatek on the radar of the US for getting similar measures taken against them? Yes it's great... I also use other adblocking methods (DNS based) but uBlock Origin remains king. Only thing I really really miss from FF Mobile is the pull to refresh. I so wish they'd add that, because every time I open a tab with a news site that was already opened it shows stale information, and I have to open the hamburger menu to do a refresh. 2 actions instead of one. An option to have sites auto refresh when switching to the tab after xx minutes would be great too. Right now it's just too inconvenient. This won't be the end of it. It's just one of the many battles. And iOS isn't for everyone. Yes it's great for protecting privacy but it's also extremely restrictive for the users. The fact that they don't even allow real third-party browsers is baffling in this day and age. I also can't use my Yubikey in OpenPGP mode which I really need for my password manager and SSH access. I know it supports U2F now but that's not enough (and was way too late as well). But I agree the advertising industry has to die. I don't believe in the 'working together' approach of the EFF with their plugins that stop blocking cookies when they see the privacy policy file. I mean, if you're not tracking me, then why need third party cookies in the first place? It'll never happen though. They'll always find a way to track us. I understand their have their reasons.. But I don't like them taking that choice away from me. The problem is, right now we have only 2 choices. Living in the open world but getting all our information sucked dry by advertisers. Or live in Apple's protected little garden but not be allowed to leave it. And pay much more for hardware specs. Neither are very appealing. Well, the iPhone SE has really poor specs compared to an Android of the same price IMO. The SoC is up to date, but the screen is only LCD, the bezels are huge (the screen to body ratio is very low) and the camera is only adequate. Basically you're buying a 4-year-old phone with a modern SoC in it :) I don't think that is worth the price they are asking. I paid the same (440 euro) for my S8 3 years ago (it was out a bit over a year), and it already had a beautiful AMOLED screen, high screen to body ratio, and in particular DeX which I can't really do without anymore. And it's still fast enough now. I upgraded to that from my iPhone 6 which was becoming way too slow at that point (note: iOS 12 did fix this somewhat but by that time I had already had enough of it). Overall, the S8 aged better for me than the iPhone 6 did. Compared to what you can get from Apple now vs the Android vendors, Apple is only ahead in terms of SoC when you're looking in the same price bracket. But that's not the only spec that matters. Bill Gates was actually quite a capable software engineer (I would argue he was a pretty rotten CEO though - successful but unethical). And Steve Jobs too. He wrote games for Atari. Not a good CEO from the start but during Next and Pixar he really learned the job. Yeah they're a big deal for me... I don't care about other users ;) That's what I mean with "iOS is not for everyone". They try to cater only to the average user. Or at least the more affluent subset of those. I'm not everyone but I'm certainly part of 'everyone' :) In fact this is really what's pushing me away from Mac too as they're heading in the same direction. When I moved to Mac in 2004 they were a great POSIX capable system with a great UI (unlike the mess Linux was at that time) and custom software. Now more and more power features are replaced by on/off sliders that don't do what I need. Windows and Android are heading in the opposite direction, adding more power features. I really like the power that things like DeX and Termux provide (though the latter isn't necessarily a feature, it's definitely something that wouldn't work on iOS). I can work a whole day on my phone, multitasking and everything. You can't do that with an iPhone. Still, both with Windows and Android you give up considerable privacy. And that's not necessarily needed. Things like scoped storage should have happened years ago. Yet another electron-based notetaking app.. There's already so many of those. And it's not even open source (anymore, since version 1.5.1). Why go to closed-source for something like this? I really miss the old Tomboy. It was lightning fast and you could hotlink to another note just by typing its name. It had keyboard shortcuts for everything and searches were pretty much instant. But it's not maintained anymore, and the "NG" version lost the speediness of it (it was a complete rewrite) The only thing I didn't like about it was that it was based on mono/.net and that it didn't have a CLI version. But despite using mono it was still really fast, it was just a bit of an installation hassle. I'd still use it today if it was still viable, but the lack of HiDPI support in particular makes it really difficult to use today. One thing about Tomboy that I was a bit divided about was the lack of images. Today I use OneNote because it's basically the only thing my work supports. But I took much better notes with Tomboy as I always had to type content in my own words, whereas with OneNote I got lazy and just screenshot presentation sheets (which aren't searchable and make the database huge and slow). Very interesting idea. I'm a bit worried about pickpockets though with the pockets so low. Right now if I'm worried about them (I live in Barcelona where they are a major pest!) I put my hands in my pockets. That won't work if they're so far down. However I do love rethinking common things we take for granted, especially about clothing. For one I don't understand how the common business suit is so popular. It looks really old-fashioned (has hardly changed design over the years), has all sorts of non-functional appendages like those flaps on the jackets, collars, cuffs, ties, nonfunctional pockets, buttons you're not supposed to use etc. They're super uncomfortable, restrictive and sweaty. And they're really generic, everyone from a store manager to a president wears them. And for what? Everyone in business wears them so they're not proving anything.. It's almost like a uniform. Humanity shouldn't be that shallow :) Uniforms are about stripping a person of their identity whereas business and politics is all about being more distinctive than others. I really don't get why this is such a thing :) I know, and I don't like the fact that it uses .NET either.. Especially because it doesn't use plain .NET but GTK as well. It's a bit of a hassle installing, even on Windows systems that come with .NET but not GTK. However its performance is amazing, it's the fastest notetaking app I've ever used. And I also really loved the lack of the concept of 'saving'. Everything you type is automatically saved. Nice find, this is really cool! I didn't know this was a thing, I tried the IoT version when it first came out but it wasn't very interesting. I knew someone at my old makerspace who was using it for a final thesis project several years back, when it was just out a year or so. He was a very capable C# programmer, I think this was the reason for picking it. But over the course of the project he became really bitter and his opinion dropped considerably. Apparently many things that are super easy to do on raspbian were impossible or super hard on Windows IoT. Not regular computing stuff, but integrating with hardware. GPIO, I2C, that kind of stuff.. The kind of stuff that's Bread & Butter for IoT in other words ;) I can't validate this as I've never really used it myself other than booting it once. But I valued his opinion highly. Well in this case he offers the binary app for free anyway (he only asks for voluntary contributions), so I don't really see how making it closed-source would affect this. I often support open-source projects financially and I would be a lot less likely to support this now that it's not. It's not just a matter of giving anything for free. It's about continity: That someone else can carry on with the app (and the data I've put in it!) if he decides to give up on it. But like I said I don't like this particular app anyway for the reasons I mentioned so I don't use it. It would however be a big detractor for me when looking for a new app. Especially this thing would put me off: "I've decided to figure out how to make it sustainable first before figuring out potentially how to license it, in order to make this less risky for me." So in other words, there will be monetisation coming later, but no indication on what kind of price or payment model (think monthly, lifetime etc) he will go for. This would be a big uncertainty for me if I were to consider spending time to put my data into this thing. Who knows if I'll find the upcoming price acceptable. This and the continuity thing would make it a non-starter for me, and I assume many others too. Don't forget the market of notetaking apps is very crowded. Yes this is exactly why I don't like Electron. But also: The UI. Electron apps have a very distinct "non-native" UX about them. Sure they look kinda pretty in many cases but they don't integrate well with every client OS. They all do their own UI thing, just like in the early days of Linux on the desktop. There's a few gems that use Electron really well. VS Code comes to mind. But even Microsoft itself publishes some really poor electron apps, like Skype for Business and Teams for Mac that are horrible resource hogs. Yeah I know, I miss it so much too. It was just the perfect app. Not trying to do too much, not too little, and really efficient at what it did. I could type out structured notes while on a call without even having to look at the screen. And finding them back was so much easier than in OneNote. As I mentioned there is Tomboy-NG: https://github.com/tomboy-notes/tomboy-ng/releases/tag/v0.29 . It's a complete rewrite in a different language (Pascal with Qt). It doesn't have the same ultra-fast feel of the old one though. And hyperlinks to other notes don't seem to update instantly like on the old one. I've tried it once but I never had that real "wow" feeling of the original. Thanks for the reply! Like I said below to another poster, for me it would be a detractor when choosing a new app. For me it's about continuity. Especially in case you couldn't continue working on it for whatever reason, it would still maintain a lot of important data for me. I'd be more comfortable if the source was available so it could be continued if abandoned. Also (also mentioned this below), hinting that there's monetisation coming up but not specifying any details, will put potential users off. There's so many payment models you could go for, like a monthly/yearly or lifetime license. I personally hate subscription-based services, no matter how cheap they are, I prefer to spend a bigger amount once. Other people will feel differently, but by not saying anything you're leaving this as a potential concern in a customer's mind as the price and payment model may not suit them in the future. One thing you might consider is open the source but not legally leaving it open, so using a more restrictive license. Electron apps are never really closed-source anyway as it uses interpreted languages. Opening the source doesn't really preclude charging for it. I wasn't saying this because I want the app for free (even though it seems to be free right now?). It was just my thoughts as a potential user. I personally have a pet peeve against electron, and what I would be looking for would be more barebones and keyboard-oriented anyway, so I won't use it either way. But I'm sure it will fit the needs of many others. Anyway not all users/customers are the same but these are just my personal concerns when I saw this. I wasn't aware of Notable. I do wish you the best of luck though and I hope you can make it deliver a decent income! Haha that random speed degredation happened to me even in Windows. Turned out to be a bug in the T470 firmware that throttled the cores down to a couple of hundred Mhz when on battery. I could literally watch the windows being drawn. Not sure if this was what happened for him, probably not as he wrote that years before the T470 was released, but I'm just saying it's not necessarily Linux related. But overall I've had no such issues with Linux during the last years. I use all 3 desktop platforms a lot, and my favourite was Mac, but due to Apple's constant "dumbing down" (both the OS and hardware) to appeal to the iPhone/iPad userbase it meets my needs as a power users less and less. > Building the thing that one can sell takes time you know. I know, but open-source does not mean free (as in beer), and closed-source does not mean paid. They are essentially unrelated things. You can publish the source but not license it. > I'm not sure I agree with that, if I decide to abandon Notable because it doesn't make financial sense to me, how do you think is going to continue its development? Like if something is not financially sustainable it's probably dead int he first place. This disregards the many great free apps that are around :) But anyway this point came from having the bad experinece of having all my notes in a system that pretty much got abandoned, and it really helped that it was open source to export my notes from its XML format. That's the main reason for that point from my side. > I haven't figured out the pricing yet, it's probably going to be something around 5 bucks a month. Lifetime licenses are unsustainable, like how much do you think you should pay Notable for hosting all your notes and attachments forever? Ah, like I said I didn't use the app but I wouldn't really want a note system that uses third-party servers anyway. I'd want to self-host it. With Tomboy I used to just sync its files with OwnCloud (because the built-in sync server was not great). However that pricing comes very close to other commercial options that are highly regarded, like EverNote (7 euro/month) or OneNote (you can get OneNote on a 5 euro per month O365 subscription that also includes email hosting and 1TB OneDrive). The 'hosted' notetaking market is very competitive. I'm not looking for a hosted option myself but I do know the market (and I use OneNote in work as it's the only thing I'm allowed to use there :( ) I have to agree... I'm very conscious of this now when I'm talking on the phone. Not that I really have anything to hide, but I'm always wondering how something would be perceived by someone who is listening in. It's not a nice feeling at all. This is one of the reasons I hate mass-surveillance so much. Just that feeling that everything I do or say is on the record. Hey I don't want to keep discussing as it starts to feel like an argument and that was never my intention :) But I'd pay 20-40 euro for a good notetaking app with self-host capability. Maybe 50 if it's really good. Yes and if you type one backspace too many it will delete the whole box and place it at an off-centre location when you click to make a new one. There's a workaround though: Click on the title and then press enter and it'll create one again in the right spot :) But yeah OneNote is bloated, slow, has the typical MS UI boneheadedness... But it's what I have to work with at work :'( Me too!!! I find since I moved from Tomboy to OneNote that my memory is significantly worse. Tomboy didn't support pics so I was more tuned in to meetings as I was actively processing info in order to note it down in my own words. Now in Outlook I often tune out when I feel something is less relevant, and I lazily take screenshots "in case I need to look at it later". Then, when something comes up that is more relevant to me I'm tuned out and need to catch up. I also remember information much less long because it never really entered my brain at all. So yeah it definitely helps for that purpose, at least for me. Orgpad looks really good. I always find this kind of mindmap stuff to go beyond my screen size too quickly though.. I'd love to have something like this in VR so I can walk around and write stuff everywhere, move things etc, just like I have my walls covered in stuff like those stalkers in horror movies :D VR would be great for this I think. I might even make an app like that. I wasn't aware of that :( Which country would be best in your opinion? It seems it's becoming quite hard to find one that doesn't do this now. Also, Netherlands is part of nine-eyes (and so are Denmark and Norway for that matter) And it's not a Nordic country neither geographically nor in spirit. It has an economic system that's much closer than that of the UK and US than the Nordics. Waveshare is really great for making eInk accessible to makers. I've got several of their products and I love them. Design and documentation are excellent. For most products they even provide libraries and/or sample code. I usually order from them directly, though it comes from China it's fairly fast compared to aliexpress and the like (think more like 2 weeks than 2 months) By the way, one thing I don't get is why the pictures have such low saturation but the "demo" view shows really excellent saturation. Are there constraints when mixing colours perhaps? Edit: This was explained below by sparker72678: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23900165 . I didn't know they worked this way. Cool, I would definitely join if it wasn't US only :( Even though I'm 'high risk' I'm not that worried about the virus myself, and I feel some higher risk than normal actions are necessary to protect people and to go back to our normal world ASAP. Also, I assume it's good to have some not perfectly healthy individuals in the mix as they would probably be more likely to experience side-effects. It does say they will expand their reach beyond the US though so that might be good news. Thanks for pointing this out! I was indeed a bit iffy giving my personal data there. There's so many fake covid sites. I'm not in the US but it says they might expand soon so I may just register anyway (I'm sure they ask where you live). Makes sense. It wouldn't really be ethical to do so with an unproven vaccine (and it was proven, this trial wouldn't be necessary). If they do the trial in large enough numbers, many participants will get exposes in their normal lives anyway. I assume they will target hotspot areas. I never ever even heard of this one :) The article doesn't really explain what it is, but it sounds like a super expensive IM for financial elites? But I don't work in the financial sector. I'd never want to either. But interesting to know it exists. PS: A CLI/Curses interface sounds amazing to me though! :D I'm living in Spain at the moment. I'm from the Netherlands though! How did you find out about the other studies? The enigma's encryption didn't have anything to do with primes though :) It was just a super complex automated substitution. I agree, this is not good. I manage Macs in MDM and I already saw that in some actions they show up as 11 and in others as 10.16. sw_vers tends to report 10.16 but UIviews tend to report 11.0. MDMs are complex machines and they don't always do every operation the same way. Why is this bad? Well for one example, because sometimes you use version numbers not exactly. Consider the statement: "Applies to 11.0 and higher". Depending on how the OS identifies itself this will be valid or not. On the same OS. Or consider reporting, if under some conditions the Mac identifies itself as 10.16 and in others as 11, you're going to have them in 2 different buckets even though they're the same thing. Really, they should have made a choice, one or the other. If software wasn't compatible because of this it should just be updated. Apple never said it would always be 10.x. I don't really understand why they're doing this as Apple normally has no issue telling developers to fix it or stuff it. They never cared about backwards compatibility before. If having 11.x was not that important to them to upset a lot of stuff, they should have just stuck with 10.16. Yes it would. But there is no guarantee that every package vendor does it that way. And this is only one example I can think of. It will mess up reports as well. Data from Macs is used outside of the Mac itself as well. I'll add that to my post, I'm only just now thinking of the implications. So far I hadn't thought of this as I assumed it would be fixed before release. In fact most Enterprise software for Mac (think Palo Alto GlobalProtect, Zscaler, antivirus packages) are horribly badly packaged and I expect many issues here. PS: Good point from tobr below too.. These things are not as simple as they seem. If others do a bad thing too, doesn't make it right :) AutoPKG and Munki aren't MDMs. I use both AirWatch (now VMWare Workspace ONE) and MS Intune (now Microsoft Endpoint Manager) right now. The problem is that they incorporate different technologies. For example, Workspace ONE includes Munki for its app distribution but MS does a different thing. Also many run scripts in the background to check things, which may or may not do things differently. I haven't really tested Big Sur much with the MDMs because there isn't much point until all our antivirus software etc is updated to support it. But I'm pretty sure this will cause additional issues, and Macs in enterprise are already very difficult. Mainly because of Apple's consumer focus, enterprise manageability is always second place unfortunately. Exactly, and what I'm trying to point out is, is this really worth it when the only advantage of having the "11.0" is just marketing? Yes it does happen: https://gizmodo.com/apple-pays-developer-100-000-for-finding... This proves exactly the point made above of Apple not trusting the user. However if someone wants to be an idiot, how far do you go to stop them? Apple's approach stops too many great possibilities for knowledgeable users. It should be in the same category as those "will it blend" types. Screw it up? No warranty. For me there's several things I need it that are impossible because Apple won't allow them, so I have to use Android. But that's comes infected with Google spyware out of the box :( > We’ll see how the shipping ARM Macs are “fused” when they come out, but my guess is that they will be more locked down than these devices: their OS will be more permissive but you will not have meaningful kernel debugging. My big worry is them dropping terminal access altogether like on iOS. That would really make the platform useless to me. However I don't think they would do this at this point. There's many user groups (like cloud developers) specifically favouring Mac because of the strong terminal access. That is if people obey the NDA of course. I'm sure not everyone will do so. However finding a bug, reporting it and then 'suddenly' a jailbreak appearing that would use it, would be highly suspicious indeed. So they'd probably have to give up the chance of getting the bug bounty. PS: I'm certainly not signing that NDA myself :) Thanks, I didn't know that. Good to hear! Yes, playing VR I think this technology is amazingly undervalued. A lot of people focus on the negatives. Needing space, being locked off from your surroundings. But being entranced in a PS4 game is a type of locking off as well. HL:Alyx really showed the potential of the platform and it's amazing. With the rumoured cheaper Oculus Quest and the less social outside world, I do expect these to be on the shopping list of many. https://twitter.com/h0x0d/status/1285917195562672130 (PS: He says it's not a cheaper version but it looks to be though. Probably one single LCD display as it has no IPD adjustment, cheaper headstrap.. I do think this is a cheaper version to bring it to the masses, which has been Oculus' goal all along. Well I think the console war is sadly over because streaming is the next big thing. Clearly MS knows this, Sony is still sticking their heads in the sand. However, being able to play the latest games with an Xbox subscription will bring many to the platform, instead of buying PS games at full price. In that sense they are still competing. As a gamer I'm not happy with streaming. I want to run my stuff locally, have the ability to run mods etc. But I doubt we can do much about it. After all, it makes the publishers' wet dream of perfect piracy prevention come to life. Totally agree about the certification. It's so annoying having to do stuff like managing the mixture. There is absolutely no chance I'm going to be better at that than even the most basic FADEC system. Every car since the early 90s has done away with the choke, but for some reason in a 2020-built C172 I still have to do this... :X I would argue that this insistence on safety certification makes actual flights less safe. Because it results in it not being done, leaving something to the pilot who is more error-prone than an automatic system. I haven't heard of accidents in GA aircraft that were due to poor mixture (though I haven't looked, and it could technically cause one if you set it too explosive) but when I still flew there were several incidents reported by our maintenance company who complained about cylinder scoring due to overheting. It would be much better to have this automatically managed, and more environmentally friendly too, because there is no need for 'full rich' settings during takeoff/landing, it would just adjust it to ensure sufficient cooling. The full-rich is just a precaution to avoid the pilot miscalibrating it during this critical flight phase (and to avoid overheating on the ground of course). This discrepancy is much higher from the other destinations they mention, so I would imagine there is either no station nearby the lake so you have to take another mode for the last leg, or you have to get some complicated multiple-train route with long layovers :) Is there no push for this to be stimulated again? In the EU there is a lot of talk about stimulating high-speed rail. Currently it's a total mess though, with each country still having their own standards, high-speed tracks having non-highspeed portions through cities, and simply not having sufficient capacity to support anywhere near the amount of passengers that are carried by air. But I really hope some day the EU will standardise this too, and get more tracks built. I'd love to take a train between Barcelona and Amsterdam. But right now it is 2 hours by plane or 14 by train with 2 changes. And the price has a similar ratio in favour of the plane, which makes the train simply nonviable. And a ballistic parachute is not super safe in mountainous areas where the ground is not flat. With the typical ballistic parachute there is zero control on where you land. And even in the best circumstances the landing is pretty rough, it's more like a last resort. However engine failure can also occur on fuel-powered aircraft. And at least this thing has a whole lot of engines so it could afford the failure of a few. The batteries could be subdivided in sections. > e.g., each Cessna pilot has to make sure he has 30+min fuel reserve Well, this is pretty much standard practice! Edit: Ah I misunderstood your comment. So yes it is standard. However I could see this not applying to these guys, because with vertical landing capability they should be able to support field landings with really minimal risk. Good point, I was speaking of European experience. But still, here with a really fine train grid, the train is much less efficient due to the many stops and many changes you have to make to get somewhere :( It can take up to 2-3 times as much time to get somewhere by train than by car. Of course though, because the monitor and keyboard should be able to be raised and lowered independently. If you set the desk to a height that's suitable for the monitor, it may be too high for the keyboard. I think the cybersecurity (I hate the term cyber btw as it's usually used by people who don't know what they're talking about), is very focused on the 'think like a hacker' skillset right now. While I do agree this is important in various roles in the security realm, there are also many jobs where this doesn't really add value. A lot of work is about implementing things like MFA, role-based-access etc where knowledge of the platform used (e.g. Microsoft) and internal processes are more important. After all, most companies already fail at the 'fix the obvious' stage, it's not necessary to go looking for clever ways in when there are many doors left open. Just to elaborate: A lot of discussions go like this. A pentest or random scan finds obvious issue. Ticket is raised to the security team. They go like "WTF why do we still have Windows 95?? Kill it.". Then their boss goes like "Sorry, Bill the manufacturing VP lobbied with the CEO, we have to leave that one alone". Of course when it actually gets hacked, Bill is nowhere to be found. This is why internal influencing skills are so important in real everyday security jobs. Of course in the pentesting role this kind of thinking is absolutely necessary. However even there the kind of training given right now is too much in the realm of 'scriptkiddie'ism. Hacking is about inventing and true mastery of technology, not about using the tools everyone uses. Being able to run metasploit and wireshark does not make one a hacker. By doing this, pentesters test for yesterday's hacks, not tomorrow's. Yes but these are automated, so they could be programmed to stay within X minutes of backup landing sites at all times, and altitudes to reach them easily. Sounds similar to the Eurotunnel between France and England. Very cool to be driving through a train! I know, but most of these "hacks" are identified by internal scans already. The pentest doesn't add much value then. The issue is more internal resistance to change in the management team. Like I said I know most companies already fail at the basics. But these are normally well known already, just not fixed due to political pressure. Having the security team's management be better at influencing would pre-empt these issues. Pentests serve to bring these known issues under discussion again, but they often don't bring any unknown issues to light. Also, they tend to be too artificial. In one example: In a recent pentest I know of, they sent some remote access malware to the admins, which they all ignored and reported. However as they couldn't continue they called one admin's manager and asked him to tell the admin to click on the link so that they could proceed. The outcome of the pentest was that if a malicious actor sent a malicious remote access malware and if it was clicked on, they would have remote access. Well duh. Of course this could be mitigated by having separate workstations for email and admin activity, which was an issue that was already understood and a mitigation in progress. This is what I mean by pentesting not raising new issues. Another example: The company in question already test new web apps for known attacks, and is quite successful (in fact I've never seen a new app come through the certification process in the first round). What I'd expect from a pentest is to tell us something we don't know :) It's an interesting second-opinion but it's not the amazing X-ray it's promised to be. > What you're suggesting is everyone has to be willing and able to write fresh exploitation on the spot when they're testing a client's network Which is exactly what a serious adversary would be doing in a targeted hack! Well, the issue is that these vulnerabilities can't be hit to great effect, because they're usually well understood and mitigated by other means (see the admins being very conscious of email malware). In many cases the pentesters cheat by asking for special permissions or for someone to click something they wouldn't normally have done. Just so they can be seen to 'have found something'. I think a targeted adversary is more worrying because they usually are driven by high gains, which means something that's a big risk to the company. Like strategic information that can cripple the company. Whereas a more moderate adversary will usually trigger a ransomware campaign on some low-secured laptops or something which can be mitigated in a day or 2 by restoring backups. Big interruption yes. Company-killer no. Also an advanced adversary will usually operate unseen altogether and penetrate the highest levels of security. A ransomware attack is much more obvious. I would view them as different things altogether. An advanced adversary might use the same techniques for their initial access but due to the many layers of security this won't be enough to reach the most critical information. Which is exactly why I was saying pentesters should be more inventive :) The level of external pentesters I've seen, has not exceeded the "scriptkiddie" level. Totally agree, it's not really possible for a hacker or security specialist to excel at all categories. Some people become an expert in web injection, others in buffer overflows, network attacks or crypto. The field has become way too wide for one person to have expert knowledge in everything. Good!! That's the right approach. I also think these certifications are forcing students to think in the direction intended by the underlying company, whereas hacking is about looking for the unexpected. It's about mastery of technology, not about ticking some boxes and knowing command-line parameters of common tools by heart. Indeed there is a major issue with HR focusing too strongly on certificates because they lack the knowledge to evaluate a candidate any other way. Good point. I'm not sure how much we pay for these as they're not commissioned by me. But knowing the company it's not going to be too much :) Yes good point. The ones I know come across as "box tickers". They're from a very high profile IT company but that doesn't say much. I assumed they were all like that but I admit that was an assumption. I didn't say that! If you see my first post, I agree with you that in many 'cyber'security jobs other skills (like politics/influencing) are much more important and unfortunately often lacking in key people. I actually don't like the strong focus on the CEH/OCSP certs as most HR depts seem to apply them to all areas of security. Not just pentesting and auditing. And especially for pentesters, I'd want them to have more initiative than just running through some standard textbook operations. At least that's what I've seen. But as another poster mentioned, what they do at this company is more like an audit, just under the flag of a pentest which sounds cooler. Indeed, what you describe sounds very typical! Especially pre-Wannacry, since then things have improved somewhat, when top management woke up to the thought that these things do in fact actually happen. This is a really good point. I have actually seen that happen. I just wish we could get our own point across (at a level higher than myself) sometimes without having to do this :) It's not necessarily 'deleted', these Script Kitties just replaced some data with more valuable stuff. You can never have enough meows! But seriously, these guys are doing us a favour. You can bet the affected companies will not expose customer data again. Just putting a password on a database is more than a 'standard', it's truly common sense. Really, even a beginner should think of this. Otherwise they shouldn't be messing with this stuff. And if they do get 'meowed', lesson well deserved. Yeah one thing though with Docker is that in some cases it injects its rules into iptables before the firewall application's. I was using arno-iptables-firewall and this suffered from that, docker containers would be world accessible. In general I only bind them to localhost anyway, but I figured this out when testing. It doesn't seem to happen with UFW. But I can imagine some people know how to set up a firewall but then just assume it works and don't check. This is the kind I do feel sorry for, at least they tried to protect it. Yes, or they provide an internal subnet only accessible to servers from the same tenant. Usually it's double useful because usually this traffic is not charged. The cat's out of the bag now! Doesn't really matter, as long as the credential is exposed, users can be warned. No matter where it came from. Right now yes. But we're creating waste that remains harmful for thousands of years and store it in facilities with a 100-year service life. It's the same kind of "leaving problems to the next generation" of current fossil-fuel use except this one is a lot more generations away. I wonder if carbon capture actually makes sense, not from an economic perspective but from an energy perspective. One way or another you're spending a lot of energy doing it. Using fossil fuel would not make sense as it would add to the problem you're trying to solve. Considering there's not enough renewable energy for all our current uses, wouldn't it be simpler to just reduce, and convert more things to renewable as they come available, which we'll need to do anyway? Once we have a big surplus of renewable in the future we could look at this again. It sounds to me like a pipe dream, a promise of a 'quick fix' for a problem that has no quick fixes. And to be honest in order to actually reverse global warming and prevent some of the future effects we're already locked in to, we'll have to extract so much carbon that I don't see this happening in the next hundreds of years. This is exactly the issue I see with nuclear. We're creating dangerous waste products that last tens of thousands of years (normal nuclear - I know RTGs don't stay radioactive nearly as long!), and are easily weaponised. Yet on the other hand we can't even keep a country stable for more than a few decades. The soviet union fell into disarray that time leading to all kinds of incidents, and we had a major world war only 75 years ago which is nothing on nuclear waste time scales. One way or another this will bite humanity in the back in the future. If it isn't by a malicious future actor weaponising it, it'll be by neglected nuclear waste storage facilities that last much shorter than the waste itself. For another example of things that can happen see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goi%C3%A2nia_accident . That one was medical in origin but the same can happen to nuclear waste when not adequately protected of which there is a lot more. Not entirely true, SNAP-10A is still in orbit and has suffered some degradation (parts coming off), that may have led to radioactive release. However the Soviets crashed several RORSAT reactors actually on earth, which is indeed much worse (and many cores are still up there in parking orbits) I wonder if there is any point to go to a preindustrial climate though. By the time we get technology to the massive scale required to actually fix it, the worst effects will have already occurred. The climate will have already changed and we will have dealt with it one way or another. Going back at that point will basically mean another climate change. One that will be mainly for the better but will again have impact on nature that will have adjusted in the mean time. It won't be a 100% positive. I wonder if that is really worthwhile. And if things will really get back to what they were; For one the arctic ice, would that build up again in the exact same places? They have a large effect on jetstreams so I'm not sure if things would really go back to the same way things were in pre-industrial times. Also, in pre-industrial (and early industrial) times winters were really harsh sometimes. It wasn't all rosy either. I think around the 70s/80s the climate was the mildest though I didn't study it. Trees are not a great solution. Their CO2 storage is basically static in terms of the amount, once the forest is grown it won't have a huge net capture anymore. We'd have to raze them and keep re-planting to do that. Which has obvious nature impact. But I agree with your comment. Preventing is better at this point, especially while we're still emitting (and will be for a long time). I view Carbon Capture at this stage basically as a decoy from big oil to keep doing what they're doing. Uh oh... I had one of these when I was young (though it may have been the pretty similar F-105W actually). I loved that cool blue glow. In fact I think the only difference between the F-91W and F-105W was the print on the front. Edit: Nope, the F-91W had a poor green LED, the F-105W had super cool blue electroluminescent backlight, so that was the difference, thanks to dvt for pointing this out. Also, I have a satellite phone, and many radio transceivers (mentioned in the article). Just the "Large quantities of cash" I don't have (I buy too many radios and other toys lol).. I suppose I'm on a list now :D Terrible LED? I thought that blue illuminator was super cool. And it was actually an EL film, not an LED. I think owning a toyota 'technical' mentioned in the article, will get you in trouble, yes :P https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technical_(vehicle) Ah yes indeed, I had the F-105W. I thought the F-91W also had this EL film, because it's also labeled "Illuminator" on the big picture at the top of the article, which was casio's branding for this technology at the time. But it doesn't have the blue branding. And I think that pic at the top isn't actually an F-91W. The EL light was super, very bright and very well distributed (because the whole backlight film would light up). I'm surprised they managed to put one in such a small watch as EL film needs fairly high voltages, you could hear the switching coil whine when it was on :P Yet it still lasted a good while on battery. Yeah I was thinking the same.. This is not a low stress time. I've not been so stressed (and depressed) for a long time. Here in Spain it's almost impossible to see a doctor if you're not dropping dead. If I try to book an appointment with my GP it tells me I can't, they only do over the phone consultancies unless it's an emergency. So at least here it's not even reluctance but rather the lack of possibility to see a doctor. You can also check the quality in your neighbourhood at the luftdaten website. Many people have sensors already wired up! It's originally a German project but now there's many sensors worldwide. https://deutschland.maps.sensor.community/#2/50.1/49.7 I use this to measure the outside PM2.5 and PM10 which did indeed drop a lot during the lockdown. Inside I have a Xiaomi air purifier which also measures PM2.5. Everything's wired up to home assistant. I don't see many issues indoor, it never really exceeds 10, even when I'm cooking or vacuuming (though the kitchen is on the other side of the house). I thought it wasn't working right, in fact, but then one time there was a small fire outside in a bin. I just smelled it a bit in the house, there was no visible smoke, but the purifier went right up to 200 (and beyond) in seconds :) But I can recommend getting a purifier, it does really help. I have bad hayfever and when I have the thing off for a day I really feel it (during the hayfever season of course). But fitness devices are notoriously bad at tracking stress :) I have stress measurement on both my Galaxy watch active and my phone (S8), and neither reading has any correlation with how stressed I am. Basically when I've been working out it always thinks I'm stressed because my heartrate is still high, and when I'm all stressed in work it shows the lowest possible :S I think it's just not possible to measure something as complex as stress using so few metrics. Same with sleep tracking. When I had a sleep study done I was wired up like a borg :D Checked the sleep tracking on my watch later with the graphs I received and it didn't match at all. They're good at showing raw stats like footsteps, location and heartrate (and tracking them over time for laps/pace etc) but that's about it. But I don't trust their derived measurements at all. If the other trackers work like my watch, they'll think you're super relaxed if you haven't been working out. And it's not even true. At least here in Europe (I can't comment on the US as I've never visited), Google Maps is really poor. It's fine when you travel by car, but when I'm hiking through the hills I'm just walking through an empty square on Google Maps. Volunteer-driven OpenStreetMap is MUCH better. And there the data is actually open and safeguarded. Governments should support that kind of project instead of corporate privacy-invading playtoys like Google Maps. Great to hear from Snowden. I hope he's right. Basically all this misery is a direct result of 9/11, without which none of this would ever have been allowed. Of course it was tragic but the measures introduced were overblown and ignored the real cause of the issue. He is right and I do see the privacy-first movement slowly creeping from the shadows into the mainstream. About time! However I shudder to think what the Corona crisis will do to society. As we've seen with 9/11, it usually takes many years for the worst abuses to really emerge. The crisis itself sets the public opinion in motion, first fought (like in many places they are now) when the measures are actually needed. But eventually everyone seems to get in line behind it, though by that time the actual crisis is already over. Then nobody criticises the measures anymore even though they're no longer needed. They get used to the sense of 'safety' when there is no more rational danger. The 9/11 attacks were much more a result of poor US intelligence processes than of the tools they had available to them! Even the response to that realisation was baffling: The answer to having too many agencies that don't communicate was... to build yet another agency. :/ I'm not looking forward to a world where the virus is gone but everyone has become a hardcore germaphobe, and the government enforces this by law. I have strong hayfever so part of the year I'll be coughing and sneezing, but it's not contagous at all. Fun times ahead with a lot of suspicion around me :( I'm afraid Corona will be gone in a year or 2 but all its negative effects like social distancing, masks and mandatory quarantines will persist much longer under the label of 'safety'. We were pretty safe before Corona, thank you very much. I know these things are needed now but they won't be forever. In the same way we've been groped by airport security for 20 years now and all our comms catalogued in order to obtain some kind of undefined idea of 'safety' which nobody cares to elaborate because of 'security concerns'. We never find out know how this information has really helped, ostensibly because 'the bad guys can learn from that', but then again, in almost every case the 'bad guys' were just using tech like plain unencrypted SMS anyway and were plainly operating on the radar. The truth is that too many people make too much money around it all for it to be reconsidered. Of course I will fight overzealous Corona measures (after Corona is gone) just like I've fought surveillance (by promoting safe tools), but it takes a long time for public opinion to really sway back and do something about it. Basically, people are lemmings :( Yes, right now people are fighting it even though it's common sense to have these measures. But eventually they'll get used to it and the false sense of safety it gives them when the danger has already passed, and they'll be fighting to give it up. Wait and see! People have a slow momentum. I don't really get this - is the bends the only reason for doing this? If so, why not mix some other inert gas than Nitrogen that doesn't have the problem? Cool base though :) I'm exactly in that category. I often donate fairly large amounts to open source projects I really like, or that are responsive to issues raised by me. Especially the small single-dev ones. Most of them also have patreons but I usually contact them on IRC or whatever and just wire the money directly to them (saving payment platform fees as well). Even though they don't offer this as an 'official' option, they never say no to $100 ;) Of course none of these have any 'paid members only' stuff as it's open source already. However small regular amounts I'm not willing to do. My interests tend to fade quickly and I tend to forget about such subscriptions, leaving them to run much too long. It also stimulates never-finishing projects. The same with good causes/NGOs, trying to sign you up on the street. They don't want money anymore, they want your bank details. They'll never get them. In their case I think the problem is just that they're becoming too commercialised. They're thinking and acting as big corporations, CEOs making too much money, having big marketing departments etc. They're not the 'grassroots' movements they once were, and as such I don't feel like sponsoring them anymore. I do indeed note that my minor (RSI related) joint issues almost immediately disappear when I take that stuff. It seems indeed quite beneficial. I doubt it as many people mention it has great benefit on dogs, and their diet is pretty much all that. For me too.. And I'm usually extremely sceptical of food supplements and general quackery. My joints have also been really cracky since I was a child. This seems a bit less but still present with the glucosamine. But my elbow joints are often sore due to being on the computer way too much and every time I start taking it again it fades in a day or two. I don't think I'm imagining it :) Many other stuff I don't feel much benefit to. That would indeed be amazing to see, such a time capsule. They should really make it a museum. The world doesn't need another beach resort, but a view on the past would be amazing. I see you even slept there! Did you have someone keeping watch? It must have been a once in a lifetime trip! Do they really shoot on sight? I really doubt that. But I'm sure you'd have a really uncomfortable time at a Turkish police station when caught. I think it's just trying to sell because Softbank is a venture capital company, they only care about short-term profits. PS I applaud RISC-V but it won't take over the market for a long time, and it wouldn't drive ARM out completely, I'm sure. Intel's had many competitors and they're doing just fine (even despite screwing up repeatedly with their processes!) Look at all the failed attempts to move away from x86(/64). Even intel tried it with Itanium and failed, HP has to pay them to keep making it so they can fulfull their server contracts. I'm sure ARM has a similar hold on the mobile market. But most of these games don't even exist on Linux.. So they wouldn't have to fix all that stuff.. As a Linux user I'd gladly do without that bloat anyway (also explains why a "driver" has to be 500MB lol) With intel it's a bit more complicated than that. I think running Macs on their own processors is a bit cost saver for them, and allows more control. And intel's CPU shortages have hurt their shipping schedules. I don't think this transition is about CPU performance. But yeah I don't think it's about collaboration either. I take Glucosamine / Chondroitine Complex 500/100mg. One or 2 per day. It's hard to say how long, it does take a day or 2 to kick in (when I said "immediately" I meant within a couple days when I start taking it. I probably shouldn't have used that term.) I'm not very strict with medication so I tend to stop it when I don't have issues. But especially in my elbows where I only have mild pain it seems to help a lot. In my wrists it doesn't as much, but I think the pain there is not totally joint-related. Lol $800. This is Apple we're talking about. Just the logo on the front will cost $800 (just joking). But really, this is way below Apple's normal pricing. It would cannibalise the iPad Pro very much too, considering the price of those + keyboard stand is much higher. Unless they deliberately give up some of their huge margins in order to get these in circulation ASAP, I don't see this happening. The first ARM will be a premium product for them. I don't think it will carry a budget price. No MacBook has been this cheap since the MB Air 11" which was a really underpowered 1.4Ghz / 2GB RAM model. Hear hear! Even Apple's own Catalyst apps are no good. They're turning the Mac into an iPad Plus :( > but there was also Microsoft's vision of ARM (spec outright prohibits user managed keys, and nobody's shipping with anything but Microsoft keys). Indeed. "Microsoft I doubt they'd keep the same margin if they really offer it at $800. I don't think they'd save that much by cutting intel out, especially if you factor in R&D. Pretty sure they're cutting into their margins at that price, but it would be good for them to get ARM in the hands of consumers so that developers have a reason to work on it. > I also built my own solution which takes a different approach: https://github.com/leoncvlt/loconotion - it caches the Notion page as a static site - admittedly you lose the capability of "syncing" sites instantly but is also makes the site snappier and more responsive as it removes a lot of bloat. Nice work! Another benefit you didn't mention is that it also makes it a lot more secure - there's no injecting anything into static pages! Fdroid is hardly full of malware. There's a big range between locked down like Apple and "click here to install bonzibuddy" like Windows. It doesn't have to be black or white. The case is in Germany though! However it could indeed lead to mandatory safety standards requiring physical controls. Absolutely! The lack of 'features' like stickers, giphys, videos etc is a feature in itself for me! Sigh, thanks for pointing this out. I didn't realise Discord also had strong ties to Tencent. I really avoid it anyway as I'm already on WAY too many chat apps. But some communities like the one for Home Assistant are really strongly into it. And real nerds will just disable what they want with ADB :) And how do you know they actually obey it? :/ Knowing Google it will still go somewhere. Block rates don't mean that much though. With Apple everything on an out-of-box iPhone goes through them so they only need one connection. A Samsung phone will want to talk to Google, Samsung, and whatever crap they have preloaded (in my case Facebook, OneDrive, "UpDay" and many others). They even made most of those system apps in case I'd have the audacity to remove Facebook :/ Of course they know how much I need it, much more than me. Deep packet inspection is the only way to really tell (if they haven't done cert pinning, which I assume they have for stuff like activation). I think the author's point is that you can at least harden Android a lot by uninstalling system apps and services, which you can't do on Apple. There's also many more options available for mitigation, like firewall software. I don't know whether that brings it to a better level than Apple. However loading another firmware certainly will (think LineageOS with MicroG or even nothing at all). But I do agree that an Android out of the box (for most vendors!) is full of tracking, way more than Apple seems to do. And of course almost no user even tries to remove system apps. This isn't actually 'news'. But Pinephone is ruling the roost where Purism dropped the ball, sadly. PS: I love both companies, it's just sad about Purism :) Not sure if it has NFC but I really doubt you're ever going to find a bank willing to do payments on a fully open phone. The IMEI just identifies your phone. The IMSI identifies your number. So it's perfectly possible to change the IMEI if you leave your IMSI alone. The network will think you just stuck your SIM in another phone. Everything will work fine. You can't change your IMSI as it's hardcoded on the SIM (technically you could with an eSIM but it simply would be unrecognised and just not work then). Of course they still know who you are, and they need to to connect your calls. But apps that look at the IMEI for identification will be confused. Not sure how much it helps in terms of privacy. I doubt it helps a lot as any app can just make up a random number and dump it in their long-term storage to know it's you (just like a cookie). And yeah the illegality of changing it is an issue in some countries. Also, if you 'clash' with another live IMEI weird things happen :) PS: IMEI changing was outlawed in those days to stop people stealing phones and changing IMEIs to resell them and bypassing carrier blocks of the stolen phone. It was never that successful as thieves are lawbreakers by nature and don't care at all whether they break an extra law or two. Apple and Google's activation lock were much more successful. I'm personally not a big fan of laws when there are technical solutions that are equally or more effective. True, in some regions this is not allowed. It was mainly for the purpose of blocking stolen IMEIs though which is not really a thing anymore (since Apple/Google's activation lock is so good there's no more need). Also, for avoiding tracking purposes there is really no point in changing your IMEI. There's many other ways they can track you. In fact I don't see any real reason to do it at all. n January 2020, Pine Microsystems Inc. was dissolved[7] while Pine Store Limited was incorporated on December 5, 2019 in Hong Kong[8] and store.pine64.org claims to operate under the laws of Malaysia and China. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pine64 So just an entity move to a more favourable country. Also, swapping the modem chip would (well, should ) be a permitted use, as the IMEI is meant to be bound to the modem. When a separate modem module is used, the modem is the communication device, not the phone. The pinephone is more similar to a laptop with an optional LTE module rather than an integrated setup like an smartphone where the CPU contains the baseband. It's not illegal to swap out modem cards in a laptop anywhere AFAIK. Yes they do almost all support it (with many security vulnerabilities as a result, Karsten Nohl did a really great presentation on this at OHM2010). But the IMSI is almost always provided at manufacture time. I think it's also because the card would not be able to be provisioned over the air without getting connected to the network first, and without an IMSI there is no network connection :) Sounds good, but I'd really want to use a PIN with that. Otherwise anyone can take my key and walk up to the computer and unlock it. I wonder if there is something like pam_piv? I use PIV already for Mac & Windows... Suppose I should look for it myself :) Yeah besides contactless being an option as the other poster said (I use this too sometimes, especially on my phone), at work I use a cheap USB hub for this. When a port dies or becomes unreliable, I tape it off and use the next one. It can be really cheap as USB 2.0 is more than fast enough for a yubikey. I'm at 2 out of 4 ports dead now after 1,5 years on a $10 hub so it's not bad :) In addition, it's an iMac and the ports at the back are a nightmare to use. I taped the hub to the 'foot' of the iMac so it's much easier to use. I don't use this mode though but PIV + PIN. Yeah the new layout is super heavy even on a decent machine and the old one is too 2000's... Don't get me wrong, I love simplicity like hacker news does. But reddit's old theme just rubs me the wrong way. They really hurt their own monetisation by making the subscriptions too expensive though. They more than doubled in price recently. It's not worth the price anymore for me. I understand, but they're also pushing many users away with this behaviour. It's what I like about HN.. It feels like they don't even care how much users 'engage'. I bet they don't even run a report on it. They just let us do our thing here and not worry about it. As a user this is a much nicer experience. Well, good. Being spammed with notifications is the primary reason I refuse to install many apps. Sure, you can turn it off but they really make you hunt around for it. Ahhh the great toothpick of O'Connell street :) But really it would have been nice to have something more Irish. I always felt it's out of place there. Good to see OSM being actively used though.. I really love that project. And the maps, at least here locally, are of amazing quality. When I'm hiking, on Google and Apple maps I'm walking in a grey square. OSM has the tiniest mountain trails. Love it. And mistakes do happen, hope this one would get corrected though :) And it's not the only one of its kind! Many are seen all around the world. It's not the only option if you don't like a master password. I use passwordless (GPG keys on an Yubikey) with a PIN code. The PIN can even be replaced by biometric soon. This is the way forward IMO. No more passwords at all, even master ones. If you turn on the tap-to-sign function on the yubikey you can also protect yourself from malware 'milking' your entire password database while the key is inserted. Of course I create the secrets on-key as is best practice. Of course losing the token is an issue, but I have multiple and each password is encrypted against each of them. I like this idea though. But I don't like that anyone who has a picture of the dice can generate the passwords. And I don't like leaving my password managers logged in all the time. It wouldn't work for my desired level of security, though I can imagine users who do leave their PW managers logged in, would be happy with it. I wonder why this zsh thing is such a huge change. Bash is just a chsh command away :) They can but they're often much more than that. Also it should really be opt in. Our at least opt out. I hate Amazon looking over my shoulder while reading a book. That it works for all devices on your network. Even ones that don't have an etc/hosts :) Those aren't perfect either. Kickstarter makes it too easy to fail without consequence. Even big names like Neil Stephenson did so (with his swordfighting game, turned out the money ran out and the game wasn't much fun so they just gave up). I don't doubt his sincerity but this model is not ready for the masses. The masses want to buy products, not promises. Patreon on the other hand, makes it too easy to stay forever in alpha, the money will keep coming in while there's interest and eventually it wanes and the author moves on to something else. But the product never actually gets finished. In the mean time over the many months more money will get spent on it by each 'customer' than on an actual finished product. Another big name that's currently in this situation is Star Citizen (which was a bit of combo of both models, with continual crowdfunding). Who knows when that'll ever be finished. They certainly have more than enough money but what's lacking is the role of the publisher in the traditional model, who keeps the project on track because they want to see RoI eventually. The crowdfunding models are great sometimes but they're seriously lacking on this point. I'd love an eInk terminal actually!! Or even an eInk laptop. Would be great to work on some code in the sun. What's this 'postcard' thing you speak of? I've heard a rumor people used to have slices of dead trees lugged around the world. But the latency would be enormous!! Here in Europe the clip on plugs (duckheads) are not grounded. The extension cord you get with the MacBook too, is. So use that. Not sure about US. But I think it's the same as the duckheads are only 2-prong iirc so they can't possibly be grounded. Easier than ever now yes. Once they finish the move to ARM... :'( No quite the same thing. None of the Linux vendors make their own laptops, they just use barebones from Clevo etc. So they can never achieve the same integration as Apple. Oh I didn't know that, I haven't bought a Mac recently. It's been like this since the earliest days of the metal PowerBooks. Though the un-grounded duckheads appeared only with the later models (the "hockey puck" power supply always had grounding and in fact always had an extension cord). In my house the living room sockets didn't have grounding (at that time it was only mandatory in "wet areas") so I noticed it even then. It's mainly an issue because of the metal enclosure. On a plastic one you wouldn't notice. And it's not serious current, it's just some induction of the power transformer on the internal shielding. But yeah I agree, even the duckheads should have proper grounding! The grounding is done through the ground 'pin' that the duckhead clips on to, so technically it should be able to get a third-party duckhead with all three pins. Though I never looked to see if they were available. Dell's Linux laptops are not custom made for linux (they even still have a Windows key!). They just swap out the wifi card. I'm pretty sure Purism's are just standard barebones too, but with some extra modifications like hardware switches. They showed how they solder the wires to the motherboard - if they'd designed it themselves they wouldn't have to do that. Pine64, indeed, that's true. The enclosure is standard (the PB Pro is the same as my Chinese "ChuWi" laptop :') ) but indeed they made a custom motherboard. I really like that company. And if you have a recent Samsung, DeX for PC is much better than this Is there any way to install this on Mac? I'm traveling and this would be great to have but I only got that Mac with me. Typical Interesting! I wonder what these were actually used for. Word on the street was communication with spies using a one-time-pad or something. I'm sure it was important or they wouldn't have built all this stuff for it. It wouldn't have been for the "what are those soviets up to now???" effect :D And the more esoteric explanations like triggering preprogrammed behaviour (like the plot of Black Ops I refers to) are clearly nonsense. So I suppose it must have been something like that, the comms with spies thing. After all the mysterious woodpecker only turned out oto be a poorly functioning OTH radar. That was probably the Duga radar at chernobyl. It was an over the horizon radar (which never worked properly). There were more in other places but the Chernobyl one is the only one left because of its location in the exclusion zone. Nothing as sinister as a dead man's switch, it was meant to provide early missile / bomber warning, but by the time it was operational it was already superseded by satellites. And it had many operational issues. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duga_radar Bad Apple. What was Facebook going to do? Pull out of iOS? They had all the power. Showing some ads is one thing. Tracking every aspect of people's lives is another entirely. And that's what adtech has only become since the internet enabled it to do so. Good point, I'm sure there would have been some quid pro quo there. Well Facebook was the biggest name complaining in the media that this would seriously hurt their ad revenue. I also wonder why, because their apps already require a user to sign in. It must reference to cross-app tracking, I'm also surprised they were so dependent on that. Sounds like this might also be the reason for this delay. If Apple is indeed favouring their own ad services they might indeed be the target of very well funded antitrust-based legal campaigns. I assume the adtech companies would have at least threatened them with this. So they are probably going to retune their own ad service to comply with the same before they go live with this change. Even if it's just used to measure click throughs etc, as the user I'd still want to have the ability to choose whether to allow that. It's up to the ad business to convince me to do so. That they really want to use it for non-nefarious purposes. As a user I really don't care whether they can measure what they want. The adtech business must realise they've undermined consumer confidence so much that the only reason they're getting away with it is that it's so hidden. Though personally my trust is so far gone that I really want the whole advertising industry to die. But I'm pretty sure most people would still be OK with it, if it is proven to be done in a non-malicious way. I still hear a lot of "targeted ads are more useful because they annoy me less" from people around me :) But really they have a LOT to make up for. They made it all they could control it. Before this the advertisers were sneaking out other data like the Mac address etc. The advertiser I'd had always been opt in so it was progress for privacy. Note that HN does not do ads (except the totally unintrusive job listings) or tracking so it is logical for ad haters to come here :) it's one of the last places left still running on goodwill. For that it's also one of the few sites I would consider paying a membership for. That's much worse because other visits can be tracked as well through to fingerprinting. The app (at least on iOS) is actually more controlled due to measures like these. It would be good in some ways but could cause tracking by malicious peers by becoming aware of the target's ip address I'm not the only one viewing that as a complaint: https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2020/09/facebook-complains-a... One great thing about gpg though is that if you have it, you have everything. And because it's so ubiquitous pretty much every distro has it by default. Not having to look for packages, being able to decrypt stuff even on a rescue image etc is great. On the mobile side there's also great clients like openkeychain. And most of its shortcoming are mainly academic, and not everyone has the heaviest actors in their threat model. One thing I really love about GPG is that you can use yubikeys and OpenPGP cards for your private keys and encrypt files to that. Any other tool would have to have at least that functionality. I use this all the time and it provides great protection against passphrase logging or key theft. Going back to private keys on disk is a huge step back IMO. I no longer use any such keys except for one backup key I have stored offline and which I throw in the mix in case all of my yubi's and cards break :) I agree.. This incessant pushing of snap, and the closed nature of the snap store are also things I hate. And that practice with chromium is aim to Microsoft resetting edge as default browser every update. And it is indeed wasteful. I'm sure they'll eventually abandon snap just like they did with all their other attempts at introducing their own stamp on Linux (like upstart, mir). Just hope it'll be soon. You're right, Apple is heating in the same direction by locking down macOS for power users :( And upstart. And Mir. Another big annoyance: you can't turn on natural scrolling for trackpads but have it off for the mouse. The two separate settings are inexplicably linked. Really good article. I used FreeBSD heavily in the 6.0 days (I ran a custom NAS and some internet servers) but switched away because it was difficult to upgrade. But I'm tempted now to give it another look. Very true. I had detailed monitoring on my power too the house, and noticed each device and bulb has a distinct drain. Each "10W" bulb is slightly different. I could see exactly what light was on. With good analysis the amount of information that can be derived from one single figure of total power consumption is much higher than I ever expected. Very bad idea to share this with a company like Amazon. Yes I've received it on a portable even. For a satellite it's easy probably because they're so close (LEO) and have plenty of power too burn. For me there's one big deal breaker: Oracle. I just don't want to deal with a company like that. I can't read the source article (site is down) but judging from the header I'm kinda glad LinkedIn is not selling many ads. The last years it's become an even more fake stream of glossy PR marketing crap filled with stock photos of smiling faces, and people commenting how much they adore the company line. I get enough of all that on the company's own sites, thank you. I get that people don't want to be critical in public, but you don't have to repost every piece of marketing BS that comes your way :) Especially when I know some of these people tell a completely different story in person. And the membership fees for being invisible are ridiculously high now. There's constantly people bothering me with their 'services' which are totally not relevant to my role if they'd even bothered to glance at my profile. I wish I could report them somehow. The only reason I still have it is because it's almost impossible to get a job without it :) Because the business world loves it. But it's more fake than FaceBook now. Everyone is one successful talented employee who is completely in line with the corporate hive mind. MicroG development is pretty much in limbo right now, with only one developer who has very little time to spend on it. It's a shame because it is an amazing project.. It only started fully supporting Android 10 last month. It can be done properly though. Take GrapheneOS. Or lineage with MicroG if you want to have a bit more mainstream capability. iMessage is huge in the US. Here in Europe it's all about WhatsApp. Yes and the pixels in particular have great aftermarket rom support True but that was a lot more fair. The ads are only on the lock screen so really unobtrusive, and you have the ability to remove them for a fair price (and replace them with super boring standard ones you can't change ) Wel the dark mode on A10 was a huge thing for me Also I'm sure Google want stricter control on customisation which would be a good thing (easier updates). It'll be hard to take that back from Android vendors but I bet Fuchsia won't have it. As the OP, it's like the others say, Apple is bigger in the US. But also, you can still message Android users because it seamlessly switches over to SMS. This of course makes it usually more expensive for the Android user to respond. But due to the level of iMessage use they don't have an alternatives. And most plans are now quite generous with SMS bundles anyway. Ok fair enough, I will have a look again.. It is indeed all over the place, I went through it all once about a year and a half ago, so it could be some things have changed. Oh I wasn't aware of that. I don't really use many of them. Just the play store really, I did notice that one didn't support it right away. I don't even use Google Maps, nor Gmail, Chrome or Youtube etc :) With third-party apps there was a bit of a lag in support but the same goes for dark mode on iOS. Even now some apps don't support that. But right now the main apps I use on Android all support it. Samsung Mail, OSMAnd for maps, Firefox (with dark reader extension that automatically matches the system dark mode!), most chat apps I use, password store, MS apps I use for work, etc. It's really amazing to have this. I'm sensitive to too-bright displays and most displays these days are tuned for maximum output, not minimum. Wow that this is still being developed. I used this back in '93 on a sequent Unix box. It's nice but a bit barebones by today's standards. Having to edit config files just to add items to a menu.. cool though!! Devices like this aren't hardwired into anything. Echo is sold in many markets with different pronounciation. Amazon isn't going to scrap thousands of units when the Spanish market doesn't want them but the US does :) Or when they introduce a new market. Indeed the hotword is listened for by a local CPU, not the remote cloud which interprets the rest of the sentence received. But you can bet this is not hardwired in any way. These devices are field programmable in full. Just nobody bothered to hack them for a measly 1000 bucks :P If you're on a budget and you don't mind some electronics tinkering, check this out: https://www.waveshare.com/product/displays/e-paper/epaper-1/... Only $170 for 12.5"! This is for Black/White. They also do a version with Black/White/Red but it takes very long to refresh so probably isn't suitable for interactive use. However I believe - don't know for sure!!! - that the B/W/R displays are just as fast as B/W if you don't use the third colour. But they do have a reddish sheen if that appeals yo you. Also you'll have to do some coding to get this to work properly as it's addressed as 2 half displays. A bit like 4K used to work with DL-DVI. However if you want something that just plugs in to DVI or HDMI, then get the paperlike. Huge price difference though. Well, it's 1304x984. Basically on-par with a 1280x1024 monitor, which were used on sizes of 15 and even 17". But after 3 months?? I think not :P I know lungs have amazing recovery capacity but removing 40 years' worth of tar takes a lot of time. I know after 10 years or so they're clean (depending on the age of the person of course) Great though to hear it goes quickly for Corona. A bit of good news is welcome for once. Just need to add face recognition and you basically have China's playbook... Scary. "Smart City" sounds a lot cooler than "1984-style surveillance state". Add some light artwork, upbeat music and some stock photos of happy people and you get the population rooting for you. Just like Apple, Google and Amazon do. Yes Apple is better than the other two, no they're not angels. And really, the safety aspect is easily circumvented for the bad guys. Take a standard corona mask, hoodie and some sunglasses and you're done. For the rest of us it means living even more in a panopticon than ever before. Great idea! Now the snoopy old lady across the road can actually follow you around town at all hours. Maybe start with that obvious little thing.. People not having guns means people not being shot at chicken restaurants, hence less crimes to solve. It does really work here in Europe even though it's not perfect - yes some criminals still have guns. But the big effect is someone being spotted on the street with a gun = insta-arrest + jail time for possession. I know proposing it is political suicide there, but when I see what BLM have accomplished in awareness I did think some spontaneous movement like that would happen too in the gun debate, after the xx'th senseless mass shooting. Also, the other obvious thing (also starting to bite Europe in the backside in all fairness), is the huge income equality leading to crime life. It was addressed to Marty McFly! The source article. In particular this passage: "They hailed the cameras as a game-changer, and said the images helped to identify the suspected gunman who shot three employees, killing one, last year at an Otay Mesa Church’s Chicken" Yeah it's really the Apple attitude. "We'll lock everything down so you can't screw it up". First with iOS and now they're bringing this model with the Mac (on Big Sur you can't even edit config files in /etc anymore, I've been told). I really hate that attitude, I feel the user should always have the final say in everything that happens on their device. Defaults are fine, locking stuff down is not. There should always be an override for the power user. Ok great if it is possible. Like I said I didn't try it myself. I don't have my testing Mac due to lack of office access. I was told by people on ##apple on Freenode that on Big Sur it's no longer possible to change flags in /etc/ssh/sshd_config for example. But as long as this is possible it's fine. For me that would be a dealbreaker as in work we're not allowed to have SSH daemons with password auth and they often scan for them. PS: I believe (also need to test) that on models with T2 chip you can boot linux but you can't access the internal SSD then. This is really one of those things where I'd want to see an override. It's really hard to test right now :( I have a pile of test MacBooks but they're all locked in the office. But even on iOS.. It's too locked down IMO. I don't use it for this reason, for one I need full NFC access for my Yubikeys (OpenPGP mode). I really miss stuff like that. It works fine for me up to Catalina at least. That plist is for launching it, not for setting the configuration. Though you could probably pass some config as command-line variables (or point it to another config file), but it is a more roundabout way. It is simply OpenSSH server so it should be possible to change its config of course. General rule: If you're not paying you're not the customer, you're the product ;) However they contradict themselves a bit by recommending ProtonVPN and Windscribe at the end. So there ARE good free VPNs. But they're promotions with the intent on you becoming the customer in the future. It depends what you're using a VPN for. If you're looking for anonimity, using a VPS with Algo is counterproductive as you now have a single IP you're always using and that only you yourself is using. This is worse than your Dynamic IP on your home/phone connection. For this purpose commercial providers are better because you're hiding in a crowd. If you're just looking to encrypt your traffic on an untrusted wifi or trying to connect to your own services, then Algo is great. I use it too for that purpose. Looks really cool. I think a workspace in vr would be great and the new oculus quest probably has the right resolution Looking further in the thread they say it was probably a big more than anything and that it's not supposed to work like this. Of it was a policy I'd be more worried. Not that I use it anyway, I host my own. Will do now! Sounds interesting By the way if you like I can spread this on another forum too (in the Netherlands) Done here: https://gathering.tweakers.net/forum/list_message/63774530#6... Discussion there is in Dutch but I clarified that English is needed for participation in the study. I hope your post will also get more traction here. Nice!!! This is the kind of thing I visit Hacker News for. I wonder how this compares with the Gnome tiling Add-on from Pop!_OS that is becoming very popular. But this material shell sounds like a much more holistic approach than just adding tiling to Gnome. I'll definitely try this out. Oh yes MDI was horribly bad. Window management within other windows... Ugh. They're not selling that data yet. But it's clear from the reviews the $100 was mainly achieved by cost-cutting. They may still lose some money on it but that's just an investment in becoming market leader in VR. sexlikereal.com is the streaming app I don't know the games he's referring to. Yes you are. They scrutinise new accounts much more now. I use the ALVR rubber ring surrounds. Works well but they smell horrible. It's a shame they discontinued 123D design. I loved that for simple 3d printing projects and still use it. For more complex stuff I used inventor fusion which was a free beta but I think this is now part of 360. I still have to get into it as 123D is still sufficient for me :) I kinda see where they're coming from though. The account of times I've seen a business user carelessly closing the "please play fair" box of TeamViewer... And I'm not talking small businesses either. I really doubt their customers would want that. Usually when a page is 404 it's because the company in question wants to forget about it :) True, the way PS passes objects is great and I really miss that on Linux now :) I'm pretty sure if you just lock a datacenter's doors, it will be very reliable too. I used to work in a network monitoring center serving mainly the US. Every day we had hundreds of calls to make. One day I volunteered to work on christmas day. We were chatting all day and eating pizza. Not one call to make. Not even one. If people keep their hands off the computers they work fine. This is not news :') Anyway, my point is: These conditions can be replicated much more easily than sinking the datacenter in the sea. Just have really strict modifications policy, using nitrogen atmosphere is also already done in many cases. One of my colleagues almost collapsed because the oxygen was turned down by mistake while he was working there. Sure it does but the OS integration isn't there so it's not nearly as useful. Ah I see. But this is precisely a usecase for cloudflare's own caching service. It wouldn't be fair to use archive.org's community-sponsored resources for propping up businesses which are too cheap to pay for proper IT :) You're not wrong. 10 years ago I had openwrt everywhere. Now I run unifi. Very happy with it (though I wish they'd release that WiFi 6 ap they have in beta) but yeah I don't have control at that level anymore. Can confirm the read only. Indeed had it with 2 cards now. It's really annoying because the OS still caches writes in RAM so you only find out when you reboot and all your changes are lost. Still, not quite as bad as completely corrupting I suppose... There's more screenshots, you can go through them. Really nice effort. The question is though: why? :) But cool nonetheless It's 'shone' no? Or is that another one of those UK Vs US English things? AKA the dark army :) Can these revamped radio scripts still be read or even heard somewhere? That sounds really awful. Smell is an important sense and a huge part of taste as well. Basically if you were a chef you'd have a disability for that job. I think indeed that this COVID effect is underestimated as the article says. She with the fatigue many people have. That would be pretty amazing. People would have to go looking for someone else and hopefully pick a more ethical platform. True but they're still much easier to find in a scan. Most scans will prioritize them. Even with key auth only, which I have, you're still getting many attempts, wasting CPU cycles. Most scans are smart enough to give up as soon as they see publickey as the only method, but some keep trying to connect hundreds of times. Yep nice review. Personally I don't really like many of the changes. I always hated Facebook's chat heads and in don't like them being brought back on a wider scale. And I use the quick settings so much that I'll miss the 3 they're taking away. I don't use media players much. It's a massive UX improvement but too dumbed-down in some respects. For example, in full outlook mode your can choose to cancel your meetings when you schedule out of office. In the new outlook this has been omitted. This is weird because it's essentially the same app. And also these settings are on a separate dialog box so they aren't cluttering the main UI. In fact the dialog box is the same size as the old one, just now with lots of empty space. In another example, the Block Sender option is now missing. This is an essential feature for any business user who is over spammed like myself. Any unsolicited sender goes straight on the block list and reporting as junk is not as effective as the are typically not 'junk' messages. They're from real account managers who didn't bother reading my LinkedIn profile so they're pestering me with crap I have nothing to do with. These issues really need to be addressed for this to be a real alternative. Yes the containers are amazing but I kinda miss the way to change settings in each container. Sometimes I mistakenly chick allow notifications in a container but can't find any way to undo it without deleting the whole container. It does but very often a site won't let you proceed until you clicked the ok button on their annoying popup. And because the pop-up is blocked, there's no way to proceed then :( I've seen this on several sites now. Understandable but having to turn off ublock puts you on the radar of all the trackers again. The whole idea of having everything in the context of a Google account is the exact reason I use Firefox and not Chrome :) Funny, for me this is something i need to turn off to make it snappier. Especially the mousewheel scrolling really feels laggy with it on. Fraud protection in the US is still a thing but in Europe more and more banks are stopping it. My bank said their insurance underwriter no longer offered the service. Isn't this about the Android version? It says that here but perhaps it's because I was reading it on Android. The reason for the big jump is that they were mainly working on the preview version and that went live with version 79 :) Yep except it won't go on the hands It did of course. There were I've ages and warmer times. But they didn't change nearly as fast as they do now. By the way of by the other scares you mean the ozone layer gap and acid rain, those just didn't progress because of rapid action by the international community. Like banning Freon. If the alarm hadn't been sounded they'd have been a huge problem now. Unfortunately the climate problem is much bigger as a problem and the economic impact, which is why everyone keeps making promises but not doing much :( It would be amazing if it could to that! But with the current marketshare of Firefox, it would be a drop in the ocean :) Oops I didn't know about the scanning thing. I often do this from my hosted VPS to my other systems, to make sure all ports that I plan to have closed are actually closed. Especially when it involves IPv6 networks and each internal device has its own IP, this can involve a lot of scanning. I haven't had any complaints but good point, I could get banned for that. I like seeing cold war relics. Thanks! The only real news is the vrcover as the elite strap was already announced. And the repeated use of 'to bare weight' looks really bad. To get my upvote you'll need to do better than that ;) Thanks for the pointer on the full disk access thing. Don't agree with the final point though: > The third and final moral to the story is that SIP and sandboxing are terrible and ought to be abolished. I don't think they're terrible. But I do think the user should be able to override somehow in all cases. macOS is becoming too much like iOS for my liking too. I like locking things down for security but I really to be able to make exceptions. As long as things like SIP can still be turned off or much rather: if I can make specific exceptions without turning it off fully, they're a good thing in my book. But when macOS becomes as locked down as an iPhone it's no longer viable as a computing platform for me. Yes I know how this feels. Same here, I've been using it since 2005 too. I've also seen many comprehensive settings moved to oversimplified On/Off sliders which don't give me the flexibility I need. I'm also worried about where it's going but I do think sandboxing is an inevitable need in this connected world with ever changing exploits. Like the above user said, especially for a web browser. I just wish I as the user could call the shots instead of Apple. Sometimes I just want to do something for good reason but I can't. And yes more and more apps are becoming Catalyst port or Electron (which are mostly crap except for some gems like VS Code). But that's not only a Mac problem, all platforms struggle with this now. Well that's the thing... None of the superpowers are actually at war with anyone there. It's mainly a local conflict with the superpowers backing different factions. Kind of like a proxy war during the cold war. A lot of countries backing opposing local factions while trying not to escalate. A full blown declaration of war would give us WWIII in no time due to it being such a complex mess of alliances they're. Don't forget that a lot of people compare XP not to Windows 2000 but Windows ME which was probably the worst Windows version ever :) I wouldn't do my security stuff wirelessly if I was serious about it. A simple $2 esp8266 deauther is enough to disrupt WiFi and for the other protocols there's the option of jamming. I'm not married but not all wives are the same. My gf wouldn't care :) This article is from 2014, right now my annoyance is more all these apps with low self esteem. Always this stupid question "do you like this app" and then redirecting me to the play store to vote if I say yes or the support site when I say no. And to make matters worse they keep doing it every few days. Once is passable, over and over is NOT. I've started to give 1-star reviews to these apps. So sick of this behaviour. Especially many of Microsoft's corporate apps do this (like outlook or teams) and most people download these because they need them, not because of some rating. edit: I mean I do the 1-star thing with the apps which keep asking. If they ask once I just don't do the review (If I really love the app I would have left a 5-star review anyway). But once it comes up again I do this. Well it's more than "kind of" annoying. Just to clarify: I'm only doing the 1-star review on apps that ask more than once . But tbh I haven't seen it in apps made by smaller developers. Only in ones by big companies. The ones made by smaller devs usually care much more about their user experience, if they ask it at all they ask it once only and not over and over again like Microsoft does. Reddit's app is another big one there but obviously they don't give anything about their users, they are super annoying anyway (like constantly trying to force you to use the app if you view reddit in a webbrowser on a phone). But the ones I use from smaller devs are usually FOSS so they don't care about their ratings at all, as they don't make money anyway. And I'm much more likely to support these with good ratings anyway. I don't care about Microsoft's business :) Still, I think it is bad practice. If I love an app I give it a good rating anyway. If you do it, please don't make it a yes/no. But also include a "stop bothering me" button :) Well usually bad reviews do include a lot of details. I also often see support from the company actually responding to users, and these issues getting resolved and the ratings modified. This is one way where that process works well. I think Apple already does block apps that keep fishing for reviews. But I haven't used iOS in a while. Google's validation process isn't that deep so they will usually miss this. But yes I agree, it is so annoying. Especially in paid apps. I already paid for the app so obviously I like it. Usually I would just try the free version of both. And then decide. I'd love to see a real programming calculator like the HP 16C . But without RPN as I never really grokked that :) That only works smoothly in a Windows environment. Sure you can do it from a Linux workstation too. But it's like a square peg in a round hole. Only on Windows Kerberos works so well it's natural to use it. Why not use smart cards? Then the key can't be copied. Only physically stolen but you'd need the pin as well and it works be noticed it's missing. You can do it on Mac. I wouldn't recommend binding Macs anymore since Apple broke filevault for AD accounts in high Sierra (AD accounts don't get the secure token by default which is needed to unlock the drive) But since Catalina there's now a great Kerberos SSO plugin that you can push through MDM. Previously this was known as enterprise connect but only available from Apple professional services. You can just modify the sshd_config not to look at the user authorized keys file Mac isn't losing its lunch. We're just not their target users base anymore. Why sell to these demanding power users wanting complex stuff when you can sell to the rich consumer who just wants to dick around on Facebook and play with their iDevices all day :P By adding so many features to the WSL experience that (at least for their intended use case) using native Linux is such as strap ball that it falls into disuse But unforeseen factors are always a component of accidents. Otherwise it wouldn't be an accident. Of course boost is planning for this to happen. The point is that it does happen despite planning. It won't happen in the same way in Germany but something else can happen. France strongly subsidised their plants due to the side effects to their nuclear weapons program. Off-shore is of course a great way to have the benefits without the drawbacks. The Netherlands is quite full already and we should be careful with the small amounts of nature we have left. The added cost isn't a huge thing when your factor in it's clean energy without long term waste like nuclear. Liquid metal reactors also have had their fair share of accidents despite their small presence. Making hydrogen via electrolysis is very lossy though.. it's only worth it if you have nothing else to burn the power on. And dropped a couple on Spain for good measure. How confident are you to eliminate corruption worldwide? It's human nature, as long as that's the case accidents will happen due to stupidity. No matter how much oversight. That makes it even worse though! If the problems were foreseen but willfully ignored. It goes to show that even in developed countries corruption happens and this is a major liability to nuclear plants. If it can happen there it can happen anywhere. And deaths aren't the only measure of accidents. It also caused major pollution. Yeah and by handcrafting those subsets you'd give LOTS of valuable info to their algorithms. Telegram doesn't encrypt by default. A dangerous point for protesters in Belarus. One forgotten tickbox could lead to jail or worse. But I like Telegram too as it's more open. It had an open API for things like bots and they're not so opposed to using third party clients stop tot can integrate it with things like Matrix. Most of my traffic is just non sensitive group chats anyway. But if I was a protester in a dangerous country I'd use signal for sure. I use both anyway but for most stuff I prefer Telegram. Nice, definitely will try By the way does gnustep have this Mac look now by default? But persistence would undermine the anonymity by carrying over cookies and other files that can be used to connect a user's different sessions. I think this is why it's not being offered. I know but that doesn't make a difference. What I mean is browser cookies, canvas id etc that will remain and can be used to track the user between sessions. Currently all tails sessions are pretty much the same because they're all fresh sessions every time you use them. Only if you feed them after midnight! If I read it correctly that wouldn't be tunnels in tunnels. It would be 2 separate tunnels side by side. Which is not necessarily a bad thing. WSL2 is basically a VM and any VM which binds directly to the Adapter (e.g. not NAT mode) will have the same behaviour. In some cases you'd even want it to do this. Conceptually this makes sense. It doesn't really run Under windows, it runs beside windows. Unlike WSL1 which was basically part of Windows. It's strange tcpdump doesn't run though as WSL2 is running a real kernel. Personally I really liked the resource efficient WSL1 approach and I lament that they dropped it. But I know for some usecases (e.g. docker) a real Linux kernel was needed. If they're not that sophisticated they probably won't use WSL anyway though, so it's not a huge issue in that sense (unless some malware specifically installs WSL2 to get around it). It doesn't sound that bad even from the internal email.. It's for a short time and clearly explained. I don't think it's particularly effective though... Sometimes a difficult issue is best solved by relaxing and coming back fresh. Especially when it comes to coding. And as a customer: Yet another delay would kind of annoy me at this point. I understood the previous ones but now it's getting a bit rich. I can imagine they don't want to go there. Kitty is indeed great and I can corroborate the high performance by joining at the macOS activity monitor. Almost zero even with high speed scrolling. I kinda wish there was a GUI configuration method though. But considering it's a terminal emulator it's not a big deal. ... he said while looking at his checkbook :) Considering the role the FAA played in this disaster, they should not be the only ones to validate this. I'll believe it when I hear it from a more impartial agency like one of the EU ones. They'd better not rubber stamp the FAA one like they did the first time. Try using that watch with Android. That's where the walled garden is. Or try writing an app that does complex stuff via NFC. Or a browser engine. Or another app store like fdroid. Or an emulator. Or sideload the apps that Apple doesn't want you to have. Etc etc. You can do so much in apple's garden that you may never need to leave it, depending on your usecase. If you don't run into it, it doesn't mean the wall isn't still there.