A self-paced version of that course is (still) available now: https://class.stanford.edu/courses/Engineering/Compilers/Fal... Possible downside: Apple could end up bidding against Tesla for employees, factories, and rare materials; increasing the price of electric cars and slowing Tesla's production and growth, while not producing many cars itself for some time. That's what I thought at first too, but as I thought about it, I began to wonder. They certainly have the chutzpah to try, and they have an ocean of money to spend overseas. A longshot bet on building another trillion dollar product might be preferable to paying corporate and personal income tax on dividends. I think bdcravens means that to install Go from source on, say, a new Linux box, we will have to download a binary version of Go first, even though we probably already have gcc. What happens if this catches on, and PyPy replaces CPython, and other languages do the same? Hassles for those who prefer to install from source, and potentially a lot of duplication of effort writing compiler backends in every language. After 9/11, a lot of Americans wanted to see "the terrorists" suffer, but there may be something dangerous about a person who can bear to personally inflict the torture. Just having people in power who are willing to order torture worries me. No, I was just pointing out a drawback. Of course there are advantages too. In this particular case, though, I wonder why the Go team is planning to spend a lot of effort rewriting an already existing compiler. Rewriting a popular project from scratch can be a dangerous temptation. I agree the installation issues are fairly trivial; they were just a response to the original comment. But the duplication of effort (which won't end when the "GoGo" compiler is ready to replace cgo), and a potential freeze in Go while "GoGo" catches up, are more serious drawbacks. Yes, that is a trade-off other compiler teams have made, and it may be the right choice for Go as well, but it should be (and no doubt has been) considered. "There is a joy in programming with Haskell. ... There's so much working Haskell code out there, that you can just stare at days for and not really understand (but always use!)." Is that a positive quality of Haskell? A professor once told me he studied pure math _because_ it had no applications. Industrial jobs required a great deal of skill until they were broken down into easy tasks and each worker learned only one task. The work of imagining, planning, and creating the Industrial Revolution occupied the greatest minds of that time. I find it difficult to imagine "assembly lines" for software, creating coding jobs within the reach of a 50 year old truck driver, but as the tools improve, who knows. I agree, but that attitude makes sense from a certain perspective (shared by much of the government, and parts of the media and corporate leadership). It's more like _your girlfriend_ getting mad at your friend for telling you she was cheating. Or "We would have gotten away with it if not for that meddling kid." Along with the legal gymnastics regarding independent contractors, this struck me as notable: "If Solominsky had built his own handyman business, he would not be so impacted by the decisions of another company. But all he has of his supposedly independent business—his pages and pages of glowing reviews, his nearly unanimous five-star ratings—is tied up on the TaskRabbit platform." Something to keep in mind as/before we replace an economy built on independent small businesses with an economy of "independent" Uber drivers, Amazon sellers, etc. Sorry about ruining the joke, but "the French and Indian War" is simply the name Americans gave to their part in the Seven Years War, a worldwide war between France (and allies) and Britain (and allies). Britain did win. For anyone who hasn't seen this story: http://marshallbrain.com/manna1.htm The about page says these photos are curated from the web and submitted by users. How do you ensure that they fall under the Creative Commons CC0 license? Is there a free, light tutorial book like "For Great Good" for OCaml? You can keep an ORM and use SQL only when needed, for example passing raw queries to the ORM, or using a view in the database engine. Or use homegrown database wrapper module(s) and keep compile time checking in the vast majority of the code. I think learning SQL when you already know LINQ is a bit like learning C when you know C#. Knowing one makes it easier to learn the other, and there's value to understanding the underlying abstraction layer, but you'll avoid using it if you can. I really like this book, but I think it may be teaching some bad habits by ignoring performance concerns. Fair enough. I guess I mean to say that I really like this book, and would enjoy more from the author teaching fast Haskell, to supplement this book about simple Haskell. I like the design, but why do you need to be able to create Tweets for your users and follow new people? I stopped when I saw that. I'd like to use this without e-mail, perhaps by building a list of technologies in a query string like https://vulnia.com?vulnerabilities=rails%2C%20ruby%2C%20mong... (naturally, that link doesn't work, or didn't when I wrote this) Thank you for changing the Twitter permissions. I signed up. This has potential. How does it work? My guess: a better RSS reader. This would be a slick design for that. Can I add sources other than the ones you've chosen? I like the short summaries, but where do they come from? I thought it might just be the first paragraph, but for "Feature Friday: Accept Bitcoin With Stripe", the summary comes from the middle of the article. Is it in fact from RSS? Also, I'd like to be able to mark my favorite articles, and view a list of my favorites. That's Grand Canyon Village, the existing visitor center in the National Park. I spent a week there once for a wilderness first responder course; it's very much a small town. The more they deny this is a problem, the more it damages their reputation. They should just admit the problem, thank the security experts, and develop an easy fix. Same problem. "We've limited requests for this url." No paywall via Google: https://www.google.com/search?q=%22Warning:+too+much+finance... I'll do that. Thanks for taking a look. Best of luck to you. I see a lot of hard work in your future. Here's hoping you can scale up fast enough to outpace demand and give everyone a good first impression. If anyone finds this in the future, resetting my router fixed the problem. I think that quote was about performance. Full context: > While it performs pretty well nowadays, it still isn’t competitive with C or C++ and, with a little love, Haskell and OCaml can or will eclipse it in that domain. But don't underestimate C and C++. They're still widely used; by some measures, moreso than Java. But preferable to what happens to abandoned closed source software. > ...providing all the advantages of NoSQL JSON document stores, while providing higher performance and richer functionality (such as native joins, and ACID guarantees instead of BASE consistency) Seems too good to be true. The performance impact of inserting/fetching multiple rows per object, multiple SQL joins for a single logical join, etc. would probably be significant. And indexing these tables seems to require indexing every name/value pair, not just the interesting fields. And, of course, the overhead of the translation layer itself. Also, are relational native joins and ACID guarantees still available at scale? The typical consumer would probably just give the app access to the GPS. The hard part is getting them to download it. Interesting research but not the most practical attack. That's native support for the data type; this paper is about a translation layer that sits on top of the DB. It loaded completely for me the first time, but doesn't allow download. A step toward open access, but they're still trying to claim copyright and control the work of others. My perception of the dress changed when I zoomed in super close on the white/gold version. (the version I didn't "see" before) > Script and Novelty fonts shouldn’t really be used on the web as they do not emphasize readability. Yet this article is full of novelty fonts. Perhaps the author meant to say that script and novelty fonts shouldn't be used for body text. Or the way the Canadian government dealt with the October Crisis in 1970, deploying the military and arresting 497 people, most without charge or bail. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/October_Crisis I've heard a plausible argument that federally guaranteed student loans fueled a huge increase in the cost of college ( http://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=76 ), and much of the increased income went to administrator salaries and new construction, rather than faculty. Perhaps it's time to force colleges to compete on price. > [From Uber's blog post] On September 17, 2014, we discovered that one of our databases could potentially have been accessed by a third party. A charitable interpretation might be that they discovered a vulnerability in September, but didn't find the May breach until recently. Needs some work to improve both relevance and ranking algorithms. For example: I'm watching the movie JFK, so I tried a search for Jack Ruby. I found a teacher named Jack Ruby's videos, the Ruby Fortune online casino, the bar Ruby Tuesday, and a lot of other irrelevant results. Nothing about the famous Jack Ruby in the first four pages. Every media source is biased. Even The Daily Show and Colbert Report. Even reddit and Hacker News are biased (reddit calls it the hivemind). That's not the same as being a propaganda source for government, unless the only viewpoint anyone is allowed to express is the one approved by the government. Most executives at non-webdev companies don't know anything about Rails, except what their staff and consultants tell them. If a fair number of those executives learn too late about the technical limitations of Rails, they probably do feel burned, and word gets around. http://rosettacode.org/ ? I find that it's similar in the US. Contractors do pay a tax that's paid by an employer (half of the Social Security and Medicare Tax, about 7.5%), but they can also claim more deductions. With long term contracts that provide reliable work, contracting pays well. But without benefits. If simply expressing a point of view is propaganda, we're all propaganda sources. The mainstream media expresses plenty of opinions the government doesn't share. Consider Fox News during the Obama administration. I agree. The media IS big business, owned by even bigger business, and that's their point of view. > monitoring online activities ... on official computers, block content which it feels is adversely affecting productivity ... and also have a right to delete e-mails or internet history Is this unusual in India? In the US this is normal. Or at least, describing the project for one. https://github.com/kanaka/mal/blob/90ab31710e9a495ba3aebf794... The Maven, HTML, C headers, and CSS are just support. Any chance we could customize which languages and which features to display? The article is pointing out that governments like to increase the money supply every year and Bitcoin doesn't allow that. But a purely digital currency need not be a distributed cryptocurrency with a limited supply like Bitcoin. From electronic transactions with the Fed down to direct deposits and debit and credit card purchases, US currency could function without paper bills already. Taxes. Much of the appeal of Bitcoin is the limited supply. But from a Keynesian government point of view, that's a flaw. A sovereign cryptocurrency without that limitation might be an interesting alternative to cash, but the bulk of our money couldn't be in a "hard" cryptocurrency unless we also eliminated fractional reserve banking. (Why? In short, with fractional reserve banking, the total value of everyones checking and savings accounts is far greater than the supply of currency, whether paper or crypto.) I didn't mean to start a discussion of FRB, simply consider that it's what we have, and abandoning it is an even more radical step than replacing cash with a cryptocurrency. > But the real hallmark of FRB is that banks only need hold in reserve a fraction of their depositors' account balances. I don't see how CC would change that requirement. My question is, what will a CC replace? If the answer is all cash and electronic transactions, will there be enough CC, with FRB? If the answer is simply cash transactions (already limited), what's the point? The history of the neural network question is an interesting case study in democratic moderation: http://stackoverflow.com/posts/3455660/revisions 100,000 emails too, with many more moderators: http://stackoverflow.com/posts/3905734/revisions > People in more expensive neighborhoods aren't willing to pay more The government specializes in making people do things they "aren't willing to do". Isn't it in Harvard's self-interest, and the interest of its students, to have a diverse (racially and in many other ways) student body that prepares students for a diverse world? Flipping that argument: Do American universities routinely discriminate against African Americans and Latinos as a consequence of reliance on standardized tests and curricula on which they are known to receive lower scores? Adjustment for the bias in these measures might correct for discrimination, not create it. It need not be mutually exclusive with racial diversity. I'm sure Harvard has more than one goal to balance in their admissions process. A college's ultimate goal isn't for their students to get good grades and test well. A college's promise is to prepare students for life, and at present that means life in a diverse world. Success beyond academia may be predicted well by SATs and high school grades in some fields, but certainly not all. If you tell people where the cameras are, you've also told them where the cameras AREN'T. Ideally, for public safety, you'd want people to always think "there might a camera here". You might have a hidden diamond for team collaboration here, but after reading more than most potential customers will, I'm not sure exactly what it is. I'm not a fan of the to-do/chat combination. There just isn't a lot of intersection between the things on my to-do list and the things I want to chat about. Who wants to chat about their grocery list? Who would contact their family about dinner plans with this instead of a phone call, text message, Tweet, etc. just because they can easily save a to-do item? Perhaps this has other uses. Consider extremely detailed user stories. Who might want to this? A software product manager communicating with the technical team about features and bugs; a high-school student and her study group; an extended family planning a vacation together? What would they share, and how does this tool help? Why would they use something new instead of a phone, e-mail, Twitter, Facebook, preferred existing group to-do list app, or a thousand other tools? What are their favorite colors; favorite words; turn-offs? Kudos on what you've done so far. And remember, even if this fails as a startup (most do), it certainly demonstrates your skills. Hopefully it will open doors. Oh...and don't bankrupt yourself working on this. That would just be crazy. I agree, and disagree. What this product would be useful for isn't explained well, and I'm not sure even the OP knows. But there's clearly something compelling here based on the attention we've all given it. > Guaranteed bandwidth shared lines are a violation of net neutrality. Perhaps of an poorly written net neutrality law. But can you predict what will be a violation of net neutrality before the laws are written and the courts interpret them? It's certainly a complex issue, requiring deep understanding of the Internet. I support it in principle, but have little faith that any government will handle it well. Looks useful. I'm not using ST3 yet; how stable is the current beta? Her story is quite a bit different from Adria Richards. Is there a historical record? Some of the more significant tweets: " At Google I was sexually harassed by someone who was later promoted to director I was put in a position where I couldn't be promoted because it would've meant reporting to my harasser I was actually reprimanded for undermining him in front of his reports. Google caring about women is 100% lip service PR bullshit. When it comes down to it, they punish victims and reward the perpetrators. COME AT ME BRO People above his level knew; reprimanded me instead of him. ... Full disclosure. I'm not proud. I poured a drink on him. It became about that Things other women have said to me: "he is a legal liability for Google" They 100% supported him, let me be in a position where I couldn't be promoted. My career was ended in that moment. Yet I got in trouble ... [name redacted] is an engineering director at Google, he sexually harassed me, Google did nothing about it. Reprimanded me instead of him ... TBH [different name redacted] has always been a creep and a half too. This will surprise no one who's worked with him. Thanks for all the bathing suit compliments over the years, [name]. ... "It's taking all of my self control not to grab your ass right now." -My boss's boss, to me, when I was a junior eng at Google. "You look amazing in that bathing suit, like a rock star." - [name redacted], to me, when I was a junior engineer at Google. In Maui. Drinks after work with powerful men. Being the only woman there. Feeling uncomfortable with what some of them were saying. Crying about it. Not wanting to say anything because having those social relationships were helpful to me, my visibility, my career. It's such a boys' club. ... "He feels like you humiliated him in front of his reports." Something HR actually fucking said to me. ... Of course, whenever anyone said something that made me uncomfortable, I had to laugh it off. None of this is stuff I ever talked to HR about ... [name redacted] to [name redacted] within earshot of me, on a boat in Maui: "doesn't Kelly look amazing heh heh" ... After hours, having drinks with Vic and the gang. Vic talking about how G+ was promoting Sasha Grey. Starts talking about how hot she is. Asks if people've seen her movies. At this point I run away and cry because I felt so outcast. This is just one example of many The harassment "training" at Goog? Mostly about not getting in trouble. Nothing about respecting humanity of your peers. " https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9163769 She pinned a single quote, but she alleges much more: a pattern of behavior, and willful ignorance or worse by HR. See: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9163769 If you mean that we shouldn't destroy a man's or a company's reputation based solely on these allegations, I absolutely agree. Bitcoin makes the technical process easier but doesn't help with the hard problem (as you said): finding a third party with domain expertise, whom they both trust, who is willing to adjudicate at very low cost. It sounds like your startup is trying to solve that and create a "Trust Marketplace". Godspeed. Establishing trust between strangers is a very hard problem. And while you may find a way to innovate around existing laws, new laws will be written. Education in America is bigger than ever and still seen as official by the vast majority, though arguably optional in our field. But there's also truth in your comment, particularly about ROI (excluding prestigious or legally required degrees) and figuring out your own path. You're wise to consider the value of a graduate degree before pursuing one. I hesitate to call this site journalism. Top news on their front page right now: What to Take on Your Bikepacking Trip Man Beaten While Boozing in Washington Square The Bay Area Is Full of Skinny People Unruly Patron Gets Booted From Bar, Returns and Shoots Out Window That's what I thought too, now I'm not so sure: "If you are a strange man trying to talk to me on my way to or from work, when I am commuting alone, you are a harasser, pure and simple." What harassment is depends on who you ask. If you mean the legal definition, consider that even different courts often disagree. Isn't she dictating who men can even try to interact with? She didn't say "Leave me alone if I ask you to." She once wrote that a man is a harasser for trying: "If you are a strange man trying to talk to me on my way to or from work, when I am commuting alone, you are a harasser, pure and simple." > You are constructing a model from a short essay that was written to convey a certain point of view and then insisting that the model you have constructed must be 100% accurate. That's quite a leap from my question. And not an answer. > It happens all the time that an essay exaggerates a message in order to make that message stand out. I hope she's not doing that. Sincerely. > I see someone explaining that they have actually been mistreated by people 'just trying to make conversation' I'm sympathetic, but harasser is a serious word. It's not something that should be exaggerated in order to make a message stand out. We've ignored the trolls and they've grown wild in the land of no consequences. As in the physical world, behavior on the Internet must be governed. What would happen to someone who made comments like these about Obama's daughters? Should you use an algorithm that appears to be protected by a patent? What does this do that can't be done with git aliases? It's possible, but usually prohibitively difficult. (Superfish was scandalous because made MITM attacks easier on affected computers.) TLS and SSL use X.509 certificates[1] to identify who you're talking with. They're cryptographically signed by a Certificate Authority (CA), who must be one of a list of CAs stored on your computer. A MITM attack requires something rather difficult, like breaking the cryptography algorithm, access to the CA's private key, access to install a new CA certificate on your computer, or an insecure CA already on your computer (like Superfish). Edit: As jacques_chester reminded me, it's not difficult for the owner of computer to set up a MITM server, but I don't call that an "attack". 1: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.509 Yeah, not many people know about the CA store, and even if you do, and check it, there are so many pre-installed certificates that it's easy to miss a new one. No one at the company had tried to use the network with a computer they bought for themselves? I think trivial questions meant FizzBuzz and count the A's. What's the legal equivalent of that? Or perhaps they have learned the solution to FizzBuzz, and simply don't code well under stress. Anyone could have created a lyrics site like Google's, except for the cost of licensing the lyrics. I wonder if Google negotiated terms with the record companies, or they are simply able to pay the licensing cost with profits from Google Play. "What’s the catch, you ask? Simply place LyricFind’s ad code on pages containing LyricFind content. Let us monetize the pages and worry about meeting the licensing costs" Interesting. > Change or die. Change or be killed, at your hands, it sounds like. Can you blame people for fighting back against that? I think the author actually meant the social-mores of classical liberalism (freedom of speech, etc), which protect, imperfectly, from both regal tyranny and the tyranny of the majority. > If they wanted to start their own Abrasive gardening club, where they would be abrasive to each other If a few people founded a company like this and became successful, some people who joined later would complain about the abrasiveness. And if the complainants happened to be from certain "protected classes", abrasiveness would be legally prohibited. I agree, her other post is also excellent. I wonder if we could ever create a culture that doesn't oppress anyone (with the obvious exception of murderers, rapists, cannibals, etc). I hope so. But in light of our vast differences and the ease with which we hurt one another, I suspect we'll have to settle for a culture that doesn't oppress anyone too much . It's unlikely that someone who knows about this would serve on a jury in a computer crime case, or that evidence of NSA activities would be admitted in trial. Hence the second half of my comment: > or that evidence of NSA activities would be admitted in trial. Is Google cool with people using their name and logo like this? ...and cool site. One of those things where you wonder why no one's thought of it before. I prefer looking at the "employment level" (number of persons employed) and the number not in the labor force. I couldn't find a way to link directly to these statistics but they're available at: http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/surveymost?ln The estimated number of persons employed today is less than 2% higher than in 2008. The estimated number not in the labor force is 15% higher. About 2 million more people are working now than in 2008, while 13 million more are not working or looking for work. (Disclaimer: These are statistically estimated and seasonally adjusted numbers from the same month.) Is a game theory theorem a mathematical fact? If it has moral implications, is it a moral fact? I suspect that, if asked to enumerate moral facts, the author would describe his opinions. Not that hard to use; just replace each letter with a span tag. It's a simple regex substitution or map(). > You can still sell your exploit to the black(site) market and later collect a bounty on it. Sounds like a good way to make dangerous enemies. > Today, proletarianized white-collar workers are required to work 50-60 hours a week. How is that a statistic? It's simply an overly general claim without any supporting evidence. > "Jarrod is a teacher and online entrepreneur whom has built well over 100 online products and services" To the OP: something to fix Who=He, whom=him. It sounds like he does market research, marketing, and sales, and pays someone else (probably more detail & quality oriented) to develop the products. Certainly the CIA supports some revolutions, but it's absurd to suggest that every revolution is a CIA plot. When considering the effectiveness of HTTPS everywhere, we should assume the Chinese government will have the ability to create valid certificates. This would allow them to perform MITM attacks against anyone who visits Chinese websites, even with HTTPS. In fact that happened about a week ago: http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/04/google-chrome-will-b... But if China chose to, they could simply require all Chinese websites to use government-issue certificates, forcing the world to choose between allowing Chinese MITM monitoring and losing access to China. > The more likely outcome of that gambit would just be that the CA would be restricted to .cn domains, possibly with some sort of install-on-demand warning. A reasonable compromise, but one which wouldn't prevent MITM snooping or alteration of communications with Chinese websites, like this attack. And to allow snooping of outgoing communications, the Chinese could also require that all browsers used in China trust the Chinese government CA without that restriction. > The US...has a much better track record with respecting free speech and human rights. The rights of US citizens, yes, but our track record on human rights and free speech worldwide is not so good. It's no secret that the CIA (like many governments) engages in covert, propaganda, and information warfare against other nations. But Chinese censorship is far from limited to preventing foreign espionage. How is the CIA more than a distraction or an excuse? > Personal Audio continues to seek patents related to podcasting. It's unfortunate that the Patent Office can't ban trolls who have abused the system. Invalidated by the USPTO thanks to the efforts of the EFF. Interesting analysis, but better without the names. It's dangerous to publicly suggest that people might be laundering money without evidence (even with a disclaimer), especially people with unusual names on a site indexed by search engines. I had the same concerns. They seem to have chosen to act as a free classified ad publisher and disclaim any responsibility for conflict resolution, but the business would be much more valuable if they could improve that. If the $10 fee simply turns on the domain and points it to a captive forum, hosted by the registrar, how is the registrar going to avoid being sued for trademark infringement over every domain name? I'm not a lawyer, but this seems different. This isn't using a single mark to refer to a product for criticism and commentary; this is using an unlimited number of marks for promotion of the registrar's sites. (In addition to using the mark in the ways you mentioned.) That is, the registrar's goal isn't to refer to PayPal, but to use the domain PayPal.sucks (and potentially every protected mark plus ".sucks") to draw traffic. I guess the legality of this use will need to be decided by the courts. It's not that different from trusting an Uber driver/passenger, or Handy handyman/customer, or Airbnb host/guest. The strategies are traditional business practices like guarantees, insurance, and dispute resolution combined with technology to lower costs. In this case, perhaps an app in which both the owner and renter agree when the item is loaned and returned, which reminds the renter to return the item, automatically tracks charges on overdue rentals, and allows some automated dispute resolution like: "I'm at the owner's address (GPS confirms it) and the owner isn't available." I agree it wouldn't be worth the paperwork for a single item, but owners could make a living renting out many items, perhaps even buying popular items to rent. And as you suggest, the site would need to make dispute resolution as simple as possible. Perhaps automatically refunding both sides for disputes, but banning users with too many disputes. It's not simple--certainly not as simple as publishing free ads--but that's why a business that can do it is valuable. Have the courts ever ruled that you can market a series of magazines/etc called "_____ sucks"? It's an interesting legal question, essentially arguing that adding the magic word "sucks" allows using trademarks to promote their site (perhaps even to advertise competing products). The law is fluid, and nominative use is a fairly new legal idea. We're not going to settle the question here, but it will be interesting to see what the courts decide. Of course expressing an opinion is protected. I'm wondering what the limits of this exception are. At the extreme edge, could I use MicrosoftSucks.com to sell Apple products? Microsoft products? Are you a lawyer? I'm not, so I'm looking for rulings in relevant court cases to clarify the issues and provide an authoritative answer. I found an interesting article in The International Business Times (from before the shop was shut down and revealed as a TV show) http://www.ibtimes.com/dumb-starbucks-coffee-trademark-law-b... "Lawyers who specialize in trademark and copyright law say not so fast. While parody is generally a protected form of speech, there is no clear-cut legal definition of what separates legitimate parody from trademark infringement. The reality is, any infringement case that makes its way into a courtroom will be evaluated on its own merits, with judges weighing various factors against a body of existing legal precedents. Historically, cases could go either way." > Big data analytics with Pandas and SQLite > A Large Data Workflow with Pandas > Data Analysis of 8.2 Million Rows with Python and SQLite > This notebook explores a 3.9Gb CSV file Big data? > Methodology-wise - yes. Basically, anything that you cannot confidently put into a spreadsheet... Why just spreadsheets? This is essentially loading data in SQLite and manually investigating it with SELECT queries. Would the fable be any different if the character was named Adam? It's true that the US taxes transfers of wealth, not wealth itself (except real property), but should we tax wealth? Some countries (I've heard, for example, Norway, Switzerland, and the Netherlands) do. It's taxed at a different rate but still included in the "income" tax that the article is discussing. That's the view from the US and Europe, but the lives (or at least the incomes and energy consumption) of the poor in developing economies are improving. Perhaps the benefits of increased productivity in the developed world are simply being counter balanced by increased global competition and an equalization of lifestyles. Downvote me if you want; I don't care and it doesn't make you right. Simply adding "sucks" is not a free pass to do whatever you want with a trademark. > Background - Got really pissed off at a 40+ dev... Why generalize from one encounter with one 40+ year old developer? Depending on the terms and the sale price, the investors may have lost money too. Without liquidation preferences, the founders could earn a profit even if the investors lost money. (Plus the founders and employees earn salaries, often paid from the invested funds.) This feels like karmic justice for founders whose own business practices were debatable. https://signalvnoise.com/posts/1650-get-satisfaction-or-else "Reading books is a large part of how I make a living." Sounds like he spends a lot of time reading, and it's natural for minor annoyances to become like Chinese water torture when one does something often. Liquidation preferences exist to protect against a company raising $10 million for 20% and selling for $5 million, with the founders taking a nice payoff of $4 million and the investor losing all but $1 million. In that scenario, without liquidation preferences, the interests of the founders and investors aren't aligned--the founders profit while the investors lose money. According to page 10 of http://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cpus12.pdf 128k out of 2.228m inmates were in private prisons in 2012. > When you're full of hate, you're not going to let logic or facts stop you from hating and spewing lies... You should think about that... The extreme attention applied to discrimination, harassment, and civil rights issues in the US is a cultural phenomenon that goes far beyond women in tech. I was just pointing out something for you to consider. Alleging that men in tech (all of us?) need "to document the proof that women are liars and tricksters" and that the implicit draw of these stories, at the heart, is "she thought she was a victim and she was wrong" is simply misandrist stereotyping. You cited the attention given to these issues as evidence; I think you should consider that this attention is not unique to women in tech, and is also exactly what feminist activists want. The coverage (and the jury decisions) aren't always in their favor because people are diverse. Beyond your prejudices I think you'll find that there are men who feel the way you describe, and men who are staunchly feminist, and a lot of men who realize women are diverse: heroes, victims, productive workers, and yes, sometimes, "money-grubbing exploiters of worthy causes." What's the real risk of loss on student loans? The people I know who defaulted all paid in the end, plus interest and penalties. Why punish students who believed the marketing instead of punishing the schools and professors who sold students a degree that isn't worth the cost? And isn't the school also responsible for its actions? Coming soon: left and right wing tech conferences. The previous submission was #1 on the front page for a few minutes before it was flag killed. It wasn't overtly racist or filled with profanity; perhaps some people just wanted to silence it. What kind of extremist attacks a child because of their father's political views? I'd never heard of him either. Now we have. If the goal of banning him from the conference was to suppress his ideas, his opponents remind me of George Bush standing beneath a "Mission Accomplished" banner. What's more likely: a nationwide and unrevealed conspiracy to flip votes in favor of Romney, or that Republican voters in larger/more populous precincts favor Romney more often than voters in smaller precincts? Edit for clarity: by larger/more populous I mean the x-axis on the graphs in the paper, though I forgot that this is only Republican voters and Republican/Democrat split in the precinct is also a factor. The x-axis doesn't necessarily mean rural to urban. Yes, I saw that. The authors ruled out one possible explanation (urban vs rural). Perhaps it's due to gerrymandered districts, republican vs democratic districts, large farm districts vs small towns, small towns vs large cities, or some other factor we can't think of in a few minutes. The authors should rule out a lot more possible explanations before alleging fraud. Allowing some to have a more pleasant experience by excluding others... Once upon a time, liberals argued against that. I've never refused to work with anyone because of their political beliefs. > You wouldn’t expect a petite, fair-haired, 28-year-old woman to be one of the most powerful people in coding. Why not? Repost from yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9674606 Corporations are no different from people in this regard; people often break the law when the penalty is light. The problem is that the penalties for "corporate crime" are so low. If the penalty for bank robbery was only 50% of the profit, no bank in America would be safe. > The future is manufacturers—of devices ranging from phones, to laptops, to cars—being the centralized ops staff for all the devices they make. That's open to so many forms of abuse. Extra-judicial punishment by government agencies and companies, hackers wiping your devices for the lulz, disgruntled employees, ex-spouses... They even censored https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/39ddnb/if_you_dont_... "If you don't believe in freedom of speech for those you loathe, you don't believe in freedom of speech." (1600 points and gone from http://reddit.com/r/bestof ) > The policies are not exactly clear-cut, and neither are the actions of the administration. Understated. I was wrong, it's not ironic at all. Censoring a post criticizing censorship is perfectly consistent. Though not entirely consistent with their statement that "we do protect the right of people to express their views". That statement was posted 10 hours ago in their official announcement of these bans. Would remaining true to their statement for one day really have killed them on the hill? How do you see who it was removed by? > It's akin to a hotel owner disallowing a Klan meeting in the conference room. I think any business owner deserves that right. Would it be acceptable, or legal, if that were a Black Panthers meeting? Or a gay wedding? When we all communicate via a handful of private services, censorship by those services is not trivial. What kind/level of support? Call center staff don't often know such things. Why doesn't the processor do this? Preventing fraud is the most difficult part of payment processing; are they outsourcing it to the merchants? Yes, this paper is building on that work; developing a diet with effects similar to intermittent/prolonged fasting. And north of the Arctic circle? Ok...who gave the computers LSD? > I'm also concerned by reports of abuse, harassment, and discrimination in our community, particularly toward women and other underrepresented groups. Even I have experienced harassment and abuse myself. This may be common in the tech industry but it is not OK. I find it hard to imagine other professionals (doctors, lawyers, accountants, even other engineering disciplines) behaving like this. Is that a failure of imagination on my part or is IT/CS particularly toxic? I didn't mean to imply that there is no "abuse, harassment, and discrimination" in other professions. Of course there are bad people in every field. But are there death threats, rape threats, doxxing, etc, against total strangers? Serious question. I just haven't heard of that, except perhaps in the military and police. > the court said that CloudFlare has to block every user with a domain name that contains “grooveshark,” no matter who owns the site What is the legal basis for this? "Grooveshark" is long and unique, but by this principle, could King.com shut down every domain that contains the word "candy"? From that link: The first user [the smaller company] is virtually always the prevailing party in any trademark litigation. The doctrine of reverse confusion is intended to enable small, senior users to protect their trademark rights against junior users whose marks have gained commercial strength through extensive marketing. reverse confusion can be a powerful weapon in the arsenal of lesser known companies in terms of protecting their trademark rights and as leverage against larger users. Or what charges this agent was threatened with before the plea. It would look like a cliff, as most of the population would be packed on the left. Overhype has always been the enemy of AI/ML, leading to unrealistic expectations, then disappointment, then distrust. But it might be different this time... The programmer won all the battles in court, but GS won the war. Not a 'fictional' entity; a legal construct (perhaps multilayered) that groups ownership of real assets and/or obligations of real people. And how does that relate to the complaints from the moderators of IAmA, Science, etc? Are you calling them juvenile and misogynist too? Switching a neutral article for an opinion piece would bother me even if I agreed with the opinion. > it won't stop you from losing One counter-example: the Taliban Consider the neutral statements that were deleted: “It became clear that the board and I had a different view on the ability of Reddit to grow this year,” Ms. Pao said in an interview. “Because of that, it made sense to bring someone in that shared the same view.” Sam Altman, a member of Reddit’s board, said he personally appreciated Ms. Pao’s efforts during her two years working at the start-up. “Ellen has done a phenomenal job, especially in the last few months,” he said. Also consider what the article left out, like the complaints of IAmA mods about the way Victoria was terminated; the requirement that all employees move to San Francisco; the ban on salary negotiations; the community manager who said he was fired for being too sick to work; the complaints from mods about poor support from the admins. Some opinion pieces explicitly state an opinion. This one conveys an opinion by cherry-picking facts and quotes. Deliberate omission of facts that don't fit a particular opinion is a form of advocacy for that opinion. The NYT is entitled to their opinion, but I think it should be expressed in an editorial, not used to choose what facts to report. You're right about the petition. Mea culpa; it was just moved. What's your source re the salary negotiation policy? Numerous news stories said it was Pao's decision. The move to SF was often brought up again in discussions over the past couple weeks. Contra the misogyny argument, there's anger at reddit that pre-dates Pao. Regarding the Altman quote and Pao's statement that "it made sense to bring someone in that shared the same view", I can see your interpretation, though I disagree. Regarding Victoria's firing: yes, the NYT mentioned it, but without explaining why it angered the mods so much. I hardly ever use reddit, and I'll certainly agree that reddit (especially the default subs) is dominated by young males and can be, at times, misogynistic. If I have an agenda here, it's to ask for better from professional journalists. > I do not think you can win an argument that the Times tried to spin the Victoria Taylor issue out of the article. That's not exactly what I said, and certainly nothing I meant to imply. Allow me to try again: The article ignored the complaints expressed by the moderators. Erring on the side of caution. If a page has included known exploits, it might also include unknown exploits. According to eurostat, Greek consolidated gross debt was 356bn € in 2011, 305bn € in 2012. (This seems to be sometime in the middle of each year.) There was a write-off, but it wasn't enough. We'd need artificial neurons without those limitations. For example, just a few days ago a team from UCSD announced something like that called 'memprocessors'. It's research, but they claim to have built some. http://advances.sciencemag.org/content/1/6/e1500031.full Anything to do other than shoot missiles, run away from hostile missiles, and search planets for resources? I suspect that the PDF states the authors' positions when the paper was written and the SSRN page states their current positions. According to http://www.michaelmakowsky.com/about/ Michael D. Makowsky is currently a professor at Clemson University (as listed on the SSRN page) and was previously a professor at the Center for Advanced Modeling at Johns Hopkins University (as in the PDF). > Fundamentally you're responding to someone saying "Reddit can't be fixed" with "this guy is an idiot; doesn't he understand Reddit can't be fixed?". You're ignoring the part where parent said > it's a tremendously successful community ... Reddit's built a large community of people who don't mind partying next to the biker bar. An anti-authoritarian community that wants free speech, is not politically correct, and isn't advertiser friendly. It may not be an easy community to profit from, but does it need to be "fixed"? I don't use reddit that often; you probably know it better than I do. But when I look at the default home page from time to time I usually see anti-authoritarian content along with the cats, cute posts, and celebrities. For example, right now there are posts about cops shooting a pot dealer, YouTube bullying an app author, and employers reading employee's social media, all the top posts in different default subs. Obtaining evidence while "routing around [AKA respecting] constitutional protections" is the essence of police work in America. > encouraging Congress to pass laws is not in any way police work Who said it was? Police work is obtaining evidence while respecting the Constitution. As technology changes, Congress and the courts must redefine exactly how that can be done, and the police participate in that discussion. The fifth amendment guarantees the right not to be a witness against oneself. It doesn't guarantee unbreakable encryption. That said, I don't think Congress can stop criminals from using encryption and I don't think Congress should stop law-abiding citizens from using encryption. "you will not assert...against us or any of our... customers " Is that Amazon customers or just AWS customers? Either way, that's a lot of people. And the people of Greece would vote for a government that does that? Why would anyone lend to Greece again after debt forgiveness? (Nitpick: the Greeks are the debtors.) The banks and the politicians on both sides have a responsibility. The ordinary young Greeks who will be forced to pay back the debt don't. I agree, but the comment I responded to suggested they wouldn't do that, they'd get loans again despite not reforming, and this crisis would happen again. It seems to me that if anyone loans money again to an unreformed Greece, they've accepted that risk. This came to light six years ago, and barring default or forgiveness, isn't going away soon. Young people who never voted for or against anyone responsible for the debt will suffer for it. People who haven't even been born yet might end up repaying the debt. "Democratically-shared blame" is the ludicrous option. I think the idea that capital is power is already widely accepted. The problem is that the alternatives to laissez-faire economics are corruption and cronyism. Is there any society where the government can be trusted to regulate the economy without favoring the powerful and perpetuating inequality? > Since the weight of 1 nucleus of 25 is 3.88*10-22 gram/nucleus Anyone know why U-235 is called 25 (section 4), or why the atomic mass is slightly off? (233.66 amu) Of course this is for companies that want to make hiring (or at least interviewing) decisions based on race. Applicants can apply directly for race-blind selection. The advantage this service provides to applicants is identifying them as members of underrepresented groups for special consideration; the advantage it provides to companies is identifying these applicants to improve corporate "diversity" (in the narrow identity-politics sense). I'm not against it, but let's be honest about it. Do college educated people of color with tech skills currently have trouble finding work in the industry, or is the problem that there simply aren't enough people like that? You may be addressing the wrong problem. > Compared to similarly-educated, similary-skilled white people, my impression is, on average, yes. Is that based on personal experience, data, or ? What are minorities with technical backgrounds doing now? I'm just wondering if they're already working in technical jobs, and you're only moving them around. Details from http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/uber-fined-7m-kee... > The judge agreed with utility commission staff who said Uber has not filed all required reports, specifically about how often it provided disabled-accessible vehicles when requested, places where drivers tend to turn down ride requests, and the causes of accidents. By that vague definition, doesn't /r/politics "abuse" Republicans? Reddit still lacks an objective definition for "harassment". (So does the world, I think.) > When was reddit arbitrarily banning things they don't like? When they banned five subreddits (actually quite a few more than that, but five were announced), without a clear policy that could be fairly enforced on all subs. FPH wasn't the only sub banned, and brigading was not mentioned by reddit as a reason for the bans. https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/39bpam/remov... I don't know who said this, but I heard it somewhere: "If you support free speech, you can count on being accused of supporting the worst things anyone can say." That seems to be about failure to file some required reports. I'm sure Uber will comply before they're suspended in California. > The judge agreed with utility commission staff who said Uber has not filed all required reports, specifically about how often it provided disabled-accessible vehicles when requested, places where drivers tend to turn down ride requests, and the causes of accidents. http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/uber-fined-7m-kee... I agree. /r/politics shouldn't be banned for harassment, bullying, or abuse, but it could qualify under some definitions. For example, check out the comments on https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3di5ty/ben_carson... I'm not sure we've established that. If reddit is stricter than the law in banning cyber harassment and some non-consensual photographs, they aren't much stricter. There are laws against those things in California. Well, we have the usual insults about Republicans: racist, crazy, bigots, stupid. > The GOP can't run a black guy. The rift between voting Republican and maintaining baseless hatred for minorities would cause too many voters' heads to explode. > You're talking as though the republican electorate has a memory. > Can you all just admit that the entire republican party represents the ideals that this guy embraces (hating gay people) and what Donald Trump continues to spew (hating immigrants and hispanics). The specific baseless suggestion for this post: Ben Carson wants to kill gays (because he accepted an invitation). > Ben "Compassionate Execution" Carson > i.e. gays are like insects? Wait, best not to give Carson any ideas... A random suggestion that Ben Carson is a drug abuser: > I can't comprehend how a Doctor that graduated from John Hopkins and Yale turned out the way he did. > ... > unfettered access to the best drugs? Some random insults: > Bobby "Stupid Party" Jindal, Tom "Tehran" Cotton, James "Senator Snowball" Inhofe, Bobby "the exorcist" Jindal > Alas, it is true...Ben Carson does not have a neocortex. All fairly typical for a political discussion, I know. Still disgusting. (Speaking as a liberal-leaning independent.) All of those (except spam) are slightly wider nets centered on things that are illegal. See, for example CA penal code sections 422, 653m, and 653.2. Politicians used to kill each other (legally even) over politics. Just bullying and abusing each other is progress. Were we talking about harassment laws? I thought we were talking about a much wider definition of harassment, wider even than reddit policies - one which might include /r/coontown (and perhaps also /r/politics). > One of the "rules" is that nobody is allowed to talk about how he won. If the goal of this thought experiment is to convince people that an AI can't be contained in a box, why keep his method secret? And if only he, his friends, and supporters can verify that he has won, that's not a very strong claim. No way a self driving car can rely on Internet access to "perform basic driving functions". Lag and connection failures would kill people. They might need Internet access for updates, in which case, there should be a physical switch that connects the net and disables the engine. Reckless endangerment/criminal negligence is a crime even if nobody is harmed. The hackers may have crossed the line if they disabled the engine on a narrow stretch of a busy highway. It should be investigated. It's not perfect, but an air gap can help reduce the attack surface and interval. Better code quality is important too, of course. I agree with cameldrv that it's going to be a challenge. It's the third animation like this I've seen today, with text cycling far too fast to read. I hope it's not a new trend. I find it worrying that the only people who feel safe speaking publicly on so many issues are people who profit from controversy and people with nothing to lose. Has anyone here been pulled over for failing to signal a lane change? The fine was levied against the BPAS for failing to secure the data properly. The incident drew the attention of the Information Commissioner's Office who found BPAS's security didn't meet the legal requirements. There's always been a market for low-quality tabloid journalism, and a market for high-quality journalism. Gawker et al are competing for the first market, not the second. When I was 20 I would have loved games like this that share experiences and deep truths. Now that I'm a bit older I just want games that help me escape those experiences and deep truths. > Your debt ( Greeces) is like 177 times your GDP. 177% of GDP, which is 1.77 times. For comparison, Belgium is at about 100% of GDP. > I'm a Belgian and even every Belgian pays 1000€ for Greek financial support That money doesn't go to the Greek people. It's used to preserve the international banking system. Yes, bad loans were made in the past. Financial support "to Greece" now goes to the holders of those bad debts: mostly governments, the IMF, and the ECB. Including the value of donations of free labor, I suspect Wikipedia is much better funded than Zynga. Oil is a portion of the price of every other commodity. They all require energy to extract/produce and transport. > safe harbor levels enshrined in Prop 65 are unrealistically low If I understand the regulations correctly, the Prop 65 limit for lead is about 100x more restrictive than EPA standards for drinking water. According to http://oehha.ca.gov/prop65/pdf/safeharbor081513.pdf the Prop 65 Maximum Allowable Dose Level for lead is 0.5ug per day (assuming the lower of the two safe harbor levels applies). According to http://water.epa.gov/drink/contaminants/index.cfm the EPA's action level for lead in drinking water is 15ug per liter (and people drink more than one liter of water per day). Personally, I upvoted this because it is the first I've heard about lead and cadmium levels in Soylent. I don't know if the complaints have any merit but I hope a full discussion will lead to a better understanding. Prop 65 is per day, EPA is per liter. I calculated for drinking 3 liters per day. Where does 12*0.5 come from? Absolutely. I meant "allegedly unsafe" levels. (15 ug/liter) / (0.5 ug/day) = 30 day/liter. To get a ratio, we need to multiply by the number of liters of drinking water people drink per day (3 is recommended for men in temperate climates). 15 ug/liter * 3 liter/day = 45 ug/day would seem to be the EPA's idea of an acceptable daily dose from water. 3 servings of Soylent per day would come close, but not quite reach that level. Of course, the EPA's action level might be unhealthfully high. It might have been flagkilled. It was interesting information, but perhaps not the best source or most balanced coverage. Good point, but that low "average daily intake of plain drinking water" is because most people drink other beverages, many of which are made from tap water. I'd love to know how both limits were decided. Most startup founders don't have as much negotiating power as Zuck did with Facebook. I agree, particularly when pron claims that history is part of the huge body of evidence against gender biases. pron, what is the evidence from history against traditional gender biases? According to http://www.justice.gov/usao-ndca/divisions > The Special Prosecutions and National Security Unit is responsible for supporting counterterrorism and counterespionage investigations and prosecutions in the district. In addition, the Special Prosecutions and National Security Unit prosecutes public corruption, environmental, civil rights, child exploitation, illegal export, and immigration cases. In the US, something made by an employee within the scope of his or her employment is a work made for hire and the employer owns the copyright. Non-employees could also agree to a contract transferring copyright or, in some limited circumstances, agreeing the work is a work made for hire. But I'm fairly sure that you're wrong about things you write for school, unless you're an employee of the school or you signed something transferring copyright. This kind of political opposition might explain why less research exists documenting the existence of sex differences. Where does that definition of personal bias come from? It seems to me that the dictionary definition and common understanding of personal bias is "a bias held by a particular person". I've often seen social engineering redefine terms to redirect or derail discussions and find that very Orwellian. And yet through all of that, some gender differences have remained. History is open to interpretation. I actually see what you mentioned as evidence against your position. It's clear that people were able to overcome pervasive biases far more extreme than our current biases. And yet some argue that implicit biases are responsible for the remaining differences. History shows that bias can be overcome even when overt and widespread. The intractability of the remaining differences in a nation where bias is widely opposed suggests a cause stronger than bias. Do you believe that political manipulation by careful use of language exists? That's a big difference between Zeus's wrath and Orwellian tactics. One is real. Perhaps social science should be more aware, or more open about, the political influence of its chosen terms, if it wants to be a neutral search for truth. But I admit, I may have misinterpreted your definitions. From your examples, I thought you meant that personal bias was about something of little social import, like blue vs green, while a bias regarding other people (even one held personally) was not a personal bias. > History shows that anything that women or minorities struggled for, they eventually got and old entrenched biases dissipated. Absolutely. The differences between genders have far more to do with preferences than with abilities. Women can have anything they choose, and, in aggregate, they choose different things than men. The state of China's economy (of which this action is a small part) has a lot of ramifications. I assume China is making these trades in the foreign exchange market. (Which is like a stock market for trading currencies.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_exchange_market If so, anyone could be on the other side of the trade, including other governments, banks, speculators, investors, and businesses. The USD are transferred to the other party, out of China if appropriate. The thing that really annoys me about a comment like yours is that it implies the choices people currently make are wrong. You’re suggesting that social scientists know better than the people themselves what they should choose. And then you attempt to demonize anyone who disagrees with you. Why did it annoy you when I said that "Women can have anything they choose, and, in aggregate, they choose different things than men”? Do you disagree with that factually, or were you annoyed because you don't like the choices people make? Would you, if you could, change other people’s choices by changing social pressures to fit your agenda? > all human choices, and in particular "aggregate" or statistical choices made by groups are very, very strongly influenced by social pressure Influenced, perhaps, yet recent history is full of people defying immense social pressure and even the law in order to do things they want to do. Subtle social pressure is clearly not the only, nor the strongest, influence. > The thing we feminists care about is this distribution of power. And so you try to influence other people, and in particular other women, to do what you want them to do. That’s certainly common enough in both business and politics. But it is advertising. Not science, not especially noble, nor a moral imperative. > Opposing this agenda means you're in favor of keeping the social pressures as they are, i.e. continuing the ongoing practice of actively maintaining inequality. No, I’m in favor of allowing, and helping, all people to do what they want to do (as long as it doesn’t harm others). I’m against controlling people to advance any agenda. I agree with a lot what you said, but: > A field of study is not a science without replicability. excludes paleontology, geology, climatology, astrophysics, and many other physical sciences. > "I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat." There's a vast difference in values between us. I'm happy to let you do anything you want to do - even try to convince others that they should do what you want. You accuse people who don't agree with you of being uneducated automatons who want women to be doormats. > a simple statement of fact But it's not. It's an (incorrect) assumption. I have, in fact, read the research you're talking about. I'm familiar with the ideas you're advocating. There's some truth to it. And a lot of problems. And a lot of research that invalidates your conclusions. But there's an agenda at work, driving people who don't fall in line with that agenda out of academia. And having some familiarity with the ways "science" can be manipulated to suit an agenda, I'm not blinded or silenced when you say "research". In the physical sciences, if research doesn't agree with theory, the theory is updated. In the social "sciences", if research doesn't agree with theory, the researcher is discredited and the research ignored. Worth repeating: > Problems of non-reproducibility, publication bias, data faking, lack of transparency, and the like plague every scientific field. > Ethics can be the result of empathy and reason, but empathy cannot be a product of any of the qualities he mentions. He claims it can, but I agree with you. Empathy is an emotional quality, while common sense, creativity, ethics, intuition, memory, and reason are not. > The only good question you can ask about a law: > "What are its consequences?" Also, what are the consequences of not having the law? Which I suspect was the intended meaning of: > what was the justification for imposing such a restrictive rule? > it is state law that the state or government contractor cannot ask about a criminal background until a formal offer of employment is on the table. What happens if the answer is "Yes, I've been convicted of a serious felony" after a formal offer of employment is on the table? What's the alternative to allowing Google to rank results as it chooses? And if you choose to gamble, playing the state run lottery (and not some other form of gambling) is mandatory. "He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster." "But I say to you, Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, so that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven; for he makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust." Outrage culture activists are children, morally speaking, who discovered a weapon, but have not learned how to use it responsibly. Thinking others "have all the power" and themselves powerless, they ignore the harm they cause. And one day they may awake to discover that they became the very thing they hated. "You aren’t superior to the people who were cruel to you. You’re just a whole bunch of new cruel people." The author volunteered to cook in the camp. Surely there are also volunteers who explain how to apply for asylum in France? The cost per item for RFID tags is still much higher than the cost of a few seconds of a cashier's time to scan the item. VC backed companies are focused on capturing a market as quickly as possible. A free or below cost product helps with that goal, as does having a lot more money than bootstrapping could provide. If you think of a VC as a conglomerate, startups are money losing R&D and market research divisions, searching for the next goose that lays golden eggs. This sounds great for those who are able to participate, but dare I ask why it's divided by race and gender? If it's about helping those who most need it, who most needs YC's help: Obama's daughters or a group of poor white boys? If YC is reaching out to marginalized people, are race and gender really good proxies for "marginalized"? And if YC is seeking to increase the diversity of its membership, how many children of blue collar workers from Montana, say, are in YC now? ... Downvotes instead of honest responses. Sadly predictable. I asked a few questions, and I'm honestly interested in the responses. There may be very good reasons for the racial and gender bias in this program. Political, economic, marketing, correction for past bias by YC, or bias in other VCs, or who knows. But asking for justification should be the stock response to such unabashed racism and sexism. I'm not sure how to interpret that. Does that mean those months are effectively primarily for white and Asian males, since many of the female, black, and Hispanic candidates will go to the exclusive sessions? Indeed, but if the best candidates are equally distributed across race and gender, and just black, Hispanic, and female founders are chosen for exclusive sessions, the best of the remaining candidates would be those that didn't qualify for the exclusive sessions. Good luck, sincerely. That's a noble goal. I do hope you will do so with subtlety and insight. Favoring the most easily recognized and most politically significant demographic groups is a reasonable first step, but if it's the only step you take it may simply increase the tension of identity politics. We've already seen, elsewhere in these comments, people you've left out asking for you to include them as well. For every one who speaks I'm sure there are many more who remain silent. It's more than 20 minutes including preparation and travel time. Looks like you've been downvoted too. It's interesting how intolerant some people are about even the most reasonable criticisms of racial preference policies. Instead of offering a reasonable response to these criticisms, they often resort to attempts to silence critics. It also has an unfortunate signalling effect to people (Native Americans, for example) who don't belong to either the traditionally or the newly favored group. Is it really limited to the branch offices? Over the years, JP Morgan has been fined $35 billion. http://www.dividend.com/dividend-education/a-brief-history-o... And that's just for the cases the government caught and proved. Which were for things that weren't illegal? Perhaps, but if the next session were for black and Latino founders, and Obama's daughters applied, would YC really pass up the chance to work with them ASAP? I just stumbled on an amusing use of the term gentrification: Average Silicon Valley millionaires are being displaced by gentrifying billionaires http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/216500/average-silicon-valle... Is it fair to characterize Volkswagen's response as "blame the engineer"? For example, from http://www.wsj.com/articles/vw-shares-up-ahead-of-emissions-... > Volkswagen has suspended nine managers suspected of being involved in the fraud > Volkswagen has replaced six executives since the beginning of the year and has switched leadership of seven of its dozen brands. > Volkswagen also disclosed in November that employees had tipped management off to another unrelated issue, saying the company had understated greenhouse-gas emissions and fuel consumption on up to 800,000 gasoline-powered cars. After an internal investigation, Volkswagen lowered that figure to fewer than 50,000 cars. Those numbers include settlements. > This quarter, some banks paid out so much in litigation fees — including billable hours, court costs, and settlement payouts Calling it concern trolling is just another way to try to silence critics, and avoid considering the criticism when you have no response. This discussion has gone on for a while, and included dozens of downvotes and a few rational distractions, but not one response to the original questions. At least a few should be, like Native Americans, Muslims, and disabled. Perhaps LGBT, if they're underrepresented in SV. I've seen people say they stopped visiting Hacker News because it includes so much non-programming/startup content. No, I'm not that interested. I like the non-programming/startup content. But every post from the beginning is still available. It wouldn't be too hard to write an app to research that question if you are. A fairly recent archive: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10002791 > Nobody gets in trouble these days for expressing the sentiment that we need more women, blacks, and Latinos in tech I think that's true in California, but politically correct favoritism that ignores class helps fuel right-wing extremism. Perhaps I see that more clearly because I don't live in the SV bubble. It's not a Ponzi scheme if startups donate stickers for them to give away. For this reason, as consumers, it's in our long-term interest to use Uber competitors instead of Uber. It's hard to fathom how much human-level AI could benefit society, and it's equally hard to imagine how much it could damage society if built or used incorrectly. The high-stakes wager isn't success vs failure in creating strong AI, it's what happens if you do succeed. > Now we're still slowly getting boiled to death That's exaggerating. Science doesn't predict such a dire outcome. http://climate.nasa.gov/effects/ How much of that scenario are actual scientific predictions? Sources? What was Stalin's reaction? A modern version of barrage balloons. Even mathematical axioms are fertile ground for further research. Non-Euclidean geometry, for example, was born when mathematicians asked why Euclid's fifth postulate (the parallel postulate) is true. And they'd have to be updated for every build of Chrome. > Congressional leaders agree that passing legislation according to [the Schumer-Portman] framework would stop inversions Until another country offers an even better tax deal to attract multi-national corporations. Pro-Imperial writers so often ignore the bombing of Alderaan. This isn't really about the movies. It's a little bit clickbait, but it might also have some value if it gives someone a different perspective on terrorism. Why should racketeering and money laundering be more serious than the underlying crimes? Those charges seem serious because they're associated with organized crime, but that's not the case here. The US-New Zealand extradition treaty (1970) doesn't include copyright infringement, racketeering or money laundering as extraditable offenses. The only extraditable offense that seems remotely close is: > Receiving and transporting any money, valuable securities or other property knowing the same to have been unlawfully obtained. Can an attacker bypass this by using the serial number and validity period from an already issued certificate? In addition, many less than 5-year-old Android phones (pre-Gingerbread) don't support SHA-2. TLS 1.2 (RFC 5246) added support for SHA-2 in August 2008. Android Froyo was apparently released in May 2010 without support for TLS 1.2 or SHA-2. Why the delay? Edit: Just found this: > Android has the technical capability of handling SHA-256 certificates right from version 1.0. In practice, some users may encounter issues with validating certificates that use cross certificates (these help chain certificates to alternate roots). 1.6 improved this issue for some users, with the issue being resolved as of version 2.2. https://support.globalsign.com/customer/portal/articles/1499... which helps explain the situation with SHA-2, but not the delay in implementing TLS 1.2. Verifying the truth of every anecdote, review, news report, and wiki page Google links to sounds far more difficult than managing copyright claims. If this stands, will everyone in Australia be able to have pages about them removed from Google searches with a simple request? http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-12-23/google-ordered-to-pay-... mentions extracts, links, and auto-complete results. My interpretation was that all three were considered defamatory. > not losing your investors capital is priority #1 Recent evidence suggests otherwise. It won't be a billion poor people getting free Facebook access. Indians who can afford smartphones and electricity, but not a basic data plan (how many?), will be getting Facebook access at the price of being subjected to advertising, tracking, etc. > 2.8 billion people live on less than 2 dollars a day. A second hand smart phone might go for 20 dollars. So its a few weeks worth of savings. Ten weeks income , and someone who lives on 2 dollars a day can't afford to save 100% of their income to buy a smartphone. And how much would used smartphone prices increase if a billion people wanted to buy one? Sharing or renting makes more sense, but in that case, why not share the cost of a data plan? I misread. 10 days income. I was thinking something similar. Light therapy is a common treatment for seasonal affective disorder and depression. Just speculating, but this sounds like a public health version of that, something like adding iodine to salt or fluoride to drinking water. > we found one randomised controlled study > the small sample size of the only available study The only study? https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=light+therapy+depressio... There are numerous studies showing a benefit from light therapy. It is true that the the quality of the evidence could be improved. That's a political/financial issue, not a reflection of the efficacy (or lack thereof) of light therapy. The available evidence supports the treatment. Of course. Here are three randomized, controlled studies just from the first page of the Google Scholar results: http://archpsyc.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=20429... http://ajp.psychiatryonline.org/doi/full/10.1176/ajp.2006.16... http://archpsyc.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=20433... Apparently, 91 papers passed Nussbaumer et al's assessment of the abstract (and were presumably randomized, controlled trials): We assessed 91 full-text papers for inclusion in the review, but only one study providing data from 46 people met our eligibility criteria. Those eligibility criteria were: For efficacy, we included randomised controlled trials on adults with a history of winter-type SAD who were free of symptoms at the beginning of the study. I think it may have been the focus on prevention (rather than treatment of symptomatic depression) that excluded all the other papers. I just skimmed the paper the paper the first time and didn't notice that the authors were searching for studies of a very specific question: prevention (excluding treatment) of seasonal affective disorder (excluding any other form of depression). To sum up, with less vitriol: Paul Graham: > Variation in productivity is far from the only source of economic inequality, but it is the irreducible core of it Holly Wood: > [Paul Graham] assumes people who are not rich are not driven, and so he ignores...the probability that the poors are poor because they are busy being driven at enterprises that people like Paul Graham think are valueless. Like childcare. Or science. Or academia. Or education. What did Microsoft provide that didn't exist at its time? Ami[1] was the first word processor for Windows, and Lotus 1-2-3 was available for Windows 3.0 (the first commercially successful version of Windows). 1: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Am%C3%AD HSV might result in rather artistic results with appropriate saturation and unnatural hues. I'd love to see the results. Using uBlock Origin and Ghostery here. I had no problem getting to the story. An assembly line isn't comparable to software engineering - it's closer to a compiler. Yes, that is a better analogy. How would his insurance company "use it against him"? Proving he was at fault would also prove his insurance company had to pay for the accident. Diamond jewelry is a luxury good whose primary purpose is to signal wealth. A "discount diamond" inevitably fails at that purpose. The signaling value comes from the cost of the diamond. "Wasting" a lot of money on something so impractical proves you have wealth to waste, and spending a lot of money on a gift to a loved one proves that person is valuable to you. Pay less for a synthetic and admit it, and you've signaled a lack of sufficient wealth to buy a real diamond. Pretend a synthetic diamond is real and you're deceiving people. Either way the synthetic diamond is signalling something undesirable (to the target market for diamonds) precisely because it costs less. Unfortunately the full article is behind a paywall, but I wonder how many assumptions the authors must have made to specify not only the amount of carbon that can be released, not only the balance of coal, oil, and gas that can be consumed, but the regional distribution of that consumption. Sounds more like politics than science, and neither the Guardian article nor the abstract explain the reasoning why some carbon is ok and other carbon must be kept below ground. Are we meant to merely accept it on authority? And why 2C? A number that round almost certainly has no scientific significance, and was probably chosen for psychological and political reasons. It's a completely arbitrary target, but we are meant to feel fear that we won't meet it. Articles like this give people who aren't inclined to believe in climate change more reason to suspect it's a scam (something I've often heard them claim). Who do you think might be "punishing" women for their career choices? Do you think someone is purposely organizing the system so that women are paid less? > Someone is organizing the system to pay the lowest possible wages. For everyone. The rest of your comment seems to be about ancient history - what did you mean to say about society today? Great idea. Perhaps an AI that recognizes what we eat from a cell phone photo and tracks nutrition. Sounds possible at least for prepackaged and restaurant/fast food. And you think the "patriarchy" is paying women as little as possible, but not men? I think the people who make such decisions pay everyone as little as possible. On an individual level, perhaps, but how would individual negotiations explain the difference in pay between whole professions (where most of the pay gap is)? Was it this miniature near-infrared spectrometer? > The SCiO, a handheld "pocket molecular sensor" available now on Kickstarter, gives you the data on your food. http://www.fastcoexist.com/3030342/fund-this/this-tiny-devic... Also found this plate with 3 scales and cameras that uses object recognition algorithms to identify food: > This Smart Plate Tells You How Many Calories You're Eating—And Whether You're Eating Too Fast > The ultimate in portion control: a plate that yells at you. http://www.fastcoexist.com/3045810/world-changing-ideas/this... Good points, but did you miss the discussion nearby? It seems someone already made a plate with cameras with object recognition to identify food and 3 scales to determine the volume. > http://www.fastcoexist.com/3045810/world-changing-ideas/this... That's rather vague and "shadowy". I was just jokingly returning the "shadowy" allegation back over the net. The narrative on copyright has been dominated by big media because every political narrative has been dominated by big media and big money. Those of us who get information from relatively unfiltered and uncontrolled sources via the Internet have long had a different perspective on copyright than those who don't. I too hope that big media's control of the conversation is coming to an end - but they won't lose that control without a fight. > Why should great journalism on screen be free when everything else comes at a price? Much of what once came at a price is now available for free (to users). From sites like YouTube, Coursera, EdX, Skype, open access journals, etc. to content created and shared for free by millions of people on social media. Why would news be different? A "middle man" isn't of dubious value and parasitic, the role is essential to connect producer and consumer, whether that be artist to listener, scientist to reader, teacher to student, or, in the case of news, witness or spokesperson to the rest of us. But it's a role increasingly performed by technology, and the traditional media may be as obsolete now as other middle men. Of course someone has to pay for that, but the service can be free for many users, paid for by alternative revenue models. http://independent.co.uk/ There is more than fluff there. For example: "Suspected Russian air strikes destroy MSF children's hospital - despite so-called Syria 'ceasefire" and "Anger as boycott of Israeli goods to become a criminal offense" and a lot more. > The highly integrated chips used in these devices mean that it's desirable to build processors that aren't just logic and cache, but which also include RAM, power regulation, analog components for GPS, cellular, and Wi-Fi radios, or even microelectromechanical components such as gyroscopes and accelerometers. This sounds like very bad news for companies that currently make those components. Parallel computing became important recently because even though transistor density was still increasing, heat issues forced the division of CPUs into multiple cores. Parallel computing was required to use all the transistors. With the end of Moore's law, we won't get more performance with that approach either. ...a good reason not to kill anyone without more than the decision of an AI or a council of human bureaucrats and politicians. Is it necessary to clone such a device, or would it suffice to implement only the challenge/response pairs stored on the device that sends the challenges and checks the responses? But what can be done with the challenges that uses the "infinite" set of possible challenges instead of a finite subset that has been stored on another device? In other words, if a fake responds with anything it wants for challenges that aren't stored on the other device (the challenger), how would the challenger know the response didn't match what the real PUF would send? Do you have a source? I don't see that detail in the Wikipedia article and didn't find confirmation in a few Google searches. I'm not sure "evaluate" means "verify that it actually came from the PUF", though it is one possible interpretation. Both could apply. Overruling the result of a popular vote with votes from party insiders would be like denying people the right to vote by allowing the ritual of voting then ignoring the votes. I understand the idea, I'm just looking for confirmation - more than one vague, uncited sentence on Wikipedia whose meaning is unclear. Have you worked with these? I ask because you seem to be acting like an expert. Have you based everything you said here solely on your interpretation of the Wiki article? "The US government is a thug" isn't an argument that the Chinese government isn't a thug. It's quite possible to think they're both thugs. I like to imagine that in the end the people run things. (I know, I know.) Apple may have to comply with this order (after appeals), but this also helps muster the troops for the battle against universal backdoors. Reportedly, China wants to move tens or hundreds of millions of people to the "ghost cities" by 2020. http://europe.chinadaily.com.cn/epaper/2015-07/03/content_21... http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/18/world/asia/china-releases-... http://www.techinsider.io/heres-chinas-big-plan-to-move-a-po... It's seems like a strange plan: build empty cities then move people to them en masse. I guess it makes more sense for a centrally planned economy. Coordination through the market is far from perfect. The market has myopia and rarely makes huge long-term investments, and sometimes it leads people off a cliff like a band of lemmings. For example, it's given the United States a plethora of entertainment but decaying infrastructure, and the housing and dot-com bubbles. The best system seems to be a mix of both central planning and private markets. Yes, strange was not the right word. What China is doing is like building a whole housing development before selling any, but on a much larger scale. It's the scale that I find striking. Because the best case scenario for a weapon is that merely having it prevents an attack. Would you agree that the worst abuses (like NINJA loans and selling assets known to be toxic) weren't centrally planned? I'll grant that - obviously the government failed to prevent the housing bubble - but I think the bubble and the crash were fundamentally driven by market forces. And central planning was essential to the clean up afterwards. I think that supports the idea that a mix of the two is best. That link shows that the "share of mortgages backed by the government" dropped during the bubble and fell as low as (about) 38%, and it didn't increase until after housing prices peaked. I think you've misinterpreted the statistic you quoted. During the bubble, lenders found easy money for mortgages from private markets, and it was after the bubble ended that the government stepped in to prop up prices. Clearly, Trump has mastered traditional media, but would the way he's done so be possible without social media? The traditional media coverage of Trump is generally negative, and his signature "Say something outrageous and spark a conversation" style relies on social media, where the conversation happens. Without that, would he just be "that rich guy the media always makes fun of"? Indeed, but isn't the widespread antiestablishmentarianism also nurtured primarily in social media? Long before the 60s, actually. Social media isn't required for revolution, obviously, but it feeds antiestablishment movements more effectively than underground printing presses and independent radio did. At least for the moment. Perhaps a new establishment will arise that's learned to control the Internet as well as previous establishments controlled other media. Sometimes shaming works, sometimes it doesn't, and sometimes the mob is misinformed and crucifies an innocent. The courts have already ruled that code is speech. In Universal City Studios, Inc. v. Corley (the case about the DVD decryption tool DeCSS), the Court of Appeals stated: > Computer programs are not exempted from the category of First Amendment speech simply because their instructions require use of a computer. > we join the other courts that have concluded that computer code, and computer programs constructed from code, can merit First Amendment protection, although the scope of such protection remains to be determined. But First Amendment protections are not unlimited. The court ruled in that case (and others) that: > the scope of protection for speech generally depends on whether the restriction is imposed because of the content of the speech. Content-based restrictions are permissible only if they serve compelling state interests and do so by the least restrictive means available. A content-neutral restriction is permissible if it serves a substantial governmental interest, the interest is unrelated to the suppression of free expression, and the regulation is narrowly tailored, which "in this context requires . . . that the means chosen do not ‘burden substantially more speech than is necessary to further the government's legitimate interests.'" It's not "sexist" to acknowledge reality. Men and women (on average) have different hormone levels, and those hormones do effect our emotions and our choices. Untrue, but rather than link to a few of the many studies that do show an effect, let me ask: If not hormonal, how do you explain the emotional changes in post-partum depression, menopause, pregnancy, 'roid rage, sympathetic pregancy...? Which raises a question very similar to the one losteric asked earlier: is the idea that women are more nuturing and more attached to children an archaic, false belief, or a biological fact? I don't know the answer, but merely asking the question as losteric did is not sexist. This could be a long debate. To simplify, do you know of any scientific or medical sources that say "hormones (within natural occurring levels) have very minimal effect on emotion" as you claimed earlier? In context: "We're building monetisation into the product right now," says Williams, predicting a roll-out of the features within a month or so. "We're not limiting ourselves to advertising," he says, stressing that Medium won't become a mess of banner ads but instead "sponsored" content. "I also think there's a lot of potential for premium or subscription or even user-paid content. Some sort of paywall or membership." Sounds like sponsored content is the works right now, and paywalls are being considered. Does quora have a paywall? I've never bothered to go past the login wall. (I just Google what I want to read.) While that makes sense, when these companies aspire to be the dominant platform, an oligarchy, or even a monopoly if they could, their power over public discourse is concerning. Independent blogs and forums, and even independent media, are declining. The future is trending toward hosted content, with only a few hosts. Administered hormones are not equivalent to natural hormones (which is a significant problem with HRT). And those quotes are not quite "hormones (within natural occurring levels) have very minimal effect on emotion". "the impact of estrogen on emotion varies" And another quote from the study you quoted (Effects of testosterone on mood, aggression, and sexual behavior in young men: a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study): "Increased circulating T was associated with significant increases in anger-hostility from baseline (mean score = 7.48) to wk 2 (mean score = 10.71)" 7.48 to 10.71 doesn't seem like a very minimal change. ---- Since you quoted WebMD (perhaps a useful summary) I will as well: "It's clear that estrogen is closely linked with women's emotional well-being. Depression and anxiety affect women in their estrogen-producing years more often than men or postmenopausal women. Estrogen is also linked to mood disruptions that occur only in women -- premenstrual syndrome, premenstrual dysphoric disorder, and postpartum depression." And from another article: "Declining estrogen levels associated with menopause can cause more than those pesky hot flashes. They can also make a woman feel like she is in a constant state of PMS (premenstrual syndrome). Unfortunately, these emotional changes are a normal part of menopause." "Some of the emotional changes experienced by women undergoing perimenopause or menopause can include: Irritability, Feelings of sadness, Lack of motivation, Anxiety, Aggressiveness, Difficulty concentrating, Fatigue, Mood changes, and Tension." ---- Perhaps we can agree. I'm not sure exactly what you mean by regulative, but I agree that emotions are complicated and hormones are not the only influence, nor is the relationship a simple cause and effect. On the other hand, there's significant evidence that hormones do effect emotion, including perhaps the most striking example which I somehow forgot earlier: puberty. And their prenatal effect on the structure of the brain. Would you agree hormones do effect emotions, but aren't the only factor, and the relationship is complicated, unpredictable, and varies between individuals? The literature I've read says hormones are "involved in the creation of the brain". "Steroid hormones are a dominant and pervasive source of sex differences by mediating developmental processes that are enduring and establish adult physiological and behavioural responses relevant to the reproductive constraints of each sex." From Multifaceted origins of sex differences in the brain , 1 February 2016, an open access article. http://rstb.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/371/1688/2015... We accept certain limits on free speech, even when the First Amendment applies. Encouraging a few powerful companies to censor anything they like, without restriction, because their platforms are private property is different from accepting reasonable censorship. Are there people with no aggression? I think you may mean (and if this is the case I generally agree) that when hormones trigger behaviors such as road rage, those behaviors have already been learned. Likewise, testosterone is unlikely to cause someone to shoot another driver because significant inhibitions against that behavior have been learned. But hormones have an effect even in early childhood and before birth, when no behaviors have been learned yet. Prenatal hormones affect brain structure, and studies have found a link between hormones in children as young as 3 months and their choice of toys.[1] [1] http://www.livescience.com/22677-girls-dolls-boys-toy-trucks... > So go start your own! Unfortunately most of us aren't billionaires. "The press is free, for anyone that owns one." I never said that hormones were the only influence, in fact I agree that genetics is also important. Regarding behavior, and specifically the SDN, consider, for example: The volume of a sexually dimorphic nucleus in the ovine medial preoptic area/anterior hypothalamus varies with sexual partner preference. Endocrinology. 2004 "In addition to a sex difference, we found that the volume of the oSDN was two times greater in female-oriented rams than in male-oriented rams." Wired on steroids: sexual differentiation of the brain and its role in the expression of sexual partner preferences. Front Endocrinol (Lausanne). 2011 "Development of female-directed partner preference in the male is dependent on exposure of the developing brain to gonadal steroids synthesized during critical periods of sexual differentiation of the central nervous system" The development of male-oriented behavior in rams. Front Neuroendocrinol. 2011 "Although our understanding of the biological determinants and underlying neural substrates of sexual attraction and mate selection are far from complete, compelling evidence is discussed that supports the idea that neural substrates regulating sexual partner preferences are organized during prenatal development" RDJ wasn't playing a black man. He was playing a white character who was wearing blackface, and Tropic Thunder was actually agreeing that that's wrong. Tropic Thunder got away with blackface for the same reason Saturday Night Live gets away with offensive jokes. It's satire, and they're mocking the offensive acts. Particularly in this case, if the WaPo is right and the party was organized by a student of Colombian descent. Telling a Latino that mini-sombreros are offensive - the gall is extraordinary. Recent dramas highlight the underlying power structures in Bitcoin and reddit, so it's now clear that neither is truly libertarian, but Bitcoin was often promised as a libertarian alternative to traditional currencies, and reddit was once promised as a libertarian "bastion of free speech on the worldwide web". Perhaps the lesson here is that libertarian promises are, at best, temporary. I'm using uBlock Origin and still see these. First Microsoft will have to move people to Windows 10 (currently at less than 15% market share). A more relevant statistic, thank you, but also a reminder that Steam is another obstacle to UWP. Would developers prefer their games to be on Steam or on the Windows Store? What they found matches what Trump himself said: “I gave to many people before this -- before two months ago I was a businessman. I give to everybody. When they call, I give. And you know what, when I need something from them two years later, three years later, I call them. They are there for me. That's a broken system.” The KKK was likewise once supported by a majority of voters and many politicians. The people didn't support assassination and terrorism, in fact those helped bring down the KKK, but they did support the goal of white Protestant supremacy. At its height in the 1920s, before the KKK's downfall in scandal, "claimed Klan membership exceeded four million and comprised 20% of the adult white male population in many broad geographic regions, and 40% in some areas". (cited on Wikipedia). Klan member Edward L. Jackson was elected governor of Indiana, and "Although the full extent of the Klan's power was unknown at that time, it claimed that its members occupied more than half the seats in the Indiana General Assembly, and a large percentage of the local offices in Indiana." (Wikipedia again, but uncited) Regarding Eich, while I don't think he himself supports violence, it's not such a huge leap to violence from a platform whose roots are in the Biblical verses: "You shall not lie with a male as with a woman; it is an abomination" (Leviticus 18:22) and "If a man lies with a male as with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination; they shall be put to death; their blood is upon them" (Leviticus 20:13) I meant opposition to homosexuality and gay marriage, not Christianity in general. I don't want to debate theology; I meant only that the Bible says homosexuals should be put to death, and it's easy to see how repeating and emphasizing that verse encourages violence. It's not much harder to see how defining homosexuals as "immoral" or simply as a lesser class of people not entitled to all the same rights as heterosexuals also encourages violence. Yes, and almost no one pays any attention to the rest of Leviticus anymore -- only to the verses about homosexuality. More importantly, the second verse encourages those who hate homosexuals to kill them, and I hope the overwhelming majority of us can agree that's not acceptable. It's not impossible to discuss morality without theology (consider humanism) but that's irrelevant. My problem is with anyone who uses any excuse (including theology) to deny people equal rights. I do not object to Eich's religious views. If he believes gay marriage is immoral he should be free not to participate in one. I object to his attempt to impose his religious views on other people through the law and deny other people the right to choose for themselves. I believe that distinction is also relevant to Mozilla's decision. If someone can't follow the law, including the rulings of the Supreme Court, rather than their personal beliefs (religious or otherwise), then they aren't qualified to be a judge. That's something all judges must do; it's not unique to this law. But if they can set aside their personal beliefs while on the bench and follow the law, they can still be judges. And they can certainly be CEOs, but CEOs will always be judged on their public image. That's not unique to this debate either. Remaining (publicly) neutral on controversial issues is often an unspoken job requirement. Particularly civil rights issues. > they were "imposed" on "other people" Everyone can choose for themselves now. Allowing other people to choose is not forcing you to accept their beliefs. (I do agree that wedding planners, bakers, etc should be free to choose whether to participate.) Freedom means sometimes other people will choose to do things you think are immoral. We should consider all research skeptically, but why does it seem particularly implausible that cocoa flavanols can enhance cognitive ability? Other research: https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=cocoa+flavanols+cogniti... That's advice for helping newborn startups grow, not for designing late-stage business models. I meant it seriously, based on PG's essay. http://paulgraham.com/ds.html Startups take off because the founders make them take off. There may be a handful that just grew by themselves, but usually it takes some sort of push to get them going. The most common unscalable thing founders have to do at the start is to recruit users manually. For as long as they could (which turned out to be surprisingly long), Wufoo sent each new user a hand-written thank you note. [Meraki] got started by doing something that really doesn't scale: assembling their routers themselves. When you only have a small number of users, you can sometimes get away with doing by hand things that you plan to automate later. Since you seemed to ask: whose There was so little high quality, original content even in the old days. It was mostly opinions, simplifications of scientific papers, excerpts from press releases and press conferences, or something someone (usually not a journalist) caught on camera. With the communications technology we have now, it's hard for anyone to add significant value in the middle between the source of the news (scientists, inventors, politicians, entertainers, witnesses, etc.) and the public. For example, 25 years ago the media spent a lot of airtime and ink on the beating of Rodney King, and indeed we only heard about it thanks to the media. Now, we can watch similar videos on YouTube, read court documents and the police departments' press releases directly, and hear thousands of diverse opinions on social media. That role of the old media is obsolete. But I'd still pay for accurate, unbiased investigative journalism. Why do you assume it's a 4 digit PIN? iDevices can have longer PINs and PINs with letters and symbols. The BBC is sponsored by a licence fee collected from British people, whether they want to pay for the BBC or not. Similarly, if the government pays for a search engine, they'll be paying with taxes taken from us anyway. Those aren't externalities, just costs. an externality is the cost or benefit that affects a party who did not choose to incur that cost or benefit And within the reach of other governments likely to be equally (if not more) meddlesome. The downside of disposable plastics is that people often don't dispose of them carefully and they decompose very slowly. They're accumulating in the environment. So what's better about paying via taxes instead of paying directly? And when it's paid for by the government, it will be biased towards the opinions of government officials, their backers, and thus, the wealthy (or the influential, in a political system where money has less influence than in the US). Not just SV. Children working in the family business is quite common, and there's an exception for it in US child labor law. IMO it's more common among farmers and blue collar businesses than SV types. Just going by what the article says, it sounds like more than an RC car: robots, which can swim under water and negotiate obstacles in damaged tunnels and piping to search for the melted fuel rods. to find and remove the extremely dangerous blobs of melted fuel rods, weighing hundreds of tonnes And stores have always paid attention to how many items they sell. But (continuing the metaphor) now they're tracking what each customer buys and when, where they came from and where they go, where their eyes wander and how long they look at an item... Then sharing that data with other stores to profile customers, and find out who's sick, pregnant, graduating, on a diet, what political candidates they support... Tracking today is nothing like tracking site visitors in the '90s. Any chance of explaining the mistake on move 79 to someone who's only played a few casual games of Go? You'd have to be a little bit obsessed to research and keep track of the business model of every site (including the tracking, which may not be obvious). I touch type ("ten finger system") but I can see a point to the argument that it's not necessary to program well. Typing is only a small part of programming, and touch typing isn't a huge benefit even for that part, considering all the numbers and symbols used, auto-complete for identifiers and keywords, and macros for common idioms. And it painfully overworks the right pinky. How would a copy-left license force disclosure of DRM implemented in a library distributed as a binary blob? All you'd see in the open source code is a call to that library (just like a call to a binary blob driver from the Linux kernel, for example). No, I haven't seen those videos, but they sound interesting. Could you provide a link? I agree a mountain (of trivia, routine tasks, and communication barriers between man and machine) stands between our ideas and working code, and it's essential to deal with all that in some way. But there's more than one way to do it. I was wondering about the classification too. Is the distinction between routine and nonroutine manual occupations simply technical vs service? > Nonroutine manual occupations, which include service occupations related to assisting or caring for others > Routine manual, which include construction, transportation, production and repair occupations For example, why is driving a truck considered more routine than being a nursing assistant or phlebotomist? Perhaps it depends on what you're typing. The right pinky is used for the most common symbols, and for the ENTER key. It's really bad in C/C++, with {} and [] and ; and = and _ everywhere. Or maybe it's just different between individuals. From a purely technical standpoint, both Wild Terra and Starbreak look like games from 20 years ago. Good examples of HTML 5 instead of Flash, but not great examples of the web as a serious games platform. In every way that I could see, save being naturally cross-platform: graphics, sound, controls, game design, user interface, and even the multiplayer features. Wild Terra is a lot like Ultima Online, 1997 (even more like Lineage 1, 1998), and Starbreak is a simple platformer (like, for example, Maple Story, 2003). They're a step up from Flash, but 15 to 20 years behind game consoles and native PC gaming. It may be secure against outsiders (depending on what the MITM does with it) but is almost certainly being monitored by the employer. Apparently, the point of adding video games to this library is copyright registration. > [The videogame collection is] a collection that's mainly built, as many art collections built here, through the copyright registration process. So, essentially, games that are sent in mainly by the bigger publishers for purposes of copyright and they send in the physical copy of the game usually and as many formats as it exists in for as many platforms as it exists for. TeX has "{n \choose k}". (Replaced by "\binom{n}{k}" in LaTeX with amsmath.) Hence amsmath. They shouldn't block adblock because ads are untrustworthy. Ads are hiding the content, tracking people, and even distributing malware. Publishers need to make money, of course, but they need to find a way to do so that respects other people. How would you do that without needing a way to deal with many of the same issues: to authorize every pageview, track account balances, deal with fraud, and correct errors? You definitely couldn't afford to interact with the financial system (ACH, credit cards, or even Bitcoin) for every pageview, but you'd have the same challenges to solve. The client can't be trusted. The cost of fraud would be roughly the same as browsing with an adblocker now. But probably the hardest part of creating any system like this is getting everyone on board at once. There's a big incentive not to join the system. (People who don't want to or can't be bothered to join will visit your site instead.) If it's "on your honor", why not just ask for donations? "Stop using it altogether" isn't a viable option, because it's not this particular laptop whose security is questionable, it's every laptop. > Microsoft and Adobe have set up a pretty clear ceiling on what I consider to be worthwhile by charging $10/month for really really compelling product offerings Both are still trying to convince owners of old lifetime-licensed versions to sign up for subscriptions. Will these low prices last when the strategy changes from "sign up more people" to "profit from the users we have"? If you have that much faith in the security of your computer, you are "an idiot". That's not within your control. It's not dumb to take whatever precautions you can. And people do worry about having their pictures taken. Remember the scandal when a school took pictures of children undressed at home with their laptops' cameras? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robbins_v._Lower_Merion_School... You may not care about naked pictures, but many people do. They aren't idiots for realizing that humans are, above all else, sexual animals. Getting back to the context of this post: I'm sure putting tape over the camera isn't the only security precaution the director of the FBI has taken. How was this measured? The article says "number of lines", but wouldn't time or words be a better measure? And the people who buy food at a supermarket instead of hunting/growing it, or buy clothes instead of sewing, ... We all employ others to do things for us, some people just do so with fewer middlepeople. We can defend the press' freedom to express any opinion or fact without allowing them to publish people's private sex tapes. Peter Thiel funding a lawsuit is far from the center of power and social control. In this, he's merely a petitioner, hoping the true center of power and social control (the courts and lawmakers) will act in his favor. You know that calling a different opinion naive isn't actually an argument, right? The mere possibility of a slippery slope doesn't show that Peter Thiel did anything wrong here. I hope other websites should learn not to publish something they don't have the legal right to publish. And publishing sex tapes is an encouragingly good predictor of failure. The system isn't perfect but I think it worked this time. Am I alone in thinking insults like naive don't belong in discussions on Hacker News? No one's denying that wealthy people are powerful, but that's so well known that it's hardly worth discussing. Not all power is equal. Thiel is powerful; Gawker was powerful; neither comes close to the power of the government, or the established media, or the old money that quietly dominates most everything outside SV. The reasoning is valuable, the ad hom attack is not. Naive means: > (of a person or action) showing a lack of experience, wisdom, or judgment. Perhaps you didn't mean to, but you implied that grellas lacked experience or wisdom. It could reasonably be taken as ad hom. What I object to here isn't Peter Thiel funding the lawsuit, but the system that forced Hulk Hogan to turn to him for help. In a perfect world, Hogan should have been able to pursue this lawsuit without outside funding. It's interesting that Reuters is attacking Peter Thiel for this. "Justice" has long been for sale. Is the old guard merely afraid of new players in the game? That's only a portion of the statement. The full quote was: > Extremely wealthy people are just like any other group of people in that they come in all shapes and sizes. My opinion: in a perfect world, no one would be forced to settle for less than they are legally entitled to simply because they can't afford to pursue the case to its conclusion in court. What's the OLC's authority? Is their opinion binding? If you like what you know of someone's work (the boots), it makes sense to try more of it (the shoes). In that specific example, yes, but compliments are often given because of the design, and in those cases it makes sense to give credit to the designer. There are good reasons to think it won't. People continue to work after they have enough money not to; people making $40K per year go to night school to try to increase their income. Most people continue to want more after their basic needs are met. And beyond money, work can give a sense of purpose and a connection to other people. > But if you think of the need to be productive (for survival) as a force/pressure that has shaped... That's why UBI is only now becoming a possibility. The need for everyone to be productive is diminishing. The labor force participation rate has dropped enormously since 2000. https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/CIVPART Americans expect and demand a lifestyle most Indians only dream of. For example, electric power consumption per capita is 765 kWh in India, 12,988 kWh in the USA. [1] 1: http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/EG.USE.ELEC.KH.PC If we were willing to accept India-like population density and energy use, we could all live in the parts of the US where that's not the case. > resources are here to be burned for our comfort. Shouldn't we also consider comfort in the future? For that, we must manage resources to avoid exhausting them or destroying ecosystems, because that would create a very uncomfortable future. His statement "[if] I was black, or young, or long-haired, or tattooed, or didn't speak English - I believe he might have pulled the trigger" was entirely speculation. He, and you, are projecting your opinions on this situation without relevant evidence. Doesn't reducing the number of suppliers of a product tend to reduce competition and increase prices? I'm not trying to read anyone's mind, only the words you've written. If you're holding back evidence that this cop is racist, please share it and I'll happily admit I was wrong. OTOH, if you can't provide any evidence, I would ask you to withdraw your statement connecting a white man being held at gunpoint by an aggressive officer to white privilege. Then, you might want to peruse The Counted, the BBC's database of people killed by police in America, and see people of all races who were killed by police while unarmed. http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2015/jun/0... These are just introductory courses, teaching the theory. Teaching best practices for applying these methods to particular fields is probably beyond the expertise of any one person. Perhaps there's an opportunity for professors or practitioners of each field here? The author publicly made a serious allegation of racism against an officer of the law, based solely on his own preconceived notions, which you supported, and apparently neither of you have any evidence to back up those allegations. Ironically, it's actually YOU pre-judging the officer. Then you mischaracterized my statements entirely. I'm not defending the status quo - I'm pointing out that you and BLM are wrong to assume this is only a problem for black people. Police brutality can happen to anyone. Like Chase Sherman, a 32 year old white male. > Sherman's mother called 911 after he had a bad reaction to a substance she believed to be the drug 'spice'. According to authorities, Sherman and the responding deputies ended up in an struggle and a Taser was used. Sherman became unresponsive shortly after. Body camera footage shows Sherman being shocked repeatedly while handcuffed in the back of his fiancee's car. Sherman was shocked at least 15 times, according to deputies' Taser logs. Or Eric Tompkins, a 41 year old white male. > Tompkins allegedly refused to keep his hands out of his pockets while talking to officers who had been dispatched to respond to reports of a suicidal man. Two officers fatally shot Tompkins when he pulled a cellphone out of his pocket, which the officers said they believed was a gun. Or William Bowers, a 51 year old white male. > A deputy shot and killed Bowers, who was homeless, after he ran from police, authorities said. Deputies reportedly tried to stop Bowers while he was riding his bicycle because they recognized him and knew he was on probation. But by all means, continue to attack anyone who asks for evidence if you wish. I pointed out the lack of relevant evidence in my very first post, and the second, and third. And again as the first sentence in this post. Once again you've missed the point, because your agenda about society has led you to ignore the facts of this case. The author made allegations of racism against a specific officer based solely on his belief that such officers are common in society. And you refuse to acknowledge that you have no evidence this officer is racist. No matter how common you may believe racism is, you should not publicly accuse people of racism without evidence. And about society, you're also ignoring two simple facts: 1) more white people are killed by police than black people, 2) the number of people killed by police, by race, is roughly proportional to the violent crime rate, by race, as well as the murder rate, by race (which is what one would expect if police were not racist, but rather simply targeting criminals). My only agenda here is to find the truth. Your agenda is to ignore the truth and simply accuse people of racism without evidence. On a happier note, I'm encouraged to see some people have put aside a racial agenda in favor of protesting deaths at the hands of police regardless of race: > But one group of mostly African-American civil rights leaders is stepping up to question a deputy's shooting of an unarmed, white, homeless man in Castaic — because it just might be the right thing to do. > "We can't only be advocates when black people are killed by police unjustly," says Najee Ali, founder of Project Islamic Hope. > "They shot this homeless man for nothing," Ali said of how witnesses have described the shooting. "He was unarmed and they killed him. I found out he was white later on. It doesn't matter to me." http://www.laweekly.com/news/an-unarmed-white-man-is-shot-by... Marketing, perhaps? And once again you're accusing people of racism without evidence. Merely for questioning your agenda you've compared me to people who were against interracial marriage, and now to people who believed in racial inferiority. I don't think I'm entitled to your time, but I do think I, and this officer, are entitled not to be the target of baseless insults. But calling people racist merely for questioning the BLM agenda has become such a cliche, I'm not surprised at all. Personally, I believe all victims of police brutality deserve justice, regardless of race, even the white victims . And I think it's disgusting that BLM doesn't care (or at least, doesn't protest) unless the victim meets their racial requirements. They ignore nearly 75% of all people killed by police simply because of their racial agenda. [1] Do you? 1: According to http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2015/jun/0... 472 of 1800 people killed by police in 2015 and 2016 were black. The same would seemingly have been true of OpenSSL (software that protects secure transactions online), but the Heartbleed bug wasn't detected for over two years. I care about the victims of police brutality. All of them. I care about everyone trapped in intergenerational poverty. I care about education and opportunity for everyone. Can you say the same? Then we need another organization to address the neglect for the lives of the poor of all races, and another to address the lack of police accountability for killing civilians in general. Two problems that are rarely reported when the victims are white, and I sometimes wonder if wealthy liberals in SV are even aware of the white victims. Indeed, the media focuses almost exclusively on BLM, and that's not entirely thanks to media savvy on the part of BLM. And while some of the policies BLM advocates will be good for everyone, many responses to structural racism specifically exclude poor whites trapped in structural poverty. I will continue to advocate non-race-based solutions that benefit all struggling people, and argue against race-based solutions that help some and exclude others. BLM ignores 75% of people killed by police, the 75% who aren't black. But you're right, it's primarily the media, even more than BLM, whose coverage suggests that black people are targeted for police brutality. No, I don't recognize riots and killing cops as a "civil rights movement". I just saw a video in which the sister of the man shot in Milwaukee called for rioters to "take that shit to the surburbs. Burn that shit down." Perhaps BLM's problem is that they have no official spokespeople, so they get the best and the worst. Are there racists in America? Yes. Too many. But this is a story about a white cop acting aggressively toward a white man. If we both care about all victims of police brutality, once in a while we should actually discuss (gasp) some of the 75% of victims who aren't black. How can you claim BLM supports this, or doesn't support that? Who speaks for BLM officially? Whoever writes the website blacklivesmatter.com did support the Ferguson riots. [1] As did Simone Sebastian in the Washington Post. [2] DeRay Mckesson called In Defense of Looting "absolute required reading". [3] The list goes on and on. And you yourself just defended riots. In one sentence you defend riots and in the very next falsely claim BLM doesn't support riots. And speaking of how you spend your time, you could offer some evidence for your claims. How many words have you written now? How much time have you spent trying to persuade me, yet offering no evidence. Do you have any evidence, or just prejudice and insults? Do you even know what you're talking about? 1: http://blacklivesmatter.com/ferguson-1-year-later-why-protes... 2: https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2015/10/01/... 3: https://twitter.com/deray/status/524704650218729473 Would regulators allow Uber to buy Lyft? For purely historical interest, a simple dictionary and grammar might be more useful than an inaccurate machine translation. The Holy See (the Vatican) still publishes Acta Apostolicae Sedis (Latin for "Register of the Apostolic See") in Latin. [1] I don't know if they converse in Latin, but they do write in Latin. http://www.vatican.va/archive/atti-ufficiali-santa-sede/inde... Psychology (and social science in general) has a serious problem. Standards for publication are far too low, incentives for replication almost nonexistent, negative results rarely reported. How many of the published results in social science are trustworthy? https://www.xkcd.com/882/ Another article about a study failing replication? I too wish we didn't have to have this conversation so often, but I think the problem is that poor studies are published, not that we "rehash this conversation" in response. The investment required to truly consider the evidence is so high that none of us can manage that investment for more than a few questions. We all have to rely on expert opinion in most cases. Even leading experts on one question have to rely on other experts for other questions. Why would you think Apple is more likely to cooperate with Russia or China than with the US government? Taxes reduce profits (and losses) but don't change a profit into a loss. At least, not by the usual standard for "making money day trading", which ignores fixed, nondeductible costs like rent. That's true, but I meant to ask if there is any reason to think Apple is likely to cooperate with Russia or China, or if that was mere speculation. I've heard conservatives say similar things about the Bay Area, where they might be assaulted for supporting Trump and would probably be arrested for owning a gun. And to focus on something that will affect everyone, not partisan fears, in Phoenix mere mortals can actually afford to buy a home. The sprawling Phoenix area reaches four rivers in Arizona: the Salt, Verde, Gila, and Agua Fria rivers. And it's mostly flat land that's easy to build on and farm. That geography made it valuable to the Hohokam people, and I've heard that their irrigation systems supported the largest population in the Southwest by 1300. [1] It was a good place to build a city, until it outgrew its water supply. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hohokam Nature Communications, which publishes a dozen articles every working day. (2191 so far in 2016) Assaults against Trump supporters aren't real things in the Bay Area? http://www.eastbaytimes.com/breaking-news/ci_29976112/trump-... They're rare, as is being wrongly convicted (which can happen anywhere). But what really bothers conservatives is the idea that the police allowed it to happen. > Unless a victim's life was in peril or the violence was "spiraling out of control," he said, officers held back to avoid inciting more violence and having the crowd turn on officers. It sounded like "if you aren't breaking the law, you have nothing to fear". I'm not saying that's true, or not. I don't know. How many people have been incorrectly detained or deported by Arpaio? Three companies tried and failed? It sounds like it's harder than we might think to make this work. Given that, and the low volumes, it might not be that profitable even at $600 per sale. Heavily regulated to avoid the corrosive effect of the profit motive? You two might actually agree. I meant for a new entrant. That probably has more to do with location than politics. I've seen more Border Patrol in San Diego than in Phoenix. And Phoenix is not within 100 miles of the border, while San Francisco is (the border includes the oceans), so Phoenix may actually have a theoretical advantage there. https://www.aclu.org/constitution-100-mile-border-zone I'm far from an expert on this, but I've always thought that the symptoms (inattention and/or impulsivity and hyperactivity) are only maladaptive in modern culture, where young people are expected to spend long hours sitting quietly at attention in school. Is that a disease, or a flaw in modern culture? The article briefly mentions the issue then moves on. But is it true that "it’s too expensive to modify the kid’s environment" or simply that established powers make more money by "modifying the kid"? Another way to approach that might be to see (for example) if students from public school diagnosed with ADHD do better in a Montessori school. By "established powers" I meant the people with enough political power to influence educational and medical policy. As long as everyone with significant influence is comfortable with the status quo, there's little pressure to search for other options, even if many parents might prefer another option. If I could ask a question that may sound like a challenge but it is not meant as one: How does ADHD lead to divorce, motor vehicle accidents and injuries, and greater rates of general health conditions? Is this correlation still present after controlling for confounders like education and economic status? > But to suggest that it's a disease seems disingenuous. That allows (at least) two things: pressuring insurance companies to pay for treatment, and pressuring students to undergo treatment. How much of Apple's investment in OS X was in Darwin, and how much was in proprietary technology? Apple built a proprietary product using open source technology, and are now building proprietary products using open ML research. But it seems they're doing so for their own profit, not to benefit the open source and research communities. Apple's core "product" is the user experience. Darwin is open source, Carbon and Cocoa are not. I think that philosophy will continue as they use ML tools. They might share the ML equivalent of plumbing like Webkit/LLVM/Swift, but probably not improvements to the user experience like Siri's brain. I added a question. My impression is that Apple invested vastly more in the closed parts of OS X than the open parts. A similar law was proposed in the US not long ago: http://www.burr.senate.gov/press/releases/intelligence-commi... The strategy, of course, being to make their competitors run out of other people's money first. In the article, Apple spun that as an advantage. > “Our practices tend to reinforce a natural selection bias — those who are interested in working as a team to deliver a great product versus those whose primary motivation is publishing,” says Federighi. And I think they may be right. Researchers often aren't the best product creators. Decades of research don't prove that there's no solution. It took mathematicians 357 years to prove Fermat's Last Theorem. You need people who understand the science but whose primary focus is developing the product, not developing new theory. Edison and Ford vs Einstein and Faraday. I'm not saying they should, I'm saying they wouldn't (and probably shouldn't). Andrew Ng is a great example. He's made enormous contributions to human knowledge, but doesn't seem to be interested in the hard work of bringing a product to market. He even left Coursera to return to theory. > If we continue policing as we do now, terrorism will increase, up to a point where the terrorists take over and are the new rulers. That cannot be accepted as an 'axiom' without proof. Does the snark mean you don't have an actual argument supporting the 'axiom' (really just a premise) that "terrorists will take over the world"? You can't avoid the need to prove your premises by calling them 'axioms'. Proving this is nearly impossible, that's why the discussion never ends. The argument 'If we don't ban encryption, the terrorists will take over the world' is compelling, if you believe it. But it is simply a dire prediction of the kind that can be made (and often is) about anything. Even regular murders. Not so long ago politicians were talking about crime waves and 'superpredators'. To me, recognizing cats isn't a very useful product; that's just a demonstration of the technology. That led to an interesting paper and a lot of potential applications. By "the hard work of bringing a product to market", I meant the process of perfecting the product for actual applications. > It's time our laws caught up with our technology. Politicians usually update our laws to catch up to technology by banning, restricting, or regulating it. We'd have to change the power structure to get new laws that "create room to tinker, create, share, and learn on the internet." I'm not sure what you mean by "the AI behind it". A particular model, the theory, the hardware, or something else? Even though their name is simply ITT now (ITT Inc) I think I would put the old name International Telephone & Telegraph on my resume. Replying 4 days later? I seriously doubt you're "not trying to persuade [me] of anything." You're doing a terrible job of it though. Nothing but name calling. No evidence, and no rational arguments. (And yes, I am replying 3 days later because I am trying to convince you of something. I'm trying to convince you to have rational conversations.)